I use SoftLayer http://www.softlayer.com/ .. I used to use EV1 but since they merged with The Planet they've not been as good. SoftLayer is made up of many of the "old" The Planet guys and offer some amazing stuff like free private LAN between your servers. Of course you're going to start at no less than $150 per month, and I spend almost $1000 a month, but.. this is business and you have to pay to get the goods. People who run their businesses on naff shared hosting are crazy unless they think the odd hour of downtime here or there is acceptable. Of course, shared hosting or a VPS (my personal recommendation if your budget is small) is a good way to start, but once you make revenue, it's time to upgrade :) Depends on your budget, right? But if it's not non-existent, then I'd recommend SoftLayer (just Google for 'softlayer'). They're formed out of the ashes of the old, and great, management team from The Planet (before it kinda went 'eh') and are good value and really progressive (extremely customizable machines, cheap upgrades, virtual private LAN for all users, KVM for most servers, IPMI logins, open API to control your servers, etc). I moved to them from EV1 several months ago and am totally in love. It's amazing for startups because they offer datacenter level options for dedicated hosting money (it's worth it for private LAN alone, I save tons of bandwidth). If you want more general comments, rather than specific vendors, then... unless your site is entirely local/regional, then always host in the US. Always go for something that's not the cheapest, but not the most expensive. Always search WebHostingTalk.com for reviews of the company you consider. Not a bad read, although I wonder what reality some of these writers live in. If we look at startup participation / entrepreneurism amongst, say, people under 30 years of age, is the percentage really that high on a national scale? If even 1% of 18-30 year olds are opting to run startups instead of getting a job, I'd be surprised (although I'd love some numbers!) It's not too difficult. It's what the E-2 visa was designed for.. for people to come to the US and start (or, rather, "invest in" businesses). All you need is to invest about $100,000 into a company, either one of your own creation, or one you're going to take over, and you're in for two years (and then indefinitely if the business continues to make reasonable revenue). There are no quotas on this visa and application times are very quick, whereas the H-1B ties you to an employer (totally useless for your own company), etc. The L-1 visa is another option if you have a company and you want to set up a US office while maintaining the company in your home country, which can be harder to do but is most likely "cheaper". Ah, I just realized this probably won't work for you. I don't now for sure, but Jamaica probably isn't a "treaty" country, which E visas demand applicants have citizenship of. WebmasterWorld.com by a pretty long shot. I even subscribed for a while. It's the only place I know where the more "silent" SEO people actually spill their techniques every now and then. A lot of the other forums tend to be attention seekers who give good tips but they're keeping most of the gold for themselves. There are quite a few Web based ones already. One example: http://snippets.dzone.com/ Of course, a combo between a Web based one AND a desktop app.. that would be reasonably original. Two reasons. 1) The achievements of modern day scientists appear less amazing than they really are. 2) The achievements of scientists of the pass seem more amazing than they really were. There are quite a few candidates for a modern day "Einstein." Stephen Hawking or Michio Kaku, for example. If you mean YC, as in this site, then always. Never done it any other way. If you mean YC, as in actually in the YC program, then sorry ;-) Heh, I'm going the other way.. Safari 3.1 -> FF3b4 and found the same (or the opposite, depending on how you look at it.) Why the switch? Gmail doesn't work in Safari 3.1! ( http://discussions.apple.com/thread.jspa?messageID=6856943 ) At least, not the Gmail I have on Apps For Your Domain, and it won't let me use the fancy, new one I have on regular Gmail sigh I'm not sure comparing with Google Adsense is a good idea, otherwise following your advice I'd need to charge somewhere in the $70 - $160 CPM range on one of my blogs, which ain't ever gunna happen ;-) Anyway, just to be contrary, and because I've had success with it.. if you have a site that's visible in a particular niche, consider selling fixed rate "sponsorships" instead of advertising. I've had very good luck with this on a particular blog that totally FAILED with Adsense (as in The trick to doing sponsorships, I've found, is to both be prominent in a niche, and to have some sponsors already. This sounds like a Catch 22, but you can do freebie deals with friendly people in the industry until you get real sponsors. I didn't do this myself as I wasn't that smart when I started doing this.. and got the first two sponsors over the first 2 years and then all the rest came within a month after those two! When you're a young, unsettled man, you don't necessarily want to "waste" time extending the courtesies that are generally required when you live with women. All that nonsense with toilet seats, over the top levels of cleanliness, not calling people douchebags or bitches for fun, etc. Now, there are quite a few women out there who can operate just like men and would be just as good as a man in the anticipated role, but the odds are significantly lower.. whereas a man would most likely just "fit in." Besides, these guys might have personal reasons. Sexual discrimination is something to eradicate at a societal level, not a personal one. If you simply don't get along with women, you shouldn't be forced to work with them (and vice versa!) This means there shouldn't be sexual discrimination in a general workplace, but in your own home you can discriminate all you like! Exactly what I already did. All of the things I've created that have ended up making me lots of money weren't created out of a need to monetize them. I make things I want or need and then monetize them later when I need to, if they take off. Starting something JUST to make money is a mug's game. Starting a company in a recession is also a good idea because your industry is less likely to be filled with professional BSers and "wave riders" and your natural talents can shine through a lot better with the lack of competition. I won't cook if it takes more than 10 minutes so this will be great for me :) Anyway, my current favorite is.. Ingredients: 1) 1/2 jar of sweet and sour cooking sauce that has vegetables in it (Uncle Ben's!) 2) Packet of microwaveable whole-grain rice (the healthy stuff!) Directions: 1. Microwave the rice for 90 seconds. 2. Put the sauce and vegetables into a bowl and microwave for 90 seconds. 3. Blend the rice into the hot sauce / vegetables. This is what I eat for dinner every day my girlfriend isn't working the evening shift. Takes 3 minutes. This can also be varied by using frozen vegetables which you defrost first with the microwave on Low for 5 - 10 minutes. You can then blend in tomato ketchup, pickle, onions, and all sorts of stuff to just get a rice + lotsa goodies type meal. Good find! It's great looking back to those days when opinions like his were, indeed, mainstream. I was in high school at the time and admitting you used the Internet was not something you did. It was something that would be forever geeky, text based, and for the domain of hackers and scientists only. Things changed rapidly, of course, but I'd say it was more amazing that it DID take off with the general public than the fact we thought it wouldn't. I sold my software startup last year, and while it's the "easy option" to get back into that scene.. I'm thinking I might get into publishing! Can a book be a startup? Hmm... It's not "sexist" to state things that are "generally" true. At least, no more sexist than saying men are "generally" into sports. I'm not into sports, but I would not be offended if a women were to say this since it IS "generally" true. In that case, there must be two levels of discrimination. I have lots of preferences and discriminate between different products, people, and choices all the time. I am very much against institutionalized discrimination, however. Let's say I wouldn't want to personally work with someone who couldn't speak English. That's a personal choice, but I wouldn't want the same person to be discriminated against in terms of politics, job opportunities, and other senses. Perhaps the difference is passive versus active discrimination. The former being someone operating on their preferences (that is, choosing not to live in a black neighbourhood or choosing not to date blondes) versus active discrimation (attacking people of a certain color or gender, implementing discriminatory policies at a workplace, etc.) I think passive discrimination is necessary for the world to work, but active discrimination should be avoided and discouraged. Carr obviously didn't read Free! Why $0.00 Is the Future of Business ( http://www.wired.com/techbiz/it/magazine/16-03/ff_free ) by Chris Anderson, the "Long Tail" guy. All sorts of things are just marketing material to drive awareness and sales of other items nowadays. It's not dumb of Arrington to consider music as a loss leader for artists. Whoever wrote that article could do with some lessons in tact. "The vaunted Latino family is coming to resemble the black family" and "The Latino family is not in such a dire state as the black family." Further on they qualify this with "poor black family" but in the more general quotes above, which "black family" are we talking about? The average one? Is the average "black family" really in a dire state? It probably isn't, but I hadn't heard of it before and it gives me another option to download some of those big ISOs if the other places suck :) (Note: I'm not the poster.) I like the idea, but if it were applied, I bet Scientologists would win the debate against the over emotional "in your face" techniques used by their opponents. For example: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hxqR5NPhtLI Most predictions of the future tend to be exaggerated, because that's what people like to read and dream about. That does mean, however, that most of today's predictions about the future can also be taken with a pinch of salt, which is a little depressing. I'm not so sure. That's not so much meritocratic as a test of someone's determination or the amount of time they have to waste. True meritocracy in online voting situations would be something like giving more importance to votes from people with higher karma. So, the people who get voted up more, then get more power in voting situations themselves. That way, the site becomes whatever the "top users" want, a true meritocracy. I'm also a fan of giving precedence depending on the "age" of the user. That is, how long they've been a member of the site. This means the site may not evolve as quickly, but it appears that's something people want to avoid anyway. It tends to be the new "influx" of users that comes after popularity that drags a site down, so letting older users have more say could make sense. http://twitter.com/peterc A good argument, but do you think a user's raw intelligence could correlate to the quality of their links and link preferences? I don't. The people who post all the political links to Reddit seem quite intelligent, as do many of the people starting pointless arguments. The ability to troll and incite flame wars might even go UP with intelligence. Perhaps if the puzzles you proposed measured "emotional intelligence" or domain specific knowledge we'd stand a chance, but raw intelligence doesn't prove much. Many of the nicest, most "savvy" people I know are not of high intelligence in an IQ sense, but are still very successful in their fields, and vice versa. Just a guess, but I think domain specific knowledge testing would work best. I know enough grouchy "intelligent" people to go for the raw intelligence option, but if people were tested on their general knowledge of the sector that the site is based on, that's going to result in, hopefully, more informed discussion and links. Indeed, perhaps this is why sites like Reddit and Hacker News were / are such high quality sites at the start of their lives, because only the most informed people knew about them. Once the less informed get involved, it all goes to pot. So testing how "informed" someone is might, effectively, resolve it all.. but I can't help but feel a lot of people would be turned off by such "testing"! Just want to warn you.. I think you'll get flack from quite a few people on the design. I don't care personally, but some people get pretty excited about stuff like this :) Even changing the color might help deflect some of it ;-) Very interesting you've used Arc, by the way. Will you ever release the source? Barely get any pay? $77k, one of the numbers cited, is hardly a pittance. Okay, you can reasonably easily make a lot more by selling yourself on the open market (especially in IT) but if academia and research is what you want to do, $77k is pretty livable in all but the most expensive of locales. It is an easy mistake to believe that tools as simple as Bayesian filters can emulate intelligence. It requires intelligence to determine whether someone else is intelligent or not, not a bunch of rules and filters. As we've seen with spam, any unintelligent system can be circumvented given enough time and ingenuity. Bayesian filters are now but a small part of e-mail analysis. When communities get too big, even if they spoil, it's not a bad thing. It's a good thing because people are encouraged to then start their own communities. Digg -> Reddit -> Hacker News -> .. next thing .. It's this progression that keeps new and interesting sites coming along. If it hadn't happened, we'd all still be using Digg. - Richard Branson - Bear Grylls - Bill Gates (for philanthropy - note that this is coming from a die hard Mac and Linux user) - Carl Sagan - Richard Dawkins (If it was limited to the tech sphere, then Joshua Schachter and Michael Arrington.) This is a really, really big deal.. not to mention a great article on the topic. Solar is going to be one of the most significant technologies in the 4 - 10 year time frame, much like the Internet was in the 1990s. There'll be a boom and a bust, but the diving price of solar is going to revolutionize the world nonetheless. No. You got it. You put it so well (edit: by well I mean 'concisely') too. I wrote a 3000 word essay on this very topic yesterday (though it looks at the background to the problem in more depth), so I couldn't resist linking it here: http://peterc.org/2008/54-how-to-be-content-with-your-life-i... If we all just keep chipping in without competing, everyone benefits. Can't blame them really. It's not worth risking the wrath of the Internet crazies for the sake of doing a single cool tech demo. They made their point already, and they're not going to win an argument against a bunch of zealots. The most powerful, general level scraping stuff I've come across lately has been ScRUBYt : http://scrubyt.org/ .. although I admit I don't have much to do to use it often. It lets you specify which items on an initial / prototype page you want to scrape, and then it builds up a set of rules than then work on future similar instances of that page. Good for scraping eBay, Google, stuff like that. A temporary business visit under visa waiver or one of the B categories does not, as far as I'm aware, allow you to "work" except under certain circumstances. Meetings, sales calls, repairs, market research, and similar activities are not considered "work" and are allowed. It would need to be investigated whether R&D (which, effectively, is what you're doing when working on a YC project) is allowed. RubyCorner is very good, but only covers a certain set of blogs. Sometimes those blogs post non Ruby content, so there's noise. Also, RubyCorner does only cover blogs (not counting the video / photo sidebar) so you don't tend to get latest updates on libraries, and links to things outside of the Rubysphere. You also only get one link per hit, whereas on RubyFlow you can bind together a bunch of related interesting pieces in one go, or provide context. Context is the final part. When posting you can write what you like and provide a little context to the links. This makes it a lot easier for you, as a reader, to know whether something is worth clicking. The problem with sites like Hacker News and Reddit is that you're going entirely on the headline. Sometimes you want more than a headline.. just a single sentence of context or a bunch of related links will do. Hopefully that answers the question! Effectively RubyFlow's style is a cherry-picked, hand-written for context and quality alternative to browsing the social bookmarking sites, like Ruby Reddit : http://ruby.reddit.com/ By the way, if you have any ideas for other niches this sort of site could work well in, I'm all ears. The only two I'm personally interested in doing so far are Rails (separate to Ruby) and Python, but I think there's a wide range of people who might like to make such sites themselves. Dilution. But.. maybe! The wording of this poll is unfair. I don't think they should be banned, because that's censorship, but I don't necessarily "like seeing" Valleywag stories on News.YC. However, that's why I have a mouse, eyes and a brain.. I can "censor" stuff in my head, just like many other humans. Clearly some people here lack that facility, which strikes me as odd. The last thing entrepreneurs need is "more networking." We need more "doing," more education, and more understanding how to bootstrap our ideas rather than rely on things like YC (although YC does a great job, it should be "an option" instead of "the option.") There are already more than enough places for entrepreneurs to network, both online and in the real world. There are not, however, enough people developing exciting new ideas and products. I've already done it. Started from nothing, built a business, then sold it (twice technically, but only "real" money once). I also didn't know much (not to say I'm particularly expert now!) I am convinced, however, that if I listened to a large crowd of well meaning people, things might not have turned out as well as they did. Being a good entrepreneur IMHO rests a LOT on your ability to take risks, do things in a radically different way (often out of ignorance) and to just get stuff done without talking about it. Networking and engaging with a community works well when you're trying to learn something initially (programming language, other technologies, and, yes, even entrepreneurial skills), but isn't much use when it comes to actually breaking through.. indeed, it can be a hinderance if you actually adjust your plans or thinking on what other people are saying, as that could limit your success. Good luck if you are trying to boost morale or just provide a place for entrepreneurs to share stories.. but I'm not so confident that setting up networks for people to actually bounce ideas around is a good idea at all. So many risky / weird startups might not have made it if people paid attention to the "suggestions" other entrepreneurs would have made to their ideas. Of course, the above all applies to you, your idea, and my comments now. So.. you just need to do what you feel from the gut! :) And if you want to do the same-ish thing with similarly little configuration (indeed, less) with any framework (not just Rails) or even with a non-Ruby language, check out SwitchPipe: http://switchpipe.org/ It's rather a shame that this very site isn't good enough for the task you're laying out long-term. Quite a few people have been asking the sorts of questions you've pointed out here lately with good results and good connections made. I sense, however, that Hacker News is going to veer away from that discussion / entrepreneur friendly vibe which may make the sort of community you're discussing a useful addition. Do note that this is not the first attempt at this, however it looks. My own system (I say "my" loosely, it's public domain and open source) SwitchPipe: http://switchpipe.org/ is already in widespread usage, but its focus is a little different. To be fair, fastcgi wasn't /too/ bad IF you actually had it running well at least once g and that varied incredibly from machine to machine, alas. It did use a similar underlying mechanism to most of these other alternatives, just in a rather messy way. I don't think SwitchPipe will rule anything, but perhaps once it's up on Github (instead of SVN) and I release the next version, more baby steps can be made. I'd love to make it even more simple somehow, and perhaps port it to a much faster base (probably Python). I assume you mean over using mod_rewrite to do proxying direct to backend app servers? If so: - SwitchPipe controls backend app server processes. If an app isn't being used, it doesn't need to be running. - If an app is under heavy demand, I want more instances (up to a limit) to be launched to deal with it. - SwitchPipe deals with all of the port numbers. No port numbers to deal with as a user. Just some minor points, but with big usability gains. I disagree, but only because I believe people would consider candy that's /already opened/ by someone else to be "tainted" in some way. They're spot on this time. A lot of people seem to be misinterpreting the post and are assuming 37signals are promoting sloth, inactivity or doing things more slowly. As a company that releases products and new features on a pretty regular basis, 37signals should not be accused of this. Instead, the post is actually highlighting the problems caused by "urgency." Urgency can be a massive problem because most non-emergency matters of urgency are bred by laziness. This is because people have asked for tasks to be done by a reasonable deadline in the past, but then the job hasn't been done due to laziness. So.. the next time the person asks, they make the job look "urgent" to force it to be done on time. After several cycles of this, almost everything becomes "urgent". Consider the way many people complain about and at corporations. Their anger and demands are way out of line with what happened to them (some bad service, maybe) but most consumers know that most big companies simply won't listen unless you make a disproportionate amount of fuss. This is the sort of urgency that is very harmful to SMALL companies and freelancers. It's those clients and customers who claim every tiny job or feature is URGENT when, in fact, it's not at all. Those clients are the ones that cause stress and the ones that will ultimately give you a heart attack. There is a two way relationship needed with compromise on each side. The clients / users / customers need to be reminded that only emergencies are urgent, but your compromise is that if you promise something then MAKE SURE YOU FULFILL IT! I'm sick of how many supposedly "reliable" people don't live up to their promises.. yet we're supposedly meant to accept this nowadays. Well, I won't, and I'm with 37signals on this one. Ditch urgency, live up to promises, and it'll all go a lot smoother and with less stress. The advice in the post doesn't say they "work less". They say they've worked fewer hours. I wish I could find the study I read last year that found only about 20% of hours spent at work by a typical worker are productive, but I'll have to settle for this: http://www.nytimes.com/2007/05/31/fashion/31work.html Working fewer hours does not mean you do less work. Indeed, the improvement in efficiency can mean you ultimately produce more. It's like if you drive a car at 100mph everywhere, you'll use more gas per mile than driving at 55mph (indeed, this was why that limit was set). (Update: Heh, just noticed someone else used an automotive metaphor above!) There's been an open source "copy" of Basecamp for quite a while now, but I don't see 37signals going out of business. Turns out companies are quite happy to pay a real company real money for a real service, rather than mess around playing with free alternatives that may or may not deliver. Some great answers on here! Just wanted to give a contrary view though.. I tried becoming more "socially adept" for quite a while, but even though I can put on a pretty lively appearance on the outside, it's just not me. I'm an introvert and I accept that. One of the best bits of advice I've heard recently is to "focus on strengths, not weaknesses." That is, there's no point hammering away improving at things you're bad at, and ending up mediocre at everything, if you can focus on the things you already kick ass at and become world class! Most people who are socially inept tend only to be so with the public or people who are not considered close to them. Take Stanley Kubrick. He got a reputation for being an appallingly bad socializer, yet most of his closest contacts talk about what a friendly and amazing person he was. So.. enough people are socially awkward, or even downright grating, but are or were world class in their field. These people should be an inspiration. Don't hammer away at making yourself a socially popular person if it takes energy away from being kickass.. because if you're kickass, you don't need many social skills. It does. He seems to be implying that small companies (or companies with modest expectations) cannot be considered "startups" when, in fact, that's nearly always what they are. Just on the Ferret side of things, it does have a pretty bad reputation in some circles. Google for "ferret "corrupted index"" .. there are 59 results alone just for that limited query. I don't use Ferret myself (I tried it once; it seemed pretty good) but I'm very well read in the Ruby community (I run Ruby Inside and RubyFlow) and I've seen more than enough people saying bad things about Ferret, how it corrupted their indexes, concurrency issues, and what not, to personally avoid it. Solr and Sphinx seem to get a far better rap. .. I should add that I had a play with your site after reading your article, and it's pretty good. There's a lot of trash out there in this field and you've pulled together a good site. Kudos. Are you uneasy even around your closest contacts, though? (friends, family, etc.) If so, then yes, there's probably something worth working at. In my case, I get on ferociously well with a handful of people, but almost no-one else (at least, not for longer than an hour or two). That's good enough for me, but if ALL social interaction is a problem for you, then best of luck with your journey! :) It's more unfortunate that a few bad apples in the past have made these laws necessary in the first place. Asking someone about their life is hardly a crime, but our governments seem to have no problem making it so. Score another point against a good employer / employee relationship. Seconded. Xfce provides the best of both worlds, although I tend to stick to the normal one for most things. It's quicker and lighter than Gnome, while being clean and simple, and doesn't look like an odd attempt at "Windows XP 2" like KDE. You can guess someone's age within a few years at an interview if you wanted to discriminate, so blocking a mention of age is naive. You could also work it out in most cases from the dates given on the resume (unless it becomes illegal to learn about a candidate's education or work history - which wouldn't surprise me to be honest). You could see what neighborhood someone lives in because that will also be typically included on a resume too. Why would you hire someone who can't even put their street address on their resume? Sure, a street address doesn't have much significance to /most/ hiring decisions, although if you knew a candidate would have a 100 mile commute each day, choosing someone who lived around the corner would make a lot of sense if the job required call-out or easy access to the office. And so it goes. You'll see someone's race at interview. You can probably even figure out if someone's married (presence of a ring). It seems crazy to make it illegal to ask these questions. Instead, it should be law that it's optional for the candidate to ANSWER them. It's a little over a year since Kathy Sierra stopped blogging. Shame. If anyone wants to turn that user data into a CSV of username,age,karma, run this Ruby script in the folder with all the HTML files in it: Dir['*.html'].each do |user_file| user_data = File.read(user_file) user_name = user_file.chomp('.html') age = user_data[/created: (\d+)/, 1] karma = user_data[/karma: ([\d\-]+)/, 1] puts "#{user_name},#{age},#{karma}" end If anyone wants to turn that user data into a CSV of username,age,karma, run this Ruby script in the folder with all the HTML files in it: Dir['*.html'].each do |user_file| user_data = File.read(user_file) user_name = user_file.chomp('.html') age = user_data[/created: (\d+)/, 1] karma = user_data[/karma: ([\d\-]+)/, 1] puts "#{user_name},#{age},#{karma}" end Top users by "karma earned per day of membership": Username Age Karma K/A ------------------------------------ dhh 1 48 48 pg 563 17544 31 oldgregg 3 87 29 nickb 429 11672 27 donw 3 52 17 pius 210 2803 13 edw519 428 5316 12 rms 427 5017 11 drm237 271 2851 10 hhm 246 2475 10 keating 10 103 10 sah 42 411 9 freax 5 45 9 further08 2 19 9 iamelgringo 419 3702 8 ivankirigin 281 2486 8 luccastera 258 2201 8 moog 49 436 8 sant0sk1 35 310 8 9oliYQjP 4 35 8 ertra 3 24 8 davidw 429 3400 7 terpua 302 2212 7 kirubakaran 248 1982 7 nreece 257 1961 7 pchristensen 161 1210 7 thorax 92 667 7 gongfudoi 52 388 7 Once you've done that, you can load it into Excel (or Numbers, or whatever) and play with sorting it, adding formulas, and what not. Only semi-interesting one I found was this: Top users by "karma earned per day of membership": Username Age Karma K/A ------------------------------------ dhh 1 48 48 pg 563 17544 31 oldgregg 3 87 29 nickb 429 11672 27 donw 3 52 17 pius 210 2803 13 edw519 428 5316 12 rms 427 5017 11 drm237 271 2851 10 hhm 246 2475 10 keating 10 103 10 sah 42 411 9 freax 5 45 9 further08 2 19 9 The ones who got their karma very quickly are the interesting ones to check out. If more than a few people with print design experience would say that the leading in his PDF is good, I'll eat my hat. Admittedly, the document is good; the leading is poor. The current situation has occurred because it makes economic sense. Parking attendants and sports store attendants don't require many skills (since they have computers, automated cash registers or other staff to call upon), so they're cheap. Workers in grunt-level jobs will, in the majority of cases (though not all!), do as much work as is necessary to keep their job. It makes economic sense. Some people ARE naturally friendly or gregarious even at minimum wage and we've all bumped into a few friendly McDonald's servers here and there, but people like these are rare in areas where their pay is low and their costs are high. It makes sense, then, that people earning a pittance in New York City - one of the most expensive places on earth - are going to be, on average, surly and not very Mary Poppins-esque in their behavior. If the city of New York or the sports store wants customers to get a better service from their employees (which they generally don't), they need to pay more money and give them incentives. As it is, companies tend to give the employees incentive to be MORE unfriendly, whether by incentives to issue more tickets or with store policies that prevent staff helping customers to their full extent. I guess what you say might be generally true for public facing staff, although I still think friendliness (or fake friendless) can appear when incentivized or required. Examples would be the hotel industry, sales (think prestige car dealerships), and any low-demand hospitality industry generally. This effect is particularly true amongst the self employed who generally want to keep your business. My dentist, for example, is friendly, otherwise he knows I'll go elsewhere. My doctor, however, is not, but he's state-employed so doesn't care whether I stay or not. A 5 or 6 letter domain name isn't necessarily significantly better than a, say, 7 or 8 letter domain name. twitter.com is much better than twtr.com or similar. The trick nowadays, unless you want some unpronounceable nonsense, is to conjoin two words in some way. Let's assume your site's main topic / product / quality is "widgets." You could go with things like: gowidgets, widgetstoday, hotwidgets, redwidgets, widgetman, widgetway, widgetinside, widgetwise.. you'll find a significant amount of domains with this technique that are free to register. It does take a lot of thinking and testing to find something that's good though! You can't just join anything. Seconded. BustAName has proven very useful for me, especially in terms of coming up with word combos. http://sky.fm/ has about 40 genre specific channels with no commercials or DJs. There's an ambient channel (part of di.fm, I think) but also slow piano, classical, trance, and all sorts of things to suit your taste. I think we need to look a step back. Africa can barely produce a Ford or a General Electric! That said, there has been speculation lately that Africa might well be able to leapfrog over a lot of industrial development and jump straight to developing a knowledge economy, but with the cultural and political issues (and "issues" is an understatement) African countries have with (and within) each other, this seems overly positive for the short term. That's the job of branding. Microsoft, Slashdot, Burger King, Coca Cola, TechCrunch, General Motors, Morgan Stanley and Mercedes Benz aren't particularly forgettable (even though Microsoft is about as generic as it gets!) I'm not sure there are significantly more successful single word brands than longer named brands, although it certainly seems to be true online. Tellingly, though, they're now based in London! But, yes, South Africa can provide some counterexamples. You have essentially stated the facts I could use to support my somewhat cynical "tellingly." Africa is not going to be an economic world power until it has the ability to trade within itself to the extent that, say, Europe was 50 years ago. That a successful South African country has chosen to base itself (not just list) in Europe seems like a statement on Africa's commercial climate to me. In any case, I am willing to defer to those more knowledgeable about African economics in this thread :) I thought this post was satire until about 75% of the way down.. That said, his point about installing programs is spot on for people from the Windows world. It makes sense in a UNIX-y way, but it's totally counterintuitive if you've come from Windows. I found it odd the first time, then grew to love it. The quote in his signature is very prescient: "It's easier to invent the future than to predict it." -- Alan Kay Package management is modern UNIX-y. I'm talking about the process where you download a single file that contains an application (a disk image or a tarball, say) then perform a process to install the app (dragging or "./configure && make && install"). These OS X / UNIX techniques compared to Windows' "download an EXECUTABLE that does all the installation for you" is like night and day. My favorite: "Focus on those things you do better than others." After years of doing "okay" at things I don't particularly shine at, I'm coming to realize that the above advice could really yield dividends. Some great answers here, and mine is not going to be an answer to you specifically, but might open some minds nonetheless. I try to invest in "myself." Rather than supporting those producing, innovating, and providing value to the economy, I try to be a producer, innovator, and value provider myself. This attitude works well in your 20s, at least, but might not seem so alluring when closer to retirement. It is not uncommon, however, to see or hear about situations where someone has started a business with a reasonably small amount of money ( Humanity would not be as advanced as it is if people worked in the way you suggest. We wouldn't have landed on the moon, made it to the South Pole and, I suspect, have barely made it out of the cave.. I was talking, like you, about personal decisions. Admittedly I should probably have used "thought" rather than "worked" in my last line, as it perhaps implied working in a corporation limits risk, which isn't true. You said "I'm saying that when you leave the job you hate, you should consider options other than the one least likely to succeed." You are talking about a personal decision. My comment was about why people do not rely entirely on logic for personal decisions (and why they shouldn't), not about the contribution of corporations to society. >Studies of schoolchildren who read in varying alphabets and characters suggest that those who are dyslexic in one language, say Chinese or English, may not be in another, such as Italian. Italian and English use the same alphabet (mostly). Studies into this topic have already shown that the difference in prevalence of dyslexia between Italy and English-speaking countries rests in a lack of phonetic conformity in the English language and a strong phonetic conformity in Italian (that is, letters in Italian have fewer phonetic variants). This post gives a powerful lesson. Try to have a direct experience of being the recipient of the sort of messages you want to send. It's a bit like "thinking like a user" when testing your product (although you should have real testers too!) .. you also need to know how to "think like a journalist" when pitching journalists unless you have a PR guru on retainer to do it for you. In recent years, many of her graduate students have gone to work at Google. However she tries to persuade undergraduates to stay in academia and not rush off to become software engineers at start-up companies. She acknowledges that the allure of Silicon Valley riches can be seductive. “My husband still berates me for not having jumped on the Google bandwagon at the beginning,” she said. Still, she insists she does not regret her decision to stay in academia. “I like the freedom to explore the things I care about,” she said. It worries me how many people do take the easy option of heading off to "chair warmer" jobs at places like Google rather than work in lower-paid, but ultimately more rewarding, academic and research jobs. What's even more odd is how few people when exposed to the commercial world actually return to the academic world. There's a lot of work to be done in the fields of computer science and computer engineering, and a lot of the people who could be making the breakthroughs are instead chasing the dollar. We can't blame them, but instead perhaps we should be looking for ways to ensure the cream of the crop have, at least, an appealing alternative in doing research. Is there anything that Why The Lucky Stiff touches that doesn't turn to gold? He should surely be called the Midas of the Web. It's a cute headline, but the toilet seat is a weird, but common, target for cleanliness comparisons. The Daily Mail have done this before by stating the average kitchen worktop is no cleaner than a toilet seat: http://www.dailymail.co.uk/pages/live/articles/news/news.htm... The fact is, toilet seats are cleaned regularly (at least every few weeks even in the most shoddy of households, I'd hope - but usually at least once a week) whereas keyboards are not. Most people's buttocks don't harbor germs either. It's not as if people defecate on the seat or rub their anus directly on it, whereas sweaty, dirty fingers can infect a keyboard in no time. The toilet seat, therefore, is a weird comparison. At least compare the keyboard to a bath sponge, a washing up cloth, or something similar that's almost certainly going to harbor germs. Interesting statistics. I'm actually surprised how few PhDs there are each year compared to what I'd have estimated. Public transport is, however, very expensive, even in Europe. I can drive the 300 round trip to London and back from my house in England FAR cheaper than the train (£40 of gas versus £50 train ticket - if two of us go, that's £40 of gas versus £100 in tickets - not even counting the cost of getting to a train station). Sure, I could take the coach which would be marginally cheaper than driving (not by much), but it takes 7 hours to get there rather than the 3.5 in the car. Innovation in any niche could, ultimately, propel forward an entire branch of science. Few people used or heard of scientists or innovators who went on to break significant barriers. Let's hope Why is the same :) Thirded. I would also recommend Economics for Dummies. Sure, it's a "For Dummies" book but it actually goes into quite a bit of detail and gives good visual / graph based explanations for things that Sowell covers more verbally. With the title of this I assumed Randy had died. In case anyone else jumps to that conclusion before reading the piece, he hasn't (as of yet). It's a sad story, but ultimately an inspiring one. There's a Diane Sawyer ABC Special from April here: http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=265263428002185148 Good advice, but very American-centric. Being overly friendly and outgoing does not fly with a significant percentage of Europeans, I've found, whereas these sorts of things work great in America (probably why I'd rather live there, but well..) For example, rubygems (probably my least favorite ruby software of all time) basically require that you always try to load them, because their design stupidly requires that you know whether a given piece of software is installed via rubygems or some other mechanism. Nearly all libraries nowadays are installed via RubyGems. For most of its life, RubyGems has been the "de facto" way to install libraries, but not the 100% officially-sanctioned route. As such, it's necessary to require RubyGems in first, then the libraries you want to load. This takes all of 10 seconds to learn. The poster has missed the point somewhat when it comes to the use of vendor. "vendor" is used in situations where you have to remain fixed to a certain version of a certain library AND you're not 100% confident that your deployment environment will have that version of the library installed. In this way, it's a better solution than just praying the remote server has a certain library installed or ending up with a script that fails on the library version assertion, as with Perl. Overusing vendor is, however, a lazy way of doing things, and the sloppy programmers this guy has spoken to do not represent the community as a whole. From the comments: To me, this is one of the really big things that defines Perl as a mature language community: Perl people don't do this nonsense. There's no "vendor," and you're looked at like you're out of your mind if you distribute copies of other people's modules with yours instead of declaring versioned dependencies in your Makefile.PL. (Good) Ruby people don't do this nonsense either. RubyGems supports you specifying the gem name and required version (or required minimum version) in a similar, or better, way than Perl. This is an over-rated post telling us about a problem that only exists in the ignorant. It's cut from the same cloth as all the misinformed "Twitter's Dropping Rails!" posts and I'd expect better from the voters on HN. Remember that you cannot get eight billable hours out of an eight hour day. You can (and do) if you go on-site, and you can if you actually work eight hours for a single client in any capacity. You can't bill for doing your office paperwork, promotion, eating lunch and such, but that's not part of an 8 hour "work" day (like your commute isn't part of your work day either). I bill at $800 a day in the Ruby space. It's not that often though, because I'd rather work on my own stuff than other people's! From my experience, this is not on the high side, though perhaps slightly above average. That is very true. However, I would suggest that anyone in that position would not include this necessary legwork within their "eight hours a day." If you have several hours of non billable maintenance to do, it should not be a central part of your work day, which should be entirely billable. Well written narratively but not very potent (or relevant to the HN audience generally). The Cliff Notes version: You need to tell people you're starting a business, believe that it will work out, be prepared unexpected things will happen, and bear in mind there are ups and downs. This is an example of a bad headline for the content. It is not demonstrated how or why ".com" has "allure" in the subtle sense. The only clue the writer gives is that .com was "one of the first domain name extensions available" so it had a "head start." She then moves on to say domain registrars recommended .coms to customers and the runaway effect made .com the most popular TLD. That is only casually interesting only to a newcomer to the Internet, but merely a reminder of common knowledge to established users. It will be interesting to see if this works. del.icio.us is a good demonstration of sharing and storing links with attached context but very few users use this aspect of it. I sense that many users do not have enough time or inclination for such advanced features. I don't do much consultancy (less than a couple days per month), so yeah. I turn down a lot of work for various reasons and am happy with more modest ephemeral gigs that fit into my life rather than doing stuff that makes me unhappy. Haha, not quite, but I've done four hours at that rate before.. though the 6 hour traffic jam I got caught in on the same day didn't quite equalize it out ;-) I know I'll probably be reviewing this book for Ruby Inside anyway, but.. tip for the future: Use better headlines for posts on HN ;-) Just in case you're asking this to get a wider picture / lots of data points, I wrote "Beginning Ruby" published by Apress and was approached by the publisher, we came up with the idea together, and then got started. There was no real proposal at any point. It is now one of the best selling Ruby books (almost 6000 copies to date - but this is an incredibly tiny niche). Why is it that all books have to be 'cookbooks' or 'romantic novels' these days? Why is it that all TV shows have to be 'reality shows' or 'talent competitions' these days? They're not. It's just that's what happens to be taking the #1 and #2 spots in each field and getting most of the mindshare. There's still lots of room down the tail; just less people are talking about it (this is what makes it rich, fertile ground to mine.. 90% of the people are only chasing 10% of the pie!). And, for the most part, they're promoted / sold in very old school ways.. direct sales, calling people up, taking out advertising, etc. Those sorts of concepts not only seem alien to the modern breed of 'startuppers' but even antiquated. Good job, but there appears to be one feed / source that's nothing but uninteresting (mostly because they're personal responses) Twitter-type entries. @Peter starts a lot of them.. I suspect there are quite a few rules / heuristics that could be used to improve the quality of "planet" sites overall. Those in the topic areas I'm interested in tend to pick good sources, but those sources can occasionally be "noisy" and irrelevant to the planet. This leads people to subscribe more to summary blogs (to my advantage in my main niche). It's probably rather beyond what you're hoping to achieve, but with some time and thought, I bet there's a way to build planet sites that have an incredibly high signal to noise ratio rather than the almost equal one they tend to have right now. If that's your goal, then that's okay. Good luck! I should warn, however, that being included in a planet can cause some people to think a little too much about what they post. My personal blog is included in a planet and I'm often wondering whether I'll get kicked out if I post something irrelevant or cause too much noise. Really, I should be able to get that planet to subscribe to a certain /category/ on my blog so I get the choice. Just bringing this up in case it becomes a point later on.. The way it shows the shorter / trimmed variants of what you type is interesting but not, I feel, particularly useful. It has a nice UI though and does seem very fast! It also only does com, net and org, whereas ajaxwhois, for example, does biz, us, info and ca. Two alternatives: http://www.ajaxwhois.com/ http://www.instantdomainsearch.com/ A "sort of" alternative (requires a click but comes up with better results for word mixes): http://www.bustaname.com/ I'd rather like to see one that can also do .co.uk, just being a Brit and all :) I have a few customers who would use such a thing. Amazon doesn't get a lot of recognition for it, but in terms of being iterative, getting small but powerful new features out on a regular basis, etc, they really are industry leaders. This is just another cherry on an already well-fruited cake. Remember that the topic of "people" can be sub-divided. "People" does not mean everyone (acquaintances, business partners, even good friends). It can mean your wife / significant other, your kids, and your family. It can be "about" them and not the "other" people. In a subtle way I guess I've been like you, neglected social aspects and focused on my business to the point where I only have a few firm friends. Life is still not, however, "about" them. Life is about doing what I want to do, but ultimately my wife, my (forthcoming) kid, and to a lesser extent, my parents. The trick in life, I'm finding, is to still have respect for people, try hard, and be able to support yourself while you nurture the things you appreciate most. For me, that'll be my ambitions and my family. Friends will be a bonus. For you, perhaps, it's programming for now, and family later. Go with what feels "nice." If you've designed a business card for yourself, here's a tip: Give the card to your dad! If your dad's anything like mine - over 50 and suffering from the torments of age - he won't be able to read your type without squinting through his glasses. He won't get the subtle reference you made in the graphics. And he definitely won't be able to figure out what your phone number is. Thing is.. many of the people with the money, the power, and the NEED for business cards are those older people with fading eyesight! Do you really think some 20-something upstart needs to see business cards? We've got e-mail, text messaging, and iPhones for that! Business cards are for a wider, more general audience.. so unless you run an avant-garde design agency, design your cards with that general audience in mind. Sites that seem to perform well on SitePoint are those that are old and undeveloped. A lot of search engine marketing specialists are scouring those boards looking for older sites and domains that have some sort of standing on Google. They know they can load them up with new content and quickly reposition them! So.. if you have a site that's been around for several years, isn't making much revenue, and that you don't want to develop, give it a go. Talk about your PageRank, talk about the link backs you have, and talk about the domain's age.. and you could make a pretty serious amount of money compared to your existing revenue. It's worth looking at this even if you couldn't care about typography. ILT (I Love Typography) is one of those rare blogs that picks a topic and writes about it with such passion that even those not interested in the topic feel an urge to subscribe. It's pretty much a picture perfect description of what a niche blog should be like, so if you're into developing blogs, check it out. Disclaimer: I was a very early subscriber, but don't know the guy who runs it. Don't underprice yourself. If half the people you give your prices / figures to don't say "fuck you" then you aren't in the right price bracket. Nah, I'm not tired of it. It's obvious 37signals want to "change the world" in some way, and if you appreciate that, subscribe. If not, don't. What /does/ tire me is that they set up a special "product blog" separate to SvN, but then continue to crosspost almost everything to SvN on a weekly basis anyway.. why bother? If you're using Windows, go fuck yourself. This is what happens when someone who knows what they're doing, rather than a journalist, writes an article ;-) My comment was just that; a comment. What would be worth voting down would be the original /article/ for making such a statement, rather than an observation that the statement was made. I must agree with you, however, that I cannot figure out why my flippant observation got voted up, but this is not the fault of the comment. It's definitely less than 5 hours. The parent poster's post is 5 hours old and it's disappeared for me, but is still visible on yours. I might be totally wrong (and if I am, I apologize!) but I sense you're implying $50k is low because it's what a mere McDonald's manager makes? If so, McDonald's outlet managers might not seem culturally important or as well qualified as historians, architects, and the like, but in terms of raw capitalism, they provide a lot more value and have control over a real cash cow and provider to the economy. This is why their salaries are pretty good compared to the minions below them. $50k/yr is a good salary on almost any part of the planet. It's the median personal salary in the United Kingdom, for instance. I wasn't very clear, but my comment was more trying to highlight that political correctness is the enemy of potent, memorable communication. The article was not suggesting or presenting anything particularly interesting, but seemed to have been modded up because of its potency. Perhaps this is also what happened to my comment! On your topic, however, I agree that it would be sad to see a Slashdot-esque consistency to opinion on here, but I consider it an inevitability. When it takes over, yet another site will become our refuge :) This article is wrong. Admittedly, some problems occur due to its US-focus. In the UK, for example, residents pay property taxes, not just owners, so you pay the same property tax whether you own or rent the property, removing that advantage of renting. The figures for the mortgage versus renting are bogus in any case. The writer has not compared like to like. An apartment with people walking around above you is not the same as a HOUSE. It is therefore no wonder the rent is 2.5 times cheaper than the mortgage.. it's on a property that's subjectively at least 2.5 times worse. Like for like, the mortgage on a similar apartment would be a lot less than $2500 a month. Given increasing population, rents and property prices are unlikely to rise at just 0.4% above inflation over the next 30 years. While the mortgage payment can only go up based on interest rates (and it's not /that/ hard to lock into a fixed rate right now..), the rent will go up in absolute terms. Assuming a 3% rise after inflation, the unlucky renter will be paying $2303 per month at year 30, and very little will have been put into savings for the last 10 years. Worse, they won't have an asset - the homeowner will. Buying a property with a mortgage gives you incredible leverage you'd struggle to obtain with other investments. The bank won't loan you $400,000 to invest in stock, but you can invest in a property this way. Given that rising rents will cause the renter to barely be saving anything by year 20, that the renter will have no property and a less than exciting savings account come year 31, and that the renter has had to put up with all sorts of restrictions that come with rental properties (no modifications, often no pets, no guarantee you can stay there), I think the homeowner is a lot more wise if they plan on staying put for at least a few years. Renting is a nightmare even if it proves to be cheaper in the /short-term/. If you're an automaton that doesn't mind uprooting whenever your landlords say so, perhaps it'll work for you. But for those of us with kids, pets and geographical attachments, owning a home gives us both an asset we're invested in using the bank's money for leverage, and a permanent base that only severe economic conditions can take away from us. Talk about comparing apples to oranges. I could send a few terabytes (or 100 32GB SD cards) from one location to another for about $20 and compare the costs of sending data on the Internet unfavorably to it. Like this, however, such a comparison would make no sense. Switching to your left hand will likely give some temporary relief, but it's not exactly a fix or 'prevention'. You're then just damaging a previously undamaged wrist. It'd be like "solving" global warming by just moving to another identical planet. There was an article in a major media outlet (too tired to look it up now!) within the last six months about that. It was posted on Slashdot too where a big discussion ensued about what a ridiculous comparison it was also. Heh, I clicked to add this to del.icio.us, then noticed I'd already added and tagged it three years ago. It's amazing how much goes around and comes around again without us noticing :) Just because he called out a single guy who was unable to make something scale doesn't mean he was dismissing the entire technology (as, clearly, he hasn't). > there is a legal substance Which is..? Actually I misread your original post. I thought you were referring to a legal drug with the thought-process benefits (but lacking the psychedelic effects) rather than the psychedelic aspects alone. I am familiar with a few legal psychedelics, but it's not something I'm interested in :( Seconded. This is what I did with a company I started three years ago (and sold, at a good profit, last year). The audience was there, and they were used to getting similar services for free. By having a few extra killer features and being more innovative generally, 5% of free users converted to paying subscribers. Sadly this percentage was far too low for it to become a 'big' business and my knowledge of how to grow a company was very poor back then (I used to believe you got the product right, then sold it.. no sirree, that's not how big business really works). Good questions. It was an RSS filtering, reformatting and republishing service, so the audience was mostly geeks and what I call "media geeks".. people who run Web sites who wanted to republish blended feeds on their sidebars, stuff like that. One important unique feature in our case was that NO "Powered by Whatever" nonsense was added into the republished versions people put on their sites. Secondly, we let people blend feeds, rather than just republish a single one (this was very new in 2005!). We also supported filter by query, stuff like that. Oh, and perhaps biggest of all was allowing users to ENTIRELY change the template, free-form. We had predefined templates, but gave the user TOTAL control over the output. I'm not really sure about how those people found the service. There were a few minor writeups on reasonably unpopular blogs at the time, but 100 signups a day were coming in so I didn't care. Unfortunately I focused on the technology instead of the business so never bothered to keep track of it. Radio Lab is absolutely, absolutely amazing. It's the best radio show I've ever heard, and I come from the land of BBC Radio 4.. I'll say what I'd do now, and what I'm about to do on the "next" thing, having gained quite a lot of education and mentoring on the "business" side of things since then. I'd start selling. Day one. Even if the product or service I'm selling still needs to be developed, I'd work out who wants what I'm developing, what they'll pay for it, and how I can sell to them. Once I have the product working in a saleable form (think 37signals "Getting Real" levels of "done" here - not perfectionism at all), I'd switch 80% of energy to selling it. Cash is king. With cash coming in, I can pay other people to do the grunt work as well as work on improving the product. But.. selling is absolutely key. Last time I focused on making a kick ass product, and it worked, but I didn't know who the market was, and all the sales were from luck alone. I didn't sell the product whatsoever. It sold itself, but that's not a good strategy unless you have a mass market product. If you have a niche product, you need to be selling it yourself from day one. I would highly recommend a book called "Ready, Fire, Aim" by Michael Masterson ( http://www.amazon.com/Ready-Fire-Aim-Million-Agora/dp/047018... ). It outlines the whole process of successfully generating a high revenue business from start to finish, and is written by someone who has launched several businesses that have gone on to reach 8 and 9 figure revenues. If any book results in me becoming a multi-millionaire, I'm thinking it'll be Ready, Fire Aim by Michael Masterson. Written by someone with waist-deep experience in multi million dollar revenue businesses and full of crazy amounts of advice. The focus of the book is marketing, although it most certainly crosses over into entrepreneurship a long way. http://www.amazon.com/Ready-Fire-Aim-Million-Agora/dp/047018... The reviews on that Amazon page should show how well it's regarded. The thing about many "clever" marketing books, such as Seth Godin's (which ARE good), is that they don't help you clarify if what you're building is actually WORTH marketing. Ready, Fire, Aim looks at that side a lot more. You need to work out WHAT your product quite is before marketing it. I've used PayPal for several years without significant complaint. However, definitely pay heed to the horror stories; they are often true. PayPal's one of those services that's "excellent till it ain't." I'm glad actually. I've always thought a US-based "States Song Contest" would be really cool. 50 states, do it just like the Eurovision. I'm sure Simon Cowell could rig it up and make millions on the idea. > Things like [..] electronics, etc would seem extremely cheap ($500 for iPod touch or 5 gallons of gas) Almost certainly not, unfortunately. That iPod Touch would be significantly more expensive due to the shipping costs and the massively increased production costs. Anything that contains plastic would be far more expensive (since we'd be looking at a circa $3000 barrel of oil). > but can't they write off fuel purchases as a business expense? Sure, but writing off expenses against profit only gains you the amount you'd have paid in tax on that amount, and not the actual amount itself. Writing off expenses doesn't make it a zero-sum game, it just puts 20-30% back in your pocket. Just for posterity, and so I can look this back up in a year's time, but.. I predict an oil price crash by this time next year. If we're not under $50/barrel by summer 2009, I'd be surprised. I can't cite any great insights here, but I've tended to notice that when everyone jumps on the bandwagon of saying something bad is going to happen, some price is going to rise forever, or the like, the opposite tends to occur within a certain timeframe. It's now happening with property prices (and I remember the bulls just one year ago..) and it'll happen with oil. Same happens with memory prices too. I have a lot of respect for you (at least, I follow you on Twitter, and I don't follow many people!) so keep that in mind reading this..! The pitch has a number of problems. It takes 20 seconds before you mention the problem that your product helps resolve, and then another 12 seconds before you start to define what that problem even is. Show rather than tell. You say it's a painful problem before stating the problem (it's also probably far too early in the pitch for any humorous photos). If it's painful, it will be apparent when you just describe the problem.. if not, you're not describing the problem properly. Second, it takes over two minutes for you to talk specifically about any feature of your product. Describing your product as a "online social workspace that allows companies to better organize and share information by leveraging the connections around them" is Dilbert-esque, and it doesn't tell us anything concrete about what your product does. I really want you to get to Startup and Foo Camps and think you are on to something good, but I really hope that when you do come face to face with investors, your pitch is concise, to the point, and really, really tight. I sense that the lack of these qualities can be the nail in the financing coffin unless your idea is extremely revolutionary. On the plus side, you definitely come across as enthusiastic and knowledgeable in the pitch. Your voice is engaging. Everything is finite. It all depends on /how/ finite things are. Technological advances, increases in efficiency, and the influence of competing technologies (electric, hydrogen, liquid propane gas, and so forth) will all have a role to play. It is typically very hard to accept that these things can have a big effect, but that doesn't mean they won't (nor, of course, that they must, but the odds are better that they will). The price of oil will be as "immaterial" within 50 years as the prices of horses or gas lamps were immaterial in 1940 compared to 1890. Be honest with this potential client. Don't act or sound bitter or jealous at all. Totally accept their decision but just point out that if they need you at all in the future, you're just at the end of the phone. If your competitor is as inferior as you say, those agencies might come back to you for advice on how to "fix" the problem caused by the competitor. Then you can charge more and still look helpful. This happens a lot in other industries and I have personally benefited from it myself. You get to look good, charge more, and providing service to a customer that was previously shafted is easier than one demanding perfection from day one. Why do nearly all of this guy's blog posts end up on the front page of HN? Sure, a couple have been good, but it strikes me as a little "odd" that he seems to be on here all the time. Group voting, or do random people really dig opinionated blog posts that much? Honest question. Oh okay, I didn't know that. I don't mind, I was just curious, thanks for the answer :) Identicons: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Identicon MetaFilter ( http://www.metafilter.com/ ) is an amazing demonstration of a cohesive online community that doesn't use images to represent users. MetaFilter users tend to be very familiar with each other (more so than other large online communities I've been in). While I agree images can be good, they certainly don't seem to be essential. IRC is another example. People build up personalities and tie nicknames to them pretty easily without graphics.. and IRC can get very emotional at times. Good point and good question. I'm not entirely sure, but perhaps it's a combination of one feature and one trait. Single threading (as used by MetaFilter) forces / encourages people to take note of nicknames in order to target specific responses, so nicknames become a lot more relevant. Secondly, discussions tend to roll on and on on MetaFilter, whereas it's uncommon for two people to respond back and forth more than once on HN stories. Swastikas aside, I don't personally feel they're a good solution. They can be useful in semi-anonymous situations to determine one person from another (or an impostor posing as someone else), but I don't find them even vaguely recognizable from one another in the most case. They're very easily confusable. This page half loads then Firefox (3 beta) switches to its typical error page, but saying "The page you are trying to view cannot be shown because it uses an invalid or unsupported form of compression." Anyone else seeing that? Wow, pretty amazing. I test myself every year or two, and other than flipping from ENTP to INTP several years ago, it's been INTP ever since. I'm surprised just how many INTPs there are on here considering the supposedly low prevalence. FWIW, my wife is ESFJ, the polar opposite. It actually works out rather well. It's worth seeing what your SO is too, I wonder if that's a pattern. You're not wrong there. Mine's a nurse! The way I see it, hopefully I can use my brains to bring in some cash while we're young, and she can care for me once I go senile in my 50s from stress. Seconded. Dreamhost seem to get quite a bit of flak due to their size, but I have an account with them for "secondary" stuff and it works excellently for that. I'd only use my own dedicated servers for the proper stuff though :) The one that I use to post the current page to del.icio.us with. I've clicked it several thousand times in the past few years. I was about to post the same.. WTF isn't Los Angeles in the intinerary? I prefer it to SF personally. No. I suspect that for many people their car is a sanctuary where they can actually get some peace and quiet twice a day, listen to their own music, and generally get some "me" time. That said, there are still lots of people who would, so go for it! I wondered what had happened to them. iJustine was raving about them about a year (?) ago and then I never saw them get any traction in the areas I hang around (Twitter, etc). It's not quite "software" (you've already been provided with answers covering that) but Ruby on Rails is open source but still makes lots of money for people, whether in writing books, doing consultancy, and the creator of Rails, David Heinemeier Hansson, could (and probably does) make tons of cash from RailsConf, speaking engagements, endorsements, etc. Just because Rails costs nothing doesn't mean a big economy can't surround it.. and if you were the creator of the technology, you get first dibs on making that cash. I've been a "solopreneur" for almost ten years now. It is only in the last few years I have had significant (where I take "significant" to mean an income in the top 10% or so - which isn't a massive amount, but enough to live well). The important thing I've found is to build assets that have the potential to creative passive (or near-passive) income and then run those in parallel to your more experimental ideas. Ideally, you can then sell off some of those assets when you need more time or more cash to put into other ideas. On my part, I started a code snippets repository a few years ago. Only took 24 hours to do the first version, then it got another few days work a year on. It made about $800 a month for a couple of years, then I sold it for $30k. Not giant money but that's just one of many projects. I sold another one for a lot more just several months later. Having savings and a passive income that pays all your bills makes it a lot easier to work on the bigger and more experimental projects! As to the "why".. I as in full-time work for almost a year after leaving school, and it didn't click with me at all. I wanted to run everything. So I became self-employed, and despite earning a pittance for the first few years, it was totally worth it. Besides, none of my friends are technically or academically minded, and I don't know anyone like that who lives nearby, so I'll be dreaming and working on my own for the foreseeable future :) I should point out, however, that when I reach a point where I need other people to launch larger scale projects, I will happily hire them.. online! Just because you're on your own doesn't mean you do everything alone. You always have to rely on other people and companies, whether it's for your hosting, graphic design, printing, or whatever. If you live in the general economy, you're never as "solo" as you think. It is always better to get into a market that has significant consumer interest and fight for market share, than to get into a market that consumers don't care about and fight to convince people to change their minds. You said it.. the plugins / add-ons. Anyway, besides that, Firefox 3 doesn't seem to leak memory like a sieve like Safari.. the main reason I switched back to Firefox again. If I use Safari for a few days, I can guarantee it'll be using 700MB->1GB of system memory and I'll need to quit and relaunch. Firefox 3 tends to hover around 200MB no matter how long I've been running it. That's a big deal, even with 4GB of memory. Firefox 3 works on the Mac. It looks fine, and it's amazing there are people dedicated to whining about the minutiae of a few pixels here and there. Get on with your work people. The clothing is just a facade, what really counts is how you act. As such, going fully suited is the best policy, but feel free to customize it a bit.. a slightly informal tie, a quirky jacket, perhaps. You need to look like you've made an effort. Once you're in and they get a good first impression, then lead with your personality. If you're an interesting person but you don't get the job because you're dressed too formally, you clearly didn't use your personality.. because while first impressions can be made by dress, the impression made ten minutes into an interview should have been driven 99% by the PERSONALITY of the interviewee. Use the suit to get the first impression, use your personality for the rest. He doesn't anymore.. :) There might be an inkling of a point in that piece if Tiger didn't work on PowerPC, but it does. So why not Snow Tiger? The point doesn't stand. If only the penalty for lying on your résumé were as harsh. You first have to get the user to set up a CNAME from their domain to your app's server (in this case, senthil.travelr.com). Then your app needs to keep track of domain names versus users / sites and then serve up the correct information based on the Host: header. I concur. Several years ago I wrote a "clone" of MetaFilter (which was quite popular at the time) called FreeFilter. A bunch of *Filter sites sprung up with only a few actually "sticking." I don't believe any continue to exist now though. I'm only saying this because no-one else will, but how many of us thought "cute chick flying a plane!" then read "barely 11 years old" and almost died of shame? Anyway, still a great project :) I couldn't even have imagined flying a plane now, let alone at 11. I'm bad at coding if that helps. Ars Technica? I totally believe and agree in taking the money, but if Powerset is really bought by Google, they've just become irrelevant and are definitely not the "next big thing" in search. If the founders get a happy ending with the cash though, it's still an excellent deal.. so congratulations! One wonders if there's an "advantage" you could gain from this.. If your site is getting requested by AVG but NOT a valid browser, you can assume someone did a search that you appeared on but they did NOT click on you. This metric could be useful for improving your CTR in regular search results, something totally impossible to measure before. s/Google/Microsoft/ In SEO that's a pretty common problem. In the Ruby community, quite a few of us donated to someone who wanted to work on an open source project for several months. He didn't raise quite as much money as anticipated but enough to spend a few months on a much needed library: http://rubymendicant.wikidot.com/proposal Primarily SoftLayer. Best dedicated provider I've ever used. Used to use EV1Servers / The Planet before but SoftLayer offer so much more. It's the most boring nation too. While it feels a little like a utopia in many ways, its imperfections make it endlessly dull and unbearable for those not from there. I enjoyed the dull predictability of it for a day or two but then couldn't wait to leave. I want to move to the US but it's against US law. I don't see that as "fucked," however, but just a country choosing its own immigration policies. Since 37signals makes an API available for most of its services, it would be theoretically possible for someone to come along and build an alternative IE6 compatible front-end to 37signals' products. I expect, however, no-one will, demonstrating that there is no economic reason to support it. Sure, but then we wouldn't have known about it. PR and marketing are way more important than building a good product nowadays, alas. It's like how implementation trumps ideas. You can have great ideas, but with no implementation, nothing happens. Ditto for building a good product. You can build the world's best product, but if no-one knows about it, it's not getting used. Oh, is that like all those armchair quarterbacks who came up with complete "solutions" for Twitter's problems? I admire your sense of duty, but want to play devil's advocate for a second. Should a slave continue to be enslaved out of a sense of duty to their master? Should a kid brought up in a religious family choose to remain in that faith merely out of a sense of duty? It's curious how patriotism seems to instill a sense of duty in rational minds where even religion can find it tough to stick. I was comparing patriotism to slavery, not the draft per-se. The concept of feeling duty for "one's country" seems very weird when you look at it with some detachment. In a very literal sense, my loyalties end at my family, let alone my town, county, country, planet, or whatever. In any case, modern wars are far less clear. In terms of this specific post, no-one from Vietnam was getting ready to invade or enslave the US or Europe. It could be argued Vietnam was a necessary show of force to demonstrate that the West wouldn't allow the USSR to mark its mark all around the world, but it'd be a tenuous argument at best. Simple. Geeks respect and understand the scientific method. Anything that cannot be observed and tested is considered speculation and not fact. Being an atheist in no mean requires that you remain an atheist forever. Scientists have believed, at many times, in things that we now know are not strictly correct. Once evidence arrives and experiments are performed, scientific consensus changes. Proving that something exists is the first step, before getting an "adequate explanation." The scientific method already proves that gravity exists. It doesn't matter if we don't have an explanation for it, but it exists. The same cannot be said for a god / gods at this stage. If you choose to ignore science and logic in one area of your life, that is your choice and not necessarily a bad thing. It is often necessary psychologically to hide from the truth, but it doesn't make the untrue any more true. Some people find it impossible to accept or not accept all manner of things, but whether or not you accept or do not accept something does not change whether or not that something is true. That's interesting. MacRumors.com is the only blog I manually visit every few days too. Almost everything else is in my RSS reader but for some reason I still visit MacRumors "by hand." I admire and salute this guy. He's one of those that keep our whole geek society interesting. He's a bit like a writer who still uses a manual typewriter rather than a word processor. It's very charming. (On further browsing of his site, he seems an interesting chap. These mid-late 90s style sites chock full of various types of content are far more interesting than most of the vapid personal sites nowadays that have nothing besides blog entries.) Windows 95 is so old that I'd doubt (though I might be wrong!) that its vulnerabilities are being actively exploited anymore. WinNuke ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WinNuke ) was the most annoying, and in the late 90s you were guaranteed to be nuked within a few minutes of getting online without a firewall. 37signals are proof of what David is saying. None of their applications are original, and just based on old ideas (except, to a certain extent, HighRise, although that's arguable). It's the implementation that counts, not the idea. E-mail is not reliable enough to be a one-stop medium (as an alternative to voicemail - as highlighted in the post). I love e-mail as a medium, but I never know for certain (or even with just an 80% probability) whether a message I send will get through. Thanks to spam, many bounce / "message undelivered" type messages are never sent back, and mails disappear into the ether. At least the phone / voicemail are reasonably guaranteed. Voicemails stay where they should and phone calls are instantly verifiable. E-mails are not, and you cannot /entirely/ rely on them at any point. E-mail as a conceptual medium is great, but its delivery mechanism sucks for anyone who needs reliable communications with the rest of the world. Indeed. In fact, thanks to this I have discovered that what I was taught as "long division" is not what other people (or, at least, Wikipedia and those in this video) were taught. The method I use still works though, but appears to be more of a dead reckoning system and heavier on the mental arithmetic. I have personally had success with using GoDaddy.com's auction system (but using the "buy it now" variation, rather than bidding). I've scooped up several domain names with high pageranks for under $20 each this way. Takes some research, but it's doable. Before anyone starts taking this guy seriously, consider the impact that drug use could have on your life in terms of the social effects rather than the drug itself. Being arrested for possession (or, worse, dealing) could invalidate you from easy worldwide travel (merely having been arrested - let alone charged - invalidates you from many visa waiver programs), numerous professions, and delay certain opportunities. You have to seriously consider whether you can get away with it, and, if you don't, whether you can handle the consequences. I'm not pro or anti drugs, but I'm very much anti people ruining their future for the sake of some temporary fun. But if you know you can deal with it, enjoy it! No. FeedBurner has a basketful of algorithms to deal with this. In the most significant cases, the readers actually report back to FeedBurner how many subscribers are using that reader. For example, Google Reader. In the user agent string, Google Reader (as well as, I believe, Netvibes, Newsgator, and a few others) says "X subscribers", and that number is then used by FeedBurner. You can check this out yourself if you have access to web stats on a domain that hosts feeds. Check them out. You get to see the same numbers that FeedBurner puts on their charts. With non-Web / non-centralized readers, it gets trickier, but FeedBurner uses IP addresses combined with user agent strings to get an idea of what's a unique reader requesting multiple times or not. Typically this system works well and isn't wildly inaccurate. My point is not necessarily the risk of incarceration or the inconvenience of being arrested, but in being able to accept any risk (and clearly there is one, even if it's small) of what problems it might cause in your life if you were to be arrested or have even a minor offense on your file (and considering how deep those files go and how easily they are shared nowadays, that could be a big issue). For example, the United States consulate suggests to UK travellers that anyone who has ever been arrested, even if no charges were brought, should not travel to the US under visa waiver, and must attend an interview to get a visa. That's a pretty big deal if you didn't know about it (as one person who /was/ on my wedding vacation - and now must stay at home - found out to their dismay). It's unlikely anything relating to some marijuana use will destroy your life or impede you significantly, but even not being able to travel freely between countries /could/ be an impediment, especially if such travel is necessary for your job, etc. This is the least of it, of course. If you want to work with children, particularly in the UK, you also have to declare all of these things. If you want to work in certain industries, you have to declare these things. Things will come out if you go on to become a celebrity or a public figure of some sort. The risks are small, the outcomes not fatal, but still worth considering if you want to maintain a clean record. This wasn't a bad article to read, although it doesn't really get anywhere. A reasonably novice Mac user tries out Ubuntu, finds some pros and cons.. the end. Quite well written though but some of his insights don't quite make sense.. > I had heard that Linux users still use a command line. Instead of pointing and clicking, they actually type in obscure commands – a series of numbers, letters, and squiggly things. It’s very Russian spy, black hat, deep nerd. So do most technically minded OS X users. Admittedly he says he finds the command line quite useful on page 2, but Linux's command line offers no benefits over OS X's. > My test laptop was using the GNOME desktop interface. On start up, it offered me a choice of interfaces (KDE, GNOME, etc.) The oddness of this struck me: isn’t Ubuntu enough? It appears I still needed to select a separate desktop interface. [...] The Linux desktop needs to eliminate that extra choice if it wants to reach a mass audience. That's what Ubuntu is attempting to do: enforce a standard. I don't recall Ubuntu asking me this question with a default install. You're never going to be able to eradicate the ability to choose though, because people on both sides of the KDE/GNOME fence are pretty diehard. I can see why, because I "quite like" GNOME and think KDE is a bloated, ugly, block piece of Windows-inspired junk (basically, I respect KDE as much as I respect Comic Sans) and I don't usually take sides on things like this.. Unfortunately the page itself links to lots of internal pages which are broken but clearly designed to trick the search engines (if the PHP scripts worked properly). It certainly does read like utter insanity to a mind indoctrinated to the 9 to 5 and the traditional concept of getting and sticking to a "career." It doesn't read like utter insanity, however, to those who are independent, free thinking, and willing to do things a bit differently in order to have the life they want. I've been in the same situation, but a lot of people here have given good advice on the general aspects of it already. I have only one specific thing to add.. Build things that you NEED. There is a natural drive (survival?) that kicks in when you start creating things you need or that will make your life a lot easier in the short term. These things do not need to be for resolving basal needs like food, shelter, or even money, but for resolving problems you have regarding technology, the Internet, or programming, say. A few years ago I started to use del.icio.us, and decided I wanted my del.icio.us postings to appear at the header of my blog. I developed an RSS to JavaScript service to do this. To cut a very long story short, it turned into a very big deal quite quickly, got funding, tens of thousands of users, made a profit, and I sold it a year ago for a reasonable sum. Ditto for a "tagged source code repository" (like a del.icio.us for code) I developed a couple of years ago. I needed to store bits of code I used regularly in a tagged fashion, so I built it (in a day or two). Natural forces took over, it became popular, and I sold it. I'm not a procrastinator, but I'm an incredibly lazy person. I don't "feel" like doing lots of things, but if I know I have a "need" (or there's no way I can get out of doing something) I jump into it out of necessity. Perhaps you are the same. This piece mentions "No manual intervention" and backs that up with some reasons why Google supposedly doesn't have any manual intervention in the ordering of search results. If that's true, then does that mean the eval.google.com "secret" back-end application supposedly used by teams of moderators to manipulate search results was a fabrication or just not under the principle of "manual intervention"? Or, do activities two years ago not count in the principles shared today? http://www.webmasterworld.com/forum30/29726.htm http://slashdot.org/article.pl?sid=05/06/01/1532216&tid=... http://www.searchbistro.com/index.php?/archives/19-Google-Se... http://www.davidnaylor.co.uk/is-eval-google-back-on-track.ht... Marissa Meyer is also supposed (and a big stress on /supposed/) to have said that Google has 10,000 people checking search results for relevance: http://www.25hoursaday.com/weblog/2007/06/26/GoogleScalabili... That's part of it, sure, but multiple sources use language like: "Quality raters apparently spend their time checking search results, deprecating spam, moving the best results to the top of the search result stack, and (possibly) testing experimental Google features." http://www.oreillynet.com/onlamp/blog/2005/06/behind_the_alg... and "They are paid to check search results of Google every day. Most of the employees, called international agents by Google, were recruited through universities all over the world. The aim is to avoid spam, to get the right sites at the top of the listing and to test new features, not shown to the public yet." http://www.searchbistro.com/index.php?/archives/19-Google-Se... "moving the best results to the top", "avoid spam" and "get the right sites at the top of the listing" suggested human manipulation to me at the time. Of course, none of the several sources that talked about the rater hub project were Google itself, so determining the truth is difficult, but that was part of the reason I raised the question. I read Life A Users Manual by Georges Perec thanks to his recommendation (I read this page about two years ago, I guess). It was a real eye opener. I never actually finished it, but instead read a 600 page biography of Georges Perec.. a crazy but amazing man. Newspapers are almost free anyway. A dollar is not much for a gigantic bundle of paper. You're pretty much just paying for the delivery medium. On the Internet, the cost of the delivery (bandwidth and server costs) is too low on a per user basis to bother charging, so it's "free" but the paper is free to make money the same it does with regular newspapers - advertising. If anything kills the concept of newspapers, whether online or not, it'd be the self-righteous jerks who run ad blockers. Though, of course, this would lead to in-line ads, and an ever blurry line between editorial and advertising as ads get stuffed into the editorial. Related: http://www.rubyinside.com/engine-yard-takes-15-mill-951.html Despite all the negativity above, I just wanted to say.. I kinda get a feel for what you're trying to do and there's definitely a good idea lurking in here somewhere. I am reasonably convinced your present implementation is not /quite/ right, but as long as you're agile on your feet and respond to what feels the right thing to do, you might end up with a hit. Turning these sorts of ideas into hits is a bit like landing a helicopter onto an invisible boat. There's no target, you're just flapping around in the breeze, but if you delicately push it the right way, you might end up with something (or nothing). Mao Zedong? Stalin? The Japanese circa 1943? Apple didn't have any for the Apple I. Jobs secured orders from a computer store who paid up-front. This money was then used to produce the machines. Funding did, of course, follow quite quickly from this for the Apple II. I find it weird that they didn't edit the guy's note either. It's almost Borat-like in the way it lacks words like "a" in front of noun phrases or possessive pronouns. The guy probably does write like that, but it seems crude to just paste it up without editing when you know it'll sound weird. Or, has it been written in such a way as to make it /sound/ Eastern European and thus elicit sympathy? Well, whatever, I hope it all works out for them, but please, MySQL, get some editors. Since you're curious.. I didn't vote you down (the post is too old now) but if I were to have, it'd have been because your post didn't say anything; it just stated the obvious. They'd like to know about a story from their own company? Your page is selling features, not benefits. Are you specifically aiming at a technical sort of user who understands exactly what a wiki is, or do you want to reach people who want to make decisions full-stop? This is hardly a full rewrite since I really don't know what your product is. But just as a taster, your two key paragraphs could be simplified and made a lot punchier, like so: Making group decisions is hard, with many opinions and choices to consider. With everyone talking at once, how can you make a decision? Decisionero makes group decision making easy. A simple framework is provided within which to structure information and opinions, ensuring that your group acts with more insight than any one person. With a central store for information and opinions, misunderstandings can become a thing of the past. I'd strongly suggest, however, putting together a list of both product features and benefits and then distil them into an easily scannable bullet-point list for your front page. Oh, and you totally need a screenshot on there. Even a bad one beats nothing. It's also quite silly they have the apps wrapped up with DRM when Steve Jobs seems keen on avoiding DRM in other areas - http://www.apple.com/hotnews/thoughtsonmusic/ - but, hey, this is Apple, and it's a closed platform. In any case, while the SDK is under NDA, it does mention that you can discuss it with other developers within the same program.. it's just discussion with the outside world that's the problem. I have 8 Macs also. Whenever I upgrade, I have one more. No-one will buy my old ones at the price I want to sell, or either I want to keep them around as spares. That number should go down over time though. Apple's lost me as a customer over this whole iPhone mess. Back to the PC I go if I can sell this Mac Pro (but I'll always keep an iMac ;-)) - as an aside, if anyone in the UK fancies buying an early 2008 Mac Pro with 30" ACD, I'm all ears. What about small digital cameras, like pencams? Note: There are currently 21 comments - and rather a bit of discussion - about this over on RubyFlow - http://www.rubyflow.com/items/666 I didn't even get what that ad was supposed to mean until I read the interpretation of it. I'm not sure the general public are really going to hook on to it. Ads have to be catchy and understandable or at least witty.. this has none of those characteristics. It's just confusing. No. I consider the scientific method valid and not something to be taken on faith. Is it celebratory to tokenize someone in a headline with an irrelevant physical attribute? Example: We're also in a domain heavily dominated by white people. Would "Tetris written (by a black hacker) in sed" seem as celebratory to you as the female variant? Personally, to me neither are true celebrations, just tokenism. People, whether women, men, black, white, whatever, don't like to be tokenized and patronized. Is this a joke paper? Serious question. The findings don't seem right to me at all. 40% of people got the answer wrong? At its core, being male or female is a physical / genetic difference. The social side of it is based upon the physical difference (with no physical difference, there would be no genders, therefore no social distinctions to make). The psychological differences (e.g. changes in the wiring of the brain) are based on physical differences. There are many great contributions by women in all fields of science. Many of the earliest computer programmers were women; indeed, in much large percentages than we see today. Female behavior is different because males and females /are/ different. If you were to generalize male and female wants and needs, there are clear differences between the sexes in terms of their priorities. These priorities /tend/ to result in women not entering the sciences, though there are many women who do (and thrive). These priorities also /tend/ to result in not many men entering the caring professions although, again, there are many men who do. The fact that men and women are difference is not something to be shielded, hidden, or "resolved." As long as everyone has the same potential, our differences should be celebrated and we should focus on what we want to do, rather than what society wants us to do. Notice how the work areas are really dark? I haven't seen a workplace like this in a really long time. I personally love dark workspaces, but they seem to have become uncommon - substituted for "bright and airy" fluorescent lit hellholes. I wonder how / why Pixar went with it. That whole area with the garden shed, as well as the render farm, look great! I haven't used the product and, like you, I don't really know what it does, so I had to write in a very generalist way. The key to really good copywriting is a back-to-front familiarity with the product or service you're writing about. If you don't have that, you're just making minor improvements to match a certain sound, rather than actually writing something that can push a product's marketing a long way forward. Bluetooth could do this. Bluetooth proximity locks are available for computers, though I've not heard of one being used for doors. I suspect the Bluetooth "signature" (whatever it is) could be easily sniffed if someone knew about the lock, but it'd still be pretty cool. If Google can merely use its clout to bring it into the mainstream, however, they could do the same with far smaller Digg-like sites and for less money. I think that if Google buys Digg for, say, $400 million, then Digg must actually be worth that. Okay, it might not have the revenues to warrant it, but it has a rampant audience, many of who treat Digg like a game and spend hours on it every day increasing their karma. That sort of support is what can fuel the site enough to drag it into the mainstream with Google's help, and why it's worth mega money. > all human attributes are physical No. Opinions define attributes of an individual (e.g. "liberal", "conservative", "masochist") but are not physical. P.S. No "damage control" is needed as no "damage" has been done. You see controversy where there is none. I confess that my point was poorly worded. "Wiring of the brain" was a poor cliché to use to refer to the innate physiology of the brain, if accuracy is demanded. The physiology of the brain, of course, does differ in a number of general senses between males and females. Opinions, however, are typically based upon memories - and judgments built upon those memories - although emotion and some hormonal factors (such as serotonin and dopamine levels) have a significant effect too. Short term memory and the executive acts of judgment are defined by variations in potentiation between neurons in the prefrontal cortex. Whether or not you consider "electrical" patterns in the brain to be as "physical" as actual brain layout is, of course, likely to remain a contentious point. Now.. if you take it out to long term memory, you might, at least, have forced a stalemate. Long term potentiation between certain neurons (as in the formation of long term memory) does, indeed, result in a "physical" change through the formation of synapses. I don't personally consider these changes as "physical" in the sense of my original argument (which was not written with the consideration I'd need to back up the terminology used) but I accept that there is a potential stalemate here, since almost everything can be reduced to physicality depending on how detailed a view you wish to take. My argument is really that attributes free will cannot change (such as biological gender) are physical in nature, whereas those attributes free will can adjust are not. In this sense, I maintain gender is entirely based upon physical attributes, whereas other human attributes are not necessarily. My first search resulted in a 404 page several seconds later. Then.. it went totally down for a few minutes. Now, it redirects everything to http://www.cuil.com/info/unavailable.html Interesting first impression! Google didn't have this trouble, but then back in 1999 we didn't have billions of Webheads flocking to whatever was new and shiny... that was the investors' job ;-) I have an "old" server running Rails 1.x apps on Apache 1.3 using FastCGI. It's been surprisingly reliable, and has hosted apps without significant issues for over three years now (my first Rails deployment was December 2004). All of these apps use MySQL. My "new" server is, again, Apache 1.3 but using SwitchPipe ( http://switchpipe.org/ ) which is a lot more reliable as it manages the mongrel and thin processes I am using. However, in the future I anticipate I will move to Phusion Passenger ( http://modrails.com/ ). I am starting to use SQLite3 more in apps. It's "fast enough" for small sites. I used EV1Servers (now The Planet) for quite some time, but now am a SoftLayer man! This book is sorely needed; Merb deserves more recognition :) That said, with only two chapters of thirteen available it seems an odd time to start sales, but if it's easy for purchasers to get the new chapters as they come, it'd be a nice gradual read :) Forgetting the actual technology side of it (DOS, KA9Q and PINE for me), the biggest thing we (me and my dad) both thought when we first started to play with the net was: "You can download and do multiple things at the same time? How does THAT work?" We were, of course, used to regular BBSes.. This guy is a class act! Everything I've read of his has been interesting in some way and this post is the cherry on top - he pretty much gives away step by step how you should be promoting small software products in 2008. What's great is that you can clearly tell he's just fumbling his way through after reading a few resources here and there, but because he's determined to follow the advice he gets and actually follows through on it, he gets results. He says 20% of the 40 bloggers (including many A/B-listers) wrote something about him just because he asked - that's what it's all about.. walking the (online) streets and spreading your message. Don't worry. You don't need to know what a "Linux slice" is because it's a term barely used by anyone except Slicehost customers. You'll more commonly see such systems referred to as "virtual private servers" or VPSes. Heck, this very page is #3 on Google for "linux slice" which shows how little the term is used ;-) Don't do it. I spent 3 hours today working on a golf instead of, well, working. Luckily I still got everything done that I needed to but man, this is a real time sink if you thrive on competition. The people doing golfs on there are insanely good. Interesting strategy, but Girlfriend came out 18 months ago. That post reviews the song and the song as if they're something new. Consistency in class definitions (that is, not two "types" of class). Python's packaging is less consistent. Oh, and far better community sites. If you like this sort of stuff, also: The Usborne Book Of The Future http://www.pointlessmuseum.com/museum/usbornebookofthefuture... It has excellent illustrations and is, as far as I can tell, a lot closer to reality than this other one. The people commenting on that post are scary. They're making out like these traits are uncommon or indicative of personality or mental problems, whereas they are extremely common and usually not detrimental at all. > It's highly unlikely that stock market returns over the next 50 years will match those of the previous 50 years, even with the cratering of the real-estate market. Why? Stock market rises tend to be linked to technological advances. We are pretty close to some significant technological breakthroughs and these will only accelerate over the next 50 years. Consider, for example, that within 15 years, it should be cheap and practical to use solar panels for almost everything. Consider robotics and the way robots will radicalize many industries as much as industrial robots have revolutionized factories, etc. Because "subscribe" is a term not understood by anyone to mean receiving something regularly, of course. What a cynic. I bet the guy behind this post would rather write one of those horrible, dry ads that make our eyes glass over. It's amusing that a comment above made the same point - just in less forceful language - and got modded up. Validation - you downvoters are similarly dry, stuffy cynics. That trick of his at the end of the post to give you access to StackOverflow is a classic. Funnier, though, if once you've done it, you use any OpenID at your disposal to log in - it generates an empty account for you within their system. Of course, this could actually work out well as only people with a smidgen of interest in using the site will bother to try it. To this guy's point.. yes, the blind can be leading the blind, but any answer is better than no answer . Surprised? Not really. Ethics are at an all time low in the corporate world, and if some anonymous entity is going to lay you off, people wonder why they shouldn't gain a little "payback" value from it by stealing secrets? I'm not recommending people do this, but the motivation is obvious. Soooooo slow (in Firefox 3). It is definitely do-able at speed though as http://www.classycode.co.uk/CoverFlow/ does it fast - the only problem there is the interface (a "wheel" like mechanism). Amen! I totally get OpenID but it's yet another technology with no significant benefit to the average joe (or, rather, no benefit that outweighs the disadvantages). Like RSS, this remains one for the power users. I'd buy one. Joel's argument makes sense in theory, but in practice it doesn't add up at all. You can preview music, get a feel for what it's like, regardless of the price. On a movie, you're relying on other people's opinions, but from 30 seconds of preview you can usually establish if you like it or not (and if it's a band you always buy the music from - you don't care anyway). And if by buying overpriced music, the person feels like they're "fitting in" and are "hip" then what's the problem? They're not being ripped off. They're getting $2.50 (or whatever) of smugness / well-being / hipness. Ah, but if that were generally true of public perception, bargain bins wouldn't exist. By that argument, it's not "free" to just walk down the street, because your tax dollars are paying to maintain that street - and reading a book at the library isn't "free" because you're paying for it through taxes. Heck, almost nothing's "free" by those criteria. Whether it's a good thing isn't in the perception but the reality. The reality is that costs within the UK NHS are significantly lower than those in the US with its $50-per-mile ambulance rides and $10 aspirins. While paying for medicine from tax money makes it look like more of a free ride, and potentially open to abuse, it seems that having a cartel of medical insurance companies and hospitals all jacking up the fees works out a lot worse for users in the long run. In terms of operation or in terms of updates? In terms of operation, everything continues to work fine (where everything is not literal, but nothing significant). No. If they were doing something "no-one wants", they'd be making no money - a bit like if I tried selling ice to the eskimos. People were clicking on his Adwords ads (which would have to be properly descriptive - due to Google's policies) out of choice and were then browsing the guy's site before some of them were clicking on Adsense ads (again, properly described and out of choice). If someone didn't like the sound of an ad, why would they click on it? They were clicking on the ads, and short of being forced at gunpoint, they obviously "wanted" to click on them. He wasn't polluting the Internet any more than Google are. He was running a directory of companies. Having a directory organized for a specific industry can be extremely useful, compared to the myriad of results you'd get on Google. If his site had no "value" then how was it creating $155k/mo of profit? Out of thin air? By browsers forced at gunpoint to click on ads? It had value. > This site was exploiting a difference between google's advertising cost and its advertising payout. And? If you go to work and get paid $50,000, your employer is "exploiting" the difference between the value of your work and what they pay you. That's not a bad thing. An employer adds a lot of value (a team, equipment, various capital expenses) a typically employee could not use on their own. So it goes with this guy's site. He might have been exploiting a difference, but he was also adding value. If he were not, then the advertisers of the ads he was making money on would have been advertising where /he/ was advertising. Arbitrage is not in itself bad or deplorable. People seem to have a personal vendetta against it on the Internet, however, due to their undeserved phobia of advertising - an industry that has pretty much fueled our economy (and the Internet generally) for a good 50 years now. The problem with being open with their mostly algorithm driven systems is that it'd allow people to find loopholes and game the system. People currently do this, but it's very unpredictable due to lack of information. With information, some advertisers would be more informed than others and have an advantage - this is not what Google wants because informed advertisers spend less and I suspect Google would rather have uninformed "stupid" advertisers wasting $1000s per month propping up their business. > Loudly and conspicuously hire an App Store Evangelist I agree, but I'd be surprised if we see it happen. Evangelists are needed all over the place and yet so few companies bother to hire any or attempt any serious relationships on social media and the like. Apple are also not known for their openness in situations like this. A lack of information gives them some sort of advantage, I guess. It's intriguing that Adobe appears to have fudged the numbers and estimated the number of AIR App installs when, in fact, the more interesting number (for developers) is how many people actually have the runtime..! This is totally the new LOLcat :) I wouldn't, but I'm not the target market for this sort of thing. I'm defending the business model, not the individual site. > The model of buying cheap ads and then having pages with nearly no content filled with many more higher paid ads? Why not? Google does something similar itself with its "link units" where you click through to a new page with a whole group of ads. Advertising is not immoral (usually), illegal (usually), or some sort of thing to wipe out. Buying cheap and selling high is how the world works - whether you're selling labor, bricks, commodities, or, yes, advertising. Would you be raising similar objections if, say, the Yellow Pages advertised with "Find all Builders in YourTown, FL", and it then went to a page with a (paid) list of all the builders in said town? If so, why? It'd be useful and a good demonstration of arbitrage. Another big issue is that sites like the aforementioned all encourage (by their interface) upvoting /before/ you look at the content - so items tend to get voted up on title alone. Sure, you can go and read a story and then remember to come back and vote, but it doesn't usually work that way. The upvote button is there, the title is there - most people are going to be making the vote at that stage, not after. There is a difference between "handwriting" and "writing" and it is certainly true that there is an overemphasis on handwriting - to the severe detriment of writing skills. Being able "to write" (as in, put thoughts and ideas together as words) is much more important than being able to write (as in handwriting), yet schools do tend to focus significantly on the latter. It's important to know how to write by hand, but it should not be considered even vaguely superior to the art of communicating or "writing". You are not wrong, but stock prices are a reflection of trouble - just because trouble isn't reflected in a stock price yet doesn't mean there isn't any. Lehman's stock price 10 days ago being proof of that ;-) Agreed; that's why I didn't get very far with the site (and I was a member during the beta period). It seems that people answer questions very quickly and it feels like you're in a contest for the "points" - who wants to compete against others for mere points on a single site? Not me - so I stopped going there. That said, I think it will be excellent for those asking the questions, but for those answering..? It'll just be the prima donnas and gold-hoarders playing the game. I suspect the upvotes on this post answer this genuinely-asked question, but.. is it considered okay to post links to random interesting Wikipedia articles on HN? There are a lot of good ones. 100 devices across your Apple account - so if he had 10 apps with 10 adhoc users each, that'd be it. At least, that's what I've been told by an iPhone developer. Just to be fair, however, he's young. I think most of us have been there. We've taken the path less trodden (self employment, working at a startup, etc.) and we've had doubts. In order to counteract those doubts, we need to act as if the "other way" is stupid, that we're better, and that we're doing the right thing. I think that's what this guy is doing. He's young, he's confident (to a point), but he lacks the wisdom and ability to reflect that comes with age. So while it's easy to call him "ignorant", a "douche bag", or whatever - he's not willingly being any of those things. He's young, cocky, and exuberant - like most of us were. (Of course, when /we/ were acting the same way, we were probably getting called out the same way too.. so this process might actually be necessary to develop that wisdom ;-)) we only print our shirts on American Apparel shirts (regarded as the most comfortable tees you'll ever get your hands on). Really? I thought they were so common just because they were giving printers a good deal or something - they feel average. They're certainly not up to the feel of, say, bamboo t-shirts. This is one of Seth's most poorly written posts, which is why I think most people aren't getting it. It touches a nerve with me though, as it's taken me a long time to learn what he's saying. When an engineer has a proven ability to ship stuff, to keep things humming and not crashing, it's easy to fall into the trap of rejecting anything that hasn't demonstrated that it can work, that hasn't proven itself in the market. What he's really saying is that it's the status quo to argue against (reject) ideas and technologies that are radical - simply because "engineers" are trained to produce things that "work." Until proven (which takes time), radical ideas and changes are extremely experimental, by definition, and likely to cause friction. This does not make them unwise, however. The key point, in my mind, is that even if EVERY highly educated person in your field told you that your idea is stupid, wrong, and will never work, you shouldn't believe them blindly. James Dyson didn't, and now he's a billionaire. SOMETIMES (but very rarely) everyone else is wrong when you are right. Proof that rents in the Bay Area have plummeted! Seriously, that looks like a lot of space for 9 - we'd break arms for that in Europe. And, of course, taking advice from a Web page with a giant, obnoxious interstitial ad is always a good idea.. Anonymous anonymous, or Anti-Scientology Anonymous? Forget the sidebar part of Genius - where it does seem Apple's just out to promote their back-catalog - and focus on the Genius playlist feature (which doesn't try to push music on to you). The Genius playlist feature works really well. I've been surprised how good it does, even with semi-obscure music - it's opened my eyes to a lot of music in my library that I've forgotten about, and about 80% of the time, the combinations are really good. Now, it doesn't work so well on my girlfriend's 4GB library, and perhaps it's just because my library is 60GB and filled with lots of CDs from my youth from almost every genre, but the algorithm is good - it's not entirely some sort of scheme to get you buying more music. They're both mental illnesses. While common independently, the issues that cause other mental illnesses often result in depression as a side issue. Let's all breathe a sigh of relief that something like the App Store isn't necessary to use regular desktop apps on our Macs.. if it were, I'd suspect a mass exodus away from the platform would occur. Thanks to the lock-in / uniqueness of the iPhone platform, they can get away with it for now. That within a year you've become extremely proficient with a non-trivial, math-heavy video compression standard says a lot for your baseline intelligence. Congratulations for sticking at it, although I doubt most of us in the lower 95% could have done the same! :) I also find this approach is often the kind of thing that leads people to assume they cannot do something; they think that only "really smart" people can possibly do some particular thing, and refuse to try as a result. Of course, it can also go the other way--because someone does something hard, they insist that they must be really smart, or else they couldn't have done it. This only reinforces the problem. To be fair though, this isn't exactly a problem - it's ensured you've gotten a whole lot of lucrative work because there's not a whole lot of competition ;-) There are, possibly, contrasting areas I feel able to tackle that would initially intimidate you (as video compression intimidates me) - that's what makes specialization such a great thing. On the plus side, Facebook can avoid going the MySpace route and maintain a clean, functional system by putting the myriad of applications in a cleaner place. Asking whether you can "make money" and whether you can become wealthy by developing shareware are two different questions. Yes, you definitely can make money from developing shareware. You can make good money. But wealth? People define that in different ways, but I assume true "wealth" to be a, say, multi-million dollar net worth. Now, that's certainly possible, but still rare in the shareware business compared to the number of players. The short answer is, yes. But you will need to be on top of your game, ready to redefine what you're doing, and be prepared to put in an absolutely insane amount of time (unless you manage to catch a certain wave or craze at the right time to milk it fast). It's not scientific, but based on the seemingly sequential serial numbers and the dates of different serial numbers, a few of us in a Ruby IRC channel calculated the other day that approximately $1.5m worth of TextMate licenses are being sold each year. That's a pretty inspiring number, even at half the amount. No need to duck - you're right. There is absolutely no way a presidential candidate at this time could be successful and be "out" as an atheist. I don't think this is just a religious thing, but one of people voting for people like themselves. There are significantly more theists than atheists in America, so it makes sense. We all "lie" in small talk, attempting to seek common ground with people, and the like - lying about religion might seem like a huge thing in some people's eyes, but if it serves a purpose without damage, why not? I'm not in a (physical) position to quote the numbers used, but I was one of the first people to buy the app and have a low serial number. I then got serial numbers and purchase dates from others to work out the intervals vs serial number increases (which we are assuming are sequential, as that seems to fit the pattern). Take numbers and multiply by usual license fee (not always applicable, but not a bad average). In an ideal world, maybe. But it was illegal in this case as demonstrated by Thom Henderson's success in his lawsuit against Katz. Agreed. That seems to be a common occurrence in the beginning of any industry though. Take Web applications, for example. While we now have lots of extremely high quality desktop apps (heck, the whole stack really), there are only a relative handful of pro-quality Web applications that aren't proprietary (WordPress, Drupal, SugarCRM, etc) compared to those that are closed (GMail, FeedBurner, Google itself, heck.. almost any major Web app out there). Poor headline. It might hit Sudanese airspace , but not "Sudan" as in the land forming that country. It might not even high Sudanese airspace, as it'll burn up in the "upper atmosphere." It's as much as an "impact" with Earth as dropping a sweetner in your coffee is an "impact." Seconded. You could probably host this site quite easily on their $40/mo package - if not lower. the handwriting suggests that the author spends much more time with a keyboard than a pen. Really? It looks rather neat to me. If that handwriting looks bad, the writer should visit my doctor sometime! Basically, don't create a logo that has the generic shape of an apple in it. Also, if you're naming a Web site or product, and don't have six figures with which to validly defend nominative trademark use, don't use the words 'iPhone', 'Mac', or 'Apple' in anything you make or produce. It's fine teaching our kids to stand up to bullies in school, but in the real world, if you haven't got the money to waste on a defense, just let the bullies win. Be aware of a problem here. If you go back several years and look at sites people defined as "cutting edge" or "futuristic", they were mostly gawdy Flash-ridden wastes of space that were certainly unique, but ultimately unusable and hard on the eyes. Even if you go back just a year, Adobe's Flex was being touted by many as a way of the future - especially in e-commerce - yet take a look at Amazon now. It's evolved, but not in that way. Looking at the high-end fashion catwalks to predict consumer fashions for the next decade doesn't work. So it goes with Web design. Remember that the future is made of lots of tiny changes compounded - not large sweeping innovations. SomethingAwful did an image version of this (I assume it influenced this video) called "Porn Not Porn" about a year ago - sadly it's SA member only to view now, but you can find some examples by doing a Google Images search for "porn not porn" (as a phrase) For those into porn but not porn, don't forget to check out Furniture Porn: http://furnitureporn.com/ They don't even look vaguely similar. I really love the way Allen's shining a light on the underbelly and back corridors of the Web 2.0 world - especially on his Twitter - http://twitter.com/centernetworks That said, I'm starting to realize that networking and social connections are what make the world go around. The world doesn't work on fairness or ideals. People get into positions because they're friends with those in power or can use their connections to "grease the wheels." Even organizations and events that claim to be fully democratic rarely are. Seth Godin's new "Tribes" schtick seems to say that people like to form together into "tribes" that then support each other and the leader(s) of that tribe. Whether that's a tribe of Seth Godin supporters, a tribe of NY tech elites, or a tribe of higher-ups on this very site, it doesn't matter. People are going to stick into tribes, people will brownnose, and people will use their contacts and networks to get an advantage. Is it really worth exposing if it's going to always happen? Like a nostalgic punch in the face! Excellent! Doesn't it feel like sometimes we're going in circles though? Second Reality, released in 1993, (video - http://au.youtube.com/watch?v=XtCW-axRJV8 ) was perhaps the most famous "demo" ever, and technically it was more advanced than this. Looking at a lot of JavaScript and most Flash games today, it seems a lot of supposed achievements aren't really technologically interesting anymore - they're just interesting because they're in a new medium or are networked. No disrespect to these guys for a nice bit of JavaScript work, but isn't it just a little bit of a shame that JS can't even deliver what was considered cutting edge a whopping 15 years ago? (note, though, that Flash kinda can - http://pouet.net/prod.php?which=25494 ) Michael Arrington has made no secret (in the past, at least) of the fact that he HATES being scooped and LOVES to get exclusives. And so he should! He's trying to run the best blog in the game, so unless a piece of news is truly massive, why does he need to run non-exclusives? As such, it's no real surprise that a lot of Y Combinator startups make it on to TechCrunch. As pg explains above, Y Combinator pretty much tells their startups this, and if they give Arrington an exclusive, that coupled with pg's reputation can seal a story pretty easily. You say that after the 1970s recession it took until 1992 for the market to make a full recovery to its inflation-adjusted peak. However, the average quality of life in 1987 was far ahead of that in 1971! Stock index levels are not indicative of quality of life, job levels, or even the financial health of a nation. Just because the Dow has fallen 40% does not mean that as a nation we are 40% worse off, unless we happened to have all of our money in the stock market. When he says Obama's plan is "putting the cart before the horse" I think he means that it's silly to tax us on the money we earn that we'll eventually invest with and not on the money we invest ONCE we're rich. I'm not rich, but let's assume I'm on track to become so by way of my ever increasing income. Obama would take more of the income I'm using to build my fortune, leaving me less to invest later on. Lower income taxes would give me more to play with later on, and since I'll already be quite well off by then, paying tax on my capital gains doesn't really bother me. Personally I don't think this is a great argument and I am in support of Obama's plan, but I do see its point. It's a very long-term argument, and I think that if far smaller investors can use the capital gains 0% tax (such as entrepreneurs who self-fund) then it's an amazing idea. But if small self-funding entrepreneurs cannot take advantage of the 0% tax on capital gains in their own businesses, I'd probably agree with the author as it serves only to unfairly placate the rich. The story at the start of the article doesn't hold water with me. If you went into a store and picked up a paid of $49.99 trainers (let's assume no sales tax), and you had this trick pulled at the register, but were then signing a receipt with $50.98 written on it, you're going to notice! Unless you're the sort of person who never looks at price tags or understands what the total should be, how would you fall for this? I'd love to see bloated tech companies start dropping like flies. It'd leave such huge holes in the market that just beg for someone to come in and fill them with a lean startup. I've seen a lot of this attitude lately, so I want to coin a term: startupfreude! Loses its punch, maybe, but it still makes sense, no? After all the potential failure of the incumbents is a "startup's joy"? Anyone else noticed how rather rude that character looks at a small size when viewing on the HN front page? ;-) I don't really know much about Japanese, but this is awesome! I know there's a song called "Kaze Wo Atsumete" that I like, so I just typed that in and the various symbols came up.. I copied and pasted it, and bam.. I was finding music videos on YouTube I wouldn't have seen otherwise - and it was the right song! Big thumbs up. What a shame Apple's releases today have stirred up a cauldron of disappointment and inconsistency. No significant spec upgrades, prices have gone up (in the UK, at least) - we've gained slightly better video, a glass trackpad, a new case, and an SSD option. With computer prices falling (generally), it's remarkable that Apple hasn't responded to that at all. Even the old MacBook they're trying to pass off as the new entry level one is £20 more than the same machine was yesterday (yet $100 less in the US). Apple has muddied the whole notebook range. The MacBook now comes in two totally different styles , as does the MacBook Pro (with the 17" now being a particularly poor deal, despite the increased standard res.) And what's with the new Cinema Display? Looks nice, but it's not workable for Mac Pro users (the market Cinema Displays were meant to be for) and it's heavily overpriced. It's really just an accessory for only the newest releases. Apple was making good progress at bringing pro-level technology to the user at prosumer prices, but this whole update has sent them back into the stratosphere. The entry level "new" MacBook is over £200 ($400) more than the old entry level MacBook.. how can I recommend this to my PC-switching family now? Apple is not trying to be a Porsche of the computer industry. Apple is a mass market company with growing marketshare - it's one of the biggest computer manufacturers in the world. Porsche's output is tiny compared to that of Ford. Sarcasm is the lowest form of wit, especially when it makes no sense. I've launched (with Dan Grigsby) a blog for iPhone application developers - http://www.mobileorchard.com/ - or follow us at http://twitter.com/MobileOrchard :) He said this guy's been a friend for 15 years now. Whatever happens, he gets value. He either gets a part in a growing business, or, less likely, he gets to discover that a "friend" is not really a friend at all. Both valuable in their own ways. All that said.. original poster, get everything formalized ASAP! > Apple wants to eat its cake and have it, if they can. I'd say that makes Apple more like a Merecedes-Benz of the computer world than Porsche. Porsche produces extremely high end cars for under 1% of the market. Mercedes-Benz produces high quality "prestige" cars but still wants large market share. Given that Jobs even drives a Merc, I think there's something to this comparison ;-) It's very much like political advertising, actually. There's something to his "It's like ____, but for ____" schtick. DZone.com is the Digg for developers. Scribd is the Youtube for documents. Hacker News is like Reddit but for people with a clue. It's an awesome elevator pitch if you get it right. Because 255 is now just an arbitrary choice for a VARCHAR length. Explanation: Prior to MySQL 5.0.3 (give or take a few point releases - I forget) a VARCHAR column could be 255 characters in length maximum, so VARCHAR(255) was often used as a default. Now, however, you can go up to 65,535 characters on VARCHAR, so if you're still using "255" then that seems arbitrary and not well thought out (or your schema is just old). > So there is no reason to artificially use a smaller value. That's not true either. As the document explains, MySQL's internal buffering uses fixed sized columns matching the length limit of the VARCHAR column. So a VARCHAR(255) will cause 255 bytes of memory to be allocated versus only 20 for VARCHAR(20). Of course, it depends on what range of sizes your data fit as to what you do :) To be fair, some of them have changed names, rebranded, or been bought out. For example, the one listed as "RSS Digest" was owned by me but was a donation-ware service at the time. It became Feed Digest, got angel funding, and in 2007 I sold it. The new owners rebranded it and it continues to operate. Agreed. These numbers are absolutely nuts. (That's not to say they're not common, but they're crazy.) And many can be gained. It's amazing how many potential customers use e-mails as a sort of "test" to see whether they'll go with you or not. Striking these while the iron's hot can almost guarantee dollars in the pocket a month later. Unfortunately, OS X can make it a bit too easy. Until I gave her instruction otherwise, my wife downloaded apps like MSN Messenger, opened the DMG and then ran the app direct from there! So she had all these installation DMGs open so she could run her apps. My father (who tried OS X after being a Linux user for some time) did the same. It's really not obvious what you're meant to do unless the DMG has the instructions in clear sight (which some developers do). I had a similar confusion when I first switched to the Mac five years ago. That's true in the US, but sports has barely any importance at all in British universities (and perhaps applies to the EU generally). Okay, we all know about the Oxford vs Cambridge boat race, but beyond that, there's no public exposure to university sports. I think the focus on sports at US colleges says a lot about the US, rather than universities or the education system in general. Work on building up your personal brand equity. In less buzzwordy terms, build up your social network, become known for your opinions, and develop an audience of some sort. Gary Vaynerchuk's videos are worth watching on this topic - http://www.garyvaynerchuk.com/ I follow a lot of people on Twitter who aren't working on a specific idea right now, but when they do, you can bet I'll be checking it out and cheerleading for them! The same applies for those following me. Become known, get us to follow you and enjoy what you have to say, and then when you DO get "that big idea" you'll actually have some users and publicity out of the gate :) With that said, if you /do/ have a Twitter account or whatever, link us up! But your blog only seems to have one post.. There's also a five minute walkthrough for iPhone users here: http://www.mobileorchard.com/a-5-minute-walkthrough-of-andro... Engadget also has a review: http://www.engadget.com/2008/10/16/t-mobile-g1-review/ Yammer has 60,000 users within 6 weeks? I find that number unbelievable, especially for a paying product that's generally arcane (it's not arcane compared to similar services, but it's hardly at Facebook's or Flickr's level). Good luck to them if this is a valid indicator of their success. [Update: Further down it says, "though only 200 companies with 4,000 users are paying so far." That seems more realistic in terms of paying customers :)] You could write a book on this. Heck, I probably should - I've done it a few times :) A short list (but by no means anywhere near complete!): - Find as many blogs in your niche as possible. Pitch them properly (a lot could be written on that point alone) DON'T JUST GO FOR THE BIG ONES! The smaller blogs are more likely to link to you if you're friendly to them and develop rapport.. I run blogs with over 10,000 subscribers and I love helping people who are FRIENDLY and GENUINE. - Use your social network.. you've been building one up, right? Make sure all your Twitter and Facebook followers know about what you're doing. Lean on your Linked In contacts. - Stumbleupon advertising (if appropriate, 5 cents a visitor). Adwords advertising (if appropriate). - Find places where users of competing applications gather (forums, Google Groups, etc) and work your way into their attention zone. - See if there's a sub-Reddit that's specifically for your niche. Find people to charm there, post ancillary links regarding your app, etc. Don't over-do it. - Post it on HR (as someone said above) - Find your way in to interviews, podcasts, etc. A lot of content providers are dying for more content - you might make a great interviewee. The media is less opaque than it seems. - Go to events! Make sure you have an elevator pitch. Get excited. Wear schwag featuring your logo, etc, if you want to. Don't just focus on the big-wigs - get anyone who might find your service useful excited. - Does your design rock? Get on to the "CSS design", and "Web design" show case type sites. There are hundreds of them around. Not amazing exposure, but the more links the better and any one of your visitors might turn in to a serious contact. - Start your own blog for your company / startup. Make it really interesting. Be candid. Show off new features. Show off stuff you're working on. Show off your team or your technology. Build up your own tribe of followers. They will make all the difference when it comes to saving you on del.icio.us, Digg, Reddit, and so forth. - Make sure you stay on top of your e-mail. Customers might test you with e-mails - responding quickly and completely can make the difference between sales and no sales - or life and death with a startup. - Find ancillary reasons to get your service mentioned in blog posts and tutorials. For example, if your startup is an RSS mashup generator of some sort, you need to have tutorials out there that recommend your service. Get those tutorials and posts on to Reddit, Hacker News, Digg, etc. - If people write about your site, write tutorials that mention you, etc, PROMOTE THAT CONTENT EVEN IF IT'S NOT YOURS! Get people reading stuff that's about you - not by you! - Remember that bigger sites like TechCrunch and ReadWriteWeb (if applicable to your sector) love exclusives. Don't bother mass pitching those - focus on one, whichever you can get best rapport with, and offer an exclusive. Your product needs to be AWESOME for this to work though. - Follow a search.twitter.com search on terms related to your service (and even the name of your service) .. get in touch with people who might be interested, respond to all comments about your service. - Write a bog standard press release and submit through the standard channels. This will not help much but at least your company name/service name will end up with a ton of results in Google - this can help you look bigger than you are. You /may/ even get some offline coverage if the press release is actually kinda good (but not too crazy). It's cheap to do this. - Build ancillary "fun" services that tie into your main web app. Something fun, free, perhaps something that you can relate to sites people find interesting, such as Twitter. Let's say your main service is an online graphics editor. Perhaps you could create a separate site where people can create avatars for Twitter / Facebook from a small set of templates.. separate project but promoting the first. - Hustle, hustle, hustle! Make sure you know as soon as someone blogs about your service. Follow Google Blog Searches, etc. Keep Googling. Get commenting on blogs (not in a spammy way - just get your name and service out there). If someone needs to do something your service offers, you need to be there! I believe Jason Calacanis wrote an interesting piece on doing PR for a startup recently. Find that article and read it - I recall it was very good. .. BTW, if anyone thinks I might be able to turn this into a good book, resource site, or similar, vote this up and I might give it a try! :) I asked someone to redevelop Linux from scratch for me on eLance.com, and a Romanian company quoted me $487.22. Bargain! I didn't realize there was a trend. I didn't want to choose India, because that really is a stereotype. I thought of going with Poland, but we Brits and Poland have a lengthy history of allegiance, so heck, why not go a bit further south? Seriously though, Romania is great, but it is definitely a popular place for crazy quotes on eLance.com to come from, along with India, the Philippines, and the Ukraine. This isn't any sort of xenophobia or racism - just reality. Imi pare foarte rau! My bad. I meant HN - as in here. :) Winer says: "I haven't used a command line since I left MS-DOS in the early 90s." Seriously? I can't even imagine how you could get by on a UNIX or OS X as a professional developer without using a command line at least occasionally. Does he really only use Windows? It's still early days, but myself and Dan Grigsby launched http://www.mobileorchard.com/ a couple of weeks ago. We already have an iPhone developers' podcast (first episode is an interview with Hampton Catlin, who's selling 1000 copies of his app each day) and are trying to link to interesting iPhone developer related stuff over time. It's getting better each week :) You can also follow us on Twitter at http://twitter.com/MobileOrchard As an example of what we have, try: http://www.mobileorchard.com/9-places-to-publicize-your-ipho... - 9 places to publicize your iPhone app :) What is up with the giant, irrelevant photos in between each item? Is this a new blogging fad? Learn more about the guy here: http://reginald.braythwayt.com/ It's only one data point, but this site shows a median salary of $80k - could still be a pro-rata contract rate though, of course.. http://www.odinjobs.com/Odin/marketstatcompare?id=5445&q... Disclaimer: I built, ran (for two years), and sold a Web app that processed tens of thousands of feeds each hour and distributed summaries based on those feeds hundreds of millions of times per month. That out of the way, the difficulty varies with the scale somewhat. With a large scale, you run into all sorts of issues including arbitrary blocks from feed providers, dealing with database locking, etc. If you're really just doing "100s" on an "hourly" basis, hopefully you'll stay well under that level, but if you think it'll need to scale up quickly, the decisions you make now will need to be different than if it's going to stay small. I can't provide any code here, but just some quick pointers. Our crawler (which is still running under the new owner) was entirely custom and written in Ruby. It performed very well. Instead of using a specific feed parsing library, it uses Hpricot (the Ruby library) and a set of custom built rules for parsing RSS and Atom. The reason for this is that we wanted speed, reliability (no shifting libraries), and it HAD to work with invalid (and even extremely broken) feeds - many "proper" RSS and Atom parsers have issues with busted feeds. Put it this way, though, Ruby is definitely up to the task, as long as you rely on a parsing library (Hpricot, in this case) and aren't just using regular expressions or something ;-) One nasty thing you'll need to deal with is knowing whether items in feeds are new or not. You could delete all items associated with a feed before processing that feed each time.. but what if you want to keep an archive of older items? What if you need to maintain database performance? How are you going to track what's new, what was deleted, etc? I used a hash that was either based on each item's GUID and the feed's ID OR (if no GUID present) the item's link and title. Unfortunately this was not failsafe. If someone changed the description of an item, the change wouldn't get picked up! And.. not all feeds use GUIDs - and some feeds have GUIDs that change when descriptions change.. some don't :) Feed formats are really, really dirty, despite being specified officially. All sorts of nasty publishing systems are mangling the formats and you need to be able to deal with it. These are issues that go far beyond choosing a feed parsing library - it's about the organization of items. You need to do a lot of sanitizing to be 100% effective. You'll find feeds that use wholly inappropriate date / time formats, and the content provider will not care. You need to be able to deal with that. Oh, and watch out for feeds that have wacky dates way into the future.. which can then end up "stuck" at the top of your list of items if you're ordering by date ;-) This all just scrapes the surface of how tricky it is. I was doing it fulltime for over two years and even now I feel I've only seen half the picture. You either strive for 100% effectiveness of processing and parsing feeds and drive yourself nuts - or settle for 90% and sleep at night ;-) Unfortunately I'm unable to share the code, as I sold the intellectual property. However, I can share that it used Hpricot, and had a number of XPath rules for each discrete element of both the general feed and "items" that needed to be extracted (title, link, description, time, etc). Each rule was in an array, so rules for Atom and RSS could be mixed.. the first to match dictated the format. This is a pretty quick and dirty (but ever so effective) way of doing it - parsing feeds as XML in the "technically correct" way is an absolute nightmare given the poor validity of XML out there ;-) All that said, one thing worth looking at is: http://rfeedparser.rubyforge.org/ - it's based on the Python Universal Feed Parser which is generally considered to be the most awesome of feed parsers out there :) FWIW, I posted the direct link to HN, but I also wrote a blog post about it that might fill in some of the missing gaps for some: http://www.mobileorchard.com/take-stanfords-iphone-programmi... This post goes on about how we're addicted to gadgets, new technologies, and how we love to buy cellphones, but there's something at a far lower level than that which means "technology" will always thrive. Technology directly drives economic growth. Indeed, other than "resources" it's the main driver of economic growth. Whether it was the invention of the plough that led to significantly more efficient planting, through to the invention of the combine harvester to more efficiently collect food, technological inventions of all sorts have created our economy as it is. Given this, it's certainly possible for us to "innovate" or "invent" ourselves out of the current crisis. What about those $1/watt solar panels that were talked about lately? Once in mass production, power at that price could revolutionize the world, significantly improve the environment, and give us close-to-free energy in places where it wasn't possible before. It's not just the big inventions though. Even if you develop a piece of software that adds significant value (by reducing costs or otherwise) to businesses, you've helped the economy.. not just by earning yourself some money, but by making other companies more efficient and more profitable. Technology isn't just iPods and cellphones that we throw money at.. it's one of the most significant levers we have to push our economy up with. Either force install Hpricot 0.6 (your usual stuff will still use the newer one, rfeedparser will use 0.6) or go mangle with rfeedparser to remove the lock to that version (of course, that removes any guarantee of it working 100%). BTW, today is an awesome day to write a new feed parser. Here's why: http://www.rubyinside.com/nokogiri-ruby-html-parser-and-xml-... I run the most popular Ruby and Rails blog, and readership drops a solid 10-15% every weekend in FeedBurner numbers. I think there are a lot of what I'd call "institutional" programmers and techies who only talk shop during the week (mostly because they're in the office). Intriguingly, I had no opinion on this before going to that page, but after looking at their examples, something about the "arrow after" examples make me want to click on them more. It's only an anecdotal data point, but others comment similarly. Sorry I'm not Patrick, but we're trying to keep up to date with iPhone developer news (as well as tutorials) at http://www.mobileorchard.com/ - we're trying to become a bit of a "go to" for iPhone development news and the like - high level stuff mostly. Very clever little tool. I can't see myself using it too often, but it's shown me lots of semi-popular sites where I can still pick up my username.. so I might just have to do that next! Interesting, but I see this as being a very client-specific implementation. I don't think browsers will implement it. It'd make more sense to have a good, cross-browser socket API instead (though one protected in the same way as AJAX is). Generation Y has seen its parents live comfortable lives. Those parents have had to work day in and day out to make a good living, but it's been a comfortable living overall. But.. why are Generation Y's parents so hard-working? Probably because they saw their parents struggling. Unlike those of us under the age of 30, our parents had to experience (or were at least constantly reminded of) the problems with food rationing and scarcity in the 40s and 50s (especially in Europe). So, I wonder.. is generation Y becoming lazy and self centered because they've seen their parents do well, and assume it'll work out that way for them too no matter what? A very clever setup, but is it necessary? Programmers, on the whole, don't need to type very fast because they're thinking and coding while typing. Writing code is not like writing an e-mail or a blog post where the brain can work much faster than the fingers. This keyboard optimizes perhaps the widest part of the pipe - which is awfully fun to watch, but lacking in real productivity increases, I believe. That guy's plan about a bipartisan committee that can bring everyone together on an agreement is one option. A more effective, one, however, is probably going to be learning survival skills, and running out into the Canadian wilderness in about 10 years' time.. It's awesome that people are translating good articles like these. It makes me wonder if, perhaps, there should be the option for people (co-ordinated with pg or not) to set up local versions of HN? But certain arguments do favor the proponent, even if they do not appear to. For example, I'm irreligious, so I should be in support of the world becoming religion free, right? I'm not. I know that I don't need it, but I think people, generally, are not morally enlightened enough to deal with a world without religion.. ergo, I want it to stick around! I guess this is a bit like a master criminal being in support of more policing because they think they can get away with it while lesser crooks are put off by the extra policing. I believe this sort of reasoning is quite common - but it goes against your pattern, I think. If you're able to write well, you're overqualified to be a plumber. What a ridiculous stereotype. That's like saying if someone's able to program well, they're too geeky to get a girlfriend. Agree in principle, but it's not quite four years. The quoted post was on September 5, 2004. On September 25, 2006, Yegge said "Rhino rocks." - http://steve-yegge.blogspot.com/2006/09/bloggers-block-4-rub... - So two years. The only new thing in that time was JavaScript 1.7 (which was a pretty good release, AFAIR). We had a rather successful Ask YC on this several days ago - see http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=341138 It did focus mostly on online PR, however, so perhaps others could provide deeper coverage on this question on areas I know of but have not tried (or no longer use). For example: - trade shows - schwag - guerrilla marketing - speaking at events (supposedly can work wonders if you do it right) - publicity stunts (think Richard Branson) - becoming a press contact who's quoted a lot - producing an event for your industry / sector yourself (worked wonders for Carsonified!) - presenting your product in a remarkable way (think of how Google presented Chrome with the comicbook approach - get inspired by Understanding Comics by Scott McCloud - http://www.scottmccloud.com/ - or see http://xplane.com/ for a more corporate look) - paying for word of mouth (risky) - on the street promotion (booths, etc) - leveraging networks like LinkedIn - sponsorships - cross promotions - affiliate marketing - e-mail list marketing (not spam) - lead development and phone calls (surprisingly effective in many areas, though I don't do it as it's not relevant to my sector) - writing a book on your topic (works better if you're a consultant OR you're happy to be the "face" of your product) - social objects (look at Hugh MacLeod's career as of the last 3 years) - be interviewed - do your own interviews of people in your industry for your company's blog (see FiveRuns' blog for this in action - it's been very successful) In terms of books, some personal recommendations (as in, I've read them and they rock): - Dirty Little Secrets of Buzz by David Seaman (this is like dynamite) - Whatever You Think, Think the Opposite by Paul Arden - Any of the "Guerrilla Marketing" books by Jay Conrad Levinson - Ready, Fire, Aim by Michael Masterson. It's not racism (thought it used to be - US immigration policies regarding "Orientals" were shocking at one point). If it were racial then it'd be ridiculously easy for western Europeans to emigrate to the US - and it's not. I've wanted to move to the US for a few years now. However, like you, I've wondered why immigration isn't being discussed as a serious solution to our economic problems - so good one for bringing it up. There is undeniably racism involved in border crossings and with the authorities in general. There are "checkpoints" in the south of US border states where many are discriminated against. I believe what you say. My point, however, is on the immigration policy rather than enforcement. I do not believe American immigration policies are racist. They're protectionist and potentially xenophobic but otherwise equal black and white citizens of the same country have the same chance to migrate to the US. Oh, I totally agree. I was just being pedantic over the numbers. Not just the frustration factor, but the recycling factor is key too - especially in areas (such as mine) where trash is heavily limited (3 sacks for 2 weeks max) but recycling paper/cardboard is easy. I think Amazon might have taken some influence from Sennheiser who have been trying out the whole "eco" packaging thing lately: http://is.gd/6dHl : It's worked out well - I believe the eco packaged headphones outsold the regular packaged ones on Amazon.co.uk for quite a while, so it might have helped them go with the idea. It might scream re-gifting, but we need to become happy with re-gifting. In the current economic and ecological climate, throwing away unwanted gifts or toys after mild use is ridiculous. If these boxes become popular, it becomes possible to regift without it looking so obvious and that's a good thing. I agree with Steve's point, but he's mostly talking about typing fast to participate in online communities, write more e-mails, etc. That sort of stuff doesn't require a "programmer's" Dvorak keyboard - so my point still stands. The act of programming doesn't require extremely fast input - especially as a lot of people use macros and shortcuts now anyway. Using Dvorak to be a better participant in online forums, etc, is awesome, but you can use a regular Dvorak keyboard for that. What's the equivalent of "Slashdotted" for Hacker News? Whatever it is, we appear to have done that to it. "503 Service Temporarily Unavailable" :( To be fair though, a RickRoll is extremely appropriate given the topic of this post ;-) The reason I didn't link directly is because then people would miss the link to the "Most Wanted Song" alternative :) http://blog.wired.com/music/2008/05/survey-produced.html The Most Wanted Song is arguably worse than the Most Unwanted Song. This is ideal evidence that crowdsourcing doesn't yield ideal results! United Kingdom. Our council is quite progressive on the recycling front. Despite the inconvenience at first, I'm in support of it. I think we recycle about 60% of our household waste now. Large families and those with babies get special allowance to have more trash, so it's reasonably fair. The only downside, and one many are complaining about, is that they alternative trash pickup with recycling pickup, so you have to leave some trash sitting around for 2 weeks.. not pleasant to drag through the house on pickup day. To me, an item in a cardboard box is a factory reject or OEM. A child would likely reject a toy that didn't have the packaging of a store item. And that's an attitude worth changing in order to cut down on the ridiculous amount of packaging many products use (including non-recyclable plastics, etc). If it takes someone as big as Amazon to do it, bravo. The whole glitzy packaging thing is a reasonably new invention anyway. When I was a kid things tended to come in cardboard boxes (though printed on). Playing with boxes was as fun as the toy often times! Maybe, but I guess like authors who say you only get the best results when writing slowly with a pen, I feel that speed should never be of the essence when typing code. That said, I'm not a Java programmer, so I'm somewhat biased in my appreciation of brevity ;-) I'm glad there's actually a mass media outlet that would post something like this. They are focusing heavily on the numbers though, rather than the system - and it's the system that's the problem. I don't vote because my single vote carries no weight, as the article demonstrates. However, if proportional representation were used, I would vote because my vote would count for something even if very little. With First Past The Post, my vote is more like buying a lottery ticket.. if I vote for the loser then it counts for zero - which is why we end up with two party systems. I bought mine just over a year ago with the eco packaging. This was in the UK though. Both options were available. There's exactly zero chance that store shelves will contain boxes similar to ones that Amazon is using here. Therefore, there will always be two kinds: 1) The displayable kind, and 2) The shipping kind. In the short term, sure. But the world changes a lot more than we think, over time. The Walmart shopping experience, as it is today, would be unfathomable to someone from even the 1970s. Consider the success of "no frills" groceries over the last 10 years (a success that is increasing due to the credit crunch). Many who wouldn't leave their chosen brands for certain products are migrating to cheaper alternatives with incredibly dull packaging. It's a bit of a conceptual jump for toys to be the same, but I suspect it'll happen when we realize how superficial the 90s and 00s "were" (speaking from a, say, 2020s perspective). If possible, could you edit your post title to include "Windows" before "Mobile"? People might think to post iPhone related resources here (which is what I was going to do) and you seem to make it clear that's not what you want ;-) Voting increases the strength of your demographic, and then shifts the political allegiance of that demographic very slightly towards your views. Do you seriously believe that young people would, as a demographic group, generally vote together to disband social security? I don't think there's an old person vs young person divide at all. There's plenty of divide between conservatives, liberals, communists, libertarians, etc, of all age groups. Can I have a citation for your claim that Obama will directly give cash to the poor based on extra taxes raised on the rich? +1 Just wanted to add some more to this, as I recently had a debate about this with someone who was very pro-voting. Abstaining from religion is no longer dismissed, yet politics, as you say, remains a sticking point. In the 1500s, religious adherence was the norm in the West. In the 2000s, adherence to democracy as a political system is the norm (I have no doubt this will change in centuries to come). Consider voting within a democratic system to be equivalent to choosing a religion. If you are not religious, ideally you would not choose a religion. Likewise, if you do not believe in the democratic system, ideally you would not vote. Democracy is a system that many people take for granted, but is only one of many options. Voting in the democratic system implicitly means you support democracy. If you do not support democracy, therefore, it would be quite rightly against your principles to vote. Enact a Windfall Profits Tax to Provide a $1,000 Emergency Energy Rebate to American Families: That's interesting, actually. A similar prospect was laughed out of British parliament not too long ago - a parliament far to the left of US tastes. 1. I want to be seeing a screenshot(s) on the front page. 2. I want you to make it clear why I shouldn't use Wordpress. 3. The pages on the site are all samey. The general layout and theme are quite nice, but you need to make it flow better. Screenshots, etc. On the monetization front.. skip all the technical jargon and sell your services as a company that can bring a newspaper on to the Web (or allow a newspaper stuck with antiquated Web software - and there are lots around - to enter the 21st century). There could be quite a few lucrative consultancy gigs in getting newspapers online or migrating their existing sites into working with your system. Points all taken, but there's no reason why the site can't be spruced up even if in open source project mode. The better the presentation, the more interest. Rails and Nitro were released at about the same time. Rails had a well designed site with a good introduction and screencasts. Almost no-one knows what Nitro is now. Same goes for a lot of open source projects - presentation can help build the critical mass in many areas. I don't live in the US. In any case, which presidential candidate plans to stop federal corporal punishment? I suggest that you LEAVE. Many people find living outside the United States quite pleasant, and you can rest assured that in most of the other democratic nations of the world, your tax dollars are not being spent to bomb "collateral damage". That's not viable if you're an American citizen. As an American citizen your worldwide income is subject to US taxes, other than where overridden by treaty. I'm a book collector, if that counts! Some months I only buy a few books, some months I will buy 30. Very few are technical. Most are non-fictional on topics such as marketing, PR, design, information theory, grammar and language, anthropology, social sciences, and art. I am not particularly good at finishing books but I read dozens of books each month in terms of pecking out chapters here and there where it seems appropriate. I find it necessary to have books covering a wide range of topics - even those I have no practical use for - to act as a sort of "mental compost" to inspire me in my usual pursuits. I find that books on art, architecture, graphic design, medicine, and fashion all help me be more creative in other disciplines. This also goes for magazines. I'm no yuppie, but I subscribe to both Wallpaper and Monocle, simply for the inspiration. Don't you? Why else comment both here and RubyFlow? It's a non-story :) Anyway, you're a lovely person - let that love shine. There's no way that advice given within the last week can be delivering big wins already. I would be very keen, however, to hear people who have been using the ideas outlined in the long-term. There are no quick wins in promotion, because you have thousands of other people against you, and getting people's attention is hard. One downside to your particular situation is that your app is both soccer related and relating to reasonably competitive matches (that is, not just a kick around, but actually "organizing players" and the like). In this case, I'd say your app is so specific to a certain demographic that you need to narrow in on that demographic very tightly and focus on it alone. You're less likely to find your ideal market in general areas online and on highly specific forums, Facebook groups, real life, etc. Perhaps mstefff is a democrat (small d - an advocate of democracy) and doesn't believe in voting within an electoral framework that isn't truly democratic. In terms of general Web strategies: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=341138 http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=351709 But here are some tips specific to niche blogs. I run a niche blog that has 17,000 subscribers and am in the process of building up others, so I have a few tips (but I am by no means an authority on this!): - TWITTER! Use search.twitter.com to find people talking about your topic and talk to them. Follow them, get them to your site. Twitter about your topic. Use TwitterFeed to stream the titles / links to your blog posts into your Twitter feed. - Sometimes niches are interesting to broader audiences. On HN you see stories relating to the Ruby programming language (or Rails) all the time - these are pretty niche topics but with some general appeal to hackers / programmers. - Find the other blogs. Comment on them wisely and try to build up relationships. Find areas where you can complement what others are doing rather than just copying them. For example, let's say your blog is specifically about flash photography . You could get interest to your articles from general digital photography sites! If you're going to be niche, find the blogs that are one thicker branch further down the tree. - Blog carnivals ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blog_Carnival ) - Get "outsiders" interested in your niche! I wasn't really all that interested in typography or logo design, but ILoveTypography ( http://ilovetypography.com/ ) and Logo Design Love ( http://www.logodesignlove.com/ ) hooked me with their awesome designs and modern, friendly approaches. - Advertise with Google Adwords. You can target very precisely this way. - Advertise on complementary blogs. - Look for Facebook groups on your niche. If you find some (and there are millions), you have a whole index of people who might want to subscribe to your blog. - Try to get included on to "planet" sites for your general topic area (e.g. for the Ruby world - http://www.planetrubyonrails.com/ ) and on to sites like Alltop.com. - Guest post on complementary blogs. - Engage with whatever audience you build up over time. These people need to be your advocates! If they blog, they should be mentioning you from time to time, assuming your content is good. - Editorial mentions in magazines relating to your niche. Many smaller magazines like to mention Web sites that could be useful to their readers. You will probably need a bit of a track record first though unless you're really unique. - Start your own Digg / Reddit-a-like on your topic area if one doesn't exist. If one does, use it! - Start a podcast on your niche. Interview people. Start with lesser known people and work your way up until you have a good track record. Heck, even just interviewing people by e-mail and putting it on your site is a start. It's all about adding a human element. - Have a Google Alert on keywords relating to your niche. Make sure you know all the news and make sure you get commenting on any blog that even mentions your niche in some way. You need to become known. - Subscribe to both ProBlogger ( http://problogger.net/ ) and CopyBlogger ( http://www.copyblogger.com/ ). If you haven't visited them before, exhaustively read their archives. They are PACKED with tips on how to promote niche blogs. It is important to remember that the techniques you use should be based upon your target demographic. If it's bridge playing retirees, then Twitter and Facebook probably aren't going to cut it.. whereupon I'd look at editorial mentions in magazines, etc. Added: Check this out too: http://jessicaknows.com/2008/11/15-days-of-marketing-day-one... My biggest problem is with stores that try too hard to be innovative and end up making the process harder. But then, they don't frustrate me too much as I just won't use them. Other frustrations: - Gauging availability - Having easy access to shipping cost info - Offers or product names that aren't links. If something says "T-shirt sale, $10 each" I want to be able to click on that to see that sale! - Lack of a categorized view. I want to easily see OTHER products that are very similar to the current one. If I'm looking at a blue shirt, I want to easily find a yellow one (say). - High shipping costs. I gotta admit, "free shipping" gives me an instant shopping boner, even if it makes no sense. It just makes me more likely to buy. - Lack of details. If electronics equipment, I want access to the full specs, including dimensions, etc. If clothes, I want to know the sizes and what scale was used (e.g. US size, UK size, or what?) - Ridiculous registration requirements. I don't want to fill out a 30 field form to become a "member" of your shop. Ask for the absolute minimum to start and then get the other info over time as I become faithful to your brand. - Lack of any review functionality. Sometimes it doesn't matter, but on many items it does. Even if you're just getting reviews from elsewhere, I wanna see them. - Sites that don't fully use HTTPS through the whole checkout process. Things I would like: - Better search. - Support for tagging. I like browsing by tag. - "Random" product link. Not for every store but on some it would be awesome. I like browsing! - Make it easier for me to browse when I don't know what I want. (I think I've made the point now, lol) - Offer a clean but powerful advanced search. If I want to buy something for $5-$10, I should be able to limit searches to that. - "Similar items" when looking at an item. Even if it's just a few with similar names, it helps. - Easy access to high resolution imagery of the product. Let me click on the thumbnail / smaller image to get more awesome shots. It's a big deal when you're looking at the positioning of ports on a notebook, for example. - Cheaper and more expensive alternatives to the current product. This is a touchy area for the actual store providers but as a customer I want to quickly work with my budget. Sometimes I want to spend more on something better, or sometimes less. - Products on the front page of the site. I don't want to have to dig just to reach a single product. Things I don't care about: - Comparison tools. Most are useless. If I really want to compare something, I'll load them up in separate tabs and just figure it out after looking at them both. Very few products come down to a spec by spec comparison. - Splash pages. - Overuse of "theme" imagery. A common problem with clothing sites. I understand building a brand, etc, but in the store section, give me product. I use any site that seems professional and competent if I want something I can't get either at Amazon UK ( http://www.amazon.co.uk/ ), Play.com ( http://www.play.com/ ), eBuyer ( http://www.ebuyer.com/ ), or similar large sites (those are all UK examples, just because that's where I live). eBuyer is worth a look actually, as they've tended to implement a lot of the features I mention above, such as full specs on most products, high res images, easy browsability, etc. They might have some ideas you can "be inspired" by :) Oh, to add to my previous list. If I were in the US, I'd want to see the price including tax (alongside the regular price) if I were in the same state at the store. Having the price leap up at checkout is not nice (as I constantly whine when shopping in the US). Regarding aggregation: I don't use rss at all, no feed collection, no feedreader. I'm an extremely heavy user of RSS and RSS-like technologies, but I don't (and probably wouldn't) use them for shopping related things whatsoever. If a product is unavailable, I like being able to put my e-mail address in to get notification of availability though :) The only exception to the above would be if we had something like woot.com in our country. I'd quite like to get an RSS or Twitter notification of that :) Something else I realized I always do.. If I see a "promo code" box when buying, I always Google for a promo code for that store, or try retailmenot.com to see if they have one. Sometime I get one, sometimes I not, and I feel a teeny-weeny pissed off when I don't find one that works as I feel someone else is "beating" me. So.. perhaps seeding a very, very tiny discount promo code out there for people like me would make me remember your store more because you let me "win" for my ingenuity :) Just as a data point, I get those all the time. I get tons of legit e-mail for other people too - I don't get it! :) Perhaps the poster is looking to eventually move to the US with an L-1 visa (company transfer). I've certainly considered it. It's one of only a few ways to make it into the US on a semi-permanent basis as a self employed person unless you're ridiculously famous or rich. Unless you plan on hiring someone to work for you (not some outsourcing deal, but an actual employee, or a sales person on commission who you can get excited ) I think you should focus on selling it yourself, since you know it best, can gauge the quickest whether it's actually sellable, and you're passionate about it - the most important thing! You can always outsource the sales later once you've figured out the best techniques, the most common objections, etc, and can instruct an outsourced team on those issues. So where do you find the time to do this for real if you have a day job? Take a week of vacation time as soon as possible and work your ass off during it. If the margins are huge and interest is high and you can sell it well, then keep doing that and quit the day job. It's next to impossible to be anywhere near accurate without knowing the topic of the site, its niche in the topic, etc. But.. based on the profit alone (assuming that profit takes into account the costs of continual content development - if required) $150k would be a bare minimum IMHO. Since the "growth trend" probably relies on you and your plan somewhat, a purchaser is not going to be so interested in those speculative numbers. Serious question: Other than this is written by a programmer, does this story have any relevance to Hacker News? Why is that a bad thing? It is awesome if someone is intellectual and job focused, but it's similarly fine if someone is not. We can't all be paper pushers or professors - we should be grateful to those in the service industry. If we didn't "lose" people to "low-skilled service jobs" then there'd be a lot more competition for high end jobs, which would drag up costs across the board. I left school at age 16 and have been self employed since age 17. If I'd had to stay until 18 (as they are now doing here in the UK) I doubt I'd have been involved in the startup scene and had as much success as I have, because I would have gone on to become a lawyer or a member of some other "profession." Locking up free spirits for another couple of years might not look like a bad thing, but at that age you're very impressionable, and if you're always being told that getting a degree and a "career" is the best thing, those two years could be the death of your creativity. It's a bad thing if those in the "low-skilled service jobs" are there because they gave up on something bigger. Are the people with the drive and ambition to do something bigger the type to give up? It seems like a catch 22 to me. There are many successful people who grew up poor, uneducated, and even in violent family situations, but are now successful. They may have even had a "low skilled service job" at one point. It's good we have people to work those jobs - we need them, and it appears to be no serious impediment to true ambition and skill. Likewise, it would have been bad for the likes of Steve Wozniak to have lived his life as a cubicle-dwelling random engineer, rather than to have blessed the world with his bigger ideas. Without Steve Jobs' endless gusto and encouragement, that might have happened. It's not necessarily that we give up on things and end up with crappy jobs.. it's usually that we have crappy jobs and then things come along and inspire us out of it. He took a very long time before he got to it. The point the top 50% makes it a pretty good one. There's a real race to the bottom going on on the App Store.. :( Whenever you get involved, there's always something new under the sun. There was in 96, there was in 98, there was in 2004 and there will be time and time again :) Quite a funny tale! Rather ingenious on this part, too. While the "accomplices" were innocent in this case, it makes me wonder whether "crowd-crime" will become common in future. Rather like flashmobs, 30 criminals could easily co-ordinate a mass shoplifting operation and the sheer numbers would overwhelm (and even intimidate) any security that was present. I read a story a year or two ago about gangs of hundreds of poor children robbing tourists on beaches somewhat along these lines. All good points, but I don't see the genre-specific connection to the sort of things we usually discuss and find interesting around here :) All of those things are general things that everyone should pay attention to. Its agnosticism is attractive in certain situations. Rails is rather tied to ActiveRecord (Merb uses DataMapper by default, but you can choose others) and Prototype (though Rails has an unofficial jQuery plugin)). Merb was designed ground up to be agnostic on database, view and JavaScript choices. Merb is "lighter", faster in many situations, and has a different "flavor" generally, that you'll either love or feel indifferent to. It was designed to be thread safe almost from day one so this element is well tested, whereas Rails is only just getting into that area with Rails 2.2. Disclaimer: I like to support Merb, but I'm still a Rails user generally. 'They will cost approximately $25m [£13m] each. For a community with 10,000 households, that is a very affordable $250 per home.' Make that $2,500. Somewhat less affordable. That's a $2,500 capital investment for electricity that's about a third of the going rate, so it'd pay for itself reasonably quickly (within 5 years, I'd guess). All this said, if they're safe, easily positioned and cheaper than the regular power grid in base costs, surely the power companies would be interested in rolling these out to lower their own costs? You'd certainly reduce "cost of transport" issues that exist with the current system. Like the $1/watt solar panels, I doubt we'll be seeing these real soon, no matter the promise, but I hope places like Antarctica, remote island communities, etc, get them first. An alternative: http://hacketyhack.net/ Small Basic appears to have a rather clunky syntax, despite having a very small number of keywords and built-in methods. These odd little bits of syntax can throw newbies off. I disagree that it has to be one group vs another as you seem to have concluded. I think it's more like if you're in a traffic jam. Everyone in that traffic jam would probably believe that the traffic would flow better without so much traffic. This is a reasonably assertion, and turns it more into your second assertion: the people WOULD clearly be much better off without so many people That's not a "roundabout" statement. The meanings of "people" are slightly different in the two positions. More accurately: humanity would clearly be much better off if the population were lower For Ruby, consider Scrubyt: http://scrubyt.org/ If you're wondering why, well, consider this script that "learns" how to scrape Google results (from one supplied example of output data): google_data = Scrubyt::Extractor.define do fetch 'http://www.google.com/ncr' fill_textfield 'q', 'ruby' submit link "Ruby Programming Language" do url "href", :type => :attribute end next_page "Next", :limit => 2 end puts google_data.to_xml Reads almost like English in the scraping part! I just wanted to add that I've never been raped by these two startup founders either. A writer with a backer / publisher, maybe. It'd be hard for an independent writer to do it for fear of crossing the lines and getting sued ;-) That’s why they constantly pick on little guys like Giles, Obie, and myself Who's picking on Obie Fernandez? It impacts me as a developer because this potentially diminishes DHH's credibility in my eyes, and as the Rails BDFL, this has the potential to impact how I approach the platform I use to make a living. Don't let it. Put it this way, I'm definitely no unconditional member of the DHH fan club, but his contributions to the Ruby world are streets ahead of Zed's. Whether you think Zed is great or not, none of that detracts from what DHH has done. DHH is pretty direct and a "good guy" (usually - Rails logo idiocy overlooked). DHH has not, in my experience, tended to be passive aggressive - though there are many in the Ruby and Rails pantheon who are. I concur with tptacek's opinion above - all of his posts in this thread are on the money. On ZS's part, as interesting and amusing as these cries are, he's crying in a showman-esque way - just sit back and enjoy the show. (Don't believe me? Try: The one thing that pissed me off about the Mongrel project was how it destroyed my career path. -- Destroyed his career path? It was a semi-popular project for a minor language - get a grip.) My qualifications to make these statements? Not as strong as those for some others, but I've been a Rails coder since 2004 and run the largest Ruby blog so I believe I've seen a lot of what's gone on. since he is starting to think of himself as a small business and not a start up. Startups are a form of small business; viz. young ones. Does that mean I can redeem my dollar for a specific amount of land or real property? Or do you mean it's 'backed' by such property to the extent that I could trade it for such property, maybe -- in which case the value of everything I own is 'backed' by a diversified portfolio consisting of basically every other asset in the universe. That's the whole meaning of money. Money allows us to trade without having to barter with or for things we do not want or do not have access to. Fiat money is only backed by one thing - people's trust in the ability to trade with that money (which, in itself, is usually backed by the government). No more than this is required, though, since if you can trade fiat money for goods and services, why does it need to be physically backed by gold or similar? Fiat money can vary in value, but that's not a bad thing as long as the variations in this value are controlled properly via interest rates and fiscal policy. Summary: NLP is hard. There are lots of complicated academic concepts involved in parsing natural text that I don't understand. I have failed at using NLP in some indeterminable way. Please don't use NLP because you probably can't do anything with it either. This is about as dumb as picking holes in Mythbusters episodes. These sorts of books are not designed to be "hard" science, packed with raw data, and reliable, but dull, outcomes. Books like those you see in the airport, the type that Gladwell, Godin, and the like write, are designed to be science-entertainment. It's just science (or marketing, in Seth Godin's case) as entertainment. If these sorts of books actually get people interested in and reading about science in the first place, it's awesome! There's no way the general public will read dry academic papers, no matter how scientifically valid they are. If people build up an interest from somewhat exaggerated but entertaining books that introduce certain scientific principles, we are improved as a society. Not to rub salt into this whole pile of hurt in the Ruby world lately, but I'm shortly going to be promoting (on Ruby Inside) some rather damning news from the Windows camp in relation to how many significant Ruby libraries are either ignoring Windows or not being transparent enough to make it easy to patch the issues. (I'm not a Windows user, but if Windows is treated like a third world country by Ruby users, it's going to bite us all in the ass.) An interesting, but rather unanticipated (I expect), side effect of your experiment is that even when you post something that's not too contentious, you're getting voted down to oblivion. That shows there are plenty of HN users who do not understand HN policy. PG himself has said don't to crazy levels (such as under -10) unless it's obviously spam or the like.. Agreed. Besides, this post will blow over quickly (as they all do). One thing I've noticed a lot in the past is that I'll post something I truly believe or feel but that's slightly contentious. I'll get downvoted to, say, -4 or so in the first few hours, but then voted up into positive territory over a day or two. Perhaps those who aren't always trawling the site for new items are more realistic in their voting, whereas those who spend more time on the site are hastier and more damning. Your response is to the wrong post. There were no broad claims about the Ruby community in general in mine. But if it's just passive aggression, change the record! Now I'm intrigued whether you'll regain the 83 karma points you lost in that thread with this post ;-) I think you might! That aside, the egregious downvoting of your comments in that post showed a real lack of HN voting standards (that is, not going crazily low unless the comment is spam or totally irrelevant) by many users, no matter how misguided your comments. Something that 58 (and counting) people care about is newsworthy? this whole thing is making people feel very emotional. Serious question: is it? I know people are saying things like "It's so sad", etc, but till now I was assuming that it's somewhat in the same vein as people who say "ROTFLMAO" 99% of the time. They're not usually rolling around on the floor laughing out loud, but they want to relay the spirit of as if they were. That is, it is sad that these things occur, but it doesn't affect one's emotional state due to the lack of connection to the event. Few who aren't personally involved in the story are "emotional" about it, right? If they are, I'm intrigued. It shows an interesting cross over between fiction and reality in the emotional lives of some people - one I'm sure has probably already been studied to death by all the psychologists out there. Aha! Well, my questions still stand for anyone bored enough to ponder them, but yes, it seems in the meta discussion it's bit like the Normal Person + Internet Anonymity = Total Jerk comic strip ;-) Well done, the 100+ upvotes you've got on this post have totally counteracted the negative votes you got on the other post, and you end the day with a net profit. Goes to show.. when it comes to social networking, any publicity is good publicity! Well sure, but it's mathematically amusing that an apology gets more social credit than lost through the faux pas causing that apology, no? I'm sorry. You're awesome really :) An extra collection of Rails 2.2 release related links: http://www.rubyinside.com/rails-22-released-27-links-and-res... I would upmod you with several points of my own karma for this if I could :) Yes, you're right. The upgrades come some thick and fast that code soon goes out of date and can even be viewed by the community as "bad" - yet it was using standards that were "good" months earlier! The way I tend to look at it is like a car. If I have an old app, I treat it like an old car. I'll keep it updated where necessary, but I'll stick to the style of its times. If lots of new gee-whiz features are needed, I'll start a new app. This is less than ideal in certain environments, but if you're agile, working on your own projects, or have the right mindset, it's quite refreshing. It's a cute idea, but I'd sincerely hope my past-self would never listen to anything I have to say now and instead figure it out for himself. I thought a lot of crazy stuff then - probably still do - and I liked it that way. Usually it's a cumulative effect. For example, you might get a write up in a blog that then gets you a lot of karma on social bookmarking sites (Digg, del.icio.us, etc.) and then that gives you the immense traffic that makes you succeed. Do you mark that as being based on the blog write up, on being based on social bookmarking? (which isn't even on your list) That's interesting, because I consider "word of mouth" to mean verbal communication (such as telling people on Twitter, IMing, e-mailing friends, etc) rather than voting up a link on Digg or del.icio.us, say. It's not the general intent ("sharing") or the community that differentiates them to me. It's the action. Adding a bookmark to del.icio.us is quite different to saying "Wow! Check out this awesome site http://example.com/ " on Twitter to my followers - not at a technical level, for sure, but in terms of potential effect. Of course, it's all semantics really ;-) Just to note, warrenbuffett.com is not an official Warren Buffett site. The front page does say this - but this article does not. This doesn't detract from the article's quality - just the provenance of this copy. Society has big problems if 254 words is considered "too long." Should it fit into a single Twitter message to be worth reading? Sure - it's an awesome story and more should do it, but you give the impression that manufacturing is more noble or meaningful than "mere symbol manipulation". Is software a "real, actual thing"? Is cancer research a "real, actual thing"? We can't all work in the industrial sector - nor should we. Info on the Ruby equivalent, rubyllvm: http://www.rubyinside.com/llvmruby-a-compiler-toolkit-availa... "Quality" alternative? There's a loaded title if there ever was one :) How are these better than Silk in terms of "quality"? They're certainly not bad, and there's an awesome amount of choice here, but they're more anti-aliased and less obvious than the Silk icons. Visually appealing, perhaps, but we're talking icons, not fine art. The ability to pay to not give attribution is interesting, however. So, great work, but it seems rude to call these a "quality alternative" to Silk, which remains an excellent set of icons. This is "Teach Yourself C++ in 21 Days" published by Sams and, I assume (apologies if wrong) is pirated in this instance. I own this book. It's pretty good. Uncool that piracy might be being supported here though.. Reviews and such here: http://www.amazon.com/Sams-Teach-Yourself-Days-5th/dp/067232... (not an affiliate link) Andrew Orlowski has made the typical geek mistake of dismissing the value of presentation in relation to content. Gladwell may well twist soft scientific insights into "intellectual comfort food" (as said by Alex3917 above) and this might not be particularly challenging or clever, but it's easy to read, gets readers, and gets most of us thinking about the bigger picture. He's just joining dots in a way that helps idea and an interest in social sciences to flow. Gladwell, Godin, 37signals, Merlin Mann, pg, Hugh MacLeod and 1001 other well known pundits and "idea spreaders" do not claim to be making significant scientific discoveries. They are the lubricant of science, programming, design, management strategies, creativity, or whatever their respective niche is. They give us ideas that are easily digested but then force us to consider our own positions and ideas on their ground. This is valuable in itself. PG et al aren't idea spreaders, they're people who actually have good ideas and write them down. If by "good ideas" you mean "good insights" then I totally agree. However, very few of the ideas that these people have popularized were truly original (in a sense that I feel a "new" idea should be). My original point was that this doesn't matter anyway - if their good presentation highlights a point, that's awesome. These people all know how to connect dots in an interesting way and then relay these ideas. They are (for the most part) not coming up with wildly new concepts and inventions (pg's founding of Viaweb being a good exception to this, of course!) For what it's worth, a lot of people have "good ideas" and write them down. Many of these people go unheralded. This makes those I mentioned successful "idea spreaders" in my book. Which is way more difficult and valuable than being able to work the lab equipment and run statistical tests afterward. Since the insights people have often depend on the hard and boring science and studies to be completed, that strikes me as an odd (or perhaps it was satirical?) statement. Without the lab equipment and "statistical tests" there would be few new confirmed discoveries for us to make these connective insights about ;-) In terms of developing products and services, neither would I. I was joining them for the insights and concepts they all come up with (i.e. pg's essays, 37signals methodologies, Godin's marketing concepts). You can park for free in downtown LA, or even for paid parking.. $8 for the day in Pershing Square, and similar $5-$10 amounts all over the place. I know this is a somewhat unfair comparison, but if the parking prices in Detroit had crashed I'd say there's something in it, but not in comparing to another city with different dynamics. I have good news for you! You can easily live on $15,000 a year in many areas of the United States and you would have all the disposable free time you wanted (if that income was passive, like the $100k you mention). Heh, yeah, I know, I was just light-heartedly picking a hole in the statement many people make about time being more important than money. As an aspiration, it's noble, but when pressured people nearly always find a reason to make more money instead of taking the time ;-) You're right there. All of the retired people I've seen look really old and worn down. Summary: Amazon has a pretty good setup for publishing to the Kindle. He's sold roughly a copy a day since August for a couple of bucks a pop. He seems rather upbeat about this. Back in the 70s or 80s there was a printed newspaper dedicated to printing only "happy" news. It went bankrupt pretty quickly. Sadly I'm struggling to find the citation, but I read about it in an encyclopaedia as a kid and thought it was funny (and learned a little about how grims adults were that day..) With next to no cost and just linking to external stories, this, however, has a chance. Could you turn this into the Drudge of happy news? Who knows - but hey, I think you've picked a pretty good time to try! I live on about $17,000 per year after tax (I'm in the UK though). I have a mortgage, a comfortable style of life, a new car, a contract iPhone, yada yada.. and.. there's no real secret except a) live where the day-to-day expenses are as cheap as conveniently possible, b) spend as little money on frivolities as possible, and c) split the day-to-day expenses with a partner (my wife in my case - half the mortgage, half the property taxes, half the utilities, etc..) I personally think Tesla will and should be encouraged to go on to do great things, but.. Calacanis seems to believe that giving $400m to a relatively unproven startup has zero risk. While he gives some great reasons for giving the loan including, obviously, "interest", there's no consideration given to what happens if Tesla goes out of business in a year or two. That's not to say Tesla shouldn't try because, yes, it probably would succeed, but that's also not to say people shouldn't be wary of giving a startup $400 million .. heck, at least drip feed them the loan. I've voted you up just because it's awesome that you're here ;-) I do agree that if we're going to give money to anyone, it should be someone who can deliver new, game-changing products. I still feel, though, that your piece has great intentions but isn't a good rebuttal to the NYT piece. Non-technological America - when presented with a loan to Tesla or GM - will be thinking of all the people already employed who could lose their jobs at GM rather than the new possibilities offered by companies like Tesla. I just didn't think your post really catered to those people, and they're the ones who make the most noise in this country. This is on the front page at the same time as the WSJ article "Any College Will Do" - http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=381582 - which highlights how it doesn't really matter where you go or who you study with, it's all down to your personal drive and attitude. You are right, but I don't see how that answers the GP posters' point. If Pownce was purchased just to be shut down, then I doubt very many people wanted it to make it economically viable. Very few games reviewers can develop games. Very few people who review music are successful musicians. Reviewers - except when on industry-formed panels - are rarely any good at producing what they're reviewing.. that's why they're reviewers. If you're connected, you get featured. There are plenty of folks out there (even young folks, say 20-30) who are making millions each year from businesses they're not shouting about. They don't get the same sort of self-serving press these digital socialites get, but they're still raking in the dough and having real success. Entrepreneurs have to make a decision. They can either be part of the in-set and get a constant ego boost from the press, or they can just get on with running their business. The smartest people choose the latter. Or social connections. Given Kevin Rose's involvement, it was next to impossible for Pownce not to get more press than it deserved. It was a cheap shot and an unfair dig, but ultimately I still believe you don't necessarily need to be skilled in something to be able to criticize its proponents whether you're tactful or not. In as much as it was a criticism, it was a review of sorts. Democracy relies on this concept of making crude judgements. The "Bush sucks" and "Liberals are socialists" nonsense is crass and often wrong, but people do think that way when voting. If we had to understand politics, economics, and government to a truly informed level, turnout would be in the single digit percentages ;-) Thankfully, he got voted down to oblivion - so it seems like the majority believe it was a cheap shot and not worth paying attention to. Doesn't mean he was any less qualified to express the opinion though. There are a few problems. The first is that journalists are, on the whole, reasonably ignorant in terms of depth. Not in a malicious way, but keeping your finger on the pulse of an entire industry while having to meet deadlines is ridiculously tough - especially if you don't get the freedom to schmooze, put on events, travel, and what not (as, say, Michael Arrington does). They focus on breadth rather than depth in most cases. Further, tech journalists are not known for taking risks to get stories (compare to photojournalists). They could travel to Duluth and profile a start-up there, one in Huntsville, one in San Luis Obispo, and wherever, but the risk is too high of not coming up with a solid story. In the Valley they can rely on their contacts (often well established entrepreneurs who are part of the digerati) to give them more of the same. Outside of the valley? Unless someone in the digerati knows you or you're making some really big waves, the risk of coming out to profile you is pretty high. That is true. It seems once you've put in enough to get onto the PR gravy train, however, paying for it becomes less than essential. They get the people. Stopping Pownce means those new hires won't be working on Pownce and they can be doing whatever 6A wants. Personally, I think this "acquisition" is a hiring technique. Instead of making Pownce look like a failure, 6A acquires it and shuts it down - the creators then look like heroes. If 6A had got them to shut it down and then hired them, they'd look like quitters running away to cushy jobs instead of being devoted to their startup. An acquisition makes it look a lot nicer in PR terms for both parties. The male median income in Santa Clara County is $56,240. 42% above median is "starvation wages"? Even the median income in Palo Alto is only about $90k. Woo, Cal Poly! SLO is my favorite city - sadly, it's a bit too expensive.. Irrelevant to HN, pretty tasteless, and bad advice generally. This is probably not a new low on here, but pretty low. Just an extra data point for you, but I would find some sort of chronological history of 37signals, the development process behind each product, the whole way things have come together, with useful tips and insights interspersed, an absolute must buy. As much as I like the general advice, I think a slightly more narrative piece would be an excellent read. Some utterly ridiculous FUD about Ruby in there. I can't make Java scale.. but that's not because it can't - just because I don't know Java well at all. If you're not already good at something, of course it's easy to say something else doesn't work or isn't any good. I'm intrigued.. do the efforts to scale Ruby and Perl differ significantly beyond their respective base-line performance? Interpreter level threads and multi-process based techniques have tended to be common approaches in both various Perl and Ruby projects I've worked with. Oldie but a goodie. Highly recommend reading this but if you don't want to.. SPOILER - though you should be reading the article first anyway if you care! An accidental downgrade of Sendmail made Sendmail have a zero second timeout on sending mail that ultimately worked out at 3 milliseconds, just enough to hit servers within a certain radius.. I bet there are several pieces of software that could have a zero timeout triggered in a similar way. The difficulty of figuring it out? About the same as with this guy ;-) Whew, leaving emacs open for three months? That's intense. I've had uptimes of up to a year, but I knew I was totally wrong to do so and it wasn't in a corporate environment as this sounds to be ;-) Very nice. If any folks interested in Ruby are reading the article and feeling jealous, make sure to check out RubyInline ( http://www.zenspider.com/ZSS/Products/RubyInline/ ) - it's pretty solid. Might do a direct comparison of the efficiency of the bridging between RubyInline and Cinpy if I get some time. I suspect Python would win just because Ruby's object bridging is quite intense.. He says the company is "not going to give" an engineer 20 people to work with on certain experimental projects anymore. "When the cycle comes back," he says, "we will be able to fund his brilliant vision." Hardly forward thinking. Previous articles have claimed that some of Google's best developments have come out of that 20% time. By cutting it, they're basically cutting their R&D significantly. Google's doing what panicked investors are doing.. pulling out resources in a low market, instead of investing while low to reap when the market picks up! I smell an opportunity.. If you're a startup with a year's money in the bank or an independent developer who can work hard for the next year on some exciting new stuff, you could get a real jump on Google in some areas if they keep this up. Tips and "10 resources to help you do X" content will be the detritus of the social bookmarking age. Though just because they're reasonably easy to produce and provide little insight doesn't eliminate their value. Tips and resource posts can act like a "swipe file" of ideas, providing inspiration and provoking different ways of thinking about things. I might be a complete Photoshop pro, but if I see some tips that do things in a slightly different way, those tips could inspire me to come up with new techniques of my own. That's why all those "design gallery" sites exist.. not so people copy / steal designs, but so creative people can be inspired. So, sure, real advice requires real insight, but there's still serious value in all the tiny bits and pieces that get our minds thinking. You have to do some serious reading just to figure out what Waegis is. This is a great example of when a seemingly good service isn't explained concisely.. fix that, and this could be huge(r)! He's not the first person to make this point in the last couple of months, but it bears repeating in case anyone's missing the point. I think some of the points are poorly timed though: The market is flooded with good people. I don't think it is. All of the truly good people I know are still gainfully employed or doing well with their own gigs. The economy hasn't hit that hard yet to force good people (and I don't mean "good people" in a virtuous way but a virtuosic way) back into hunting for a job. Ditto for all the "cheap stuff" the article mentions. Sure, there are some deals to be had now, but try in six months - it'll be nuts! What really makes the current time good for startups is not the economy, but the fear surrounding the economy. Google's clawing back the 20% time - a serious source of R&D for them - and many companies are reducing their research, halting the release of new products, etc. Work on that fear. Develop and research while other people aren't.. and you'll be in a really strong position by late 2009 or 2010. Awesome. There's also a 2008 Ruby Advent Calendar at http://advent2008.hackruby.com/ Or Nodebox :) http://nodebox.net/ Ridiculously short summary: Different markets respond to different techniques. This is as true in taking a restaurant from NYC to the boonies as it is in shifting (or porting) a Web app from B2C to B2B. Part of getting a business advantage is to realize this and to take advantage of your competitors who don't realize it ;-) But what if you could somehow reach inside the video and swap the offending photo for a snapshot of your current love? How perfect would that be? NO NO NO! Enacting revisionism on your life is a dangerous game. We're all products of our history - changing history is to fail to learn from and appreciate our mistakes. It's the equivalent of going through a photo album and cutting out the heads of people you don't like. It's an activity fueled by bitterness and emotion rather than practicality - and one that's often regretted later on. The technology is cool but this particular implementation is a sad reflection of society - a bit like the advances in face recognition, really. Ouch, that's a pretty big cut :-( The biggest in tech since KLA Tencor in mid November (okay, only a few weeks, but with the pace of change at the moment, still a big deal). Adobe are also not going to exhibit at the next MacWorld - some real cost cutting going down.. http://www.macrumors.com/2008/12/03/adobe-not-exhibiting-at-... Even with Twitter one has to wonder what will happen if it doesn’t come up with a real business plan other than being bought up. Nah, we don't have to worry about Twitter. Twitter is not your usual startup. Like very few startups, it's gained gigantic amounts of cultural exposure. Pownce, JotSpot and DodgeBall were barely known by the general Internet populace. Twitter's appearing in comics, TV references, news articles.. all over the shop. I play around with Twitter but I don’t plan on making it a real part of my daily computing and communication life. I use FriendFeed but I don’t expect it to really go anywhere. I insulate myself with this attitude because I am fed up with seeing all the effort and time people are putting into these so-called businesses only to see nothing of any value coming back. With such a cynical attitude, why use anything? Nothing is permanent! Enjoy the now. Refusing to make Twitter a part of your "daily communication life" is like refusing to buy a new PC because a better one will be out in a year's time. There will always be obsolescence - use what's in the now and get ready to change. Pollution is bad. Pumping tons of CO2 into the atmosphere is bad. But.. won't there be incredibly crazy costs in enforcing these limits? There seems to be a lot of trust in companies "measuring" their CO2 outputs, but that's going to need a lot of enforcement and regulation. It's not like finance and taxation where the money has to go somewhere and can usually be traced. Once you've thrown a ton of CO2 into the atmosphere, you can't tell who put it there - so regulating the initial output would be necessary, to great taxpayer cost. I expect a lot of scams and corruption to occur around carbon credits. If it's going to be a "trillion dollar market", you can bet some real nasty pieces of work will want an unfair cut of it.. and when you can't track pollution with any accuracy (yet) will the costs of enforcement be worth it? Tips or resources that might inspire me to use it. I know there have been some impressive tutorials that have encouraged people to get more into using Photoshop by their effect. I enjoyed a lot of them myself in the late 90s. Considering the DJIA is down 24% on the last four months, this drop sounds about right - assuming they keep some of it in property, bonds, or whatever. It sucks for them, but a 22% drop in a large fund over the last four months isn't exactly news :-( (which is sad in itself) I guess it depends on your operating system, but there are few where it'd be good operational policy to not have key system updates at least a few times a year. They do exist, of course.. I was implicitly referring to routine kernel updates (desirable on most OS - though not all), or other key software updates (especially on OS X or Windows) - rather than forced restarts for stability reasons. It happens. Remember Cuil? As much as you might not be keen on the guy, he proves that good implementation is more important than revolutionary ideas. Neither Truemors or Alltop are really ground breaking in what they're trying to do, but their implementations are pretty good. Why the capital on "Hookup"? I only read the piece because I thought it was an acquisition or "Hookup" was a new framework Loopt had switched to :) His posts are, however, often insightful and usually feature a fresh observation. While these rarely give you step 1 - do this, step 2 - do that type advice, enough insights, when compiled together, can help you come up with ideas and inspire insights of your own. Very interesting. Just submitted that to HN as a separate link. A very new technology though. If you fancy leaving a comment with any insight you have: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=385225 So much cleaner and more consistent. Classic classes are gone for good! Unlike with other languages (which I won't name for fear of offense!) I think Pythonistas will actually migrate to this much improved Python (well, forgetting the 10% performance hit) especially as such focus has been put into making tools to make it easier, unlike with PHP 4->5 (oops..!) This official announcement and summary is a lot better than that linked from that old post. Of course, the HN comments there are worth reading nonetheless. By the same metrics, assuming you've defined any, a lot of things wouldn't exist - particularly languages less popular than Ruby now, such as Logo, ActionScript, Lisp, COBOL, Scala or Haskell. There are tens of thousands of Ruby developers and hundreds (if not thousands) of companies making significant amounts of money, all backed by Ruby. Ruby has had some Unicode support for years. As of 1.9, it supports Unicode directly. * It would be cheaper to just tax the use of foil fuels so this is all about setting up a scam.* Agreed. Carbon credits or fuel taxes both reward efficiency. Just for comparison / further investigation, there's also Sinatra - http://sinatra.rubyforge.org/ It's more "DSL-y" than Ramaze. This article alludes to the point but doesn't quite get all the way there but.. there have been so many egregious data leaks from British agencies lately that it doesn't seem to matter whether data "sharing" between agencies is legal or not. They'll do it anyway when they want to - most likely using "anti-terrorism" as a defense. You do not have privacy in the UK. Your data is not safe in government hands. But.. we need to get used to it, because you aren't convincing them otherwise whether it's Labour or Conservative in power. If we need to get behind something, it should be proportional representation so that we can actually have an effect by voting for new parties to get us out of this mess. I'd agree with that. They'll still be looking around their current salary bracket (or higher) though. The economy hasn't "bitten" enough yet for you to get good people at a discounted rate, and it probably won't get to that stage without some further significant crises. However, using 20% of your resources to pursue random projects is highly inefficient. [..] Well, our entire country has been taking 20% time for at least the past five years. [..] We’ve overspent, taken expensive vacations, built absurd homes (in both scale and quantity), run our savings into the ground and skyrocketed our debt to record levels. Linking between Google's 20% time to our culture of hoarding and overbuying is unfair and tenuous to the extreme. The former produced a lot of R&D and contributed to the greatness of Google's products - the other was economically unsound stupidity by a consumerist society. R&D can not be equated with wasting time and money. Anyone who does so is setting themselves up for failure when the economy rebounds. Yep, move the standard 35-40 hour work week right up to 48 hours. More hours spent at work does not increase productivity unless you are actually producing for more hours (assuming your quality doesn't drop, which it will). France's productivity in the late 90s was a lot higher than the UK's, despite the former having an enforced 35 hour work week. Productivity and time spent at work do not correlate. Indeed, spending 10 - 20 hours more at work each week would probably hurt the economy further as people spend less on leisure activities. If you skip everything until In the technology industry, a 48 hour work week would be, for most, a vacation. most of Jason's advice on what to do next is very good, however. Strictly, strictly, strictly speaking, you're right: 1.8.7 is the current "production" version of Ruby. However, Ruby 1.9 has been around for about a year now (considered a "development" release) but Ruby 1.9 .1 will become the "production" version of Ruby when it's released in the next month (yeah, I know that makes no sense). The current preview releases are pretty spot on though - so we're in a transitional phase. Ruby 1.9's performance is also somewhat better than that of 1.8. On the 1.8 front, Ruby 1.8 has had what's called KCODE for years now, which enables Unicode support for various bits and pieces (primarily regular expressions). More info on this here: http://blog.grayproductions.net/articles/the_kcode_variable_... people will look back on Windows for the novel features that it has and wonder why nobody brings them back. I don't know what bizarro future you envision, but I hope quantum states dictate I don't end up in that parallel existence..! I think you'll see less embedding going on if this isn't turn off-able in some way. It not only takes up quite a bit of space - it steals your visitors' attentions, too. Instead of letting people easily watch videos embedded in your site, you're now giving them the option to get distracted by searching around for something else. This is a good move for YouTube though - more videos watched and more exposure. Under "Performance" at http://docs.python.org/dev/3.0/whatsnew/3.0.html : The net result of the 3.0 generalizations is that Python 3.0 runs the pystone benchmark around 10% slower than Python 2.5. Most likely the biggest cause is the removal of special-casing for small integers. There’s room for improvement, but it will happen after 3.0 is released! I expect it's just a case of removing optimizations in order to get everything stable, then they can start work on new optimizations. I'm not a Python dev though, so elaboration would be cool ;-) The funny thing about the examples shown are that they look like generic representations of the people photographed rather than ultra precise renderings (you know, like how Star Trek figures only look casually like the actors). You could probably have about 100 heads per gender with several hair colors and styles each and be able to pick one close enough to fool all but the pickiest of eyes.. and it'd probably be cheaper than customized fabrication too ;-) Still, a cool idea, but I can't help but wonder if they're too accurate, you'd end up with an Uncanny Valley type effect.. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uncanny_Valley .. who wants to play with a figure that looks just like someone you know (or yourself)? Found it quite fun to do several of these actually - almost like a game :) It helps you spot things or realize what things you're doing wrong in your own designs by just rating others.