Werkzeug had an example with the same semantics (decorator for URL rules and returning strings and response objects from functions) for a long time. But neither did Werkzeug come up with that, the original idea was TurboGears which did it that way. So by that logic, bottle is a cheap knockoff. However, I do have to point out that denied is a joke which should be pretty obvious from reading the source and watching the screencast (and quite frankly, just by looking at the website in detail). Well, the run() function was intended to be a very bad example of API. Because there is that magical application object you never see that run magically picks up. There is another example of really bad API in denied: there is a template render function internally (you have to read the code behind the code to see that) which magically accepts both filenames for templates and template source strings. And there are a couple of more examples of really, really bad ideas in that code. Because I wanted that trendy "fork me on github" badge on the website. And for that a code repository has to exist :) > Huh, weird. This seems to crib very heavily from my original Simple JavaScript Inheritance implementation: http://ejohn.org/blog/simple-javascript-inheritance/ It is, see the AUTHORS file which credits that URL. In fact I was using a slightly modified version of your code for a long time but had to do some changes in order to use it for a project of mine. Basically I need classes implemented in a way that they will work in the presence of any other JavaScript framework. Reason: this JavaScript is injected into unknown code by a middleware system. > It even uses the 'classy' name and logo (stemming from an April Fools joke that I ran that used the aforementioned inheritance implementation): http://ejohn.org/blog/classy-query/ Interesting. I did not know that one. Name was rather obvious and did not return any direct hits with projects named like this so I went with it. The original drawing of that logo is the search result on Google images for "classy" with filter set to linedrawing. Original author unknown, I just vectorized it. > ... but on the whole it looks very very similar to the original implementation that I wrote. Odd. If you want a more obvious attribution than the AUTHORS file, just let me know. Other changes besides hasOwnProperty, the ability to use the library without modifying window, and $ prefixed names so that it does not clash with custom attributes is a more python/javascript inspired naming scheme for special methods and attributes (__init__ etc.) and support for mixins. Also attributes are properly removed if they were unset previously and not just reassigned with undefined and classes can be instanciated without new like in Python. Can't count how often my code did funny stuff because I forgot new there :) All in all, the idea is to have that fairly common piece of object orientated JavaScript class bootstrapping under an open source license so that anyone can use it. I hope I succeeded with that. > The reversal of the "extends" paradigm is interesting. It seems very natural. What made you go with that? I think the earliest version of that was prototype which I think used Class.create and Object.extend. I've seen that in many JavaScript class implementations so far. > I use Crockford's object.beget rather than normal JS constructors, and that works quite fine. Crockford's beget patches on Object which I think is a terrible idea. The main reason why people create class libraries on top of JavaScript is the constructor problem (that setting up the "inheritance chain" triggers the constructor even though we only want the prototype). "however i am not using werkzeug anymore as i don't like the way people act in #pocoo on freenode. this is the only reason i am not using werkzeug. they are ignorant and i don't like it." Would be nice to know if this is a general thing or if we did something in particular wrong. Because if that is what you remember of this channel we should really improve our behaviour then. So it would be nice if you could elaborate on that. I'm embarrassed it had to come to that, but the testsuite was lacking tests for templates in folders and a bug sneaked in. Hopefully it will work with any WSGI application because even Django applications might use WSGI components and thus have a custom WSGI application object. posixpath.normpath can never leave ./ in front: >>> import posixpath >>> posixpath.normpath('./../test') '../test' > The author also makes a common mistake: blacklisting as safe string escaping. Which is why it says "at the very least". Werkzeug's secure filename function explicitly only whitelists characters in filenames. > Moreover, this whole article embodies the statement NEVER, EVER, IN ANY CIRCUMSTANCES TRUST USER INPUT. The problem is that often you will assume that certain APIs were written with that in mind when they were not. os.path.join for instance looks very innocent. I expect my database abstraction layer also to handle SQL injection projection for me, so I would be very confused if SQLAlchemy turned out to not escape strings passed in as placeholders. Sympathy or not, these things happen. > I really hoped Armin would come around, and I committed to Werkzeug for a new project with eyes on 3. All commits to Werkzeug are currently happening with a port to Python 3 in mind. However I am not going to do the same mistake the standard library made in many parts and change the semantics of the library for Python 3 and trusting 2to3 to do the correct thing. A full port of Werkzeug to Python 3 will take time but it will happen eventually. The point here is that everybody should go with Python 2.7 and write the code forwards compatible. Then you have all the options (of going with PyPy if you need and upgrading to Python 3 if it's worth the effort). All I can say right now is that so far users are not too eager with Python 3 yet and I have limited resources as well. If anyone wants to help out, I am more than happy to assist in any way possible to make Werkzeug run on Python 3. I also monitor changes in the stdlib that could affect WSGI on Python 3, so it's not that I'm ignoring it. Python is not on the way to suicide. All I said was that right now you shouldn't be too concerned with Python 3 yet and instead make your own code upwards compatible. If your base Python version is 2.7 upgrading will not be the biggest problem, especially not if you are working on a high level like you do when you use a web framework. He is not. I had that post mirrored on that website for a blog post about a year ago. I have no idea who submitted that here. In Python versions older than 2.6 and on Google appengine it's the only reliable way to generate bytecode. For things like template engines this is important to not add extra overhead over an already slow language. > If your application's bottleneck is in parsing templates, either everything else is really fast or you have way too many complex templates. There are countless of examples where the template engine is the bottleneck of an application. If you are doubting that, I welcome you to try it yourself. Benchmarking Django's templates and Genshi is an eye opening experience. :) Never trust a benchmark you didn't run yourself. A realistic Genshi template is butt slow. More than a handful function calls per byte emitted is not uncommon. Regarding Django it become a lot slower when they introduced automatic escaping and loop item unpacking a while ago. I have seen many people switching from Django templates to Jinja2 especially because of the increased performance. > It just seems they've been working on 1.3 for soo long. Sam Lantinga recently left blizzard and converted SDL into a commercial project. That shows his commitment to the library, so it's barely a duke nukem forever. Also SDL 1.3 is perfectly useable. > * GL_COLOR_BIT should be GL_COLOR_BUFFER_BIT. This may be a change which occurred between the version the author used and the version I pulled today. Fixed. > Doesn't really mention which OGL libraries are needed. Cmake is amazing :D As the author of said document: The title here is misleading. While this attack is a form of CSRF, doing that does not magically solve all your CSRF problems. It just counters one particular attack vector which are JSON responses. > Because [] is not syntactic sugar for new Array In Firefox 4 and other new browsers this is no longer the case. But right now it's still an issue as many people are using older browsers. I would describe it more carefully. Bottle's advantage that it's self contained and in a single file, however bottle's design also hides away the application object from you which makes it quite hard to have more than one of them. It is possible with the stacked object thing and I think they changed it even to make it possible to do what Flask did, but when Flask started at least there was a design difference there. By now I really would like to see them merge, but Bottle wants to stick to the design idea of just having one file which Flask will never be able to do because of the dependencies. We're getting rid of all the magic we can avoid. With 0.7 barely any magic is left with the notable exception of backwards compatibility. > Some people feel @auth_required() is ugly. That's all. The biggest issue here is backwards compatibility. Nowadays I just make a separate decorator that accepts arguments and keep the old one around unchanged. I learned my lesson :) I could also aim with a bazooka at my foot. Been there done that, lesson learned :-) > My rule is to either work with integer Unix timestamps or timezone-aware datetime objects. A naive datetime object is, well, naive. If it's the number of seconds since the Epoch, represent it as a number, not an object. The object is basically just a wrapper around that number anyways. From the programmer's perspective there is not really a difference. Even in that situation it's a terrible idea to store local time alone. In the calendar situation (which is the exception not the rule!) I personally would store the time in UTC, in local time and the name of the country separated. I would not store the local time alone because what do you show in the calendar if you are in a different country? If the assumption is that the problem is a theoretical one because nobody has appointments in the middle of the night when DST changes come, I present you with sysadmins, rescue workers and other people that do have these things scheduled at odd times. I know that around DST changes many people explicitly not work over night to avoid these issues. Same with year changes and other situations where computing and time does not work properly. For instance overnight trains in Europe just wait for an hour and do nothing. > You store the local time and timezone. You show the value in whatever timezone the user configured the application. Because local time is ambiguous. During DST changes local time can mean that it happens twice. Your calendar would have to show 4 AM twice for instance and if you want to make an appointment there you would have to select which one you actually mean, thus UTC + local time. But granted, it does not happen often that people schedule appointments during DST switches, but certain professions have to so certain people already have to live with that. > If you store both the Unix timestamp, the local time and the timezone, you have too much information. Nope. That is incorrect. If I store local time only + timezone and someone sets a date during that transition window it's ambiguous. If I store the date in UTC only and remember the timezone that date was intended for I will not be able to account for changes in the timezone. For instance the legislation of the country could deactivate or change DST settings (which is not uncommon). In that case the timezone information of my operating system will change again and my appointment will move without my consent. If I store both I can see if they are still in sync and if not, prefer the local time and rebase as necessary. In practice: compilers usually don't touch expressions with volatile vars. > Can't the system just do nothing to signal it's not ready yet? In an async system that means you either have to suspect execution (for instance by yielding something) or to block. And blocking is bad. > Python 3 support Will come eventually. Right now the topic comes rarely up and it requires a ton of work on the Werkzeug side to make it work in a way that is user friendly. That being said, Flask and Jinja2 are not the problem here. The former easily works on Python 3 and the latter already does (just that we don't have any users on Python 3 yet). I have no idea how the LOC numbers of Flask come together though. Flask itself is 1.4KLOC, Jinja2 is 6.5KLOC and Werkzeug is 10KLOC (all measured without tests). Even if you add them up you don't end up with 32KLOC. > Where does one draw the distinction between micro- and megaframeworks? Or, for that reference, just a "framework"? Here is how we (Flask developers) define microframework: http://flask.pocoo.org/docs/foreword/#what-does-micro-mean Those are not lines of code. That includes docstrings which all of Pocoo code is full of. If you want to measure lines of code you at least have to skip comments, docstrings and empty lines. And for that there is sloccount. This also includes the testsuites btw. With this little script ( http://paste.pocoo.org/show/465885/ ) I get the following results: Flask 1467 LOC Jinja2 6560 LOC Werkzeug 9923 LOC Bottle 1910 LOC (FWIW) > Bottle does what it does with 1/10 of the code that runs flask. Not all of the code that is in Jinja2 or Werkzeug is used by the average Flask application. Also Flask does a lot more than Bottle, even for the same things. The routing system behind Werkzeug itself already comes close to 1KLOC (and for good reasons). Which is why I think that any comparison between Bottle and Flask is pretty pointless, it's not really a fair fight for either. For Flask it was never a goal to have less code than another framework, in fact, from our perspective that's quite a pointless goal. Indeed. The whole concept of when a framework starts or stops being micro is quite arbitrary. > Flask creates new concepts that seem counter intuitive to me at the first look. You don't have to use them. Just do the Bottle way if you prefer. What killed the service for me was the lack of .io domain. > We lost that argument because no one cared I think the Python community in general adopted that Concept though. The term "view function" is much more common than "controller method". Flask at one point even had the term MTV in the docs I think but we just got rid of it and no longer mention any design patterns there. It's just too much confusion. Often enough people jump into the IRC channel and ask how to use "MVC" with Flask and what their question really boils down to is how to use a class instead of a function. Design patterns are good and well, but I think documentation should encourage more thinking outside the box. You are preaching to the choir. :-) I will check this, this is just for testing anyways. > Big fan of Flask, so I do hope there will be other methods of authentication (or none at all until you want to save your work). Sorry for that. I thought it would be the easiest way for people to sign up but I guess I will add OpenID as well. There goes my unique flask-extension documentation style. :( It's not very hard to do. The trick is to know a resource that only the user can access and then trigger an HTTP request to it. For instance if you have website a and say the user profile "mitsuhiko" can only be edited when you are logged in as "mitsuhiko" on http://a.example.com/profile/edit/mitsuhiko you could use this code to see if the logged in user is "mitsuhiko": Why does this work? Because onload is fired if the resource answers with 200 OK, not if it's a valid script. onerror is called for any other error code. So if you know what you are probing for: easy. // Edit: Yes, this is most likely not what Facebook is doing if that's their only method of security. However see my reply to the first comment here about the security aspect for a possible way to solve this problem. > Except something like this would be easily spoofable, ie. you could set your hosts file to make all a.example.com links return HTTP 200's, or open firebug to call user_is_logged_in() and you could reset passwords without any email. Yes. But depending on how gmail works it could me made reliable and secure. For instance if you can share images with gmail users you could generate a unique image for that user, do the same thing with an tag, access the image data with JavaScript, send it back to the server and compare if the contents are the one you shared. I do not have a gmail account so I don't know if this is possible, it it seems like it would be possible for Google+ from briefly looking at it. It would work on any service that allows you to share an image with one individual user. Only facebook knows the image it generated. Since that image is only shared with that one mail address you won't be able to spoof it unless you control that mail address. > The service would need to send out the Cross Origin Resource Sharing headers in order for the image to be accessible via and the service also needs a means for the querying server to test if a certain image is indeed the one associated with the user. // EDIT: ignore what was here, you're right. You are missing the two way communication that is impossible with URL handlers. A URL handler can only transmit information in one way and cannot do that implicitly. The user has to click on that link. > Sounds like the author of the article has no idea what a multimethod actually is then. :-) The author (me) knows what multimethods are. I did however not find a better term to refer to the `iter(x)` -> `x.__iter__()` / `x.__getitem__()` concept. > could you explain why you think that expression has anything to do with multimethods? You can override the behavior of a function based on the types involved. For instance ``coerce(a, b)`` calls ``a.__coerce__(b)``. By overriding ``__coerce__`` for one type you can customize this. Way to miss the issue. I was not suggesting ":=" for global variables at all. I was suggesting ":=" as a replacement for the nonlocal keyword that Python 3 has to solve the issue I was demonstrating. > Obviously, plenty of folks managed to write bug-free code in Python before "nonlocal" was invented. Python has the inverse behavior of CoffeeScript. So that was never an issue. > I wish that he would allow comments on his blog. Why? Hackernews and reddit exist and everybody is free to send me a mail or contact me on twitter. This way I do not have to moderate any comments or deal with spam. > I also wish that he could engage the broader CS community in a proper forum before dissing the language and/or creating a fork of the language. And do what? Duplicating an issue that is already there? Commenting on a dead issue? The author has expressed his unwillingness to deal with this issue so why should I reopen the issue there? > He's overreacting. How am I? I wrote a very short blog post about why I think the scoping is bad and how it caused me problems. Many people asked me on Twitter why I think the scoping does not work as good as it should and since I only have 140 characters to explain stuff there I wrote it to my blog. How else should I communicate that? > CS does have a mailing list, but most of the action happens via github issues. There is an issue about this topic from a year ago which was closed and the author does not want this to be changed. I am okay with that, a language needs leadership. That does not mean however that other people should not know about this issue when they design the next programming language. The CoffeeScript sourcecode itself does not advocate it. It uses functions named like 'last', 'starts', 'ends', 'extend' etc. > As an existence proof, Ruby gets along just fine without it. Missing that Ruby stops scoping variables at a method and uses separate lexical scoping rules for constants thereby avoiding this issue mostly. Mootools still disqualifies itself in my mind by patching around on builtins. The game ships a libmysql library. Unless they got a commercial license for it, that's a GPL violation in the wild. libmysql is GPL licensed as well. > Even if they DID need a license you are out of line to suggest they are automatically infringing and didn't just purchase the commercial license. Well. You do need a license. No question about that. I did not say they are infringing the license, I was saying that unless they bought a commercial license for it they would be. Maybe bad wording on my part but when I read that article the security implications did not nearly strike me as much as the fact that the game has to ship libmysql. I find that much more surprising than the fact that it uses a world writable MySQL database for the editor support. > This page consumed all the resources on my Late 2010 MBA pretty quickly. Not that the real minecraft runs well, but it's far more playable than this version. Well. There are a couple of reasons for this. First of all: yes, it should keep 4 CPUs busy. I spawn of four background workers so it pretty much hogs everything. That said, not only the world generation is slow right now, also the VBO generation is because I do some very conservative invalidation which causes some VBOs to be generated multiple times. I have a lot of stuff that I can do to make this faster and my local version already performs better but I caused some bugs in the coordinate system conversion and my frustum culling. I have to iron this out first before I update the live demo. This version (rendering wise) on my Mac does actually render faster than Minecraft at equal rendering distances. It's perlin simplex noise and there will be a longer blog post about how it works. It's just work in progress :-) Yeah, the world generation is not that interesting in my version anyways. The interesting stuff is how it uses web workers to move that into the background and how the VBOs are updated (or will be once I have finished that). > I noticed something : when the viewpoint is lookint at a flying block wich is not that big, it's lagging the same as looking at the entire world. Is is rendering something in the background which is out of the view? Yes it is. I have experimental frustum culling implemented but something with the coordinates is wrong and it starts to cull things it should not. > But I can't understand why it's that slow ;( Because it's work in progress and in many parts the implementation is just not finished yet. I need to fix the frustum culling, I have to improve the front to back rendering, have to switch to transferred objects for the web workers where possible, speed up the critical code paths and fix the Chrome performance bugs that come from too many VBO switches. The high CPU usage is expected because I spawn off four background workers that peg all your CPU. It's not intended for public consumption yet, so don't jump to conclusions. When I have finished this it will perform better. > Or is this 'demo' asking too much of WebGL? The WebGL part is only half the story. It uses webworkers for the perlin noise generation and this is currently very slow in JavaScript. > "Wait a minute. Sure it's cool, but what's the point?" Learning. I really can't recommend that. SPDY requires an explicit upgrade of the connection. This has not been fixed since OS X Tiger. In fact, they even removed functionality that mitigated that problem. I used to run a small application that would patch the acceleration curves but that API has vanished since Leopard. :-( Would love to get feedback on that btw. I found it quite useful for dealing with our internal API which however is more strict regardings OAuth than facebook is. I had to add some hacks to make it work with Facebook :) > but it won't work with shared pool. `a = 10; b = 10; show_names(a)` will show both "a" and "b") That will actually show nothing because strings are not tracked by the cyclic garbage collector because they can never be part of cycles. Oh wow. I did not expect this to hit hackernews considering the slides are totally not intended to be consumed without notes. Let me just quickly point out a few things before I write up something longer about this thing. First things first: > I'd like to add that maybe Fireteam should have not chosen HTTP as a transfer protocol for games, where state is everywhere and HTTP is stateless. Although I don't feel qualified to suggest alternatives. We have very good reasons for supporting HTTP but it's not the only protocol we're implementing. As pointed out on one slide: HTTP is better supported than raw socket connections on certain devices we care about. > Trying to over-abstract network communication is one of the classic mistakes in distributed system design. We're not doing that. If you look at the slides we're 100% HTTP compliant, we don't make some fancy schmancy protocol on that just uses HTTP as a transport layer but does not embrace it. I have the "pleasure" to use SOAP in the past and this is not what we're after. We're basically treating HTTP as an implementation detail for JSON/urlencoded etc. REST. and we do that by sprinkling a ton of meta information around in the code. Once the request was dispatched to the function it's returned to the valuable information. One layer higher all the HTTP logic happens. The general workflow however is fundamentally different from what I did in the past with Flask or how Django works which also explains the title. I will write something up because I think from the slides alone you get a completely wrong impression about why this is cool :-) I will write something up later, unfortunately there is no recording from the talk and the slides by themselves are entirely useless. > We already have ONC RPC, DCE, Java's Remote Method Invocation, Jini, CORBA, SOAP, and .NET Remoting, among many others. Does this family of failure really need to grow any larger? Just that what we're doing is nothing of that. It's plain old HTTP with JSON. The implementation on the server side is the difference. > Interesting! This seems like something that might work well with 3.0's function annotation support with the ability to specify that the handler's input argument conform to either a the streaming or buffered interface. I thought so, but the annotations in Python 3 are largely useless. They would work if you could forward the signatures through a chain of decorators, but ther is no guarantee for that. I did play around with Python 3 but it's actually not in any way better for what we're doing here. > It feels like decorators provide the cleanest solution currently, but I've always wondered if there are alternatives. Decorators require a routing system that can resolve routing "dependencies". We're using the Werkzeug routing which was designed to do that. The basic idea is that it does not matter in which order you define the URL rules, the routing system figures out the ordering. If you don't have that, you would have to move the definitions to a central file (akin to urls.py in Django) to make this work because you need to define the ordering. We also experimented with having the meta information in JSON files but it was not really worth it. Having it next to the function makes it easier to maintain it. We're not abstracting HTTP away, we're just looking at the whole thing differently. In a way our code is RESTful and considers HTTP a way to implement REST. XMLRPC and other things throw all of HTTP over board with the exception of the entity body which removes all the advantages and reasons to use HTTP. Our stuff gives us an unified API and it's fully embracing HTTP. > There isn't any notion of 'buffered mode' in WSGI. It is just left up to the app to buffer as needed before yielding. Middleware and servers are not supposed to perform buffering. So I don't see how the two are conflated. How am I misunderstanding you? The problem is that you would have to support streaming because you don't know what the inner WSGI application is doing. Our stuff does not work on top of WSGI because of that. At the end of the day it is implemented as a WSGI application but it only uses WSGI for talking to the server. Last time someone submitted a draft of a blog post I accidentally published on my private blog titled "I'm doing HTTP wrong" about a talk I gave at PyGrunn 2012. I since pulled that and rewrote it to better show what our infrastructure is actually like. I'm more than happy to answer questions about that :-) Yes, we have something for that but it's customized for our type system. But I think I could probably write.something up about Sphinx customization. I haven't done the numbers in a while but from the given ratio I would assume your line checker tool treats docstrings as code. The red part there is for the most part just documentation, not code: https://github.com/mitsuhiko/flask/blob/master/flask/app.py (as an example) I would still recommend SQLAlchemy :-) I just pushed out a release that makes it possible to override the digest in a subclass easier. > I repeat: do not use SHA-1 in new applications. Probably, but not necessarily. It's not like the other sha versions are fixing the overall problem however. > Do not use this module. Even before the 0.13 release I just pushed out where you can override the module easier you could still easily change the hash method with a two line change. Also it's not like maintainers can't change things easily if modules are well defined. And even if the module would not allow changing the hash method easily SHA1 with HMAC is still incredibly hard to exploit. > Note to non-cryptographers: do not use low-entropy (password-ish) secretswith this, they can be bruteforced. (Using bcrypt/scrypt/PBKDF2 instead would fix this.) PBKDF2 for this would be possible, but a terrible idea. The reason why PBKDF2 works for password verification purposes on web apps is because you can rate limit the login entry point. Doing that for sessions or activation links like what you would use itsdangerous for is an easy way to have other people DDOS your app. PBKDF2/bcrypt etc. is not the solution for this problem. > ... when will they ever learn... When will some people on hackernews ever learn to start using their brain. PBKDF2 is not what you use to verify signatures. I think the name should already give that away. //EDIT: and when will I ever learn to read properly. I just realized that the comment was referring to the "salt" part, not the signature. > I forked the project and updated the hashing algorithm: https://github.com/andrewconner/itsdangerous That is not necessary, I adjusted the API so that you can easily subclass it and change the digestmod. > but it's a per-app password, so you can just do run bcrypt once, at startup. itsdangerous has nothing to do with passwords. It's about signing small messages and these messages are obviously created at runtime. > nonsense and just use a really strong secret key That's how you should use itsdangerous: use a strong secret key. > If rate limiting login attempts was all it took to protect passwords, then it wouldn't matter what hashing function you used, since the rate limiting would be independent of that. It does not matter what hashing function you use for the login. It matters in case your database leaks. > The use cases you described (session keys, activation links) are the perfect example of such environments. They are not. Because you don't want to reverse engineer the contents of the message (the message is there in plain text). That's the reverse of what you want to do with passwords. In case of the password you want to brute force what the password is, in case of a signed message you want to forge a signature. > The parent comment doesn't suggest using a PBKDF2-type construction to verify packets, but instead only to generate the secret key used by HMAC-SHA1. That's a one-time operation. I am officially an idiot now. I see where the original comment is going with. Namely the "salt" part of the library, not the verification of the signature. You can just use a different secret key or derive one yourself. I sincerely apologize for missing that and the comments that resulted from that. That said: the secret key is the important part there, not the salt. The salt is just used to alter the secret key that the use of the serializer in two different places for different purposes does not create the same signature. The intended usage of the whole thing is to not use the salt at all but to provide different secret keys. The "salt" part was taken from the original django implementation with the idea to stay mostly compatible with their format. Could that be improved by switching to PBKDF2? Probably, but breaking a lengthy secret key is an impossible operation currently, even with SHA1. > Also, PBKDF2 has nothing whatsoever to do with rate limiting login attempts. That's not what I meant. I meant that PBKDF2 on a server is feasible because you can rate limit the endpoint. I don't want my servers to be on 100% CPU because someone spams the login form. > I don't know what you mean by "lengthy secret key" `os.urandom(120)` for instance. That's what Flask and Django document. I can see how this is not obvious from the documentation which puts a human readable string in there and I will update it appropriately. > Also, HMAC "authenticates" and "verifies" messages; it doesn't "sign" them. "Signature" has a subtly different meaning in crypto. I agree. The use of the word signing for this however is quite widespread and I adopted the same meaning (and implementation) as with the original Django one for compatibility. > SHA256 As it is, the size of that digest is also 14 bytes more and I don't feel happy truncating the hash. The bigger SHA2 versions are even longer. Considering that thing should go into cookies and URLs I did not feel very happy with that. > You would indeed be better off using SHA256. Probably. I was indeed under the impression that SHA2 is based on the same building blocks as SHA1 but I assume that is not the case. That being said: upgrading is not hard if it even comes to the point where it would be necessary. > When using SSL, the remote domain name is transferred over the wire in plain text. Anyone able to sniff the traffic can know exactly what domains you're looking at, even when you're using HTTPS. Without SNI you can only have one domain name per IP so that security consideration is not really an issue. > can someone explain why it's idiotic? It's just very complex and until Python 3.3 it was very hard to split things on the filesystem. See also http://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0420/ Generally I think Brett Cannon has at least one talk online about how the Python import system works which is quite interesting. What you can't do with the Python import system is having an `org.foo.bar` and `org.foo.baz` as namespaces if they are from different PyPI packages unless you do some hoops (pre Python 3.3). > Does anyone know if namespace packages actually work? They used to work somewhat. I had flaskext.* registered as a namespace package but unfortunately it conflicts with pip which is why new Flask extensions name their package `flask_bar` instead of `flaskext.bar`. The exact problem is that setuptools uses pth magic to put libraries into a namespace package which conflicts with pip's idea of installing packages flat into site-packages. > check out the Python-dev thread where this is being hashed out ad-infinitum rather than flamed to death Where am I flaming anything to death here? The sole purpose of the post was to point out that certain things worked in setuptools that broke with the introduction of pip. That's neither bashing setuptools or pip, just stating something that you can observe yourself. It's an observation of an unfortunate effect of someone else taking the work of someone else to make a new tool and missing a usecase that the old tool supported with the end result of having two tools with overlapping usecases, but neither is a superset of the other. With some modifications virtualenv + pip works perfectly fine for us. It just takes some extra work and it's unfortunate that it had to happen. Personal lesson learned: try not to replace tools in the future without understanding all the usecases of the old tool first. > If you want to help I think that's one of the big fallacies of open source: that you should fix it yourself rather than saying that something is not working. I reserve the right to feel unhappy when something does not work and I reserve the right to share my experiences with others without having to feel guilty about not helping out. I tried patching pip to be able to install binary eggs but it turned out to be impossible without replicating all the logic in easy_install because pip by design does not follow it. Rather than making pip2 I decided against it and looked at what the problem actually is: we want to have fast builds. So we could solve the problem by copying over virtualenvs and fixing the paths. Perfect? No! But it's a simple fix and solves our problem. > I didn't see any vitriol in the article. I hope there was not because that was not my intention at all. It's more an observation that replacing things with other things is a dangerous thing because you can easily dismiss parts of the design as “useless” by accident. I had the feeling that happened when ditching setuptools and that's a mistake that problem should not be repeated. I made that mistake in the past already at one point where I tried to replace the Python logging library and I missde perfectly valid usecases in the process. > edit: also they work fine with pip so not sure what armin's issue here is. See this issue which ultimately made me ditch them: https://github.com/pypa/pip/issues/3 > That isn't the takeaway I got. It was that Setuptools is broken, but so is pip and distutils2. Pip lost very worthwhile functionality that exists in setuptools, namely binary eggs. The takeaway should be that it's very easy to miss usecases by accident when replacing tools with other tools. > This is what needs fixing! Pip with access to compiled windows binaries. That's the same issue really. Pip can't install (by design) binary distributions. Neither eggs nor .exes. So you are limited to easy_install on windows in many cases. > What is really ridiculous is to flame about how there is fragmentation in Python packaging, and COMPLETELY IGNORE the ongoing efforts which have made progress in exactly that area. And if someone tries to mention this progress, call them irresponsible. That is ridiculous. It was pointed out in the past already that packaging/distutils2 is not yet implementing all functionality of setuptools. Right now I would not recommend using it personally. Then again, just my opinion. > I didn't put binary support into pip because (a) it didn't work well on some systems, and (b) I didn't use the other systems. I am not aware of rejected patches to support binary packages on Windows (where it would be nice to include), or even rejected patches on other systems (where I think it would be misguided). I did not even manage to come up with a patch that adds binary support. I looked into it one or two months ago and the way pip finds and installs packages is very different from how easy_install does it. It looked like too big of a task for me to do in the time I allocated for it. Until two months ago I did not care at all about binary distributions. It never was an issue for me. Suddenly a requirement change and I was presented with a problem that turned out to be tricky to fix with pip but easy as pie with easy_install. This is not a criticism on either pip or you as a person, just an observation of how easy it is to miss something because it does not fit ones personal requirements. I certainly did not care about binary eggs until I had to deploy code to more than one machine and wanted to have the ability to quickly switch between releases. > And admittedly the code is hairy too – but who wants to fix that? I don't! No one does! Yes. And now it's getting replaced with a new system and I hope that's not going to make the same mistakes. I certainly don't feel like I'm up to the task of making a replacement for distutils/setuptools. > This is a very hard feature to live without for everyone. I never ever uninstalled a package since I started using virtualenv. I always just trash the venv every once in a while and recreate it from a requirements.txt. > Hi, that's Martin Sustrik here. Couple of points: Out of curiosity, was it impossible to prevent the fork from happening? I do like the idea of ZeroMQ quite a lot but this can only work if it will end up on kernel level at one point and if two projects compete for that spot that probably does not help its cause much. > In the author's situation, the normal loop of the client shouldn't be to just call blocking receive forever, as he discovered. Instead it should loop, polling the socket with some reasonable timeout, and between iterations do things like check for shutdown signals, parent process exiting, and the other typical housekeeping tasks. Then you only call receive when poll has told you there are messages waiting, and then you call it without blocking. I think in my case the confusion behavior came from the fact that I started using a project that used ZeroMQ and build part of its implementation on REP/REQ sockets and showed that behavior. Then I went to the ZeroMQ documentation and it does not present the REP/REQ examples with a caveat that they might block the client if the "server" goes away unexpected. > I wonder - is there any MQ that does not suck ? ZeroMQ is not an MQ but it does not suck. That particular behavior is just confusing and should probably pointed out in the docs, even if it's supposed to be obvious. Also it would be nice if you could poll for transport level disconnect events. > As I explained, for me that day will only come when I switch out a ton of libraries whose bugs and warts I had to painfully work around, as the maintainers have either left or explicitly replaced with different libraries. I question whether this effort is worth it. I can't see myself dropping 2.x support anytime soon. > I've never heard of any plans regarding JIT in CPython. You might have mixed it up with PyPy or Unladen Swallow. Both of them use JIT to speed up their python interpreters. Unladen swallow was supposed to be in CPython at one point. For Europython i wanted something that goes with italy :) I was a huge opponent of thread locals for a really long time but I finally had to acknowledge that they make things easier instead of harder. And the reason for this is that thread locals exposed are a very explicit thing compared to magic thread locals hidden somewhere in a framework. The fact that you can do `_app_ctx_stack.top.mydatabase_connection` to get a database connection from anywhere is very helpful. Frameworks that did not expose thread locals still have them. Just special cased for certain things. How does User.objects.all() get to the current transaction? Correct: a thread local. It's just hidden in the core of the framework. Not having a thread local there is nearly impossible, especially if you need to work with foreign libraries that do not support passing in of information. It's just going to cause a horrible API. (Not for the view case, but for things like database connections) Flask does not hide things from you. It is very explicit, honest and upfront with everything it's doing. Is it the best solution? I am pretty sure it's not. I do however think that it's a very viable one. The talk is very advanced and I think I did not make that clear enough from the summary on the website and I learned from that. I also plan on doing a “postmortem” that gives more context into some of the things the talk was mentioning and why it works the way it works. TL;DR: you can't live without thread locals or you have a horrible API. Flask embraces them on every level and tells you how you can deal with the downsides of it. We have builtin support for greenlet concurrency even without monkey patching I should add :-) > Anyone care to explain what these advanced patterns are useful for? It's not intended to be used by newcomers. It's for people that write Flask extensions that should work in a wide range of environments. The word “advanced” is in there for a good reason. > How does this compare with Flattr? It may be slightly different, but is it sufficiently different? Gittip works, flattr does not for the most part. Flattr works probably if you push out a ton of content, but that's pretty much it. If you want to get recurring donations for an open source project or something similar without spending a lot of time with the system you can pretty much ignore flatt. Also you can't be paid on flattr unless you pay others at the same time. German has the separators switched around. I made something similar a while ago but more with a focus on the world gen and larger worlds than the crafting aspect. If someone wants to hack on it or look at code, be my guest: https://github.com/mitsuhiko/webgl-meincraft Funny how the inverse would not work. It's very common for javascript compressors to reduce statements to expressions if that's possible. Even uglify-js does that and that ones is not particularly amazing. You could just use our curlish wrapper ( http://packages.python.org/curlish/ ) which just wraps curl directly. You get a nicer UI if you want but still the full power of curl. You won't see it confirmed by people because there are NDAs around it. And people that are happy with their Microsoft account managers have no reason to complain on twitter or any other tech blog and get into potential legal trouble :-) If only there was a preprocessor in the language that could be used to hide the keyword from older compilers. The web community needed a word and that one was chosen I guess. I am more than happy to change the post to refer to the thing with a different name but I could not find one. I would love to switch the default to JSON but people store too much stuff in their sessions that does not work on top of JSON (datetime objects and token objects are the most common offender). In fact the python-openid extension is the most common offender. Also I can't just switch the default because it would invalidate everyone's currently issued sessions. The issue is not new, changing it without breaking things is the hard part. It's a security issue if people leak their secret key. At that point you have a huge problem anyways. Also breaking things assumes that afterwards you are left with an equally functioning system which I currently don't think I can guarantee. It's still inline signalling and might conflict with what people have. Keep in mind that sessions are schemaless. It's not a huge problem changing that and I have a somewhat working implementation but it will break stuff, that's just how it works unfortunately. > Why are we still storing session data in cookies, whether encrypted or not? First of all they are not encrypted, they have a MAC. Secondly because you can verify the basic information of the request without hitting a database which is very convenient. In fact if it would not be for signed cookies Flask would not have any sessions because it does not dictate a data store. However you can easily change that: http://flask.pocoo.org/snippets/75/ > Think of all the bandwidth and latency you could save by not sending those kilobytes back and forth! You are not saving anything there. A session should really only contain user id. For what it's worth, I implemented JSON based sessions for testing purposes: https://github.com/mitsuhiko/flask/commit/4df3bf2058954624f9... They are currently on a separate branch and they are known to break python-openid (and with that Flask-OpenID). I don't have a solution for that yet. If someone is really concerned regarding security you can copy/paste the code into your own project. The session interface in Flask is pluggable for a while already. I should add that this will not be at all the final implementation for Flask 0.10 in case I want to change that. If the change of the implementation will happen I will make itsdangerous (separate Python module) have a way to serialize the custom objects properly and then add this as a dependency. That was my thinking so far in regards to this issue. I do however understand the concerns so I am probably going to evaluate a few alternatives. That's not really true. You could easily add another piece of information to your session that is derived from something stored with the user (for instance a running counter). So if someone runs away with your session you add a button "logout everything" which increments the counter. When the session is accessed for the next time the counter values don't match and the user is logged out. Just that codecs supported incremental operations and base64.b64encode did not. Handling HTTP transfer encoding in python 2 was a matter of two lines and worked on arbitrary stream data. In Python 3 that's now ~50 lines of code with different behavior for each transfer encoding and not all of them support stream processing or have the same interface. Where there are shadows there is light. Better license. Is it that hard to avoid stealing someone else's stylesheet unmodified? That's exactly the same stylesheet I had on my blog until a few days ago: https://github.com/mitsuhiko/lucumr/blob/8ca68485ca230f772b0... Makes me grumpy :-/ > Your site appears to be open source There is no license anywhere which makes it closed source. The exception to this is that actual content published on the website (notice, this does not cover stuff in the github repository of the same name) is under the Creative Commons attribution-noncommercial-sharealike License which is also not an open source license. In a separate repository there is the build tool for the website which is under an open source license (BSD). > He probably should have given credit, but I don't think it would be considered "stealing". It's against my licensing wishes. I generally don't like the idea of open sourcing visual styles precisely because I do not want other people to have websites that look the same. Visual styles are associated with their creators or companies behind it. For the same reason I license work under the three clause BSD license and not the MIT license. TL;DR: source code available != open source. //EDIT: the source code is on github because it makes it easy for people to see changes being made between revisions of articles if they want and it's an easy way for people to provide pull requests if I make a typo. The stylesheets or templates are not licensed under an open source license. In fact they are completely closed source. Don't worry too much about it though because I have since changed the design of my website. You were not the first to just copy the design. I would however prefer it a lot if you changed the design. > why did you put it on github then? For other people to learn, as an example of how to use rstblog, easy way to contribute fixes for typos and my horrible grammar. Also the actual texts after publishing are creative commons licensed (which however is not an open source license). It comes with strings attached. > Are you sure you're not proud instead? :) I am proud that people like it to the extend that they reuse it. I am proud and happy that people generally seem to like what I am doing. However I have an internal conflict with myself how much of that open source spirit applies to visual design, trademarks, logos and more. I spend a lot of time to figure something out for the Flask project and the styles that go with Flask and extensions. There I have them under a full open source license with the added wish to the license to be a nice person and only use the style for Flask projects, however this is not binding because that would make it hard to get the project into debian. What? The only thing with BSD it says is this: > All of the open source stuff I work on is BSD licensed which means you can do with it whatever you want. Nothing about the website is open source work. It says that if I make something open source it's BSD licensed. You can spot open source work because it comes with a license file that has an open source license in it. The website does not. > Armin Ronacher has long been grumpy about Python 3 so don't count on a Flask port any time soon There are different reasons for why I am grumpy though. The things that stop me from porting stuff to Python 3 from the side of Python are largely resolved. In that regard I am just a lazy person and nobody cares about Python 3 YET . As far as the general development of the language goes there is still a lot missing in Python 3 that worked in Python 2 so I am not excited yet. Port will happen though, just have to decide when I will break the API to make it possible. As it stands right now a port won't be possible without breaking Werkzeug's API because it's just one level too low. But you could not complain on your blog then! I wonder how they do it. I was looking at how many changes were necessary to make CPython run on WinRT and it looked like quite a large undertaking. Did they patch mono by hand or is there some open source work available for that? //EDIT: apparently monogame already supports Windows 8. Interesting. Probably not something that required changes in Mono. POST is perform, PUT is replace or set. > I didn't think of it as OSS financing, but rather as a way of making Armin's Friday beers-with-friends free for him. And I am very grateful for that. I would never have expected the amount of support through gittip in the first place seeing where it started out. I am very happy with my job and I don't want to do my Open Source stuff as a living (at least for a while). That however does not mean the concept could not evolve from where it is currently to something bigger. Generally things tend to start strong in the community where the creator came from just because of connections. I remember github being much more Ruby focused than it is today when it started out :-) I can't stress enough btw that I am more than happy with what I get out through gittip :-) It's not that hard until level 8. At that point I got too lazy to actually continue with it :) Time to be an ass and demand the source code because he has to provide it for three years. //EDIT: he does not even link to the violations. Where is proof that someone actually violated the license? You have no idea how happy I am right now that I have a machine that managed to get itself into the state where the only real option is a reboot. I feel like thrown back to glorious Windows 98 days. Especially the amount of debugging information you get out of this service is so wonderful, it was a pleasure to debug. And yet firebug is still the better console. Why do fancy things like tilt and this input box have priority over getting basic things like the console output under control? Just look at this example side by side and tell me which one you prefer: http://i.imgur.com/tKr87.png I think dying on mars can be accomplished in a reasonable timely manner. Living on mars however might be hard. NAT will never disappear. That does not mean you get the money. Nobody is going to pay out 1.5B to any investor. Because he's an angle investor and quite successful at that. The whitespace rule as stated there is as far as my understanding goes incorrect. Whitespace is allowed between quoted strings and word tokens, not between individual production rules (if that is the term). By that I mean "q = 0 . 1" is invalid, "q = 0.1" however is valid. That simplifies things a lot. If you lex the headers in two phases (handle line continuations and header combination first, feed joined lines to parser) HTTP is reasonably simple to parse. > Responses to this method are not cacheable, unless the response includes appropriate Cache-Control or Expires header fields. The response does not include a cache-control or expires header, as such the method is not cacheable . iOS is in violation with the specification if that's what iOS does and the above specification is the reference. Just encrypt the traffic. This won't work with our games. We verify that the certificate was created by our CA and reject anything else. Someone would have to patch the game to bypass that. It also won't work on mobile phones that people use themselves. We're more in the area of things that actually are not websites than websites. The websocket stuff I added as an experiment and if people want to use our stuff to make HTML5 applications without a proxy server in between. If it's indeed between browser and website someone could MITM it of course if that person can also give you a fake security certificate into your browser. But on the large scale that will never happen. Maybe in corporate networks but I doubt that this will become widespread. > I think frames are awesome. It is easier to build a stream on top of frames than it is to build frames on top of a stream in my opinion (you don't need an extra protocol for starters). Besides that almost anything you would like to do can be expressed in frames, saving most of us a lot of headaches. Maybe I'm just old fashioned but I really don't like the idea of frames forced onto me. I much rather get my data in small pieces and can already start processing data as it comes in than having something buffer up everything and then giving it me as a large chunk. Streaming json for instance over websockets is a lot harder than TCP directly. > It seems strange to me that they use Visual Studio rather than mingw/msys. Do any HN readers know why that is? More widespread, easier to handle, more accepted among windows developers. My personal take on that is that there should be a point in actually attending a conference versus just looking at the slides :-) Don't do this. Your implementation does not work if someone invokes the dscriptor's __get__ by hand which is not uncommon. My implementation takes the shortcut but also still does the correct thing if you keep a reference to the property object. Can you elaborate what's the problem with DRM? Because the IE component is a core component of the operating system that other apps can rely on. Ruby and CoffeeScript do and their syntax relies heavily on it. `foo()` and `foo ()` are different things in ruby, so are `foo[x]` and `foo [x]`. That is significant whitespace. I wish the damn thing would support DNS. We have a bunch of servers to SSH into and I have to use the fully qualified domain name unless I want to hardcode all of them (and there are too many). And here I was hoping for a google codesearch replacement. AFAIK the 2012 air supports more than one external monitor when daisy chained. So what's the tickrate for nature's physics simulations? I want to see it one tick after inception. And I will continue to pitch our curlish instead which does not replace curl but amends it: http://packages.python.org/curlish/ It just wraps curl and adds some nicer options, cookie handling, oauth and colorizing to it. Same command line you are already used to but with some extras that simplify live and make it more enjoyable. Do I have to be PCI compliant if I use them? I agree strongly with that. It's easier to use, solves the deployment problem and does not even force the concept of objects onto a newcomer. And unless you will find a way for a male become pregnant that will never change. For better or worse there are differences between males and females and from a pure economical point of view that results in different risks in regards to employers. How exactly does that however play into sexual harassment on conferences? I think you just won the tasteless comment on hackernews award. > There's no inherent reason that pregnancy should result in women spending less time at work than men, and Danish parental leave laws mean that it's possible for a father to spend more time on 100% paid leave than a mother. The risk to employers is a consequence of local laws and social norms, not an absolute. It's not the time that matters, it's the timing. You can't legally (and you should not) force a pregnant woman to come to work. > There's this horrible idea that sexism doesn't exist in enlightened liberal societies Not all gender inequality is sexism. There are physical and psychological differences between our genders. Case in point: possibility of dichromacy among males versus potential tetrachromacy among females. > And in Denmark, you have no control over when a father might take paternity leave. This basic economic truth you're asserting is a product of society, not a product of biology. And even in Denmark there are days where the mother is not allowed to work for the benefit of the child. And that is a product of biology. Where did I do that? I wish they would ignore their damn differences and get Google's map data back :-/ Next step: invert signal and add them up. Pulse Audio is not perfect but what before was. People were bitching about PA and wanted OSS back. I seriously doubt that many of those actually do anything reasonable with audio. The only good thing about GDB is that it can execute almost arbitrary C code in the frames. Otherwise it suffers from the same problems as GCC in that people decided that being able to embed GDB had to be as complicated as possible and it shows. > (also note that pygments chokes on my perfectly valid ruby file, at `%r(\\\\)`) Pygments was actually better at lexing ruby at one point but the regular expressions were too complex and some other bug fixes broke other stuff. I think at the moment it's good enough. But yeah, I was in the same boat. I learned Ruby for Pygments. //EDIT: vim does considerably worse on that file btw. > - Why do I need a class for streaming JSON - Python's got a perfectly good `yield` for returning tokens in such situations. See the msgpack-cli example at the bottom. Say you have a function that returns a generator for tokens in Python. You would need another function that builds objects out of them. How do you customize how objects are being built? A class makes that simpler because each of the methods are extension points you can override. But yeah, a token stream would be much appreciated. > - Why would I ever design the JSON library to be extendable at the tokenizer level? For instance if you want to skip past objects. That's what we're doing for instance for unwanted input data. That implicitly also prevents hash collision DOS attacks because we never build hash tables for things that we don't want. It also gets rid of the suspension of execution when a garbage collector runs and cleans up a nested structure. I can make you tons of examples where the "build a tree, reject a tree" approach destroys an evented Python server. > - The 2GB JSON example is just weird. If you care about such use cases, you a) most likely have a limit on data size at webserver level, b) use proper formats for handling that size of data (I really doubt there's no better data representation once you get to GB sizes). Try using a streaming JSON API like Twitter's firehose. Most people just give up and use XML because there is SAX or if they go with JSON they newline delimit it because most libraries are horrible or useless for parsing streamed JSON. > You can do the same with python's msgpack as the C# version You can't. The unpacker in msgpack for Python only reads full objects. The C# version lets me go into and out of streaming at will and even skip past objects without reading them into memory. The only thing the Python version of msgpack can do with the unpacker is buffering up bytes internally until an object is ready. That object however could still expand into a 10GB blob of data which I would then have to postprocess. > IMO, the Flask example is pushing it - considering how large a job rendering a template is, the number of customization points is probably appropriate, but at some point you're going to get lost in a rabbit hole of wrapper functions that call wrapper functions The actual implementations do a bit more. I have pretty much overriden every single part of that at one point, if for no other reason than debugging. Some of those hooks were added later because people requested them. > It seems to me that the writer has little experience of not using classes, so wants to solve every problem he has with a class. That's a bold statement. Where is the trend to forcefully avoid classes here coming from? Classes are a perfectly valid tool in Python to solve problems. Someone sent me a mail this morning proposing a dictionary with callback functions in addition to a function as if that would solve anything. > Classes hold state. More state adds more complexity, and typical OO design add lots of layers of indirection which also add complexity. Most of the time, you don't need the flexibility that the extra indirection gives you. So you get complexity for little benefit. Functions hold state as well, they just encapsulate it. You can still break up your algorithm into a class with multiple template methods and then encapsulate it in a function if you're afraid of leaking state elsewhere. What I see instead is that people can't get rid of state and put it as global variables into Python modules. Case in point: pickle. It uses sys.modules and pickle.dispatch_table to store some of its state. > If you don't need to hold state, then a collection of functions will usually suffice. In Python, you can use modules for this. Classes have another advantage: virtual method calls. If one function in a module calls into another function in the module I can only do two things: a) copy/paste the library and change one of the functions or b) a monkeypatch which modifies a shared resource someone else might want to use with the old semantics. A class I can subclass and change the behavior for each method separately. We're using salt and while it's incredible buggy still it's the most impressive system we've used so far. It's faster than anything else because it does not go through the process of signing in through ssh and creating a unix session. That might sound like a boring detail but it opens up many possibilities by doing things like asking all machines for their system time and then doing something with it. Periodic reminder to the Linux and free software community of the damage they made with their ideology wars against the Mono environment. Mono is now the most popular game and one of the most popular app development environments. :-) Kudos to Miguel and the rest of the Xamarin team, the update looks amazing. The fact that it does not use a subshell makes it useful. You can trivially use it in bash scripts and cronjobs. I regularly write scripts that involve more than one virtualenv. At the moment this is trivial by just activating and deactivating envs from one script. Starting subshells is complicated because communication into the shell barely exists. Worse than that is that the shebang only supports two arguments and is heavily length limited. There is a good chance I will not attend your conference if it's not payable through PayPal. As a customer the extra safety net is very reassuring. Last time ubuntu replaced something we ended up with upstart ... While I do not recommend people to generate XML with Jinja2, it's actually not to bad at doing that. It will escape properly for you automatically and unlike many other solutions in Python it actually supports streaming. And just for the record: for firefox users there is fox to phone: http://www.foxtophone.com/ > Which everyone wants of course. Except me. Or my girlfriend. Or my parents. Or my sister. Or in fact, everyone I know with one. Even my mother has a problem with that on her iPhone. I installed her Dropbox and hooked up some of her apps on the same phone to the same account so that apps can share common data. Otherwise you have apps that take pictures and you can't mail out those pictures etc. I found it a bit disappointing that the divio slides look nicer than the final result. I loved the clean look of the original design. “Intelligent routing” is round robin and requires knowledge of the number of request handlers. It's not intelligent at all, it just means that you are ruling out high concurrency servers. If you would extend the whole thing to have a negotiation protocol that lets the load balancer know how loaded the individual backend processes are then you could start talking about intelligent routing. That however currently does not exist in the Ruby world. I suppose the trick with the navigation only works on certain touch devices? Does not work on my phone. What ever happened to talking to people and resolving a conflict without involving the internet? :) That's to be expected. Flask builds on top of Werkzeug, itsdangerous and blinker whereas Bottle reimplements part of what Flask and the dependency libraries provides itself. However for the vast majority of applications having strong foundations to build upon is the right thing to do. What novel concept :P Why is it aufs instead of unionfs? Not that I have a preference for either but I am curious :) Connection pooling in postgres can actually be counter productive with high concurrency. Postgres scales very badly to high number of connections. > I'm curious to know the reasoning behind removing the implicit self? Less confusing for a user of when self is there and when it's not. Now it's always there and you don't have to know what the absence of self would indicate. It's too early to take numbers until the new task scheduler lands. Also the compiler in general is not very fast yet. Speed of the compiler itself. I understand it's not related to the benchmark discussion as such but it's the first thing someone will notice new to rust. Compiling rust itself takes for ages. > If someone buys it like crazy, why would the price go down? If someone has all the bitcoin in the world, why would anyone want some? Rust is interesting enough that I'm pretty sure it will do with or without Servo. > Flask I don't know about Sinatra or anything else but I can give you the reason why Flask out of the box performs like it does. Unlike PHP Flask is threadsafe and uses locks and thread or greenlet local storage. This level of indirection adds a basic performance penalty when executed on a single threaded server like gunicorn. There are ways to change that if you think that becomes a performance problem by replacing the stack object with one that does not do dispatching and by removing the locks. This in theory is easy to do, it's just generally not a real issue since most Flask apps will actually wait on database more than they waste CPU time. Additionally Flask has a huge request handling overhead which will be primarily noticable in dummy benchmarks that don't do much in view functions. If you have an application that actually barely executes anything in the views you can subclass the Flask object to remove some of the functionality you normally always pay for (request processors, session initialization, message flashing etc.) Lastly Flask has some sanity checks when Python is not run with `-O` that simplify debugging. Depending on which code paths you hit you might be paying for some of that. In the database test the primary slowness is most likely not Flask but the way the database is configured. Generally if you ever encounter Flask to be an actual performance problem I am more than happy to point you to ways to get more speed out of it. Generally speaking though there is not much point micro-optimizing until you notice it is a problem. > But the other database tests were run against the same DB server and configuration. How can Flask's performance be the DB's fault? They are written against the core database layer or the framework (in case of Django the Django ORM) and in case of Flask: Flask-SQLAlchemy. The default config of both of these things is to not pool connections. That is not true for all other frameworks. Also I'm not blaming anything here, just pointing out that there are differences in the setup. Flask-SQLAlchemy does not use a pool by default. This can be changed by setting the `SQLALCHEMY_POOL_SIZE` config variable though. A lot of these are just plain wrong though or have a good reason and it makes me sad because I know Steve Losh uses a lot of Mercurial which I think has a much worse UI. 1. Silence: you can't alias built-in commands — for good reason. You don't change the defaults of commands, that's just going to cause problems with scripts. Why is it ignored silently? For starters because new git versions can add a command that would conflict with your config that came from an older version. You can trivially see that an alias is ignored by just adding ``--help`` to the command and it won't show you the alias. 2. One Thing Well: I fail to see the problem with that? All of these do the same thing. They check out a revision. With the exception of branch creation which is actually not a feature of `git checkout` but `git branch`. There is just a convenience operation on `git checkout` that also changes branches. The better question is why branches in mercurial are called bookmarks :P 3. Only the Gods: thankfully you don't know which branch something came from. Mercurial fucked me over more than once where I accidentally pulled a patch that came from a named branch that was conflicting with one I already had (you would not believe how many people name their branches "bugfix"). Mercurial's named branches are among the stupidest idea in software maintenance. 4. The Hobgoblin: these are all different commands. "How can I view a list of all tags": that's not what all tags is, that is "what's the list of tags I know locally". In mercurial you can't even figure that out properly because depending on the branch you're on you get different defined tags since tags are stored in the tree. Git's tag system is much superior to that. "How can I view a list of all branches": that's a question you will never ask because it's the wrong question. A branch could show up multiple times. The correct question to ask is "How can I view a list of all local branches?" `git branch`, the second question is "how can I view a list of all remote branches?" And for that the answer is `git branch -r` or `git branch --remote` which makes a lot of sense in my mind. "And how can I view the current branch": Same way you show all branches, just `git branch`. Shows you your current branch as well as all other branches and neatly colorizes it. `git rev-parse` is a command you really never have to use unless you script something. Yeah, some could probably more consistent. The odd one out are `git submodule` and `git remote` which are sub commands instead of using parameters to remove/modify them. That being said, you rarely need to use those. In direct comparison with hg, git's UI and functionality is a present from god. I'm pretty sure hg only has a better UI reputation because git's UI used to be pretty bad. Now however? Pretty sure it wins over hg hands down. > The command addremove is genius That's the default of what git does even without a command. > That said hg is the better choice for big software shops IMO, because of the lower training cost and because they probably won't use github anyway. Considering more people know git I would assume the training cost for hg is higher. > I learned hg before git and the experience of switching to git was shockingly bad. I'm comfortable in both now and the big thing I'd miss if I went back to hg would be git stash (and I'm sure there's a hg plugin for it). What about the index? Or the branching (bookmarks kinda work now I think), or the better remote management? > Isn't that violating 'doing one thing'? Yes. But that violation would also be there if `git branch` would checkout. And in that sense, what's more odd "git checkout -b new-branch" or "git branch --checkout new-branch"? I just find it unfair criticism because hg has just as many UI kinks or just lack of UI to begin with. `hg diff` or how it's randomly split into different commands with a `-p` flag is just one example. How does it ever get in the way? Just add `-a` and you can essentially ignore that there is an index on commits. Git does it on `git commit -a`. > 1. If a new version of git adds a command that shadows one of your aliases, you'd really prefer "git foo" to silently run the new command? Yes. Otherwise command line scripts will start doing horrible things. It was never intended that you can alias builtins, the only reason you might think you can is because it is allowed in mercurial which I think is a horrible idea. > `git checkout -- somefile.py` does not have anything to do with checking out a revision. Of course not. `git checkout` checks out things. You can check out a lot of things. Just because it works differently in hg does not mean it's wrong in git. git checkout does what it says on the tin: it checks out a branch or paths to the working tree. > I like Mercurial's named branches because I don't need to create a branch for every single commit. I think the concept of named branches in mercurial are hugely flawed and were the final nail in the coffin of why I migrated over to git. And I never looked back. > What if you want the current branch in your prompt? Then you use the underlying low-level commands or even better, you cat `.git/HEAD` which will be even faster. Not sure why for your prompt to look nice you need to have non-cryptic commands. Exactly for things like prompts there is the plumbing. > gives you the same power as Git and has a UI where "--help x", "-h x", "help x", "x -h", and "x --help" all do the same thing How is this different from mercurial? If anything mercurial has even more ways to show help: `man hg` which shows the manpage for all the builtin commands . `hg help` which shows a short version or `hg -v help` which shows a long version (which is not the man page). git only has two help pages: man pages for long and short text for short. > gives you the same power as Git I have yet to see this. > More people use git; I'm becoming increasingly convinced that few of them actually know git. And yet I have noticed that people find merging and branching much easier than in mercurial. Few people understand the implications of named branches in hg. > Now my alias is ignored, my scripts are broken and I might destroy my working copy or kill my cat by using it without knowing it now means something else. Your scripts should not rely on aliases you have in your config. Scripts are intended to be used by different people. Ah, it's too long since I used hg. Thought it only picks up deletes. No. Still ELBs. Amazon changed the ELB software silently sometime last week. Our ELBs all started accepting arbitrary methods. Yes. Stuff is happening soon, getting prepared for it :) > Plus: Bottle is quite faster than Flask, even if you count the overhead of a DB query: If you see bottle being faster than Flask in a real-world benchmark and the difference the problem there are still knobs to turn if you need to. Flask does not optimize at all for Benchmarks and you pay for some overhead out of the box for a better development experience. The problem is that there is nothing that can replace rst currently. The reason Sphinx uses rst is because it's incredibly expressive and extensible. This is incredible important if you want to write good documentation. For instance you can use `.. versionadded:: 0.2` to indicate that something was added in a specific version. The builder then render a nice and consistent block that can be styled in whatever way necessary. You can use :ref:`bar` to reference something in Sphinx, :kbd:`alt + k` to indicate a key sequence etc. We could not have used Markdown for this without making a new dialect of Markdown. Also unlike rst Markdown is very ambiguous and restrictive. There are certain elements you can't use below others. That very, very rarely applies to rst. For instance you can without a problem have code blocks in tables or code lists in tables etc. > My question is: how are they made? Keynote, Powerpoint, HTML...? Are they made with the help of a graphic designer? They look completely outside of the reach of the average technical developer. Or do they use a pre-made theme? author of the talk/slide-deck here. I make all my slide decks with Keynote, primarily because it has the best font rendering and presenter display out of the options available on OS X. They do not use a pre-made theme but I'm always looking for inspiration from other presentations and websites. Might be out of reach for the average technical developer but that's just because the average developer does not do slides. That stuff can be practiced. My slides got considerably better (I think at least) the more presentations I did. Nightly does that now. > Python 3.2 has never been a problem It's not a problem if you are willing to litter your code with calls or upgrade a ton of code in 2.x to unicode accidentally. There are just too many cases in 2.x where that is a terrible idea and introduces subtle bugs. I very strongly recommend against `from __future__ import unicode_literals`. If anything go with six. In regards to supporting 3.2: I don't think anyone cares. The number of people currently using Python 3 is pretty low and a lot of libraries are already dropping 3.2 support. Requests, MarkupSafe, Jinja2 now all dropped 3.2 support and with that a lot of stuff that pulls in dependencies to those will now also depend on 3.3. I still think people should stick to 2.7 for at least another one, two years and at that point a lot will have changed. //EDIT: wrt __str__ returning utf-8 data: __str__'s encoding is undefined but usually accepted to be > ASCII. Django and Jinja2 for instance returned utf-8 there for years and it did not cause any problems. That again depends on how much you do with strings and integers and how many modules you construct. PyInt is gone, PyUnicode is now PyStr, module construction uses a vastly different system and on 3.x you want to support the stable ABI which looks a bit different. So will latin1 `__str__` on Russian locales. So will ASCII `__str__` on any locale that is not ASCII compatible. You can't expect the impossible. In regards to cases where unicode_literals is a terrible idea is any piece of code that then suddenly gets a unicode string which does not expect it. Because unicode coercion in 2.x spreads like a cancer you might not see the failure until someone uses your API. I still have to fix bugs where people accidentally send things coerced to unicode to an API that does not support it. Additionally: newcomers still should not be using Python 3. There are just too many remaining issues that are annoying to deal with. Fair enough. As I said you can probably get around with some macros. To the best of my knowledge no such thing currently exists and what markupsafe does is not particularly nice. You don't even need a source for this, it should be obvious that it's used for that. Pull with rebase: yes, that's how it works. You can also make it the default behavior globally or per-repository if you prefer. How exactly does Graffiti look better than a clean train or wall? Most likely because the users runs a high number of workers or mongoses. Sounds like a horrible idea security wise. My tabs are all way too small to read the title. Prettier with indentation: http://i.imgur.com/9olL8Ds.png Source: https://github.com/mitsuhiko/dotfiles/blob/master/git/gitcon... I know I'm biased on that, but if the internals of Bottle are clean it's doing something wrong :) WSGI/HTTP are incredible complex and in fact, too complex to fit into a single Python file. There is a good reason for why Werkzeug (which Flask is based on) is 15000 lines of code. > application and request context, context locals, local proxies Those are just different names for the same thing. Maybe the docs are a bit too in-your-face with the contexts but I rather expose people to it early to avoid issues down the line. Django for instance does not have equivalents for application and request contexts and the end result is that people often write thread unsafe code and you can only have one application per Python interpreter. Flask does not have those restrictions. You can have as many Flask applications living side by side. And that is possible because of the contexts. I learned that you need context locals in web applications or beginners will write themselves into a corner where they have an architectural problem on their hand they can't fix later on. Yes, it's not the best solution, but passing things around isn't either. urlparse is okay but it has issues in the sense that it only supports URIs and not IRIs. werkzeug.urls provides full unicode support. It's encrypted but why do you do configuration management through anything else than LAN/VPN? > And, just as importantly, can joe/jane user do it? Irrelevant as those users will not care and just punch in their credit card if asked. Aren't dedicated instances only available in VPCs? In that case Heroku would not use them as all Heroku machines are public. Seems not fully deployed yet or not a full feature. The overview page if you're not signed in, as well as all profiles don't seem to have ombile versions. Same with the news feed. > Is this really true, though? At least anecdotal it is. Whenever I take a can of Red Bull in my hand I don't think of a energy drink, I think of high production values on their sport events, the lifestyle of thriving for excellence. I absolutely adore Red Bull as a company for anything they do with the exception of their core competence that is the energy drink. The drink is just okay. But it enforces the thinking of the red bull mentality. Heck, that brilliant advertising made me into a marketing figurine that pitches Red Bull to others ... Just going to leave the current "World of Red Bull" commercial here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ti2Lm4hb2ZY More power to him. The Journal is a much more interesting and useful approach than syslog. > less and bunch of files were working much better for me Just because it works for you does not mean it works for everybody else. The mess of log files below /var/log has been a problem for a long time. The format is not descriptive enough, there timestamps are second resolution only, no timezone information, and yet the times are in local timezone. Please don't hold on /var/log/messages just because it has been like that for ages. That should not be the justification for it existing. > I've had a huge pain rewriting couple dozens of init.d scripts with custom logic to service files. That's funny, because my experience has been that writing init.d scripts is painful and even package maintainers sometimes get it wrong. Get a developer license? The LGPL 2.x does not disallow tivioization. (Thank god) > you might think he'd have something to say about releasing code into the public domain Author of the post here. I'm Austrian - the whole concept of public domain does not even exist in my legislation. I cannot legally waive copyright currently. The closest to putting code into the public domain is probably something like the WTFPL but I am perfectly fine with my stuff having a few more restrictions through the MIT/BSD to avoid license confusion. > How is licensing your code under the copyright monopoly supposed to be "post copyright"? It is not. However there is a certain trend ongoing that people wish the whole copyright system would be reformed and that would have more impact on Copyleft licenses than MIT/BSD. Aside from all of that I don't want to make license decisions for other people. :-) > I'm pretty sure that Stallman would love a post-copyright world, unless it led to a world of rented locked down single-purpose appliances run on gifted code - an outcome that MIT/BSD would be totally fine with. He would not. Abolishing copyright does not imply that people are required to release their sourcecode. Considering how much the Linux community showed the middle finger to the Mono guys I'm surprised there is any support left. Mono has been running in Chrome for a while. Bastion's NaCl version is Mono based. > However, their license makes their technology a niche product Does not seem very niche to me. > Let's be clear: government has not just passed a law requiring packet inspection Correct. That happened in the past already when ISPs were required to block access to the pirate bay. C++ is only as horrible as you want it to be. I am currently using C++ internally to write a library and have chosen very carefully which subset to use. It's fun. - external API is C only - no exceptions - some macro magic to allow customization of allocators - a proxy allocator for the STL containers to use my custom allocators. - only trivial constructors It's a pleasure to work with. True, the allocators in C++ suck, but things could be worse and I can still use most of the STL without much troubles. No, just a stupid copy paste mistake. I fixed that, thanks. > why do you provide implementations for calloc and strdup instead of letting them be set as well. For me personally it's because I never use calloc religiously. I implement calloc so that I can forward those allocators to my dependencies (like curl). I guess you have a point there. With regards to strdup: My version changes the interface in that it's allowed to pass NULL through it in my own code. I know I did not do that in the blog post because I did not want to start a discussion about that API change :-) Then you have to stop using STL containers altogether as those will just use operator new internally :( Rust can be used without a runtime now, but there are some shim functions that need to be defined still. There is currently work being underway I believe to make this easier. Dropbox is written in Python too and the UI is far from sluggish. How does Stripe get away without the paperwork? I'm more than okay with that. Middle click paste is one of the weirdest user experience elements and it does not even safe much time and is very easy to miss execute. It's very offensive in German. I have the feeling this won't change. The fullscreen and space switch animation in OS X is still the same slow speed as ever and people have been complaining ever since the feature landed. > Firefox OS Considering the closed source bits of Android have no equivalent in Firefox OS I would say it's equally open source as Firefox OS. > Without a built-in, well-audited, static browser mechanism no web service can ever be trusted with confidential data That's why mega has a separate app: https://mega.co.nz/#chrome > `pip install awscli` just installed 26 other modules besides awscli. Now I feel a little obliged to go check out those 26, as well, to see what they are. So? Use a virtualenv and stop worrying. These 26 dependencies will be separately updated and maintained, who knows what warts are sitting in the monolithic perl scripts. > The issue is that they can't release them all compiled into one thing. Instead the dependencies have to pollute the rest of the operating system. Bullshit. Python supports having modules installed into local locations (see virtualenv). Just `virtualenv ~/.local/lib/aws; ~/.local/lib/aws/bin/pip install awscli; ln -s ~/.local/lib/aws/bin/aws ~/.local/bin/aws` and put `~/.local/bin` into your PATH. > What on earth does PayPal care about the financial planning of the recipient of the funds? This doesn't seem like it has anything to do with fraud detection. Because PayPal provides users with the option to ask for refund which can be very expensive for them. If they deem the risk is too high they won't do business with you. No further business. The money they have frozen they are holding in escrow to help the increased risk of refunds. People that crowdfund often do not trust the project. PayPal probably flagged them because of cancellations. > I'm saying "paypal doesn't carry a lot of risk in the first place". They do in the first place, which is why as an immediate second step, they protect themselves against that risk by keeping money in an escrow. > You know, do their risk management before they let the vendor take payments? They have a very clear policy on presales and you would expect that people that do presales through PayPal read those damn policies. They are even written in an FAQ and not legalese. Our game RAD Soldiers is featured up on the games page: https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/rad-soldiers/dkiah... You can cross play with the iOS version, feel free to leave feedback :-) > As one of the few who have actually used it, can you give us your perspective on the highlights and limitations of the packaged apps API? Considering we're a game there is actually very few things that we need to consider from the APIs. We have our own UI and the integration with the OS is quite limited. The reason we were interested in the Chrome version is that we're essentially a play by mail game in multiplayer so the push notifications are crucial. Unfortunately the way the push works on Chrome is a bit iffy, way less polished than it works on Android and iOS but it's not too bad. Since we're free to play there are some optional in app microtransactions to monetize the game. These all use the new Google wallet API for packaged apps and they work reasonably well. Since we allow cross play between iOS and Chrome we need to be careful with how we set the prizes and making prize matching between iOS and Chrome is hard due to differences in how tax is handled. There is on way to query the final prize for an in-app purchase through the API which makes things like "-50%" badges hard to implement. The way the game gets around it is by guessing what the final prize will be. I wish there was a nicer way but I can see why it's done that way. > Whatever you think about Ubuntu's decision to make their own X server, it is childish to not include working patches for purely political reasons. Absolutely not. Projects need to take a strong stance on what to include or not because every piece of code in there needs to be maintained. That's pretty much exactly what is happening. DropBox converts documents into HTML for easy viewing on the web interface. Does anyone know how the voltage negotiation works for those? I think more project should be this obvious with their choice of GPL, makes it easier to dismiss :-) > GPL? How does this interact (legally) with other running JavaScript? Do I have to make the rest of my site's JavaScript "GPL" as a result? That has been the interpretation of the guys distributing extjs. Might not have been the highest quality comment but there are lots of companies out there that outright forbid GPLv3 code to be used for anything really. New in 4.3. I actually love that picker a lot. It's efficient when you use it with one hand it it's not nearly as confusing as the alarm clock one which would break down completely if you would have to target a specific date. > or tell Go to compile for my target platform JFTR: the absolutely same is possible in Python. Only if you use the latest logind. Somehow I doubt the story. Boarding personal has better things to do than to check twitter against the list of people baording. > OpenGL has very low overhead Not at all. OpenGL for a start is a huge state machine still. Far from how you program graphics on a gaming console. > How can a person survive the daily life if a couple of animations on a screen makes them sick? What I mean is, if the zoom effect makes someone dizzy I'd expect them to be dizzy around moving cars, approaching trains or watching sports, playing games etc.. The same way people with absolute hearing survive. It's just a different way of perception. Some people respond different to their senses not agreeing on something. In nature all your senses agree (the train is coming, my two ears are giving the right audio feedback, my eyes agree on the visuals, I feel the wind etc.). In many simulations some things are off and some people respond to that with sickness. Considering that one of the most popular operating systems among developers has an 8 year old version of make, I wonder how many people will start using new features. > GPL v3 There is no [AL]?GPLv3 in those cars, it would be impossible to comply with the license terms. > Gopher is awesome No. Gopher is not awesome. It's a terrible protocol and it deserves to die. You do. That's an argument against Open Source :( How is this related to mercurial? If by that you mean windows: that's no longer the case. The git Windows installer is vastly superior to hg's windows experience currently. I'm using it daily and hg integrates really well into the system now. On top of that is tortoise git a very pleasant experience now. gitolite makes it ridiculously easy, but that one does not work on windows i believe. Source? That linked article is from when facebook used subversion. > I am using Git on Windows on a current project and it is still far from what Mercurial was offering on my previous project in terms of usability and resilience to infrastructure issues. Which part exactly? Git seamlessly integrates into Putty/PLink/Pageant and tortoise-git does the same. Git also has excellent support for end of line conversions. Mercurial last time I was checking required an extension to deal with line endings. > Mercurial is able to pull changes into a working copy which has uncommitted changes - it essentially just treats it as a merge. This, with Mercurial, i need to stash much less often. JFTR: git 1.8.4 has --autostash as argument to rebase. 2000 employees. > Does it make sense to migrate to PostgreSQL, I don't have a lot of data as I'm in the early stage? What are the primary advantages that PostgreSQL provides over MySQL? Any advise/pointers is appreciated. If MySQL works for you, there is no reason to change. Some people have quite a dependency on Postgres (hstore, JSON, transactional DDL, pubsub, PLPGSQL etc.) The articles recommends using a form of HMAC and not MD5 directly. The first code example is just a basic example of what the general concept behind is. It's the same in german, even to the point where obvious female words do not have a female gender. People have tried for the last 40 years to make the language gender neutral with absolute appalling results. Some gender neutral versions are almost entirely being used for satiric purposes only. As an example "This is the girl, she is beautiful" in german is "Das ist das Mädchen, es ist wunderschön" usually uses a neutrum pronoun (object). "es" == it because Mädchen is neutrum. That's just how the language works and forcefully changing it results in terrible sentences. Just for the record: that's an internal comment, not part of the documentation. > Interestingly, in Serbian, "person" has female grammatical gender, so the whole sentence comes out in that gender, but as I said it's still semantically neutral. It's the same in German and the pronoun for "Person" is consequently "sie" which is the female pronoun. Yet everybody thinks of a person as being genderless. Language gender has very little to do with real gender. Right now, but there were cases of people burning their money before. Chargebacks happen after the transaction settled. People complain that PayPal freezes merchants accounts. But PayPal only does that if the number of unsettled goods is too high. In this particular case it would always happen because parties would not acknowledge a transaction for a long time. Chargebacks allow a merchant to get the money right away and still give the customer the option to reverse the charge a month (or more later) in case something happens. PayPal does not come back later, that's the point of paypal. PayPal hedges against chargebacks and handles them itself. In case thinks you're above the average risk, it will start freezing your account temporarily. But they will never come back after 180 days and want your money. On the other hand if you sell directly via credit cards, the credit card company can come to you after 180 days and want money back. It was quite literally a weekend project and I did not want to waste much time making custom controls. The sliders are jQuery's UI sliders and as such not particularly well suited for what this should do. Might spend some time replacing this with something better. As of why it would fully crash chrome I'm not sure. Maybe it runs out of memory? I think it wants about 80MB with DOM and everything and builds that out of 3MB of payload (which is about 20MB more than the google search page). //EDIT: code is also on github under a BSD license in case someone wants to work on it: https://github.com/mitsuhiko/timesched I don't know a single language where the standard map function passes two arguments instead of one. Python has the starmap function as an alternative in case someone really needs that. English press release: http://malte-spitz.de/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/CP130157EN.... How can you even legally combine wordpress (GPL 2.0) with bootstrap (Apache License 2.0)? It's actually "tschüss" or "tschüs". Less than 4% of pypi download stats are Python 3, so i doubt the results of this survey are representative. Using a subdomain? What's wrong with "www."? For the apex all you need then is a tiny server that issues a permanent redirect. Why are people so obsessed with getting rid of "www."? The lack of dot causes issues with cookies, makes SSL a lot harder and is currently badly supported by DNS. > One other fun problem Spotify is going to tackle is how we're going to handle systemd vs. upstart if/when we transition from straight-up Debian to Ubuntu. After two years of upstart I am wholeheartedly regretting ever touching it. It's broken by design and currently in such a bad way that you actually might have to reboot the machine to fix it. Upstart is the main reason I'm considering dropping ubuntu for something else. > I often receive emails from people who ask me to release my software under MIT or BSD3 rather than GPL so they can "relicense" it, That makes no sense. People are asking GPL software to be relicensed under BSD/MIT to make them usable in situations where the GPL is a legal hassle or impossible to use. I doubt that people even consider relicensing BSD as something else (besides people practically downgrading BSD to GPL). > Any modern language should have a "batteries included" set of libraries, even when targeted for systems programming. I would argue the inverse: modern languages should have a lean standard library but a strong package ecosystem. > It is precisely these kinds of ripple effects that Stallman is concerned with: he would argue that by supporting LLVM the community set themselves up for a situation where Apple was able to later hoard valuable changes while still getting the benefit of an army of people fixing bugs in their compiler for free. In the absence of LLVM apple would license/develop a closed source compiler. They would not use a GPLv3 GCC if they had to. Unfortunately most linux systems do not support multi-version installs or installs local to a user or path. Correct. However stolen credit card numbers are a much smaller problem than that. Mostly it's because of PCI DSS and dinosaurs in the market leaving very little customizability of the iframes they provide. Because they probably have tons of endpoints on the 5.0.0.0/8 range. BT does the same in the UK for their router management interfaces, just no a slightly different range. > Mercurial isn't the terrible DVCS that people left for greener git pastures; indeed it's the opposite: For everybody who does not like git there is one who does. I vastly prefer git over hg after having used hg for a few years and I did not regret switching a single bit. > Speaking for myself: the one specific thing I use every now and then in Mercurial is "hg serve" command. It allows me to serve up my changes to others in an ad-hoc way without needing to set up a repo in the usual places (Bitbucket, Github, etc.). You can do the same in git: git daemon --verbose --export-all --base-path=.git --reuseaddr --strict-paths .git/ or git daemon --verbose --export-all --base-path=. --reuseaddr . On of my biggest problems with Persona (and why I stopped using it almost exclusively) is that the popup dialog is badly designed. For instance it has email and password as two consecutive fields which confuses my password manager greatly with different accounts. Secondly does it not work at all for me on mobile devices. I still want to know how to implement fork for it. Many open source projects are no particularly reliable. PulseAudio and Avahi are if anything well above average stability wise. They also have many more developers than Lennart in case you are fighting some sort of personal war against him. That's why systemd does dependency tracking and socket activation instead of sequencing. > Do you really think, or even have proof which shows, that playing with dolls or wearing dresses is biologically, not socially, "male"? I belive there were some experiments with babies by Trond Diseth that showed that babies have a natural tedency towards interacting with gender specific toys. > Rewrites, starting over having learnt more the first time. Yet the idea of that happening in a commercial setting is ludicrous for almost every company I have known. I am not a commercial setting, I am a programmer. If I would not learn new things and adapt I would become rather pointless quickly. What's important for a company is not important for an individual. Yep. Because the dictionary literal gets created via opcodes in the interpreter loop whereas the named tuple pays the price of calling a function and setting up an interpreter frame. I think lots of people in the Python community are very good at what they are doing and just adjust to whatever the new situation requires. There are lots of Python people that made a move to the JVM after they outgrew their Python environments. There are many that are now writing lots of Go and JavaScript. I don't think people "move on", they just also start using more than one programming language. A few years ago Python + C was all you needed. Now you need to deal with JavaScript if you want it or not, often there is Ruby involved because of deployment tools, there is more and more Go code, Java became popular in the same community etc. UDP is a message. It's the same as sending a letter with the sender's address on. You can lie about your own address, but if you want the other person to send you a reply it's better to write the correct information on. > 1. Note that there are no plans for postgres to implement a specialised UPSERT. The plan was/is to implement MERGE, which is a fair bit more generic (especially with the 2008 and 2011 extensions). In fact, TFA very specifically disagrees with this route in his conclusion. Does the SQL standard actually guarantee that a MERGE is atomic? After all the MERGE statement involves a subselect which seems to be about as concurrency safe as a SQLite replace insert which a join. > 2226 words and not a single mention of CREATE RULE. Two reasons: a.) same concurrency problems. b.) defined globally for the table. Completely useless for the kind of things I need an upsert for. > If you have high concurrent updates When do you not have concurrency? > you should be dealing with append-only database design and collapsing into a view to query, like Datomic True, but postgres is very bad at that. So you need to work with the tools that postgres gives you. Yes postgres currently does not give you an upsert but an upsert is much closer to postgres' design than an append only database that denormalizes on inserts. > according to my tests, it has no concurrent UPDATE problems You have concurrency updates with deletes as well as inserts. That's literally the worst way to implement upserts currently. Even CTE's are superior to that. A row lock is released on a delete. What you are suggesting is a loop where you try update/insert until it succeeds. Because there is no lock involved there is no guarantee that it will ever finish. That's exactly what's being mentioned in the blog as a workaround until an upsert exists. How do you implement unique constraints then? > It is guaranteed to return after either inserting or updating. Most implementors terminate the loop after some arbitrary number because an error elsewhere could prevent both insertion and deletion, and it is nice to get an exception rather than a hang in from your upsert. Which is why I said multiple times that this needs database support at which point a lock. That would guarantee that the contention at the lock is fair. With a loop around that section the winner is chosen by network latency and retry speed if high contention happens. Also there is not even a guarantee that it will ever finish. Yes. And it's implemented on the client and suffers from contention problems. I already have that :-/ I don't understand the PID1 case. You are running a single process, why do you have to collect zombies? In fact, I understand none of these points. This seems all very hard to relate to. These are containers and not VMs. Most of that stuff should run in a separate container. > The solution is to stop centralized data collection. The world would be a better place if there were no defined country names, zip codes. We should decentralize all our data to prevent evil. > Stop it, this makes Joyent look stupid, you're better than this. How does it make joyent look stupid? Dtrace is miles ahead of Systemtap, especially when it comes to installation because dtrace is generally embraced where it's being used as a default installation which systemtap is not and I don't have to make a monkey dance if I upgrade the kernel. On a system with dtrace like OS X tracing tools like dtruss are basically just wrappers around dtrace. It's very natural to the platform. The sad part is that both dtrace and ZFS originally did not end up in the kernel purely because of licensing reasons :-( > How is it the bitcoin network's fault? Because the protocol is broken with regards to tracking transactions and that has been acknowledged. Even the official implementation got it wrong. It needs to be fixed because the workaround just does not scale. > I see it as part of their charm - speaks to the homebrew, grassroots, piecemeal nature of them. Which also incidentally are words many people would not want their projects to be associated with. > git did this recently too. I preferred the tree-eating monster and vertical logo - it had so much more character and soul than the current look does. The old one might have had "character" but the new one looks professional and the whole new image that git has nowadays makes it a ton easier to pitch to non developers. Why does the whole idea of appearing "professional" have such a bad attitude among certain developers? On speex you can see the transformation from something small and innocent to something professional. Xiph itself has a very professional appearance now and the Speex replacement Opus has quite a nice looking logo: https://mf4.xiph.org/jenkins/view/opus/job/opus/ws/doc/html/... > Then those people can use different logos for their projects? They are. FreeBSD and git for instance changed their logos. Everybody is free to use a logo of their choosing, but they have to accept that others will make comments about them. > This is what happens when we believe that open-source needs marketing to succeed It does, if you want it or not. A project that is not being marketed will not be successful. If you are suggesting that GNU has no marketing you're wrong. GNU might have marketing not everybody agrees with, but it has a lot of it. > The homepage of vim, the editor every hipster who wants to look like a Unix greybeard tries to learn as if it were the holy grail of programming knowledge, has a very 1990s look. But that's often not how people perceive vim these days because other channels have started filling the void. Vim's marketing these days is people referring the editor to others and letting them know how cool it can be. Just because the original developer does not do marketing does not mean that other people won't fill the void. I for instance have been using vim for years and years and I'm very commonly showing off my vim setup to others at conferences and sharing my configuration online, tweeting screenshots etc. HTML5 has a list of tags for which a trailing solidus is not producing an error. It's still not something the parser ever uses for anything besides sometimes producing an error. " " is tolerated whereas " " for instance is a parsing error. The upgrade to newer OS X versions is free. So ... There is a case insensitive collation for utf8mb4 so half of the problems there are just a misconfiguration. The index size restrictions are a problem though. It does not. That sounds very much like FUD. There is nothing inherently magical about utf8mb4_unicode_ci. The lack of upserts is a problem in postgres, as much as some people say they can get away without them. There are objective concurrency issues with the lack of it, that have been acknowledged by postgres developers when they started work on upserts. > Well, before Jason Smith started to try to monetize npm, I would have said nobody. It's open source, right? That's not what open source man. There are still copyright notices in open source code. JFTR: Austrian German is a protected language within the EU. > And as far as people are concerned, there are people living in Chernobyl right now, which was far worse. [citation needed] Aside from that Pripyat is what should be discussed. > I seriously doubt that any usermode program could overwhelm the OS scheduler like that. What are your use case parameters? The OS IO scheduler is known to be shitty. That's not an exegeration. You can start swapping because the scheduler does not free unused caches fast enough. > Basically any engine thats runs on PS3/PS4 does like UnrealEngine, Cryengine, idTech, Unity and most indie/open source engines are OpenGL anyway That's completely wrong. PS3 never used OpenGL and PS4 doesn't do either. Unreal while having somewhat working Mac port is usually ported via Cedega and not the Mac version which is largely unmaintained. The Linux port of Unreal was never merged back either. Presently there is no reasonable OpenGL renderer. CryEngine also does not use OpenGL. And people generally do not do business in cash. In fact, business done by giving someone a suitcase full of bank notes are usually of questionable nature. > Additionally, how does the IRS plan on enforcing any of this? It seems like an anonymous currency would be ripe with disregard for regulators. The same way the IRS enforces all other rules. If you break them and get caught you're in deep troubles. It's impressive how Nintendo can continue selling heavily underpowered processors to gamers and nobody complains. Develop on clang, do automated tests and release builds on GCC? A firewall treats continuous messages exchange between two endpoints as a connection. This is also what NAT punching takes advantage of. Only as far as the IRS i considered. Unicode works perfectly fine on 2.x. Just don't link it with GPL stuff and you're fine. Click can be extended lazily which helps execution time a lot when working with many, many plugins. It also can be extended at runtime as per configuraton. argparse requires the parser to have full knowledge of everything which makes it slow if you add many commands. Biggest problem though is that it's parsing system is a bit broken when it comes to escaping. Options with arguments cannot have values starting with dashes which is problematic for delegating subcommands to other things. For what I wrote Click for I could not find any alternatives that worked that way besides optparse itself but that is hard to use. I worked with Georg on it, but the bulk of the code is from him. I did not expect this to be on hackernews this early. I want to point out that I have not made a release yet and it's not yet feature complete. Mainly I want to ask for feedback on the general design. Argparse has too magic of a design that you could fully nest it. I tried it many times but you always run into it's limitations. Links to some open bugs on it: * http://bugs.python.org/issue13966 * http://bugs.python.org/issue14191 Given that I wrote parts of this on my honeymoon I think it helped. Fingers crossed :) To be fair, Python without loading site packages is pretty damn fast. Definitely faster than most other things loading up. $ time python -S -c 'print "Hello World!"' ... real 0m0.007s user 0m0.004s sys 0m0.003s That's about the same speed it takes my system's cp command to show me an error page: $ time cp -fail ... real 0m0.005s user 0m0.003s sys 0m0.002s Given that argparse has known problems and that not all optparse code can be ported to argparse I doubt optparse will ever go away. It's also a very small module and if optparse will ever disappear only a subset of optparse is needed to make click work. Muhaha. Sepp Holzer on hackernews. That's something. He's quite a character. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sepp_Holzer Dtrace is under a more liberal license as linux. Why not relicense linux? :) > If you're happy with Go's "everything is a unicode string" approach then you should be happy to just treat everything as unicode. Don't handle the decode errors - if someone sends some data to your stdin that's not in the correct encoding, too bad. Go's approach is transparently passing data through. In Python 3 your process crashes if you do that. > Python 3 requires you to do something more complicated when crap comes in. Or in most cases: Python 3 falls flat on the floor with all kinds of errors because you did not handle unicode with one of the many ways you need to handle it. On Python 2 you decoded and encoded. On Python 3 you have so many different mental models you constantly need to juggle with. (Is it unicode, is it latin1 transfer encoded unicode, does it contain surrogates) and then for each of them you need to start thinking where you are writing it to. Is it a bytes based stream? then surrogate errors can be escaped and might result in encoding garbage same as in python 2. If it a text stream? Then that no longer works then you can either crash or write different garbage. If it's latin1 transfer encoded then most people don't even know that they have garbage. I filed lots of bugs against that in WSGI libs. If you write error free Python 3 unicode code, then teach me. (Or show me your repo and I show you all the bugs you now have) The idea that data corruption happens is wrong though. There is no data corruption, at least not less than in Python 2 now that we have surrogate escape printing support in some cases. The only way to avoid data corruption is to be explicit about encodings which in 2.x is easy and in 3.x is almost as easy except if you want to work with stdout/stdin. getfilesystemencoding() is unreliable on Linux has linux has no file system encoding. It just returns the first match of LC_ALL, LC_CTYPE, LANG (not sure in which order). As an example mako cli. You can call this an error or not, but with C locale your cmdline will die with UnicodeErrors when you open a non existing file with unicode filename on Python 3 but not so on Python 2 where it will do the correct thing. It will also die with unicode errors under the same situation when your template renders any unicode characters. Again, something that probably works fine on python 2 and correctly. Or if you would put unicode characters into your README.rst you could no longer safely install mako. Again, Python 3 only. These are just two things I found on github. Another easy one: alembic README's now no longer can safely contain unicode. They would break on Python 3, but work just fine on Python 2 because of the code in list_templates. The first script does not work on Python 3. That's the whole point of the post. You need to use the second one. My libraries are all supporting unicode on Python 2. And in fact, they do it better than on Python 3. File any unicode bugs you might encounter on Python 2 against me please. For a start, because USSD is provider specific and unless you are the provider you need to initiate it with a special USSD code from the phone which you need to register in every network you want to operate in. Sometimes I wonder how Vienna's metro works. The year long ticket is 360 EUR which is not a lot and there are no gates anywhere, just manual enforcement. The fine is also low at 103 EUR. Why you should not: it's inferior to SQLAlchemy and has a dual licensing model where one is the useless AGPL and the other is an expensive commercial license. Also I find it's implementation to be very questionable. All my libraries run on Python 3 but I would recommend nobody to use them on that Python version if they can also use them on 2.x. They have better unicode support on 2.x and there are more 2.x users thus less bugs in 2.x specific code. Aside from that, the ecosystem for other libraries is bigger. There are barely any users of Python 3. New versions of Python 3 are mostly only picked up by other Python 3 users. Python 2 is growing faster in downloads than Python 3 is by PyPI numbers. That is a problem. I tweeted about this a while ago, I don't have the numbers at hand. Unfortunately to get those numbers you need to nudge the pypi maintainer as the data dump is too large to keep in a database without wasting money. As such if I would want to run the report again I would need to import multi gigabytes of logs again which takes time. Not possible due to how the interpreter and extension interface is structured. Last time I was looking less than 5% of my users which was two months ago (up from 3% two years ago or so) used Python 3 at least going by download stats. But Python 3 support takes way more than 50% of my time :-/ > In a few years your python skills are going to be legacy only. If the trend continues then in a few years your python skills are going to be legacy only and you will program Go or something. > The idea that people move from Python specifically to Go is one of those chestnuts of conventional wisdom that never receives any kind of backing in actual data. A big reason for this is that some prominent members of the Python community left for Go and that Go talks have started appearing at Python conferences. Out of curiosity: why? map(print, list_of_tuples) does not work on Python 3 unless you wrap it in list(). In any case it's a anti-idiom because it creates a useless list. Please don't do that. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2007_Chinese_anti-satellite_mis... Which ones would that be? Since the revocation protocol is broken anyways I don't really think this is a real problem. To be honest. I find "The Knowledge" vastly overrated. Uber drivers have given me a much better and consistent experience than black cabs to the point where I stopped using black cabs altogether. > Performance penalty is no longer an issue with AWS: CloudFront support for root domain/zone apex has been there since June 2013 [1]. And it does it through an hardcoded alias and not a cname. How clever. Just stop running a TOR relay? > Austria's women and landscapes are beautiful. Austria's legal system, not so much. I think our legal system is pretty good to be honest. (Then again, I also pretty much agree with the fact that TOR exit nodes are not compatible with Austrian law.) > Lawmakers aren't as intelligent as programmers. What's worse is, instead of just telling him to turn off the exit node now he's seen as a criminal by the system for doing absolutely nothing. Imagine applying for a job and trying to explain to them why you were arrested, especially if the interviewer is not tech savvy it might not look so good. He did not receive a criminal record. > Austrians have absolutely no clue they even had it Citation needed. From personal experience Austrians are very much in support of not having American style juries which are seen in a very bad light over here. > Lets put it this way: If you took American judges and American lawyers and American laws and used Austria's jurisprudence, would the legal system be better or worse than America's? Why would you mix things together that do not go together? Personally I would much rather have to deal with an Austrian court than an American one. > That neither supports nor refutes my argument that Austrian's have no clue about Austrian style juries. It's very hard to refute that claim because you did not provide any sources for yours either. I would not know how to judge how Austrians see courts besides my limited exposure to the few law related classes I took and observing one of our most popular judges for a day and that obviously is personal bias. > I would much rather deal with an American court with Austrian judges. I can only assume Austrian courts did you something wrong or a person you know. Austrian courts see so little public exposure that you literally have to pick individual cases together by force to get a (skewed) view of the world. For the most part court cases in Austria are ridiculously boring. Common law is only being used in the United Kingdom: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Common_law#mediaviewer/File:Leg... > And apparently Austria uses what are, in effect, Anglo-American juries. They are selected at random from the electorate. They decide questions of fact. I don't see the lack of separation between "trier of fact" and "trier of law" as obviously better or worse. There are two versions of "juries" in Austria: Geschworenengerichte and Schoeffengerichte. Either only become relevant if you have committed a crime that could get you in prison for 5 years or more. Geschworene decide of guity and not guilty and decide the punishment, Schoeffen do it with the help of a judge. Not sure how that is related to the American system where the decision is made of "proven and not proven" or am I misunderstanding you? > I'm surprised MGP hasn't created its own brands or bought some existing ones, since their rye is a good product in its own right. They're missing an opportunity, though maybe they feel it's too much trouble to go into the retail side. (Fortunate?) Mismanagement. They wanted to make their own brand but contracted out all their old stock so the only thing they could sell now is very young ones unless one of the existing customers jumps ship. > How is your experience with the reliability? I was recently up in Edmonton and anecdotally it seemed like people had serious issues with the NFC payment methods. Several times I saw people attempt to pay via NFC, try 5 times, then eventually pay via insertion+PIN. Looked profoundly frustrating. Here (Austria) that's mostly because some people have cards without PayPass and they are not aware that they need new cards for it. I never had problems with it and always use it (even for transactions > 25 EUR) in which case it prompts for the PIN. It's super convenient and much faster. > That means there's no bitcoin or blockchain technology involved anywhere in the process. And yes, it's just as expensive as legacy banking products. Except I'm pretty sure that a bitcoin transaction for a money company is more expensive in every regard than a "legacy banking product". What does the Mill have to do with either the article or the original comment? The Mill (while cool) is completely different and incomparable. What makes more sense is comparing an x64 to an ARM chip. To be honest. As cool as this feature is in the 1% of cases where I wanted it, so annoying is it in 99% of all other cases. Tracebacks on Python 3 became a lot more complex because very often exceptions are intentionally swallowed to be reraised differently and they just mess up the traceback now. For instance any custom collection that acts as a decorator will now generate very large tracebacks. I would have much preferred if the reraising with old traceback would have been a feature you can enable per site where you raise. > I don't understand what are you talking about. AFAIK, you don't have to reraise the previous exception: Correct, and also you can explicitly suppress the other traceback now (3.2+) I just wish it was the default unless you opted in. If I catch down an exception and raise another one I do not want the old one . Only in very rare cases am I interested in what lead to it. I have lots of hacks in Jinja2 now to hide useless tracebacks that would only confuse users. For instance a jinja context tries different dicts through a chain in __getitem__. The naive implementation on Python 3 generates two nearly equivalent tracebacks that are very confusing. > If you don't want the older exception, why are you giving it to the constructor of the new exception? Exceptions are chained automatically through the stracktrace and not because they are passed to the constructor. By raising an exception from an exception handler you automatically chain them. > If your application is largely fetching a bunch of external resources, say from something slow like a database or a web API, mashing them up and returning a response to a client, you need async. Web request maybe, database definitely not. Async means you put a high load on the resource you connect to. In the context of a database that makes absolutely no sense. In fact, it's much more common that if you have an async app that you have a connection pool that gives out limited number of connections. At that point you might just use threads. I really wish Mozilla would put the resources currently behind Firefox OS and use them for something like a modern libgecko and standalone gecko wrapper that runs on different environments instead of making an OS. The blink/webkit monoculture is causing issues but every app is embedding it because gecko as a platform for embedding is essentially dead. > Also, I think this is your 3rd time(in my recent memory) derailing a Firefox OS thread to talk about how there are no phones in stores etc. Are you an astro turfer or are you just really angry at Mozilla for some reason? I'm sorry but he's right. The OS is not good, the phones are not powerful, they are barely available and because they are web based they have no unique selling point over any other platform. You can get more powerful Android phones for cheaper and they run more stuff. > But what does any of that have to do with the process of designing and developing Firefox OS? [...] Android was not mentioned anywhere in that article The thread (if you have missed it) was about Firefox OS devices and how a person was recommending against buying a device. I agree with this sentiment and was mentioning that there are cheaper Android devices which are a better purchase. > You also just kind of seem like an astroturfer. Take off your tinfoil hat. Just accept that some people do not like Firefox OS or the devices. What really frustrates me is how many apps that are useful in the menu bar do not have monochrome icons. Cisco's anyconnect is a super bright icon. Tunnelblick is either yellow or the icon looks super washed out and does not work with retina displays. Dropbox defaults to a colorful icon (why!?) So what happens if someone puts CP into the block chain and publishes the instructions to retrieve after two months? So a lawless space? What if a judge wants the data to be removed? How is that related? If someone puts CP intentionally into the block chain that has nothing to do with math. The spread of child pornography is a criminal offense and they could just force every miner to split the chain or charge them for spread of CP. By that logic you could make anything illegal, legal. Firefox for the last few versions is a constant offender in my battery usage panel in OS X Mavericks. Very disappointing. It does not harm IPv6 growth. Even years from now IPv4 will be larger than IPv6. IPv6 routes are huge so even just taking a small chunk of that allocated space for IPv4 will help. And where does that say Verizon is old Cisco routers? I actually like that C++ enforces a struct to be at least a byte long because it means you can have pointers to them and they will compare as non equal even if you do not know the type. That is actually quite handy sometimes. I wonder why Rust does not do that. > We have PyPy now; why not use the tremendous advances there in the next Python? Because PyPy as cool as the project is, is terrible to develop on unless you are a PyPy person. I would consider myself a reasonable programmer but PyPy makes me go crazy. Slow iteration times, super complicated code. > But it comes off as a rant without a real suggestion. How exactly is that a rant? It's an exploration about a design decision / mistake that was carried through Python for 25 years and has left an impact. There is no complaint and there is no suggestion for Python. As I said in the early paragraph it's something that's interesting for people that are interested in language design. > This post is surprisingly confused, it is phrased as a complaint about the language, then immediately degrades into CPython implementation-specifics that have little bearing on the actual usability of the language itself. You might think that, but you are very wrong and I should probably make that point in another blog post. These CPython specifics are enshrined in the language. While PyPy does not have the actual structs, it needs to implement the same user exposed API as it slots were used. PyPy cannot just say "a + b" means "a.__add__(b)", it needs to implement the exact same dispatch logic that CPython has because people's code depends on it. //EDIT: > Ronacher seems to be advocating that we should punish the CPython implementation's traditional strong areas in favour of.. actually, he didn't even describe any vision that was impacted by his complaints. Maybe I did not make my point very clear but the whole last paragraph advocates about trying a version of Python that abolishes the internal slot system. And what exactly should the bug report be? "I do not agree with design decision made 25 years ago, please make backwards incompatible change?". I hope it is valid to describe a situation and voice a wish for a situation that would look different without having to provide a concrete step towards that. The removal of the slot system would be a backwards incompatible change with very little direct benefit for developers. It could be interesting as a general goal for a hypothetical Python 4 but I do not believe it makes any sense to discuss this as anything more than a hypothetical case for the next few years. You're assuming I am not aware why the system works the way it does currently which is incorrect. I outlined what a Python could look like, not what I want the CPython guys to implement. I am perfectly aware that this is not going to happen. > As a U.S. citizen living abroad, Bitcoin is now at the intersection of cheapest, fast (but not instant) and most convenient for receiving my money. There are exchanges here which work automatically and have lots of options for me to receive my money. At this point, I can't say there is a better method available for me. How is it cheapest? You have currency conversion on both sides which is a lot more expensive than using the worst bank. And if you hold bitcoin then the value does interest you. The problem with docopt is that it's very hard to process internally. There is no real internal representation. I tried to write a docopt to click converter but I had to give up. In theory you can do that in any language that allows you to override operators. It's definitely being done in Rust. For instance you sleep for `Duration::milliseconds(10)`. That's a subjective thing. Personally I can't stand split view :) I doubt anyone would find the Unity licensing model interesting. Epic is known to be a good partner and if you are in the league where it hurts you, you will be able to negotiate with them. Given that most indies fail before they make any profit, the Epic model is definitely superior. > For example, I am fairly confident I could pick engines out of a line-up consisting of Unity, Unreal, Source, CryEngine and RAGE (Rockstar's engine). For some, but not for all. There are lots of games that you cannot feel the engine in. Most people would not be able to tell that Titanfall is Source for instance. The problem with void is that it's not a real type in C. Complex numbers use `j` :) I like the informal style, I would not want to change it. Tutorials and introductions are supposed to be readable to complete beginners or developers that only used a simple programming language before. There are lots of small things I would want to change about the guide, especially in regards to which sections should be more in depth and which ones should be skipped for another guide, but that's why it's a first iteration. A NAT does not stop you if you do it right. Console games have been hosting servers through NATs for the last decade. That's exactly what this is: http://www.ibm.com/developerworks/library/x-db2JSONpt1/ Because the ni scheme is separate from this proposal and it supports having a server there if you retrieve named information from somewhere else (implementation defined i think). > He's hit the nail on the head - systemd's fundamental design is not appropriate for the server environment: [Citation needed] From where I stand, systemd is what I always wanted on a server. Yep, the command builder of the process module was the inspiration for the pipeline system. Lots of other inspiration came from libserialize where I got loads of the type conversion (and especially tuple code) from. No, it's just in this example. In idomatic rust you would write this probably: https://gist.github.com/mitsuhiko/1f37c1092bdf54ce4213 The `try!` macro unwraps the okay part of the expression and early returns the err part. The nice thing about the explicit results is that you will do the error handling. With Python you often do not know if an error might come. Unwrap only appears in simplistic examples. The correct "unwrap" is the `try!` macro. It is in Germany. Your main function is most likely pretty empty and that's the only place where you need to deal with hard failure. And that's the same in all languages. If you write in Python you don't just not handle exceptions either. Somewhere you catch them down and present them to the user in a good way. Instead of FastCGI just speak HTTP. And for those there are libraries already. No, but that's would also defeat the purpose. The idea of results is that you know from looking at the code what can fail. If you remove that information you might as well use exceptions. > That's not true, traffic goes up linearly with the number of transactions. If there are twice as many transactions, twice as much data needs to be sent around in the network. It is also linear in the number of full nodes running - but most users do not run a full node. How does that make sense in a peer to peer environment? > I don't know much of the drama around systemd, but this sounds like a typical "everyone's an asshole except me" post. He's discussing technical topics, there is no point in having such responses coming to one just because of a technical disagreement. For what it's worth, I have stuff flying my way too because I do not agree with the direction Python is doing and I don't think the tone that flies my way sometimes is justified. > I mean, does anyone actually notice the difference? Absolutely. This "for humans" trend really needs to stop :) > Systemd in debian would have an easier time making friends if it didn't usurp PID1 for roles that are currently outside PID1 Like what exactly? This is a non issue. systemd has very little actually running in PID1. My mac has not yet shown me advertisements for when I was looking for my files. > The main case against binary logs is their corruptibility. This happens more often than you’d think, due to not having any transaction consistency, as an RDBMS would. The advice of the systemd developers on handling this? Ignore it. To be honest, if the format is done well there is no reason you cannot still read all the non corrupted records. textfiles corrupt too, you just generally live with them being broken because you can read the unbroken stuff. Going by the bug tracker the journald approach is to make the reader work with broken files better. That sounds odd. Did you try to strace it and see what it actually does? To be honest: that's kinda to be expected if you run it on a slow machine. However you can configure it to be in-memory only and forward to syslog and you have it as it was before. > "I get shot going to work every day. But I bought a bullet proof vest, so life is okay." You get corruption if the machine shuts down incorrectly. In binary or text files. In that case journald/syslogd act like a black box. Syslogd will give you whatever garbage it has in those text files, journald will give you the surviving records and will tell you which ones are unreadable. If you want to not get shot, shut down your machine properly. If you cannot shut down your machine properly because it crashed then you have data garbage if you want it or not. Drives work that way. I'm not sure what you are arguing for. Journald does not write broken records itself. Yep. It's because when you kernel panic most people do not feel like typing stuff off a screen. If you have a QR code on your monitor however you can easily scan it and it contains all the info about what is wrong. That's a pretty good feature if you ask me. > It makes macro invocation feel "wrong" or "special" in a subtle way and betrays a lack of confidence in the macro system But a macro invocation is special. The syntax within a macro does not follow Rust rules, so if macros would not be marked properly it would be incredibly confusing for a user. Let alone that macro imports are different by the very nature of their behavior. > author seems to believe he cannot accept tips, because of tax and regulation, but he doesn't point out what specifically would cause problems here. JFTR: "accepting tips" for software is something that is not at all straightforward. The way bountysource and others get around that is through invoices once a large enough amount has accumulated. I have no idea how that works in other countries. Gratipay/bountysource solve this problem, no bitcoin service I have seen does. > Rather, the author has decided that because a lot of Bitcoin users don't seem to like government, and he likes government, he should not like Bitcoin. I think you misunderstand something there: I am pointing out why Bitcoin is something that does not solve problems for me and I doubt I am the only one. The premise of tip4commit is that it helps Open Source projects. It's not just not helping me, it's making my life more complicated. In fact, right now, pretty much anything that has bitcoin involved makes it harder for me. > Could you explain why accepting tips is so complicated? What specific law means you cannot do it? If tips come in individually and in small numbers and you need to track the rate of exchange, origin and everything the money I lose money actively by needing to track it. There is no point in accepting small amounts. The reason actual tips work in Austria is because they are tax except within a regulatory framework. That however does not apply to software developers. > Let me put this another way. If your friends give you money for your birthday, do you give it back to them and tell them you can't accept their gift because of tax and regulation? Actual gifts are a different tax code (they are tax free). I can however not just pretend that any of my income is the same. This is not a "but if i read the law like this" thing. > but if Austria makes it hard to accept cash gifts of small amounts then something is seriously wrong with Austrian law and this is not something to be defended. From what I have heard it's not in any way easier in other countries and it does not have to be because that was never the problem. The whole point of bountysource and other systems is to accumulate money and to simplify the whole process. It makes everything easier, even if taxes would not be concerned. It's what makes the whole tipping thing save and easy through a middleman. The analogy to COM apartments is completely to the point. In fact, if you look at the PPL header files for C++/CX you will notice that the PPL system explicitly refers to COM apartments. Since IAsyncAction and friends can be used from C++/CX and .NET alike they are actually sharing very much of the same principles. > GPS routing is awful compared to a person who knows their way around a city. Strongly disagreed. GPS has traffic information, a human driver does not. I always use GPS even on the roads I use almost daily because the traffic information my GPS provides (Google Maps) works much better than me guessing what the traffic will be. Even if I know that traffic will be slow in the morning on certain roads, I cannot predict accidents and construction work. And if syslog goes belly up no logs. What's your point? Which does exactly the same as what the code in the example does. So the argument is: it's not good enough, so we need to throw it away? The feature was added in 2012 or something, whenever the log support came. The DNS issue affects not just systemd but any stub resolver. The article is completely bullshit but it's good to know that people here trust the first random thing that they read on hackernews over reading the damn spec themselves. Funny. My legal system did not allow class action lawsuits to begin with. Has very little impact :) It's his own work. He does not be to be compliant with anything. That's interesting. I always had problems using objc_msgSend via FFIs because if I remember correctly it was implemented via setjmp and longjmp. In Austria not having IPV6 support is a feature, and I assume it's that way in many countries. If an ISP rolls out IPv6 for you here you lose your public IPv4 address (DS-Lite). No. You have an IPv4. Does not matter if dynamic or static. With DS-Lite you have neither. You're behind a carrier level NAT. The divorce to marriage rate is about 50% in the US: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Divorce_demography The 50% divorce rate is pretty spot on. 50% of all marriages end in a divorce. This has been calculated independently for many different countries over different years (and within a year) and from what I can tell those numbers do not vary much. That obviously does not say the likelihood of an individual marriage succeeding given that some people marry more than once. No it really shouldn't. The usage is highly problematic because of naming conflicts and the implicit default behavior. This causes more problems than it's worth. > but that it would be nice to have the option of using javascript-like object syntax by importing some special dict class It's dangerous to use because it needs recursive collapsing to a regular dict otherwise it's not safe to pass to many APIs. So yeah, it should definitely not exist in the standard library. You can just use systemd for this. Open the FD in systemd and then pass it into the process. It does internally. Pretty sure that's even defined in the standard. How so? The only unsafe part is the transmute which only saves 7 bytes anyways :P > For example, my damn A3 (the last Audi I'll ever drive, for gazillion reasons) will turn off when you're in neutral and release the clutch. There's no software setting to fix that. You can disable that with the press of a button, a button that defaults to 'I know it better than you do, this needs to be enabled' every time you start the car. Of course you can change that. However there is no button for this in the HUD as this would probably be against the emission limits of the card. You can disable it by setting the thresholds for activation to something unlikely. //EDIT: the legality of this however is questionable. In Germany/Austria I'm pretty sure it renders the car illegal if you try to disable it permanently on a car that came with it. > The entire country would be completely unworkable if you could only cross at a "cross-walk." Some villages literally don't have any. Austria does not have a jaywalking law but it has a law that requires any participant in traffic to adhere to light signals. Neither cars, nor bikes nor pedestrians are allowed to ignore red lights and if they do, they can be (and will be) fined. > but I find it disingenuous as it avoid talking about the real reason (volatility) and it hides the big picture I don't think a consistent drop over a year can be attributed to volatility.