Cost / Benefit ratios are a big part of economics. Historically the computer market has been a bit special because the payoffs of new technology were huge and simultaneously the cost of new technology sharply and steadily declined. If Apple's customers are not still seeing those big payoffs from new technology then it becomes a game of costs. Changing a product mix every few years has its own costs - as demand for new PCs drops, these costs become harder to justify for an OEM. It is totally possible that a 5- or 10- year refresh cycle keeps engineering and support costs down enough to be worthwhile if consumers accept the technology meets their needs. New technology will still make it to the end user here, but Apple is not going to do it at any cost - they are masters of profitability. Visually both are good enough. Moving a line is 1x mouse click and a wrist flick, Borders are more work than that. Grandparent is asserting a fact (that the US rich are probably the most historically meritous group of wealth individuals in history). It is not an intuitive fact, and it isn't presented with evidence. There are two big issues: * It is very hard to gut-feel wealth distribution (eg, http://marketrealist.com/2013/10/shutdown-101-perceived-weal... ). Identifying who the US rich requires more study of statistics than most people have time for - so this assertion is about a group that is difficult to identify. If most of the US rich were in fact living quietly on family wealth from a generation ago, how would this be identified? How do we verify that these 'rich people' are indeed meritorious? They might not be. * All of history is a very long time. Although the US is technologically the most advanced nation we have ever seen, to claim that it rewards the meritous more than any nation in history is probably wrong, and suggests grandparent isn't making a point based on careful thought. We have had democracy for more than 2,000 years, the US has only been around for ~300. We haven't yet found a decision making process that works better than democracy, and a lot of people have tried. At some point, someone has to evaluate how good or bad the decisions being made by the political apparatus are. Either that person is the average voter, or it is a minority group. If it is a minority group, they are in a position of extreme moral hazard to funnel societies resources to their benefit and lock out change. It is worth reflecting that, although a lot of people complain that people are 'voting for a slogan' or similar, there is evidence (mainly the outrageous success of democracies vs. non-democracies) that the average voter does actually have some idea what is going on. It is also a subtle and interesting fact that if a large group of people are voting essentially randomly, then they will cancel out. In this way, a person voting with no thought for policy will probably cancel out another person voting with little thought. A 52-48 type margin can mean that 96% of the population had no idea, and the 4% that knew what was going on voted unanimously in favour. The point being that a vote can be sliced up theoretically so that ignorant voters have less influence than might be expected - and again, the practice of democracies suggests this tends to happen more often than intuition suggests. Democracies throw out some cruel decisions, but that usually means the interests of the voters are being served rather than democracy failing. Singularity-style outcomes do seem unlikely, in the same way a lot of exponential threats stop being scary if they turned out to be logistic curves. That said, a key counter to the idea is that humans possesses very limited real control over how they are manufactured. Even if you had a solid idea how to make yourself smarter, it seems likely you wouldn't have the tools and potential to implement that idea in practice. Humans don't even control what their own minds respond to positively or negatively. Once something like a designed computer chip is involved, that changes. The intelligence can act on itself more readily and doesn't have millenia of calorie-conserving optimisations built in. The idea being that the companies that survive will be the ones that happen to have effective systems that incentivise law abiding behavior. What struck me looking at the AlphaGo papers was how human its algorithms were - it was basically doing what a highly orthadox human player would do (pick some moves that look interesting, read as deeply as possible) and then scaling up with a completely inhuman thoroughness and accuracy. At this stage, AI wins in competitive games simply will not impress me. From here it may simply be a tour of force showing the breadth of fields AI can dominate in. After that enthusiastic agreement; poker wins are evidence for the laypeople of something I suspect most people in AI research or game theory already know - a human bluffing isn't a magic advantage in a fair game. The AI can outperform on fundamentals. Indeed, have there been any deaths yet recorded as related to Fukushima? If Australia's power problem can be solved by two billionaires on twitter for $25 million, then it isn't anywhere near as problematic as I've been led to believe. There are enough problems with the grid that any solution needs to be discussed in the context of what problem is being solved. The latest I've seen ( https://www.aemo.com.au/-/media/Files/Gas/National_Planning_... ) suggests that there is a risk of not being able to produce enough at all, let alone keep the grid stable. My read of that report is that current "Aussie Power Woes" are the ageing generator infrastructure, not grid stabilisation which was a politically interesting but otherwise relatively minor hiccup a few months ago in South Australia. In addition to those two there are cost troubles brewing related to the cost of maintaining infrastructure for power (poles & cables), and energy prices are moving upwards. May or may not be related to generators capacity, I don't know. I would like to take this moment to vent, and wave at https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Global_catastrophic_risk . The argument that we need to do something about this waste beyond the timeframe of our civilisation is mind boggling to me. This is the only risk we seem to take this seriously - in no other arena can I recall people arguing about what something will look like in 10,000 years. What about war between America and China? >1% chance, massive potential for death and destruction. Who cares if some poor person digs into an old nuclear waste dump in 500 years compared to that? We can leave this problem to the future. If they have regressed so far that they can't detect nuclear then they have bigger problems than radiation poisoning. Threats to energy security are so much more of a threat than potentially maybe not being able to figure out how to reprocess spent fuel until it isn't a health hazard. If you regulate against selling potato chips at the market rate, a likely outcome is a shortage of potato chips. Grandparent didn't suggest a problem with protectionist regulations - simply that the regulation is the probable cause of the shortage. There is a link. Woah there! You've basically just claimed that the laws of supply and demand don't have an impact in the labour market. That requires more evidence than finding a link between pay and intrinsic motivation/job security. Nobody is going to turn down a flat wage hike - but the damage of government tax policy is it shrinks the window of "what the company will pay for" and "what the worker will work for". Now we can't measure this for sure, but theory tells us it is a very likely, if not practically certain, outcome. The issue is you won't see it, because companies will just not be offering some jobs because they experimented and couldn't offer them at a wage that interested workers. As a bonus, raises are a bit of an illusion. There is a huge amount of new money entering the system from somewhere (see https://www.federalreserve.gov/releases/h6/20170406/ , about 5% p.a. increase). Most wage rises in theory are to balance that out so that you have enough dollars to call on the same real resources for hours of your labour. Furious agreement that locks aren't a great analogy. I'd hazard that for most organisations locks are actually to remove temptation from employees; and the quality of the lock is largely irrelevant. A lock is only as good at stopping someone entering as the windows and doors are resistant to being removed. The advantages to locking something are: * There is evidence that the door was forced after the event * Very clear signaling of who is and isn't supposed to have access to a room. Unless serious money is spent, I would expect that locks are delaying access by a matter of maybe up to hours. If IT security were that poor, the world would look different. A better analogy would be spending the money on security guards. Currencies actually fail quite regularly (hints: Zimbabwe, Venezuela) - it makes a lot of sense to hold wealth in a form that will survive that. Maybe someone wants to claim that any individual country "will never" suffer from a currency crisis. I'll just point out that America went from Barack Obama to Donald Trump in one election then agree to disagree. Countries want an asset that can hold wealth through a crisis where the way things work radically changes. This asset needs to be: * As indestructible as possible * Easy to transport if an adversary is approaching (see also, European history :P) * Hard to create Gold satisfies these requirements really well; and as an added bonus it is nearly useless so hoarding it doesn't risk the real economy (see also; the US helium reserves and the risk to medical imaging or such when they run out). EDIT I'll add that the 'easy to transport' part is what makes this Fed-Bundesbank business so completely weird - this quantity of gold is physically quite small and should be easy to inspect and audit. Here is an argument for your consideration: Consider the concept of a business cluster, note that the city as a cluster is a reasonable idea [1]. Note that the population of Denmark does not break top 30 in a list of global cities [2]. Conclude that the country of Denmark, with its small geographic and demographic attributes, could specialise entirely in one high-margin economic area and further specialise their laws and social systems to that. Basically, 5 million people can be sustained by the excess wealth of a strong local cluster. 50 million people cannot be sustained by one strong cluster, and the different clusters may have different needs. I have no idea about Denmark, but if they /are/ clustered as a country around some high-tech industry, maybe the economically rational equilibrium to give out scholarships to support the local cluster? Maybe they are just nice people? A country with many clusters needs a one-size-fits-all legal and social system that works with all the clusters. The economic equilibriums may be different to a single cluster. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Business_cluster#By_type_of_co... [2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_largest_cities Cynicism comes into its own when that sort of money is involved. Practically it isn't possible to become build that sort of wealth without being super-aware of the financial outcomes of your decisions. It isn't safe to take someone at face value once they can buy a PR firm without blinking. He writes a seductive argument, but it isn't very satisfying to conclude "this language is so powerful that it defeats itself". Likely there are other, more mundane reasons why the theoretical purity of the lisps isn't useful in practice. For example, the endless (bracketing). My understanding is that the power of lisp macros comes from this questionable, but distinctively lispy, syntax. And I say questionable compared to natural human scripts - none of them work from inside to out. I've seen left to right (eg, English), right to left and up to down (eg, Chinese). If there were some better known examples of what lisp macros were good for then maybe it would get better traction. But lisp macros don't seem to have an example of why they are worth that trade. Also, in the early days, C was a pretty close mirror to the underlying code execution - there was probably less mental overhead to squeezing out better performance. So I hope we all agree that meaningless work is bad, and that if the clothing is going to end up in a dump anyway then the workers should be given their pay and then left to put their feet up. That situation is indefensible. But the argument about sweatshops is pretty settled: * These people are not stupid, they would not work in sweatshops if sweatshops weren't the best alternative available. * The existence of sweatshops doesn't, in any fundamental way, prevent the development of more advanced and dignified industry. Many industrial countries have a history of slavery (eg, America) and poor working conditions (eg, England) that they levered themselves out of. * Bootstrapping an economy starting with cheap, unpleasant labouring appears to have worked stupendously well for the Chinese. This idea of needing to protect nuclear waste for 10,000+ years is absurdist. Over this timescale there are threats that are just more dangerous [1]. What about conventional war over scare energy? That is a real threat. And this argument is assuming that the next 100 years have absolutely no advances to a science that didn't exist 150 years ago. I find that unlikely. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Global_catastrophic_risk The outcomes can be easily enumerated. If Sleeping Beauty always answers "Heads" she will be right 33% of the times she is asked. This is pretty close to the definition of a 33% chance. She hasn't been given new information by waking up, she also knows as she goes into the experiment - "most of the outcomes where I am being interviewed involve the coin toss coming up tails". Unlike dark matter, we can measure the money. Take the M2 monetary aggregate ( https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/M2 ). Unless the US has doubled the amount of resources since the financial crisis, the value of the dollars should be reducing vs goods or assets, as the supply of dollars is increasing rapidly. Airplanes generally somewhat safer than driving. By quite a margin. Without consulting the literature, it just seems easy to believe that machine-like consistency 99.9% of the time is more important to safety than confusion in the 0.1%. > Are you suggesting these are bad things? As a local; yes it is a bad thing. I want cheap energy. Cheap access to energy is literally one of two things separating us from animals. The other thing is higher intelligence. There is room for an ideological debate on the meaning of good, but this is an outcome of regulation that the government didn't push for and that the votes would not choose if they had to tick a box. This gentleman needs to watch Feynman talking about the difference between maths and physics. Science is all about gathering evidence and the scientific method focuses very heavily on observation and testing . Basically, it is impossible to conduct science without data. Maths is data independent. More data or less data doesn't influence what maths is. Maths links the axiom and the result - once a result has been prooven to follow from an axiom, the data is irrelevant. No amount of observation or testing will change the value of Pi. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=obCjODeoLVw You are referring to an as yet unsolved problem. The maths is as yet un-done! Sure, there is data that suggests it is probably true. The scientific can say there is enough data to be almost certain it is true and move on. The mathematical community cannot say for certain it is true because it is not yet prooven. Which is why they are still working on it. I would suggest that formulating conjectures based on data is specifically not maths. Some mathematicians start with data, and no doubt about it data is effective. But I'm specifically saying that that is employing a tool of the scientific community (see [1]) as a starting point before then proceeding to do some actual mathematical work. This distinction is why maths is often classified in the Arts rather than the sciences. But if you can point to a maths textbook that teaches someone "general theories" by printing 10,000 data points followed by a QED then I'd suggest it is a pretty extraordinary theory. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scientific_method EDIT I'll throw in an example; a software consultant might be involved in invoicing for a project. The invoicing is still accounting work, even if it is being done for a software project. South Australia has a population of ~1.7 million. I'm reading this article as: * Battery ($140 million) * Gas Power Plant ($360 million) These costs are noticeable but not unreasonable. SA will hopefully turn a nominal profit, although the principle of 'if it were the profitable option, private enterprise would have done it' suggests this will be an economic drag at least in the short term. I suspect this move is a knee-jerk reaction to the power outage in 2016; so I am very interested in what the long term impacts of this are. I'm adding this to my watch list along with the German Energiewende to see where it is in 2020. It is a very interesting tour-of-force by Tesla and hopefully we discover positive things about large-scale lithium deployments. The argument boils down to this: 1) The economy is a system with some amount of money in it. 2) The money is measured (see; M2 [1]). 3) The amount of money appears to be increasing extremely quickly (exponentially, in fact). 4) The new money is not being expressed in wages. The government doesn't appear to be pushing it into the economy directly because they are taking on debt instead of printing money. If you accept this frame, then the follow up is that someone is being given a lot of money, and the question is why not change the rules so that the newly created money is given no-strings-attached to the government? [1] https://www.federalreserve.gov/RELEASES/h6/Current/default.h... I'll offer a point of clarification - and I do agree that the situation is a lot more complex than 4 dot points. That said; point 4 can stand if (wages growth + unemployment drop) I haven't checked it in America, but in Australia the M2 is growing at about 8% p.a. I'm confident assuming total wages aren't growing that fast, because it would be very visible on the ground (people getting jobs left right and centre). The new money being created is mostly going elsewhere vs wages. Speaking as a Debian user; so maybe not part of the majority, but the last problem that the world faces is not enough package managers. As far as I know, even Windows and MacOS have made moves towards implementing package managers AKA App Stores. I know iOS has it in spades. The Linux distributions have the problem of packet management figured out to their tastes. Having a _completely_ different extension/package paradigm for every major and minor piece of software is not a user-friendly approach. Very much agreeing with you in principle that punishing savers is a terrible idea. That being said, if bitcoin: * Isn't backed by government (participation is voluntary) * Is inherently delationary & encourages hoarding * Loses coins from the system due to accident (eg, people losing passwords) Then it follows that at some point we expect, say, plumbers to do actual work for someone who's contribution was that they were there buying bitcoin in 2015. It might be troublesome to get the plumbers buy-in to bitcoin specifically vs a new competitor where all participants are pulling their weight in the real world. Basically, deflation + a long memory makes a monetary system unattractive for people to buy into. EDIT: I'll point out that _so far_ bitcoin has been an inflationary currency from the point of view of number-of-coins created. That will change. It is great to see this issue (which is a pet one of mine) given fair context. I'm really glad to see someone juxtaposing: - "...the most serious nuclear accident since Chernobyl..." - "More than 18,500 people were killed ... when an earthquake triggered the massive tsunami ..." - "No-one died directly in the Fukushima disaster." Not that it isn't a disaster; just that the disaster, in context, wasn't the biggest deal that day. No worries. I see two separate disasters here, both linked. The first an absolutely devastating weather event that killed more people than live in my home town in it's entirety + caused massive damage, and secondly the Fukushima nuclear disaster (which seems to be treated separately in many cases, which the article is about and which my comment was directed at). In my experience, many people & journalists hold Fukushima up as a really bad disaster. I'm trying to communicate that I don't think that Fukushima was a disaster that warranted international coverage - the weather was. At an international scale, I don't think Fukushima is much worse than a near miss. I would be really interested to get an expert academic order of magnitude on how many people died in the evacuation due to the Fukushima disaster vs. the theoretical number of deaths if they had evacuated more slowly (say over 12 months). It frustrates me that the cost-benefits of the evacuation aren't a more prominent point of discussion. EDIT: Just for fun; I can't pretend I know anything about radiation or what the Japanese are up to; but on wiki I see things like "absolute increase in the risk of cancer(of all types) during their lifetime, of approximately 1% due to the accident" [1], " Life expectancy of the evacuees dropped from 65 to 58 years ... because of depression, alcoholism, and suicide" [2]. I'd like to know who I can turn to for an honest rundown of the risks, because the radiation doesn't seem that terrible. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fukushima_Daiichi_nuclear_disa... [2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Japanese_reaction_to_Fukushima... Speaking as a clueless user; closed source plugins, sooner or later, go away. Which is pretty painful. In the interim, the big grief-causers are usually closed source plugins that crash the host. Open source plugins cause a lot less grief. Typically they don't have a feature I want. Often for legal reasons and not technical, or because a proprietary vendor is fighting back (eg; video patents the first case, Skype protocol the second). The linux kernel is an example how an open-source-only plugin system works technical wonders. A very interesting case study was graphics drivers circa 2005. The closed source drivers (essentially plugins) tethered the linux community to the technically obsolete X server; and would have crippled the kernel in a similar way if the kernel devs had accepted closed source plugins. Apple did wonders driving open standards on the web with the explicit acknowledgement that popular closed source plugins were too dangerous for their platform to implement [1]. The issue here is the one Stallman has been harping on since the dawn of time - closed source is unmaintainable in an extremely profound way. [1] https://www.apple.com/hotnews/thoughts-on-flash/ Technically, I'd suggest the answer is yes. But there isn't enough money involved to warrant regulation or for a tax department to do the diligence to collect. Valve paying corporate tax on the hat sales is good enough. Capitalism is indeed complex, and something I think gets missed in the popular perception is that capitalism depends completely on things like property rights and contract law. Basically, regulation and government is strictly required and the details of that regulation are always up for debate. That said, people who talk about 'evening the playing field' scare me. For starters, armchair analysts underestimate the amount of good done by greedy people in a well created market economy. For seconds, fairness is very expensive. And for thirds, people don't understand what the regulation of the current systems does. There is no need to pronounce capitalism doomed when it has such a track record of success. Adding to this - there seems to be a lack of observable damage from nuclear accidents apart from self-imposed evacuations. Literally no-one died at Fukushima. It is the only energy disaster I know of where no-one ended up dead. This is strong circumstantial evidence that we are being too safe, because we implicitly accept a few deaths when things go wrong in, eg, coal (pollution & extraction deaths), solar ( mainly in installations not in operating), hydro (big-time risks). Going from 1 death to 0 deaths on this scale is a huge marginal cost. It almost certainly outweights the benefits. EDIT: We haven't had a solar disaster yet, but coal & hydro disasters happen and can be very bad indeed. Where are you sourcing these numbers from? The WHO says "up to 4000 people could eventually die of radiation exposure from the Chernobyl". I also have a new quote for nuclear talks: > Alongside radiation-induced deaths and diseases, the report labels the mental health impact of Chernobyl as “the largest public health problem created by the accident” and partially attributes this damaging psychological impact to a lack of accurate information. http://www.who.int/mediacentre/news/releases/2005/pr38/en/ I always wonder how these sort of things square away with Jeveron's Paradox [1]. To me, a stable energy/capita isn't prima-facie evidence that they are more efficient! It suggests prices are higher than they should be. I dunno, maybe I've misunderstood what energy efficiency is. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jevons_paradox EDIT: http://www.electricitylocal.com/states/california/ & using electricity price as an energy price proxy - average residential use is ~30% reduced vs national average, and rate is ~30% higher. I'd believe the "Rosenfeld Effect" is the key to per-capita use if it is the factor keeping these costs relatively high. He didn't say that - he said "Being emotionally unengaged helps us better reason about the facts". That might be wrong. I think using emotions as a guide reason can work, sometimes very well. It doesn't link anything to women - women can be disengaged and men can be emotional in the ordinary course of their day. The response to the memo is very frustrating to me; I suspect the original author wanted to start a conversation that involved Simpson's Paradox and got a response where people typed him as a misogynist. This incident seems like evidence that attempting a statistics based discussion about gender programs is dangerous - if you are wrong in your interpretation & work at Google you will be fired rather than have your mistakes explained. EDIT for clarity: not that the memo mentioned Simpson's Paradox at all, but that paradox illuminates serious risk around interpreting clear-seeming evidence. I think that those style of risks where were the original author wanted to push discussion. Are you sure that is a nuclear plant? It looks like coal to me. The big thick columns are water vapour - you are right there, but the tall thin exhausts are for carbon. They don't look like they are being used, but they are (they often don't produce anything visible even when they are running at a fair clip). But to do that they have to consider and then discriminate using the gender of their applicants. The position in your example seems to be that two wrongs make a right - discrimination favored men at some point and so discriminating against men in the hiring practice is reasonable. I strongly disagree with that position - as far as is possible that conversation has been had and settled; companies shouldn't be discriminating on gender. I dunno what the law in California is but my stance is that discriminating on gender should be illegal. Even if the people doing the discriminating might feel they have a moral right to it :P. Actually, in the US it is approximately 1 in 250,000 /assuming independence which is a bit of an assumption/. Obviously, nature doesn't know what a year is so it is totally possible that big storms come in batches. Assuming 1 in 500 year floods are independent, note the ~300 cities in the US [0]. The fact that Huston is a big city doesn't seem relevant to me, because the storm doesn't care. Much like picking a specific number plate, it had to land somewhere. The chance of there being a city in the US which has a 1 in 500 year flood is therefore 60% (300/500) each year. The chance of that city having another flood of similar magnitude in Year 2 is 1/500, because the odds are independent and we started monitoring the city in Year 1. The chance of it flooding again the third year brings the odds down to 1/(500 * 500) = 1 in 250,000. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_United_States_cities_b... We've entered fuzzy-definition territory; but I'd say it is a stretch of the language to imply Wildberger is a crank. Which you have now done twice with no references. He is unorthadox in his pushing of rational numbers, sure, but he gets through an extremely large amount of maths correctly. It is well within his job domain reflect on odd academic questions about what happens outside the world of human measurement. Just for fun; I recorded a macro in LibreOffice Basic that sets the text in a cell. This is a sample: dispatcher = createUnoService("com.sun.star.frame.DispatchHelper") dim args1(0) as new com.sun.star.beans.PropertyValue args1(0).Name = "ToPoint" args1(0).Value = "$C$7" dispatcher.executeDispatch(document, ".uno:GoToCell", "", 0, args1()) That first line is confusing and obsolete. Sun doesn't exist any more, it is two generations of branding from being StarOffice, and good luck figuring out why the service is named after a card game. Even a programmer isn't going to figure all that out without knowing the history of the project. Now in MS Office I'm pretty sure this would be something like ActiveSheet.Cells(1, 5) = "foo". There is nearly no discovery for the LO Basic equivalent 'sheet.getCellByPosition(3,16) = "foo"'. It really is worlds apart. I don't see how a moderately sophisticated user can learn to write LO macros without finding a reference manual and investing hours orienting themselves. I've seen people teach themselves to a useful standard using MS Office macro recordings. EDIT More importantly, a novice wouldn't necessarily understand that the recorded macro isn't the accepted way to select a cell. Even realising that a cell can be selected with one line is hindered by the LO macro recording. This doesn't quite go to the substance of your question; but it is relevant. At this point the US debt is pretty staggering at both a personal and national level. The 'average Joe' is, by the numbers, consuming more than they are producing. There are two ways this can be sustainable: 1) Transfer from economically productive to economically unproductive individuals 2) Net economic consumers become net economic producers. In practice, this would almost certainly look like spending less and investing more. The argument of my grandparent seems to be that incentivising the _reverse_ of (2), ie net producers to become net consumers, is a terrible idea that will make the fundamentals of the problem worse. That argument is good as a matter of principle. It is particularly relevant in the current context of America. The uncomplicate family of libraries look really great. The fellow behind them clearly knows what he is doing. I tried to get uncomplicate.neanderthal working because I was impressed by it, but eventually was scared off by the Intel MKL dependency. I'll get it all working properly some day after sinking enough hours; but I really wish there was a pure java-CPU implementation so it was a bit easier to ease into the functional mindset and prototype algorithms, learn the concepts and clear out my misunderstandings regarding how the logic fits together. I lost an afternoon to finding downloaders, reading license conditions, shell scripts, and debugging path issues when what I wanted to be doing was learning to use a new API. Basically, I think uncomplicate is great, but the library dependencies are a bit unfriendly for the novice to low-skill data scientist new to Clojure. EDIT The competition was "import numpy as np" to start learning how to do linear algebra work in Python. Is there anything here to be debated? The article quotes starting salaries that appear to be lower than for a bus driver (1) which to my view is a similar job; albeit probably with lower training requirements. It doesn't seem surprising that there is a pilot shortage. Possibly employers need to pay more and train more pilots. [1] https://money.usnews.com/careers/best-jobs/bus-driver/salary It isn't that uncommon for bad ideas to take root and influence decision making. And I'd say the core thesis of the article is that a bad idea has taken root ('inconsistencies and gaps in the accusation can be ignored because rape is terrible'). That doesn't seem interesting to me. But what is fascinating is considering the difficulties that have to be worked through to organise a rational argument in favour, essentially, of tightening the standards applied to potential rape victims. I'll show my colours and say that after the James Damore business, it wouldn't be a shock if the university fired anyone who made the arguments in this article couched in anything but the most mild terms. They are even less convenient for lending a phone to a friend or relative though. These features are change; not a straight improvement. They have different pros and cons compared to a passcode. The official line is that inflation is low; but as far as I see the amount of money in the American economy, which I put at, eg, ~7% in the last 12 months of the M1 [1], appears to be growing faster than the inflation rate which is what, ~2-3%? If this isn't being measured as 'inflation', it makes me ask why inflation is the key measure. The amount of new money is pretty substantial. [1] https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/M1SL Hi, I turn up in these discussions to represent the hard money advocates. In practice you might well be right about velocity, but there is no "the money" of which 90% is lent out. America & most other countries use fractional reserve banking. A pretty reasonable interpretation of this is that making a loan is nearly equivalent to creating the money needed to make the loan. All the existing money that can be lent that exists is, in fact, currently lent out. I've seen this happen in other industry (I'm thinking mining for ore). The evidence was pretty solid that safety standards in the workplace are considerably higher than at home. Even relative to other industries performance was good. This is only opinion, but I thought: 1) This was a good state to be in 2) It was bought on by ignorance of lay people and politicians who didn't understand relative risk 3) The situation reflected well on our political system functioning well without being very logical It drives me crazy that we hold nuclear to a higher standard again even though the cost/benefit ratio appears to be better than many other industrial and non-industrial activities (eg, driving cars, using coal). People will cheerfully say 'but nuclear ... causes X', but rarely compare that with the benefits that were bought for X. But that argument goes all the way down the value chain. You'll end up with something like food production > transport > tech. The chain can be as long as you feel too. It is a radical proposition that a farm day laborer adds more value than an elite tech worker because 'the system would stop without food'. The value add is controlled by the person who decides what "value add" is. That is the executive, original product designers and customers (who may well be represented by marketing in some businesses, I dunno). It would be even easier if a 'basic living standard' could be established. Something measured in terms like quantity of food & size of housing. Money & markets are a fantastic system for taking the limited resources we have as a society and splitting them up. We haven't found a system that is more effective at increasing the average living standard. Basic income screws around with some fundamental structures of the markets. It would be easier to reason about if we knew what resources were being guaranteed by the government back in the real world. It happens that physics cannot be legislated into existence; so we will need some planning to be done to make sure that the spirit of the law can be identified and met practically. From a super-simple perspective, a community that grows exponentially _will_ eventually have very few resources per head. If, as a starting point, someone believes the population is growing exponentially then they likely also believe it doesn't matter if they try to be selfish or not. There will be a lot of people with limited resources and that is probably going to reduce their quality of life. Now there are a lot of issues with this view and the actual reality might favour anything, but I don't think the average selfish or selfless person has thought about them. So I'm pretty happy to excuse both until I see arguments with more facts than 'I think' or implicit 'selfishness is bad it sounds unfriendly'. That was a pleasure to read. Pushing the politics to one side; there is a call here to use words correctly and to use clear and unambiguous descriptions. That is a coherent and entirely reasonable expectation on any political dialog. Doubly rewarding was that the writing style, while not pro-Trump, avoids the bile and hysteria that has been common since the last American election. Limiting criticism to unclear language does the author a lot of credit. Limited changes are needed to apply this article to many political statements. Trumps pronouncements are particularly entertaining examples though. His speech can make it so clear that he isn't using specific facts. Watching his opponents trying to deal with something so audacious can be very entertaining. Quick disclaimer; I'm pretty close to being a hard money advocate. I agree, and sympathise profoundly with the 'like I'm crazy' part. I sometimes feel like a madman for not holding personal and mortgage debts. We have a system that is set up based on exponential functions; and we know that most people will intuit linear. It is very frustrating watching friends people take up a position on the wrong side of an exponential function because they live in the here and now. Doubly so trying that they don't realise how big a financial gap they are creating to where they could be. I flat out don't believe that most (ordinary, no maths training) people taking on debt understand whether they are making a good or bad decision. If they make a good call, it is luck. To add to your excellent point; it takes 10-20 years to fully train a human from useless baby to fully functional. And that time is filled with days of continuous exposure to data. There is no problem domain that humans have been shown to hold an unshakable advantage. I used to be able to say Go but that is no longer even a little bit true. It could well just be time and data from here. A SC:BW bot will have the ability to be perfectly aware of every unit in vision at all times. It wouldn't be a suprise if some research team could put out a bot achieving superhuman victories purely by out-microing an opponent with minimal strategic choices. This isn't prisoner's dilemma though - everyone has a full ability to communicate with each other. That breaks a pretty basic assumption. To stretch your analogy, you are playing prisoners dilemma with someone who is swearing he will snitch, has a lawyer who is saying "my client will cooperate fully with the police" and who has signed a document explaining the facts. The idea of the NSA working with a major components supplier isn't an extraordinary claim. Intel will have a major presence in all sorts data centers of interest to the NSA. If I were an American and believed in what the NSA was doing, I'd want to know what they were doing with their budget if they didn't at least try to get a hardware back door into Intel CPUs. Why waste budget on finding exploits in patchable software when they can go straight to the silicon? Joules Consumed / Head would be a harder-to-calculate but also much more interesting measure than GDP. It would also make it easier to talk about the uncertainty in the estimates, still capture food, transport and shelter to some degree. People have very limited amount of time to learn new things; and the scope of human knowledge is vast beyond any individual's ability to test even a meaningful subset of it empirically. Because of this, science is disseminated in the same way as religion, political action, superstition and gossip - an authority figure says something, and we take it as true. No differences. Same mechanism for all knowledge, correct or spurious. Society has special mechanisms for science to be tested against reality every so often (especially through the PHD system of selecting authority figures). Knowledge from a 'scientific' authority is more likely to be based on objective fact than anything else. However, there is still massive scope for error, especially in what the public believes if something is mis-identified as a scientific fact. I'm thinking things like dietary science. The public perception on what the science says seems to be somewhat malleable. Are you suggesting that a government, having regulated against specific capable farmer running farms, should raise taxes to colossal levels if they observe food shortages? I suspect you want to rephrase your comment. That argument seems to have a non-sequitur in it. The Go community learned to understand that the margin of victory is meaningless along time ago. The most famous game of Honinbo Dosaku, a famous Go player from the late 1600s, is arguably a game where he gave a handicap to his opponent and lost by one point. Lee Chang-Ho, who was the reigning champion in the late 90s, had a style that consistently tried to win by small margins. AlphaGo now appears to be better than humans in all aspects of gameplay, and it better at calculating very thin margins of probability that a human cannot. This is not unique to any individual aspect of its gameplay; against humans it can also win by huge margins depending on what mistakes the human makes. At this point, there is no evidence that the limiting factor in these cases is AI/software. The limiting factor with the neighbors cat is the robotics of having a robust body and arm attachment. We know that the scope of current AI can: 1) Identify a request to feed a cat 2) Identify the cat, cat food and cat's bowl from camera data 3) Navigate an open space like a house Being able to clean an arbitrary building is also more the challenge of building the robot than the AI identifying garbage on a floor or how to sweep something. It is not clear there are hard theoretical limits on an AI any more. There are economic limits based on the cost of a programmer's attention. There are lots of hardware limits (including processor power). Pay attention to the 2nd dot point under known issues. This release uses Wayland, and that has profound implications for screenshot, streaming and remote desktop-ing. The Wayland protocol apparently made some bold decisions to enforce security through isolation, and apart from the compositor it is all but impossible for anything to sneak a peak at what other programs are doing visually. It'll be interesting to see if that causes users a problem. We had an article on the Kelly criterion just the other day that handily refutes your point. Even if bitcoin is certain to crash, without a deep understanding of when (and by extension, how) a naive futures trader still runs a good chance of being eaten alive, or making poor returns. Stating bitcoin will crash is a bit like the conventional wisdom that smoking is bad for your health. One can reasonably be very confident in the truth of it without being confident in specific odds on any bad outcome. In fairness to Hadley, his tidyverse reshapes the R language from a horrible artifact of the 80s into a useable semi-modern environment. I don't think there are that many statisticians who were up to the challenge. My experience integrating his work was feeling 30 odd years of programming improvements hitting my workflow. He deserves great praise for that service. There are some caveats on 'rent seeking' that mean it has quite a small impact. Technically, rent seeking comes up in situations where a private individual is capturing the value created through, eg, public infrastructure. The public can take this value for themselves through a land tax. The profit made from maintaining a productive asset isn't considered 'rent'. So, for example, renting out a house is not necessarily rent seeking behavior (!!) because the landlord is maintaining the house. The rent-seeking part is when the rent is raised because a new local train station opens. In this slightly technical instance, eliminating rent seeking, by definition, is likely to reduce the income to the those who are not adding any value. The behavior that is dis-incentivised was, again by deffinition, never economically productive. Economically productive investment (ie, capitalism) is supposedly untouched. Investors and retirees have to reallocate their investments into productive ventures instead of rent seeking, hopefully at no loss to their income. The theory and practice might not be the same thing, I'm no economist. There is a slightly more subtle point to be made here. Politics is too complicated to generalise, but here is the kernel of the idea for others to mull on. In my view, the part of the government most mobilised to deal with climate change is likely to be aligned to the (hopefully small number of) political actors comfortable with the idea of people getting less energy/more expensive energy/no growth in available energy. I don't want these people in the seat of power under any circumstances. They have views that are a direct threat to my comfort and standard of living. Cheap energy should always be a priority. EDIT Just for reference, focusing only on electricity and ignoring the broader energy market, I have read that South Australia (where Elon Musk is building his big battery) is competitive for world's highest electricity prices. The German energiewende has driven them to top 2 or 3 in Europe for prices paid by consumers. France, who has some of the cheapest and cleanest electricity in the world, runs nuclear. Ironically, in Australia, the most pro-nuclear party is also the anti-climate-change party. There are so many factors here that it is difficult to assess the article. The key for me, which doesn't seem to be discussed, is asking why did the doctors opt for a slower procedure? If they have a financial incentive to keep the patient in the operating theater for longer, that is a problem and needs to be addressed. If they are slowly learning a new technique (as the article seems to be hinting) that is normal but interesting. If they are using a more precise technique to bring complicated cases up to the average outcome, that is praiseworthy and should be lauded. This article is interesting regardless, but there isn't enough in it to draw a conclusion. The claim that Econ 101 does not apply to the labour market is a pretty extreme claim. If the studies aren't showing a consensus, I'm betting on Econ 101. Note that below, jasode has pointed out that the 1994 Card & Krueger study was based on phone surveys rather than payroll data. There is some real and interesting debate on the question of should the cost of minimum living standards be borne by companies (through the minimum wage) or governments (through straight welfare). I'd love to see a compromise where it was still economic to do low-value work that is currently not done due to minimum wages. You hit a nerve there. 1) The economy is everyone's business, especially when governments get involved. It is better for us all if things are discussed publicly, politely and with all views available (albeit, potentially rebutted). 2) Arguing that something that looks like a reasonably competitive market is not a reasonably competitive market is an extreme claim. Low-wage labour might not be a competitive market, but the evidence bar for showing that is still high. 3) Your article is a good read, but it has 2 bits of data that I'm already happy to agree with: 3.a) There is more going on with immigration than supply and demand; skills transfer is a big deal and I would expect migrants to have more gumption because they have shown some initiative migrating. 3.b) Raising the minimum wage obviously doesn't always have a "big immediate negative impact". The magnitude of the negative impact might be fast, slow, big or small based on how carefully the minimum wage is set. But the politics of minimum wages don't look like they are being imposed on the basis of a straightfoward economic case. They are being set first by politicians, justified second by some economists. But in practical terms, aren't human drivers basically simulating little trains running on analog tracks with collision avoidance systems? The obvious solution in this case is to get rid of the human driver of the truck that collided with the autonomous vehicle, because he was demonstrating behavior that wasn't intelligent. I have a favorite article on voting [1]. It has good visual descriptions of how different systems favour different styles of candidates. Plurality voting is a lot better than not having a democracy; imho at least the worst candidate will be excluded. My understanding is also that democracies of any form (including republics) tend to get much better military results than dictatorships, but I don't have any actual evidence to cite :(. [1] http://zesty.ca/voting/sim/ I need no convincing that decisions get made based on tax rates. However, I call "correlation is not causation" on this particular article. It is highly possible that tax increases and migration are both linked to some third variable ('local conditions') and the /Testing the validity of the results/ section of the article does not convince me that this possibility has been ruled out. Establishing why there is a link here requires more information. I have observed that governments hate raising taxes because it upsets voters. In practice, resistance to raising debt takes a back seat to upsetting voters. If a government is raising taxes, in my experience, the economy is struggling and making up the government budget with debt isn't an option (for whatever reason). It is possible that rate of tax follows a similar principle where prosperous regions need a lower rate to achieve a better result. Yeah, but that isn't actually very strong causative evidence. If there is a confounding variable, maybe upending a scientists life and moving states takes longer than than the legislature raising the tax rate. Maybe the tax change compounds the impact of another variable and is followed by their relocation (ie, the tax change contributes to the decision, but isn't the root cause). The point is, "A causes B" is a much stronger statement than "A and B are related". There is solid evidence of a relationship, because the core of their study is a statistical test of correlation. The causative elements here are of a speculative nature, because they didn't gather any data on cause. Cause is being extrapolated from a correlation, which is dangerous thinking. The conclusion here is a good one to be circumspect about. No accountant, but here is an explanation: Say I open a sauna in a desert. Probably not going to pay any rent, probably not going to make any money. Under zaroth's suggested way of looking at the situation this something like $0 debt, $0 asset. Say I open a sauna in a luxurious ski resort. Now maybe I have some huge 'debt' of rent * lease lifetime; but I also have a productive asset worth some hopefully large (the right to put the sauna somewhere it will get customers). If we only account for the debt only, we are at some level asserting that opening the sauna in the desert was a better bet because the rent is lower. This is clearly stupid, the rent is half of a transaction where we are claiming value. If the business owner puts the upcoming lease payments on their books as a liability, then to keep the picture clear they should also be adding a productive asset to the books that represents their valuable location. If they are operating a rational business, it is likely that the asset added is equal to or greater than the liability. This isn't mixing debt and value. The core point is that if the business is taking on a debt we should have regard for what the debt is being spent on, and the principle is that taking on a debt shouldn't immediately reduce equity in a business because it should be balanced by an asset. > You can be in more debt but overall have a more profitable enterprise, right? Yes. But if the businesses are identical in every way (management, worker skill, etc, etc) then they should have identical earning potential. If they are different in a way that is profitable, that difference is an accounting asset. It doesn't matter how similar the hypothetical sauna in the desert is to the profitable sauna, the better location will result in better profits. > This again confuses me - the debt is a sure thing. You signed a contract, meaning you have to pay up no matter what. No. Nothing about the future is certain. I don't even mean that in the pedantic philosophical way, it is a very practical concern. If, eg, my fictional ski resort was buried in an avalanche that the rent would be extinguished (in sane jurisdictions, anyhow). The business might also be limited liability and go bankrupt - same $0 loss worst case as the desert. > there's a million ways you could mess up and make less money than you intended. That is true of any asset. Risk is an accepted concept. Even 'risk free' assets are only risk free assuming the law doesn't change. > If guessing the future value of productive assets was simple, then investors of all kinds would have a super easy job. So how could we possibly put the productive asset in the books with a straight face? Because 'we' think it has value. It passes the 'someone with money is paying for it' test. Guessing values isn't easy, but at some point we do have to do it to compare options. > Isn't that borderline fraud? I'm not going to try and lawyer and account at the same time, but accounts books aren't some magical tome that is always right. Sometimes erroneous valuations make it into them. The accountants do the best they can. There are no set of accounts so correct they can make things true. There are reasonable and unreasonable assumptions. "I think this lease is net-positive for equity" can be a reasonable assumption. In fact, it usually will be. Yes, but also this scheme is best rejected as being too convoluted. 1) Someone needs to assess pre-accident prices of every house. That isn't as easy as it sounds, it is a massive logistic challenge (and open to corruption from all angles). 2) This links a nuclear company's performance (after a disaster) to the property market, where they have no inherent expertise. That isn't fair or sensible. 3) If the company has to pay some sort of transactions tax on housing (eg, as is the case in Australia) then they are facing enormous costs even if the market value doesn't change. 4) The vast sums of money involved would probably bankrupt them for cash flow reasons even if the whole transaction were notionally profitable. 5) All of this doesn't even incentivise good behavior. May as well pass a law that if things go wrong the company gets wound up - same basic result (this is not a good idea either imo). Also, the people who are concerned about trading dollars for lives probably don't want to become regulators [1]. We don't know how to run a 0-death society and there are decisions that must be made in practice. Valuing life with money is a great way of doing that. [1] https://www.theglobalist.com/the-cost-of-a-human-life-statis... There are two parts to the analysis though; this chain sounds like it is comparing death from radiation to completely normal life. The comparison in the article is death from radiation vs death from evacuation. Being compulsorily and unexpectedly evacuated from your home is catastrophic. My memory of Fukashima is that experience of living as an evacuee looked very woeful. If people lose 12 months to stress and whatnot from an evacuation, is losing 9 months to cancer really that much worse? I've lost a relative to cancer, the quality of his life was actually quite high until the last month. I've seen chronic depression do much more damage. I'm not advocating either, but if there is a choice to be made I don't think it is clear. A lot of the responses drift away from the article to broader issues of nuclear power - cool. But it would be wise to focus on this point: After nuclear accidents, governments are compulsorily ejecting people from their homes. This isn't the end of the world, but it is clearly an extreme action. There should be some standard of evidence that they are held to before they do this. Maybe most of the people would leave anyway. The question needs to b asked. The bloke in the article is making a point that evacuations might be worse than radiation. This is a point that seemed likely to me after reading about Fukashima. It is possible we are facing a scenario where: * Governments are ejecting people from their homes * This is leading to worse outcomes than if they where allowed to live there peacefully or leave at their own speed If this is the case, we really need clearer standards to stop governments acting this way. There is a real problem with asking 'to be given financial advice'. Before any meaningful talk can be had about setting common financial levers to get a result, what people really need is someone to sit down with and have an in-depth conversation about what life goals. You can't really receive meaningful financial advice without taking position on the following: 1) Are you comfortable committing to a lifetime of working? 2) Is there reasonable scope for a high risk high reward venture? Eg, entrepreneurship, acting. 3) Do you determine your personal comfort in terms of how other people perceive it (expensive & common option), or do you use your own metrics? 4) What is your personal understanding of retirement? Without that orientation, there isn't really a generic position to take on debt (it might be good or bad). There isn't a generic position on investments (might be good or bad). If someone is really being taken to the cleaners maybe there is a quick change to be made, but really "personal finance" is more about expectations and habits than knowledge ad howto guides. The fundamentals of personal finance intuitively easy to grasp, to the point of absurdity - if you consistently spend more than you earn, you will run out of money. End of the story. If you spend a lot less (10-20% of your earnings go into savings), you will weather surprises easily. If you earn a stupid amount less (40%+ pre-tax earnings saved) you will have a very easy later life. That all only scratches the surface of orienting a strategy, let alone the details of how the myriad investment options and retirement mechanisms work. 'Money' occupies a position of special privilege: 1) Your tax office requires your taxes to be paid with local currency 2) Because of this, you are obliged to routinely measure your economic activity relative to the yardstick of your local currency Bitcoin doesn't have the same special place. My beefs with quantitative easing are: 1 - Whoever spends the money first is treated by the economic system as having done something useful for their money; when they have not. 2 - it distorts the yardstick we measure everything with. Eg, someone born in the 60s probably hasn't really adjusted their gut-feel for how much $1,000,000 is really worth these days. This just seems like confusing people for no reasons, and hence a bad idea. Bitcoin ain't doing neither of these things. It is fine by me. Wealth creation even, if it doesn't bust spectacularly. Well, gold owes it's continued existence to the continued holding of the laws of physics. Practically, I suspect Bitcoin relies on the reach bitcoin mining networks. If, eg, China's bureaucrats go mad and split China off from the main internet for a decade, what happens to bitcoin? I've been led to believe the serious mining pools are Chinese. Gold doesn't care about that sort of thing at all, it just keeps existing. There are arguments for both. Storing metal is a cost. Excel spreadsheets aren't maintainable, but in context there are some subtleties. If the process is upgraded to a full-blown piece of 'real' software, now you need a full-blown software dev to maintain it. A better result from more resources isn't a clean improvement, it is just a change. Straddling the line between 'technically best outcome' and 'cheapest workable outcome' is what businesses strive to do. In most mature businesses change should be approached extremely cautiously; everybody loves changing things and the costs are frequently big. What about, say a statistician? Good odds that a statistician or mathematician would have a better grasp of what the numbers imply than a medical practitioner. Based on the doctors I know, the medical world does not have an especially profound understanding of how to deal with large amounts of data. Their specialities are diagnosis or specialist surgery, not data. If the data is so scary we have to hide it then there are glaring problems that need to be addressed. Sure there are misleading edge cases; but believing that accurate data will be worse than word of mouth is, quite frankly, unwarrented. Is it really though? A big class of imperfect information games can be modeled by having a record of everything the agent has seen so far. Then it has exactly the same, if not more, information available than a human player in the same position. We know that with equal information AIs can make better decisions than humans (see also, AlphaGo :] ) so at that point the AI could reasonably be expected to achieve superhuman performance. The "imperfect information games are harder for AI" crowd are going to be surprised by just how badly humans deal with imperfect information. AIs have a much better memory than humans do, and much more potential to use actual probability which humans are truly shocking at utilising (although neural networks don't seem to utilise this edge; so far). Your point is correct, but the thing to note is that until AlphaGo I don't think we've seen an AI improve quite that fast. The AlphaGo Fan had an elo ~3,150 and it was correct that Lee Sedol (elo ~3,500) would win against it. Google showed up to play Lee Sedol with a ~3,750 elo network. 600 elo in 6 months is basically unprecedented growth in Go AI strength, and took AlphaGo from "it can play a good professional game" to "gee, maybe the No. 1 human can take a game off it". I'm getting the number from the AlphaGo wiki page. I'm looking forward to hearing a long-form rational of the :args :ret :fn function instrumenting decisions, and seeing if the devs see it as an easy choice or up for debate. It feels really uncomfortable declaring a full spec for a function & instrumenting it, then getting feedback if the args don't conform to spec but Clojure being A-OK if the return value doesn't. I understand well that in theory the functioning of a function can be fully checked in a proactive test framework, but the process for testing return values is way clunkier and less fun than testing argument values. It just seems weird that the function has a spec, the function doesn't conform and Clojure doesn't seem to be bothered. I can see it will only be a matter of days until I have Orchestra installed for all my projects. I dunno the nuances in America, but from an Australian perspective; this sort of rule is a great target for removal, it is too prescriptive. It would be better to have a rule 'costs must be clearly identified to consumers before the time of purchase' and then hit everyone with it. Companies have to comply with regulation. That literally means they need to have a person who audits that the rule is being complied with (amongst other compliance duties). If the rule is not being complied with, someone must fix it even if the airline ticket would be easily comparable without the rule. Management must put valuable time and attention into this process because they are obliged to comply with the rules. On the other hand, the government has to check the rule. They have to read it, interpret it and enforce it. If they don't then why exactly bother having it? Less rules (but still clear, and possibly with guidelines that while not strictly mandatory are /strongly recommended/) is easier to audit and enforce. AlphaGo isn't a human, but it played Go in a human manner. When reviewing the games it is hard for Go players not to talk about 'intent' and 'planning'. The actual process for making the move was actually very human, in my view. Superhuman execution, but the basic process was how a human played. It is interesting to see how that translates into Chess. When AlphaZero wins it is playing games that exercise a beautiful positional judgment. There are a couple of very elegant games where a material advantage for Stockfish just didn't translate into a meaningful edge on the board. If the Go experience is any guide, this is a glimpse in the direction of the ideal we should aspire to playing Chess. As a society, we have demonstrated a remarkably limited ability to coherently articulate what the problems are. Now, if you can articulate a clear problem, I might be persuaded that engineers as class will solve it a specific way. But my experience is that once a problem is identified anyone could do it. Identifying the problem is the part that generates friction. In the one-line example you came up with, you imply: * Working is good * Economic productivity is the end goal * Possibly a link between morality and citizenship * That 'replacement' based on some unknown process will be legitimate If I am allowed to assume things like that, every human problem becomes easy and I can engineer it. But a 'landslide' in politics is 60% agreement on a subject - assumptions like this do not fly. I, for example, disagree with at least 2 of those points. I think there is also a pretty pervasive over-estimation of how capable humans are. As I see more of the failure modes of deep learning, a lot of successes and mistakes made by humans start to become more understandable. Machines don't need to be perfect or avoid failures; like humans, they need to work most of the time and then be used in systems that are tolerant of their potential faults and mistakes. The secret assumption is that things will break and the builder will learn how things might break and how to fix them. I've had a lot of fun with LFS, but if everything goes smoothly it is a bit pointless. When builds broke or I missed components there was an opportunity to better my understanding of the system. Experience with multiple failure modes in a safe environment - it counts for a lot. It also forces you to learn what the dependency graph looks like and a little bit of why, which can be helpful. People cannot make decisions using facts; there are too many issues at play and the interactions between the facts are too complicated. In practice decisions are made by copying other socially successful persons. It seems completely obvious to me that any social grouping will have some strongly held convictions that are not based on fact. A unique set of sacred cows that persist because it is orders of magnitude faster to copy successful examples than figure out why they were successful. I mean, I applaud efforts to align cultural conversation with fact. Very worthwhile activity. But it seems more important to me to accept that social groups can behave erratically, and that nothing should be taking precedence over the rule of law; and anything that looks like mass hysteria should be resisted. The enemy is the idea that 'everybody knows' something and therefore due process can be thrown out. I recall the slogan 'Not My President' being trotted out when Trump won. That sort of thing is dangerous. Disagreeing with the result of an election? That is fine. A bout half the population can do that. Chipping away at the legitimacy of the electoral process, because you can't say and do what Trump says and does? Huge threat. The companies can hire whoever they want however they want within the law. They certainly could not hire this bloke. However, if they want to hire someone who only has accusations against him, I don't see the problem. Businesses can and do hire full-fledged known criminals (typically after they've paid their legal penalty); and this is better for us all then having them uselessly sitting around. Many of them will still be perfectly good workers. Having done something illegal doesn't mean getting ejected from society; being accused certainly doesn't. If the economic system could speak, which it cannot, a crisis would be it saying 'hold on! we're giving scarce resources to people who are not using productively'. Now there are really only two ways this can play out: 1) Organically, whoever was making the (economically) poor decisions is removed from the system by virtue of going broke. 2) The government steps in and the taxpayer settles debts. Once you enter (2) territory, which is what the US did in the '07 crisis, it really doesn't matter who you give the money to. You are still going to have economic mismanagement. It will continue unless it somehow gets so catastrophic that not even the government can settle it. Now, the US government is pretty powerful, so maybe that day will never come. But if they are going to get involved at all, why into give the money directly to the little people? They are already throwing out the principles of good economic management. Heartily agreeing. If the Reals are fundamentally the set of all points that make up a line, the "imaginary numbers" are the set of all 2d points in a plane. Turns out there was never a call to limit numbers to living in a straight line, but our notation was settled on before we realised that. I'm got grumpy just earlier this evening that the first 9 negative numbers didn't get their own glyphs. i is basically "rotate by 90" in the same way -1 is "head left from 0 instead of right" This response by the battery is really interesting. And it is certainly helping the Australian grid. However, it is worth noting that the Australian grid, South Australia's in particular, is so woefully mismanaged that almost anything goes. South Australia is in the running for the most expensive electricity in the world [1]. As far as I've been able to tell, we aren't building coal or nuclear because there are outrageous political risks (opposition party & green lobby policy will probably make them uneconomic in the next decade); we aren't building anything else because because the economic option is coal. I think there is some sort of fracking ban that seems to have caused a gas shortage - I don't really understand that. Long story short; Australia has looming electricity generation problems due to government policy and this battery is helping, but it is not fixing them. [1] http://www.abc.net.au/news/2017-11-17/curious-adelaide-the-p... I'm going to read the paper carefully and think hard, but going in to it I still have philosophical issues saying imperfect information is 'fundamentally' different. Sure, the specific learning algorithm may not generalise from board games to poker. But to claim that Go is perfect-information is more theoretical than practical. In practice, the 50% of moves your opponent makes are unknowns. Nobody can assess the entire game tree, so the fact that it is theoretically knowable isn't actually relevant in a game. Neither computers nor humans can compute it. Once the tree can be reasonably computed, between high level players the game is over (bar the occasional blunder). The current state in Go is the state of the board, the current state of poker includes some historical data. This difference is only significant to humans because we have quite poor memories. An AI has perfect recall, and the fact that a variable is temporal really doesn't make a difference to the theory. (Coincidental aside, this is an issue in Go as well due to the ko rule; but it isn't a major part of the game such as in poker.) It is a weird, but entirely correct, assumption that all markets operate in a legal framework and are thus regulated. What does 'more banking regulation' or 'less banking regulation' even mean? If the government enacts 'more' legislation that ossifies the practices from before financial crisis, that clearly cannot be an improvement. Talking about more or less regulation is just setting the government up to be manipulated by the highest bidder, who can specify what changes in a way that looks like 'more' or 'less' of something. The rules need to be changed to promote honesty and not create perverse incentives. This requires /different/ regulation, and to demand specific changes. Nobody agrees on what those changes should be afaik. I write this with a fairly pro-nuclear-energy bias. Is it even possible to reliably measure this? Sure, the statistical test says 'significant', but the number of potential confounding geographic variables must be enormous. How can this study have possibly ruled out other pollutants, economic conditions, or suchlike correlating with how weapons test sites are chosen? It seems very plausible that nuclear weapons testing caused pollution, but it also seems plausible that the weapons were being tested in areas that were wilting. I don't know, but I am very cautious about using this data to conclude what specific effect radiation pollution has. The 'Robustness' section looks fairly cursory. It does seem clear to me that if hospitals & medical practices were run with the same culture as the airlines (ie, a high-integrity approach to risk) the results would be measurably better. However the political processes surrounding hospitals will block this. For example, there are lobby groups in the community that literally scream blue murder if decisions like "it isn't rational to live" are made in public. In Australia, we've been fighting the good fight to get euthanasia legalised for as long as I can remember. It is slow, hard going. A system that can't let people go is simply never going to allow public investigations - it hasn't accepted that quality of life takes primacy or that death is sometimes inevitable. Medical care is very political and they cannot support the results-oriented culture of the airlines. > In some cases I think the answer is to strip investors of control. They are the ones allegedly pushing short term profits at the expense of the long term. Hopefully this was a very fleeting thought; when it comes to ideas about changing corporate structure you couldn't really come up with a worse one. It is a complete violation of the skin-in-the-game principle that has so successfully propelled capitalist society for more than 200 years. If management aren't accountable to the wishes of people who have proven they can preserve or grow piles of money, there will be economic waste on a colossal scale compared to what we have now. Corporate management would be overwhelmed by fast talking con men. Turn your attention instead to the forces that are making short term decisions the better ones. I'm no expert, but if short-term thinking has been going on for a long-term time then something is more fundamentally wrong than "gee, people with money must just be stupid!". People don't seem to like accepting quite how rationally intelligent markets are - the only thing markets have been shown not to do well is make sacrifices for moral reasons. There is actually a slightly more damning view of the situation here than the moral issues around police safety. The police had complete control over how they approached this. Why then are they even in a position where they feel threatened? When we look at the outcome here, they just killed some dude for no reason. If this is acceptable to the police force; why not have them call out to the room with a megaphone? What is the worst case scenario then? Hostage gets shot by a criminal instead of a policeperson? In this day and age, they could just fly in a drone in with a microphone and and a speaker while they sit 200 meters behind a bullet proof screen. Instead they proactivly put themselves in a situation where they felt at personal risk from ... turned out to be some dude sitting in his house. How could they have come up with a worse plan? You'd probably find most people would go with the $5,000 guy. We're not talking Drunk Eddie suddenly being allowed to practice as a surgeon, the $5k guy will still have standards and steady hands. The risk differential is probably not worth a cheap car. It certainly doesn't seem to have panned out at all. Indeed, there are countries (eg, ie, Germany) that have moved away from nuclear; as far as I've been able to tell with the backing of the environmentalists and to the detriment of the actual environment. I really have to hold myself back from ranting about comparisons of countries using nuclear compared to their next door neighbors who do not. I've seen precious little evidence that nuclear power is anything but a positive for the environment compared to what people actually do in practice. But the environmental movement absolutely seems to hate it. I had to chuckle when I read "as simple as a real number". If we are being strict, anything beyond the natural numbers really introduces quite a puzzle over what on earth is going on. For example, we cannot represent the value of Pi in Hindu-Arabic notation; it stretches to some 'infinity' which is just bizarre and which we can't capture on paper. Saying it has a value opens up some interesting questions about what a number or a value actually is. I suspect people have very clear opinions which are all different from each other. So, I took a few goes to write this. It isn't my money and I certainly support companies being able to run or not run their own speculative diversity programs as they want. That being said, corporations and/or the business world aren't really the appropriate place for social experiments that take a generation to take effect. They are an excellent tool for taking scarce resources and divvying them up short term with value added. There seems something very questionable about the idea a corporation embarking on a generational experiment to bring about social change if they have no evidence on it's efficacy. I'd probably call that small-scale political action funded by other people's money if I saw it in a public corporation, and would much prefer to see less of it. I'm a fan of evidence-based management. I mean, the gender ratio's in tech are pretty lopsided; and we have enough stories to know there is outrageous behavior afoot. Surely there are some low hanging wins that can be hit a bit more quickly than 20 years out. Can't tell if this is satire or not. Just in case it isn't; we'd all benefit from laws that ordinary people can read, understand and follow. When the quantity of law grows so great and complicated that nobody can feasibly read it becomes hard to be a law abiding citizen. Lawyers, despite rumors otherwise, are ordinary people too and benefit from clearly written law, in English for English speaking countries. > If people "on the left" won't allow him to speak, where exactly do you expect him to go? Adding to this; we should bear in mind that while nobody specific speaks for "the left"'s moral judgments, at least some people literally won't allow him to speak. Secondly, he was never trying to be a martyr and we shouldn't expect him to be one. He was posting a controversial opinion on a message board marked for controversial opinion. He was clearly putting in a solid attempt to be objective and to employ facts and evidence. He has some academic exposure to the fields he was talking about. He didn't expect to be targeted the way he was; he likely wasn't trying to set himself up as a hero of free speech; and he doesn't have to do a walk of shame through hostile talk shows to justify his intentions if he doesn't feel like taking the (unjustified) heat. In a strictly literal sense, which might be the best for getting everyone on the same page, that is true. No question that Damore made mistakes; most sane people would never have let an opinion like that touch paper during office hours, and google will hopefully review the terrible idea of having a 'controversial opinions' forum. However, his mistake is the debate's gain - the response is clearly disproportionate on several levels. This is an opportunity to identify the people calling for his life to be destroyed and convince them that their definition of various -isms is calibrated a little too high. Or failing that, to try and get some moderates into positions of power rather than the hard left. It is a shame to see Assange's welfare reduced to being a bargaining chip like this, but one imagines that he has upset too many powerful people and it is only a matter of time for him until he is back in the justice system and shuffled into a cell somewhere. I'll be counting him lucky if he avoids something like Guantanamo. It really amazes me how many people claim there are no conspiracies against Assange though - the number of things that went from 'conspiracy theory' to 'uncomfortable fact' because of Wikileaks is obviously no evidence of anything. I remember what it was like watching discussion of the 5 Eyes before Wikileaks; people were written off as cranks for opinions that turned out to be very well rooted in fact. If Wikileaks' leadership gets shut down, we are going to lose a very comforting level of insight into how decisions are actually being made by people in power; and what the moral realities of government actually are. Even if we can't justify drawing a sharp line between humans and everything else, you get into very tricky ground if you do not. Ant colonies have a similar biomass to humankind [1]. If humans aren't exceptional, do we acknowledge some sort of responsibility to provide for ants? Can they draw on welfare? If we separate by intelligence ... humans are clearly quite exceptional. Even then though, if we reject human exceptionalism we will need convoluted definitions. Can a town itself sue you for leaving because the intelligence of the town itself decreases? Is a corporation a philosophical as well as legal entity? Can they feel pain? A corporation can 'speak'; to some extent independently of the people in it. Humans may well not be exceptional in the harsh world of facts and science. We still have to act as though we are or we may as well give way to nihilism. The line has to be drawn somewhere. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Biomass_(ecology) It'd be more comforting to see something done by a psychologist. A correlation between physical violence and negative verbal sentiment doesn't seem that surprising. That talk on an online forum precedes violence is plausible. Claiming talk online /causes/ violence is a little surprising and has dangerous political implications, ie, makes a case to target speech of AfD, which polled a respectable ~10% in the last German federal election. You are underselling how long 30 years is. In my honest opinion, you just can't punish someone for that long because the person you have after 20 years isn't going to be the same person who committed the crime. Sure the crime deserves worse; but I don't believe we can deliver on that, and holding someone is very expensive. I'm still under 30, so I am literally forced to imagine what it is like. 30 years is currently outside the scope of my experience. It is beyond my gut conception of forever. Once I get old enough to have a practical idea of what 30 years is (say, 40), a 30 years sentence might as well be a life sentence as it would easily consume the remainder of my productive life. Food subsidies are a transfer payment to the people buying food. But the theory is that subsidies create waste - resources are diverted to creating food that wouldn't be if it were unsubsidesed. The economically honest change would be to cut the subsidy, give out a welfare payment of a similar amount, and then let the market sort itself out. Nobody is a net loser, but the economy can reallocate resources out of farming if it wants. In this case, presumably foreigners would pick up food production and the Americans would go build infrastructure or something instead of farm. I dunno how feasible the politics is, but that is the basic "everyone wins" case. Arguably the farmers might be worse off because they have to find something else to do. If putting economists in charge somehow curtails monopolies, externalised costs, tragedies of the commons and boom and bust business cycles then someone really should sit down and get that news out there. Nothing I've heard suggests economists outperform a healthy democratic process. Monetary policy is one that is more up for debate - it seems reasonable that it can have a positive effect on gdp, but something has decoupled GDP from measures that actually effect people. I think that something is monetary policy, and note in passing that GDP was, prior to 1970, a much better proxy for energy/capita than it is now [1]. I watch the US economy with curiosity and note, for example, that core inflation, the central plank of US monetary policy, excludes basically anything I spend money on. [1] EDIT: https://wilcoxen.maxwell.insightworks.com/pages/804.html First I’ll address inflation measures as they apply to me, then I’ll just air some fringe views that hopefully you will enjoy reading. EDIT And thirdly I'll extensively change what was written because I'm pretty sure it misrepresented the monetarist theory of inflation. I’m happy to be corrected on this, but ‘inflation’ in the US is usually the CPI-U series; less Food and Energy when the Federal Reserve sets monetary policy; not the PCE with which I am unfamiliar. I got weights from [1], which suggest 25% weighting to a theoretical owners rent component which in reality I don’t pay because I don’t have a mortgage. Obviously the index can't apply to everyone, happens not to apply to me. I would love to see a comparison of CPI weights vs average expenditure, which might make me feel a lot better, but I don't know where to find that info. As for elaborating on the monetary policy part, I broadly subscribe to the idea that a 10% increase in the amount money should link to a comparable reduction in the value of a unit of currency. That is basically using a personal inflation rate that is the rate of increase in the M2. The core inflation rate is The big downside of this is all the usual stats become questionable – particularly ‘real GDP growth’, which I mentally downgrade by 2%. A lot of monetarist inflation types end up looking to measures like energy/capita, which is theoretically a measure of real wealth that can be used without relying on understanding inflation calculations. I like that measure for my own reasons. [1] https://www.bls.gov/cpi/tables/relative-importance/home.htm Bah, you're very convincing, I'm going to have to go away and reformulate what I'm upset about. I can see that I've been using the wrong terms for everything. I save a lot of money, and I can't construct a big-picture argument that satisfies me of how 5% increases in the money base aren't really bad for someone and I want to know who (I still think it is savers, but no longer have an argument for that). That being said, I now see that any issues I come up with fall completely outside GDP and inflation. However, your 200 coins scenario is not very agreeable to me: 1) Minor point, there is an assumption of over capacity where the widget producer could presumably produce 9 spare widgets most years. 2) More subtle point, widgets require raw resources to produce. Ignoring the machine to make the widget, the actual widget is presumably made of stuff or in the case of a service, the cost is the stuff required to maintain the servicer's lifestyle. Your scenario has quietly assumed that there are sufficient resources for our purposes. I see the question on monetary policy as being ‘does this assist in the efficient allocation of resources’. I do accept that as correct, I don’t accept it as fundamentally relevant to what I think is important, because it hasn’t made reference to the resources used to produce the widgets (ie, what was the opportunity cost) and hence begs my question. The mechanics of the situation aren’t just the feelings of how much people want to pay, they are linked to resource availability vs willingness of market participants to work for what they want. It has made me understand why I thought inflation was irrelevant to my circumstances. 4) If a rational actor appears with excess currency and doesn't want to compete with other consumers for presently available resources, then they aren’t going to sit there cheerfully with 19 currency in their pocket. If they aren’t going to buy current resources, they will buy control of future resources. Otherwise it raises the question of to what end did they accept the new currency and why is it being created? I'm going to have to stop there because my complaints need rebuilding, but I think I'll end up finding out what the name for asset-price inflation and properly learn about the velocity of money, but is since it isn't expressed in inflation then it must be competing for future resources which I expect to turn up in asset prices. If that formulation survives scrutiny, then something really interesting must be afoot to do with how future claims on resources will be settled. Thanks again for your interest, this has been a very illuminating conversation for me that has reduced my ignorance of economics substantially and will improve my arguments in the future. Ayn Rand was very much about following through with commitments. If Gevers has a long track record of failed ventures because he aimed higher than he was capable of achieving then he is indeed a self-made man who saw an opportunity and took it in the fine Randian style. If he is a con-man who said he is going to do something then took the money and ran without putting in a serious effort, he isn't an example of her philosophy. Rand accepted people being selfish because in practice selfishness has been proven no barrier to creating prosperity for everyone. She didn't accept dishonesty. If it helps; I agree with your assessment that someone could totally screw others over as long as they were sure wouldn't personally get in trouble for it. That is pretty much at the core of the argument. I recall a case in Australia where someone mailed seniors saying 'you own shares valued at $X. I will buy them off you for half that. Please respond' and made a substantial profit from the scheme. Objectivism accepts that as a moral situation. I can't see any elements of the No True Scotsman fallacy here however hard I look - the philosophy is that when someone is truthful and follows through with what they say they will do then they are being moral. There isn't even an objection to people being altruistic; the only objection is forced altruism. It isn't a friendly philosophy but it is quite clear as far as moralities go. Nothing escapes from shades of grey. I'll just remind you I'm not an objectivist, I'm just trying to explain how I see it working. It does seem pretty reasonable to me personally though so I'm happy to advocate for it. > in order to make a profit the shares must have been worth more than $2X in reality so the person lied and they didn't check the lie. No, you misunderstand, he told them the market price then offered them half the market price. He basically straight up told them they could sell them on the market for twice what he was offering. I don't know the details of why they accepted, I think they didn't understand how to sell stock. They guy was scrupulously honest, he just offered them a jaw-droppingly bad and unfair deal. > Okay cool. So no matter who the mark is (an elderly person, or a child) I see an implicit question there. Yes, the elderly and children have no special protection under Objectivism. The objectivist treatment of how that could be acceptable is: * For children, their parents have rational incentive to protect and nurture them (otherwise why have them? They cost a fortune). If something happens to the parents, there are individuals who will rationally adopt to (or maybe just want to). * For the elderly, they have to make provisions for their ageing while they are younger. Much like what self-funded retirees try to do. The objectivist argument is that children and the elderly aren’t protected very well by other standards of morality, which have not proven robust when tested. Stories of child suffering and taking advantage of the aged are not rare. Even extremely moral institutions (such as churches [1]) have committed atrocities. Objectivism doesn’t promise better outcomes for the weak, but objectivists don’t expect the situation to get worse for them. > tell me where Ayn Rand's theory says you can't do that #2 seems straightforward, workers have a supervisor who is paid to make sure they don’t do that. He sacks them if they are uncooperative. The worker isn't particularly immoral, just stupid. He will be out of work. #1 is really a question of how enforcing property rights fit into an objectivist society. My understanding is that: 1) People agree rationally that they need an enforcement entity to protect property rights and personal freedoms. 2) This is either organised collectively through a government or individually through some sort of insurance-like mechanism. 3) Theft is dealt with. There are some interesting subtleties here: - Yes, if old mate unionist can get away with it then in a sense maybe he gets away with it on the moral scale too. To some degree, it falls to property owners to enforce property rights. - Objectivists can actually work collectively if everyone is contributing voluntarily. The idea would be that anyone who doesn’t contribute to the policing service wouldn’t get protection but also wouldn’t be prejudiced against. - Yes, in practice I can’t see this working in a philosophically pure way. This isn’t actually a problem for an objectivist any more than for anyone else who notices that their government doesn’t always represent their own moral preference. If the world were run by objectivists, you’d get a very basic service where it is easier to see that people are receiving assistance in proportion to their contributions. Americans, for example, believe in a fairly radical freedom of speech but still prohibit some very specific restrictions. - Objectivists can indeed form armies. Old-school Athenian Greek democracy is probably a template for how they would like o see that sort of thing run. [1] https://theconversation.com/royal-commission-recommends-swee... In raw "what is possible" terms I cannot fault you. But I really like the idea of fundamentals, and "what is likely" is a different kettle of fish. In a sense, share prices compete with the cost of starting a new company that does the same thing. P/E ratios of 230:1 mean an increasing risk that instead of someone buying your shares, they go and start a competitor. Then everyone buys that competitor instead. In any market there is an upper limit to the P/E ratio, and nobody wants to be the buyer who finds it. Especially if the company's income doesn't rise; because then you have to sell at a loss to recover any money. In practice, there is also the risk of catching a collapse in the market. They happen that, once every decade or so? Great time to be able to rely on an income stream when that happens. If the techniques in use put emphasis on correlation over causation then the results will be unfair. But once you put causation as the primary driver, is machine learning still powerful? My understanding of a causative model is that you start with a model that includes information sourced from real-life observation, then fit parameters from the data. That doesn't sound like machine learning to me. Isn't the point of the various machine learning methods to find obscure correlations? They will by really effective at picking up proxies for race and gender if race and gender are correlated to a statistic. The 'machine learning' part is irrelevant, the question here is an age-old one related to using data to make decisions. This is ... some very complicated intersection of economics, politics and morals. I see opinions drawn from an unorthodox sample of an unorthodox community and fixes to problems that haven't really been defined. The topic is delicate, but the comments here have, unusually, not satisfied my interest in the slightest. There is an interesting debate on something here, but the parameters of the question are poorly articulated. How is a community supposed to gauge the importance of even the opening questions raised by this article? Do we care more about securing the next generation? Creating a world where women get first pick of the role they will fill? Judging the value of marriage as an institution? Whining about how men/women have it tough? The structure of families have fundamental and far reaching demographic consequences. It is important at a clash-of-civilisations level and can make or break cultures. It'd be pleasing to have a language to talk about that without resorting immediately to anecdotes and solutions. It isn't at all backwards, it is an argument that there is no problem beyond any other industrial process. If a hypothetical future society doesn't have the technology and wherewithal to identify a nuclear waste dump then the situation will be so catastrophic that accidentally stumbling into a nuclear waste dump isn't going to register with said hypotheticals. France produces 10g/citizen/year of waste [1]. This is a tiny volume, I've seen slag heaps from pre-modern lead mines (thinking the 70s) that are bigger than that that will sit there polluting waterways and whatnot. Lead poisoning in lead mining towns is one of the long list of things that is probably worse than Chernobyl. This is not a challenge that would register in the public discourse if nuclear radiation was visible like electromagnetic radiation. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nuclear_power_in_France#Enviro... Nuking Japan was a highly experimental move to find out what would happen if the US deployed it's newest weapon in a war. The results were so horrific that it has only been done twice in a war setting. That seems to be comparable to the death star. New superweapon intended to maintain order; deployed against the nearest target. Similar to what happened in Japan, the death star would also have prevented tens of millions of meaningless deaths had it not been blown up by a group who would probably be labeled terrorists if we didn't have front-row seats into their motivations and ideologies. As human as that anecdote is, there are a long list of issues here. In particular, was the original idea that it would be a valuable part of the recovery in error? It is easy for me to imagine a pain that I would never voluntarily experience or inflict (this isn't even a very profound level of pain, I don't like suffering even in small doses). This threshold is regularly breached and I often come out of it as an improved person. Sometimes, and I'm thinking doctors and the military when I say this, people end up in situations where choices must be made. The situations are not emergencies and the choices affect other people in ways that the decider might not willingly accept for themselves. This is an unfortunate fact of the world not being a nice place. There are assumptions in calling that a subsidy, I identified these two that I have issues with: 1) The net externalities are measurably negative 2) The coal producers should be paying them There are clear and massive positive externalities to fossil fuel, and anyone arguing otherwise needs to take a deep breath. They are the foundation of modern civilisation, and we all get non-economic benefits from the era of unprecedented peace and prosperity that we live in. If we price in all the externalities, fossil fuels probably do deserve a subsidy. The renewables debate is about whether we have an alternative that is better than the historically magical substances we call fossil fuels. Since it has a higher EROEI than solar, if we are going to start pricing in externalities I would be comfortable arguing fossil fuels deserves a higher subsidy than solar for positive externalities. I don't think that is sensible, but neither do I accept that there is an 'implicit subsidy'. The 2nd assumption is a political question that afaik has been answered in the negative. It doesn't make sense to claim that they 'have a subsidy' when the system we use to determine if they should be paying for an externality (currently) accepts that they do not have to. Just for your benefit, an externality is a cost or benefit that is incurred by a party not involved in a transaction. Cheap energy generates positive externalities. Obviously I'm not talking about the buyer and the seller of the that energy, I'm talking about the social polity at large. There are positives to having large cheap energy reserves, and those positives are absolutely not priced in to the energy market. Cheap energy is an enabler that frees resources up for other tasks. It is not a reasonable position for someone to pretend that coal is 'implicitly subsidied' because they've picked up on one negative externality and decided that it should be priced in; the net picture needs to be considered. If we were going to price in all the externalities of having such a cheap and convenient but dirty fuel it might well get an actual subsidy, but that would be silly in its own right. This is one of the major reasons why the pro-renewables crowd has such difficulty convincing anyone to price in the environmental impacts. Sure, if the debate is had and we all decide that a specific negative externality is to be priced in then I've got no leg to stand on and I'll sing a different tune. But governments so far have implicitly accepted that that negative externality should not be priced in. Any user who learned to use office between 1990 and 2007 is well served by having a familiar interface. Now sure, there is a case that these user's comfort should be jettisoned for the future of the project. There is also a case that software projects (commercial and open source) regularly 'fix' things that aren't broken because they get bored. Change is not user friendly; it breaks tutorials, it weakens the support network, it risks good ideas getting lost. Don't get me wrong, if they do change things I'll probably support it, but if they stick to what worked for 20 years then we should support that too. I spend a lot of time talking about engineering problems, the word 'failure' now means something very specific to me. It means 'didn't work as intended'. If my cup leaks a bit, that is failure. Often things fail for very good reasons. That is really, really different from what failure means in everyday English, which is much closer to 'somebody didn't succeed due to a neglect of duty'. I usually regret the times I use the word failure in conversation, because in my head it has come to mean something that is really quite mild. I typically can't convey that to a normal listener if I reflexively slip it into a conversation. Maybe a literal translation from another language loses subtlety and becomes harsher following a similar principle? Each word has a range of meanings, and the closest word in a different language won't ever quite cover the same ground. You have hit the mark. And it isn't just exceptional circumstances; there is a skill and expectation distribution amongst human drivers that can be eliminated here. We don't really care about the best human drivers. The challenge is preventing the worst human drivers from sitting behind the wheel and eliminating edge cases where an otherwise competent driver is not fit to drive due to some personal circumstance. In what sense are you claiming advertising is negative sum? Who is meant to come out behind? The business buying advertising is ahead, the ad company is ahead and the consumer has something they decided they wanted. I see a lot of ads that are a mild waste of time because what they are selling isn't something that I'm buying, but that isn't negative sum. They are usually present in the context of free or subsidiesed services. Advertising isn't a crazy form of mind control where people are hypnotised into handing over money. Sure that might happen, but the vast majority of people I've met don't know they have a problem until it is pointed out to them. For example, in '07 I didn't find out about smartphones by word of mouth. I found out because Apple put a lot of effort into some very effective marketing. And there is pretty good evidence that the advertising industry is one facet of a larger apparatus developed to make sure that messages make it to the local word-of-mouth circles. I can't quite tell if I agree with you; so I shall attach this opinion. Science is characterised by being able to strip everything out of it down to a procedure to gather data and some guesses at how future data will look. Taking gravity as the classic example, in theory any person with any set of biases can put together a table with column A being mass and column B being distance to the ground and column C being time to fall the distance. From that, they could reconstruct Newton's Laws of Gravity if they measure everything carefully enough and are honest. Maybe the theory they come up with is F = g m / r^2 and the mechanism is tiny goblins. Cool. They can call that science as long as the goblins will always follow the rules. But the rules of evidence are very important, we can't claim the goblins are going to do something differently sometimes if we haven't observed it in the data. The data is the science. The formula and mechanisms are useful, but they are inevitably wrong in detail. Gravity isn't ever going to be the only effect measured in a data set, so no data set can ever perfectly confirm a theory correct, and certainly cannot confirm a mechanism. We don't need to rely on the scientists getting the mechanisms right. But we do need science to have a very high standard of measurement. It would help if they hold themselves back from coming up with crazy theories, but I don't know what a crazy theory looks like so I'm not going to try and police that today. > There's an innocent recommendation: people find Trump more engaging. 100% this. There seems a to be a presupposition in the 'fake news' debate that somehow there are right and a wrong choices in politics and anyone making the 'wrong' choice must be re-educated by the powers that be. I still recall the NSA scandal where it turned out they were indeed spying on everyone; that would undoubtedly have been branded 'fake news' pre-Snowden. One can easily imagine a world where a presidential candidate in favour of winding back the NSA apparatus was shut down, with videos talking about overreach being condemned as conspiracy theories. The only solutions here are communication and engagement of people with different ideas. Trying to police the truth will not end well; somebody will end up corrupting the systems in ways that end badly. If 'exploitation' is in the ethically neutral sense of taking something with latent potential and bringing it to bear then this isn't particularly controversial. Capitalism has a happy partnership with inequality. People who exploit resource effectively get given more resources; that is the heart of the system. Works really well. Builds societies that are the envy of the world. Even people who squander resources can expect to come out ahead (they get a small share of a bigger pie). Percentages are important, but one day movements are not. I think GPs point went to this logic: comparing one-day moves is irrelevant once we have, say, weekly or annual data. I think this movement is very interesting, but only because I expect more of the same and/or a distinct lack of recovery. If a 5% one-day move is really it then I don't care. I've never paid any special interest when the market rises by 5%. Markets go up and down. As a guess; communication happens in a moment, but also over a time. For example, I might have an apple and you might say to me 'give me your apple'. For me to distinguish between that being a 'request' or a 'demand', I need to observe what you do if I say no. If you try and take my apple by force, it was a demand. If you shrug and move on, or offer something in negotiation, it was a request. This is orthogonal to the fact it wasn't polite - it can be an impolite request. A lot of people can't distinguish a polite demand not backed by physical violence from a request, and that causes problems. Similarly, for me the difference between an apology and say a status play is whether someone changes their behaviors meaningfully after they apologise. If behaviors do not change, it was just a status thing or some other form of insincere apology. Another way is to make the apology conditional, which is really a form of polite demand (ie, demanding the conditional aspect of the apology with the threat of doing whatever the apology was for). This is subtle and can be quite manipulative. People sometimes recognise there is a problem but can't quite identify it. "I'll apologise for eating your apple when you apologise for being late and making me wait." That is a basic example. This isn't going to be a genuine apology, even if the apple-eater says sorry it is in context of something more akin to a negotiation. There is an implicit "if you cause me trouble, I am morally free to eat your apple in retaliation". There is no element of regret or mistake in this 'apology', which robs it of genuine impact. Incidentally, that sort of negotiation in this example is a bad idea because it immediately entangles actions (eg, being late), guilt (something has happened that demands an apology, ie, hurt must be immediately acknowledged) and a level of threat (future actions may still be met with retaliation because it was justified this time). If you reflect on that little 'apology' you can have quite a fun armchair psychology experience picking apart all the ways it conflates emotion, intent and action in ways that are unlikely to be helpful. Using the same approach on a subject more important than food can cause real damage. Many people would probably struggle to pick what was going wrong though, because on the surface it might look like an apology. > I dislike this reductive reasoning because it basically turns predatory businesses into saviors by taking mercy on the poor fools who dared to find themselves with no means to feed or house themselves. I'm onboard with a big chunk of what you are saying; we would have more if we wasted less, and we shouldn't organise ourselves such that we need to work more than we enjoy leisure time. On to the part where I disagree - this lead sentence is absurdly one-eyed and anti-business. Employees have agency; it isn't a label applied at birth that they can't shake. It is as easy to quit as to be fired. Nobody is worse off if new sources of employment are made available. While on the subject, I'm going to take a flying leap and say that the ideas behind there being "predatory businesses" are going to be completely at odds with the ideas behind "their jobs are pointless". To hold both these ideas in my head at once requires the company management to literally be insane and evil. I'm going to opine that they are not both. You might have misread what I put between the quotation marks, " predatory company" not " pointless company". It goes a fair bit against the grain of stereotype to describe the government as a predatory employer. > No, there is no guarantee. But you can develop an edge that is statistically distinguishable from random outcomes, and less formally, that distinguishes your activity from gambling. Sure, it isn't gambling, but there are lies, damn lies and statistics. The effect of survivorship bias in this field is massive. Consider that the random element isn't necessarily the stock performance over 12 months. The indicators the traders use are, in a sense, randomly determined by the trader's personality and knowledge. If the stock market operates in a deterministic fashion for, say, 10 year stretches (which I think is about the time between major recessions) then the rules get changed in a major way, this "statistically distinguishable" edge may well disappear taking a hypothetical small-time saver's retirement fund with it. We see this every time there is a crash, where a bunch of firms with a clear statistical edge go bankrupt because the statistical edge relied on some specific market condition. A lot of people make more money than me with clever deals, but at the end of the day the only strategy that everyone can follow simultaneously is creating more than they consume and stockpiling the excess. Maybe stockpile a little on the low side if they have faith in continuing benefits from technology growth outpacing population growth. Adding a few sentences to this point; the mechanism for this "AI system that passes the Turing test" likely to involve neural networks. So we'd be dealing with a situation where we have something that is behaving in a human like manner using mechanisms that are (to a first approximation) how humans do it. Claiming that that program isn't conscious is close to defending the idea that the sun orbits the earth - the argument is 'even though we have accurate measurement everything and a well verified model, the implications are discomforting; hence the model must be wrong'. There are people who won't handle the idea that consciousness is rooted in physical processes that we already have a handle on. > likely a result of evolution and specialization Economically speaking, I suspect this is more to do with the superior position of women, as a class, in setting the standards of what an acceptable relationship looks like. If husbands are willing to do heavy lifting, wives would be economically irrational to do their own heavy lifting. I'm pretty suspicious that the deal offered to a housewife comes with better quality of life outcomes than the deal offered to most engineers. I've always assumed it is linked to the relative excess of young men to the number of young women (something like 107:100 or close to [1]). It makes sense to me that the group with most power in establishing a relationship would choose not to be an engineer if they could be, say, mind the house. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Human_sex_ratio The languages I know typically have a fairly standard way of implementing functions - either values or references to values are passed as arguments and then the function does something. Maybe it returns a value. That means a construct that short circuits, such as: `if is.open(file) && read(file) { ... }` can't actually be implemented by a function. That is, you can't write a function: `special_and(is.open(file), read(file), ...)` Because the `read` is automatically evaluated before the function is called. This means a programming language with lisp-style macros can very easily implement constructs that behave like `&&` and short circuit, because they are implemented as a macro instead of a function. This opens up new (& fast) ways to control program flow that aren't available to a lot of people. The profound impact is that lisp libraries can tack on new control structures in a way that, say, C can't. I'm no language designer, so this is basically out there to see if I get corrected. I'm not actually going to read the CBO report, but this article has a bad taste; it looks like political problems being mis-interpreted by the reporter as technical revelation. If long-term impacts on the health system are considered, long-term tax & other productivity related payments need to be considered also. If this is net-negative, then that indicates a problem with the tax system (or possibly the healthcare system is to generous in the long term). That is intensely political ground to say the least. Surely the issues with preventative care are closely linked to the solvency issue. In particular, the idea we have a safety-first culture is still a fair way off. If motor vehicles were held to the safety standards of nuclear power, we would all be riding bicycles. I'm not saying it doesn't happen, because it probably does, but it would be a surprise to me if using child labour is really cost competitive. I'd expect a couple of small and desperate suppliers. Do you have a link handy? Mining for bulk materials (iron ore, coal, copper, aggregates, etc) is going to be 100% mechanised at the scale that big buyers are interested in. If cobalt is still mined by the vein then maybe child laborers get used because they are smaller, but as battery production is getting serious child labour just won't work. Take gold; you couldn't supply gold to a bullion bank with child labour because they do not produce fast enough. Big gold suppliers are happy with an orebody with grades measured in parts per million, and child cannot move a tonne of dirt as quickly, cheaply or consistently as a machine. > Why do you assume that? I'm a mining engineer. If a western company has a choice between using manual labour and mechanised they will choose mechanised because it is cheaper, faster and more reliable. They don't care what the law is, because human mining is barely competitive even at small scales. Yes, it is a fact that there is child labour is used in some third world mines. I'm observing that it doesn't make sense to me that it is large-scale, because it only makes sense if the margins are huge, the volumes physically small and if there is an impoverished workforce. If Apple is going to negotiate with someone directly, it doesn't make sense to me that that someone using child labour, because purely economically they shouldn't be cost effective. They would be a marginal, higher-cost producer. Isn't there a more cost-effective producer that Apple could negotiate with? If there is a situation where human labour is cost effective at a scale Apple finds interesting, I am professionally curious because I didn't expect it to be possible. Hence a request for links. Even before negotiating, are their suppliers of serious quantities of cobalt that use human labour? He is right, but misses the big issue with floating point which is that, as far as I recall, it is neither commutative or associative. Hence, you can't use algebra then check equalities. Most capable programmers just don't think to use a == b for floating points, because it isn't going to work a lot of the time, but for someone who isn't aware of that minefield they can wander in and get some very stupid bugs. Applying this paradox in reverse (which is paraphrasing the wiki article) - if introducing energy efficiency measures causes energy use to go down then someone needs to ask probing questions about what is going on. Increased efficiency should be linked, all else equal, to increased use of a resource. The example given is a bit fuzzy about what it is showing and what assumptions are being made. This example is pretty bizarre because we have actors behaving economically irrationally (the $100 provider) and beneficiaries (I'll call them listees) who don't seem to have volunteered. I think it might be meant to simulate the creation of new money, but I don't accept the situation as being similar enough to be sensible (because no money is being created). Mr-give-away-$100 is burning resources (his cash reserves) to create an asset for 10 people (the potential to be given money randomly in the future, which is a strange financial asset). That asset is absolutely saleable on a secondary market and will be priced at some value south of $100. We can deduce who is on the list by observing who gets the $100 payments and deduce the probability after a few days of observation. The listees have incentive to provide this information as asset + secondary market is better for them than asset + no secondary market. Upper bound: Nobody is going to pay >$100 for a promise of $100 (I lie, that does happen, but only in rare and extreme circumstances. We'll ignore those). Lower bound: If the listed individual needs money NOW for some reason, which does happen in practice, then they may be willing to sell at any price >$0. Mechanism: A contract. They work well for events that happen in the future. Motive: The listees are giving up a small amount of value to smooth out their income stream. Results: When the $100 is transferred out of Mr-give-away-$100's account it will immediately be transferred to someone who bought it for some value $100 > X > $0; at a guess probably in the high $90 range. The person who was gifted a free asset will get rich, but that can be realised before the actual payment is made. Actually, Jeveron's paradox would hold in the case you mentioned. Someone who gave you heated water would give it to you with an implicit quota otherwise a rational actor use an infinite amount of it. If I actually had free no-holds-barred heated water, I'd run a pipe down to the local laundry and sell it at a profit. That is the rational response - the reason you don't see people doing that is because nobody offers free heated water at scale. Your mistake here is thinking that resources have an implicit purpose (hot water => warm showers). If that were true, Jeveron's paradox would not hold. The paradox holds because once something becomes more abundant, it can be used for totally new activities. You might want to reflect a bit more closely on what Jevron's paradox actually is. It is not related to the cost of the final product. Take air; it is essentially infinite and free. We use vast quantities of air in every aspect of our life. We use it in cars, in households, in computing, we breath it, we rely on their being a few km of the stuff above us to maintain pressure, etc. It is so abundant it gets a bit silly to talk about how essential it is to our way of life. Use of the stuff is almost certainly growing exponentially with population. Believe it or not, but raw electricity is more useful than air. Humans would happily use vast amounts of electricity 24x7x365 our entire lives if it is available. As price goes down, usage should be spiking. Rather than Jevron's paradox being broken it is much more likely that some combination of * Supply is tightening * Real prices rising * Something is badly wrong with the economy is affoot. > * tax evasion (kindly fuck of with "it's legal so it's avoidance", it's evasion even if it's legal. Spirit of the law) At its heart, modern tax law separates people into classes and then allocating the burden of maintaining society unequally between those classes. The spirit of the law that you are defending here is that people should shoulder unequal responsibilities to their society. Although that isn't controversial, it also doesn't automatically have a moral high ground; it could be a better outcome if everyone contributed equally. It just happens that everyone contributing equally flat-out won't work, because most people can't contribute enough. The spirit of the law is unfair. That is an unfortunate reality of taxes - in a sense they can't reduce the total unfairness in the world, only shift it to people who can better deal with the burden. That people should ignore the detail of the law and voluntarily subject themselves to an unfair burden is not clear-cut. The clear cut part of this is that the law should be clear, pass through the usual channels and be enforced with due process - ie, as written or as commonly interpreted by the courts. If you want to call it tax evasion, someone is going to have to change the law so it is actual tax evasion. Until then, it is legal so it is avoidance. Equality as a mathematical construct doesn't have a place in this debate; there are too many variables affecting lifestyle that are geographic, temporal, genetic and random. You'd need more than a personsworth of resources to achieve that sort of equality for every person. Feelings and experiences are very real and can be evidence of a problem. However to act on them we need some sort of evidence that is present in the observable world, otherwise we are setting people up to give up quickly and report they feel bad rather than trying to solve their own problems. It is a tightrope to walk, but feelings need to be treated simultaneously with respect and cynicism. Biasing the world in favour of strongly emotioned people at the expense of stoics is not an improvement. I don't like inflation and a lot of the points you raise are things that are a problem, but you are raising them in a context that suggests 'it is a class war the capitalists want it this way'. Most of the points you are raising aren't about capitalists, they are just about entrenched power structures. Capitalists are a different group of people (eg, small business owners). You should find someone else to blame :P. > Having to fight with your employer year after year for the same wage? Real wages tend to whatever the market clearing price is. Deflation isn't what makes employees have to fight to keep the same wages, it probably some combination of real factors like: * Competition from cheap overseas labour * reduced need for labour in the supply chain * General increases in supply of labour that exceed growith in supply Inflation makes it easier to miss, but the capitalists don't really benefit in any meaningful way here. > Working class unable to effectively save because interest rates are well below the rate of inflation? Nobody benefits from this. The way our the modern (>1960s) political climate is, the capitalists will end up paying for welfare for the working class to suplpiment their low savings. > Unable to reason about what's a reasonable price because the central banks keep manipulating your measurement stick? Affects everyone, not necessarily to the advantage of anyone. The US has a great many resources; natural, produced and human capital. There are absolutely organised groups (some are nation states, some less powerful) that would come over and take those resources away if there was an opportunity. In theory, soldiers of the US army will going to stop that thievery by any means up to and including giving away their lives for their country. This is a critically important role, and as a society you can't really afford to send mixed messages about how important soldiers are. This is doubly true because of the potential risks they face, they need to feel appreciated. They are filling a valuable role. What the leadership does with those soldiers in times of relative peace, however, is highly questionable and open to the usual rough and tumble of political debate. Maybe you have forgotten. "The government is reading all my emails and text messages" was 100% the sort of thing that only anti-government fringe groups, crazy people and the paranoid would have considered likely. Nowadays it seems more likely than not. Also on the meta front, I don't actually see any discussion of the pictures themselves. For example, I can't figure out what the problem with the Atlas Chemical Company is by inspection - that looks a lot like industrial levels of water vapour. Only in the mine water example do I see what the issue is clearly. The discussion seems to have gone straight to related political issues and the broader environment. Interesting, but the article isn't being discussed. I'm pretty happy to accept that, theoretically, any form of energy could be substituted for any other form. So sure, you can swap electricity in for oil. That doesn't change the present state though, which is that oil is linked to pretty much everything. And it really doesn't say anything about the economics of the situation. Batteries can store energy for use on demand, but nowhere near as well as fossil fuels. In the short term, I think the difference is something more than an order of magnitude (~1Mj/kg batteries vs >40MJ/kg fossil fuels; I don't feel like looking up per volume numbers but I imagine I'd see the same gap thing). You've piqued my interest with this comment because, read literally, you seem to be against hate. Hating isn't illegal, immoral or even necessarily a bad idea. Hate can be justified. Hate is dangerous in politics as is any strong emotion . Trying to hold a country together demands compromise, which in turn requires moderation. Facebook is empowering mass surveillance and propaganda, and encourages outrage and knee-jerk reactions. Trying to separate out who is using that power for good or ill and judge equivalence based on that is risky. If the judgment is wrong great damage will be done. It is better to to acknowledge that power in itself is dangerous, and political power should be carefully controlled. Controlling and limiting political power has been a very successful strategy leading to excellent results in the past. You have a sample size of 1. Acknowledging that doesn't suddenly make the sample evidence of anything, good or bad :P. Almost all the miles driven are going to be in near-ideal circumstances (daylight, no rain, good road surface, driver familiar with normal road traffic conditions and drives the route regularly). I have nearly no insight into the uber death, but I gather it happened at night. It could easily be that humans are also an order of magnitude more dangerous at night. You obviously want to be technical. Technically you are correct. However, the evidence that this car is a worse driver than a human is currently so weak we're both wasting time talking about it. We need more of the stuff for it to be worth considering. Your pedantry has managed to upset me and I would encourage you to be a little more understanding of people using language in the way it is used outside of the world of mathematics. Walking into a practical discussion of safety with an existence proof of all things is disrespectful of the fact that lives and enormous quantities of human attention are at stake. Obviously, technically everything is evidence of something. I know that. Using the language in that sense is not going to help. There are a lot of details about Facebook that scare me, but the line between good and bad aspects is very thin. Usually it is a little easier to tease out my complaints. Influencing opinions isn't in itself a bad thing. Even being influenced to spend money isn't necessarily a bad thing. Being influenced with political ideas is on face first impressions a good idea and I might call it the first step towards understanding. The combination of scale and selectivity of the Silicon Valley majors seems like it is creeping into a difficult place though. I've always been quite interested in American politics and it is curiously hard now to identify what the message directly to voters is on Facebook. Advertising on Facebook et al is relatively private and personalised vs a newspaper where everyone gets the same ad. Also an issue here, once politicians get involved in identifying 'bad actors', there is a real risk that their political opponents get identified. Any regulation should proceed very slowly and thoughtfully. > But the Russian wetworks division, under Putin's authority, has its fingerprints all over the Salisbury attack. There is strong circumstantial evidence, but proof is a slightly different game. It would be nice, for example, to have a clear motive for why Russia might have poisoned the man. According to the wiki article the Russian justice system had sentenced him to 13 years in a penal colony in 2006, and then handed him over in a prisoners exchange in 2010. What happened to upgrade that to a death sentence in 2018 that the GRU didn't know about in 2006-2010? Evidence should be a high bar. We might suspect the Russians, but lets not pretend there is any clear public evidence beyond government say-so. The government can be wrong, just like the rest of us. I'll permit myself a moment of extreme cynicism and say that two warring parties can both be right even on a single issue. "I would be better off with that bloke's resources". I'm not sold on the idea that wars are fought for ideals. There is a lot of coincidental wealth transfer when countries fight. Why else travel long distances to kill people you don't know? I'm not reading a position in what you've said, but there is an observation here to draw out for the crowd. It doesn't matter all that much if after controlling for those variables it is relatively less safe; in absolute terms it just needs to be as safe as the worst human drivers. That is, we have an accepted safety standard - by definition, the worst human driver with a license. If a Tesla is safer than that, the rest is theoretically preferences and economics. I'm not saying that the regulators or consumers will accept that logic - if airlines are any example to go buy, they'll take the opportunity to push standards higher - but I think the point is interesting and important. It is easy to smother progress if we don't acknowledge that the world is a dangerous place and everything has elements of risk. > But Lee’s alleged recruitment may have also led Beijing’s operatives to U.S.-based Chinese nationals. This part is particularly interesting. If China were to start running a campaign of 'extreme pressure' that adds a dimension to the privacy debate around Facebook and government statistics collection. A powerful counterargument to 'If you've got nothing to hide'. The article is exaggerating, there must be someone who has problems that are solved by Bitcoin. However, one of Bitcoin's features is that it has a completely public permanent ledger showing all transactions assigned to everyone. It is a wildly inappropriate technology for doing illegal things or skirting the law (which cross-country transfers outside the system could well be). It has more downsides than cash in a duffle bag. Putting aside the idea that this is a bit creepy by western standards; it might also be a bad idea more generally. I'm reminded of Alan Turing; there was a really nice quote by some Briton to the tune of "If we had known he was gay we might have lost the war". There are a lot of social norms that simply haven't withstood the test of time. I look at the 10 Commandments and I think about half of them still hold for me. Linking social norms, which are significantly arbitrary, to a powerful surveillance state and enforcement? Ignoring the personal risk the citizens would face, this might have economic and military consequences to China's detriment. The situation is an interesting case of economic realities quietly trumping political ideology. Uber thinks they are offering a reasonable deal. The people doing the work obviously think that it is the best deal they have available. The government is going to need to stamp down pretty heavily to stop that, because the actors in this situation have no particular incentive to change anything. My memory of the statistics is that the median voter does not save. The government's approach to creating reserves of wealth follows on from that naturally. An aspect in this that I find very interesting is the realities behind the numbers which will be revealed as the situation plays out. The money is a bit of an illusion, retirees need an available reserve of wealth (be it in the form of productive land, goods, labour, rock solid infrastructure and houses with little need of maintenance) to sustain them when they can no longer produce. Where will this wealth reserve come from? Who will have to go without? What compromises will be made? Undoubtedly one part of any proposed solution is 'tax the rich', because there are no other wealth reserves in America, but if this is a more fundamental problem of demographics and ratios the real resources might not be available to meet peoples expectations. Somebody is in for a very rough 20 years. This claim just seems ... unlikely and counter to economics. Prices dropping isn't about business owners deciding they feel nice, it is about the fact that consumers reward cheap producers. If the producers refuse to drop prices when thy can, then the first person to break into the market doing something different will get crazy profits. I would liken the situation to 2007 in Australia. Sending instant messages was basically free from the telco's perspectives - but they charged 20c or something to the sender. Insane margins. The first company that I remember challenging that was Apple, who bypassed the whole business and enabled essentially free text messages with iMessage. 10 years later, the markup on using text messages seems to have been completely wiped out. Apple also happened to be the most profitable company in the world through that period. Sure, iMessage isn't linked directly to the profits, yet somehow the invisible hand seems to have been working. What you say is true, but there are some other aspects of trust at play here. Locally, I observe City Warming of up to 30 degrees each day. Verifying that "global warming is a real _problem_ and human activities are _net negative to the human experience_" is not as easy as you are suggesting, because I need to model more than temperature over time. Also need some idea of the accuracy of the raw data. The group of people who trust that global warming is a problem correlate pretty highly with the group of people who want to shut down big chucks of our cheap energy production system and replace it with something expensive. To put people in charge who think that is acceptable is a huge leap of trust. It is very easy to see why doomsayers are not treated as credible. We've seen a huge number of them, mostly they have been wrong and so far the cheap energy solution has been wildly luxurious and successful. Customer: a person who buys goods or services from a shop or business. Gmail users are clearly not customers, they are not paying anything for it. Your cynicism against capitalism is unwarranted in this case. That is clearly very bad, but people also go to war because of scarce resources. The US doesn't have a Special Relationship with Saudi Arabia because the Saudi's are lovely people. Climate change isn't the threat, the problem is that population growth is exponential. We don't have a reliable mechanism to shrink population apart from run out of resources and have a war. Claiming that climate change is making resources scarce isn't grappling with the fact that in 100 years at 2% population growth, resources are going to be scarce anyway. It wouldn't be very entertaining; AlphaGo would just win. Twitch isn't going to play very well. Lots of possibilities. One simple example is maybe Apple thinks they have a 'special case' problem that other 5G modem suppliers aren't going to solve. Also, theory is all very well but the timespans matter and aren't general. Someone has to physically be the first person to do a new thing. Apple's experience with the original iPhone was that competition caught up eventually. But in the years it took the competition to set up R&D, supply chains, yadda yadda, Apple could cement a dominant market position and turn crazy profits. They might see similar opportunities in other communications technologies (although not on the same scale). > Donations by its employees to Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign outnumbered contributions to President Trump’s campaign 62 to 1 Trump isn't the most popular presidential candidate in recent history, but there does seem to be a left-wing bias at Google. Being left wing is clearly different from doing "good things for the world even if we forgo short-term gains". Neither wing of politics has a particular claim to being more moral; and both left and right wing philosophies have seen great success stories and great tragedies when they are in the ascendant. If the politics of Google is that biased from the mainstream (which, I remind you, is about a 50-50 split, not plausibly as extreme as 80-20) then there is a risk that their data and power will be used for political ends. The half of America that votes republican should not be sleeping easily on this one. It is extremely relevant; the original article is literally titled "Google vs. Google: How Nonstop Political Arguments Rule Its Workplace". The thread started with an observation that deciding what is right and wrong is fundamentally a question of "ethics, politics and public policy ". If Google is going to be seen as a politically active entity, aligned with the left, then that is a problem. Particularly because aligning with one wing, with high probability, means that Google isn't going to be focused on the good deeds part of politics but on the political campaigning part of politics. That should honestly be a worry to everyone, but particularly the political right. Also 40/30/30 isn't even close to a figure like 61-1. Even if Google were leaning 40/40/20 it would still be markedly biased. I'm from Australia where voting is compulsory, and the undecided 40% usually splits about 20%-20% both ways when made to decide. EDIT I looked it up for your interest ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Australian_federal_ele... ) - our most decisive federal-level election was 41.5% to 58.5% on a rough left-right split, aka 2-party-preferred, back in 1931. 55% to 45% would be a landslide in a modern election. America will be different, but realistically I doubt the split would be as bad as 65-35. Probably more like 55-45. It is as good a time as any to wish a pox on all jargon and reflect that a person with no employment is unlikely to be unemployed. If anyone else is interested, a very light search into the history of when they picked that measure as the standard suggests it has been with us since ~1930. Apparently the nature of complaints hasn't changed much over the years. [1] davidcard.berkeley.edu/papers/origins-of-unemployment.pdf But the article about "factories buckling from a demand surge" also mentions "hiring slowed". The wage inflation chart trended down over the entire period you link, as did labour force participation chart. The only positive for employment growth in your sources is a government crackdown enforcing sane work hours in the trucking industry, which seems to have caused the transport industry some trouble. Your links are not at all inconsistent with what the grandparent post is saying. Technical documentation isn't the place for a joke full stop. Documentation is for people who are typically busy, uncertain and potentially dealing with something that is going wrong. They want clear, concise and accessible help. They don't want or need tasteless jokes. It is disrespectful to their time to include random garbage. This is supposed to be read by people who need it, not people who know what is going on and want to enjoy a good laugh. If your house burns down, there is a reasonable chance of recovering, eg, gold slag. Not so much chance of recovering the markings that were on that gold before. It is difficult to compare the durability of gold and bitcoin. It does seem plausible, given the length of time we've been using it, that gold's value is completely related to its intrinsic properties and difficulty of mining. Bitcoin can't possibly be valued on its intrinsic properties, because I can fork the entire technical edifice, start a new blockchain called it Bitcoin+1, and the fork will have no value vs the original. Still the majority of the population, as it happens. If serious percentages (say, 60%) of a democracy want something enough that they make it a voting issue, it'll happen eventually. You'll get a candidate who is happy to do 'everything the other guy would do + X'. The big thing with constitutional changes is that they will normally require serious unity amongst the population, most of whom will likely by default agree with the constitution. The majority isn't greedy and evil, they just don't put up much of a fight when the politicians 'misunderstand' and implement policy that favours the majority without accepting the damage to a minority. There are a lot of policies like that, and in many cases one suspects the politicians know exactly what they are doing but the public is intellectually lazy. It's worth elaborating on a central point; the idea that 'preventable deaths are unacceptable' only makes sense at ordinary human scales. In someone's day-to-day life, they aren't reasonably going to be in a situation where letting someone die will be the best alternative. The situation changes completely at the level of the decision makers of countries and large cities work at. /Everything/ is a variant of the trolley problem and all resources could in theory be used to save a life. Not accepting a risk of death can do more harm than good and realistically infrastructure; it just obscures the cause and effect. Eg, we'll never know if someone died because their doctor was late because a train operator made a mistake operating a train. The cause-effect chain is too convoluted. But statistically speaking, something like that will happen every so often. Deaths from inefficiency are just as bad as deaths from direct accident; and if the scale is large enough that they can reasonably be detected then they need to be considered too. Obviously most of the time a high standard of safety is going to be best, but trains are a high-risk environment moving 100s people at speeds they were never meant to move. True perfection over 30 years is probably not a required standard. Great goal though. I'm not convinced they are in disagreement, they are both making related observations. A good public debate should feel out points of agreement between participants. A great way to grow a community is to take any excess resources (proxied by money) and reinvest locally. However, if all the members bank with a multinational bank then the money (hence resources) will probably end up in a city in another country. The community won't grow. If there was a systemic bias (beyond economies of scale) that favors big banks at the expense of community banks, that might squeeze the life out of small productive communities that the banks view as 'high risk' through a lack of knowledge about their circumstances. That would be a problem, but that issue is not related to this thread. If the foreign cities are just more productive, then hopefully the community members will be better off because they can import enough to make up for the lack of local infrastructure. It does seem a bit high because that is a peak statistic, not an average. The energy regulator keeps some statistics on the subject at [1]. Regardless, there is a good point to be made that South Australia was a strong competitor in the hypothetical 2017 Worlds Most Expensive Electricity Competition. It is possible that the batteries success is due to some quirk of their particularly poorly run grid. It is also possible that wind-battery combinations are now a competitive option. The situation continues to unfold. [1] https://www.aer.gov.au/wholesale-markets/wholesale-statistic... > Mostly the Coalition. Seriously. Pull the other one, the risk is something like what happened in Germany. The cheap, reliable option in Australia is coal. So an investor has 2 options: 1) Invest in coal. At some point a Labor-Green government gets in and copies the German model - all your capital now makes a loss (ie, the plant you just built). 2) Invest in something else. This isn't as politically risky, but if the government decides that high power prices have to go and pours money into something (eg, new coal plants) then you just got set up as a marginal producer. I mean, I haven't crunched the numbers, but unless wind/solar are legitimately the most cost effective options (which historically they most certainly have not been) then you would have to be a real risk taker to get involved. Blaming that situation on the Coalition is too much; the political risks go way beyond them. The issue is that the Coalition wants cheap, the greens want clean, and Labor isn't committed either way as far as I know. And the regulator is a long way from perfect. Australia's number 1 problem is that the grid itself is too expensive. That isn't the Coalition, because it has been happening through the late Howard, Rudd-Gillard-Rudd, Abbott and Turnbull governments. Typical slow government problem, not any particular party. Obviously you aren't talking about that, so I didn't mention it. Australia's number 2 problem is all our power plants are aging and shutting down. I addressed that; because you seemed to be talking to it (eg, Liddel is only achieving something like 46% capacity). That is a looming issue. The problem here is also not the Coalition, as I mentioned. Now SA appears to have a tertiary problem which is they have lots of wind energy and not enough storage to balance out the grid. The battery is addressing that and seems to be going well. This is also nothing to do with the Coalition, because the SA state government controls SA and the majority bounces between the two majors. The Weatherill government seems to have had the battery installed extremely quickly despite whatever you think the Coalition did to prevent it. You aren't assigning blame correctly here. The big picture problem isn't that gas prices are high, and power problems aren't happening because of "mostly the Coalition". There isn't a moment in recorded history where one human acting alone has outperformed a group of humans working in tandem. It just doesn't happen. You sometimes get scenarios where one human has disproportionate social control over a group, but even then experiments with democracy have shown it overwhelmingly outperforms the competition. So far on both an absolute and a per capita basis. Many (most?) of our morals also happen to be game-theory optimums that you would raitionally see value in even as a true sociopath. What you describe isn't rational, it is some combination of desperation and short term thinking. The rational approach has always been to organise and cooperate. If you actually tried to behave that way you would discover that what you call 'behaving rationally' will involve you having no material goods, comfort or prospect for obtaining them. It sounds like you've had a bad experience with rationalists. I can sympathise :P. Loudly claiming to be 'logical' and 'a rationalist' is rarely a logical or rational act, so the people who do it ironically tend not be either (the exception in my book is if they really enjoy arguing with or annoying other people). But rationalism isn't short-termism. Rationalists can execute long term plans, potentially even multi-generational beneficial schemes, just as well as everyone else. And just as badly. As the comment you replied to succinctly argues, there is no causation between rationalism and values. As an aside, logic isn't related to rationality any more deeply than logic is tied in to anything else. I suppose the opposite of a rationalist is a religious fundamentalist? Religious fundamentalists can be extremely logical too (as in, their actions can be completely consistent with their assumptions). Logic is just a technique to tell if some of your beliefs are inconsistent, it isn't monopolised by any given world view. And it certainly can't create new beliefs out of nothing, only evidence can do that. There is a delicious irony in what you are saying. More than likely, the reason that you perceive an odor is because your body is trying to keep the germs off. So from an evolutionary standpoint, you are probably running a bleach cycle to keep germs off your clothes. Cut is a really terrible example though, because the entire naming of the 'cut' operation isn't intuitive. "Cut" is really "relocate-object-action-first-half" and "paste" is really "relocate-object-action-second-half". We don't have good words for that. The entire relocation object involves program state and that adds some extra complexity. Cut has a whole heap of connotations that don't relate to the editing "cut" operation. Google suggests incision, wound, to separate into parts, "remove (something) from something larger by using a sharp implement". Editing cut doesn't do any of this. There is a very specific link in that relocating text /could be/ thought of as snipping it off a page and pasting it somewhere else, except no-one would ever do that when writing seriously. They erase and rewrite. So the scissors icon links to the word cut, but cut itself is actually a mystery-meat operation where figuring it out is hard for users that aren't already savvy with interfaces. By extension, the scissors icon has no link to the actual operation that the button performs. I strugle to follow the authors point, but the topic goes to two interesting problems I'd like to pick out to see if there are any opinions on them: 1) Once a person has decided they have enough evidence to form an opinion, they form the opinion then forget the evidence. This makes it excruciatingly difficult to change their minds, because they can no longer check why they formed their original beliefs. 2) Debate will likely be one of two cases: - A factual debate, where one side who is 'wrong' - A values debate, where both sides are necessarily focused on different issues Both of these are very delicate situations where empathy, moderation (as in mildness) and consideration are quite important in getting to a good place. Unfortunately, if participants suspect the audience perception is that they are losing in a factual debate rather than learning about others in a values debate they get very defensive very quickly. This is so suspicious though. Apple somehow managed to become a bigger company by revenue and profit while being profitable most of the way up. There is a lot of trust here that Amazon is secretly really profitable not just growing because their profit margins are unsustainably low. It wouldn't be the first time a large company engaged in questionable accounting if it turns out their unit numbers are actually not as good as they claim because of some accounting shenanigans. > It has side effects, but is also addressing a specific problem people want to handle that isn't necessarily fixed by "just build a bunch of new market-rate housing." It is a sad fact of life that the best outcome for everybody is to let the economically productive take first pick of any available resources; because they will by definition take them and turn them into more resources. This idea that someone has a right to live somewhere because they were there first is not unreasonable, but the path of least suffering is that people pay the market price for rent. There needs to be pretty overwhelming evidence that the problem is with what consenting adults agree to rather than the government being unreasonable with the rules on constructing new building. I'd bet that the US hasn't reached that threshold yet. We can estimate the computational power of a human brain. If we throw an order of magnitude more compute than that at a neural network and train it for 20 years, why wouldn't that give us a general intelligence? The issue with physical structures is that eventually the mass and stresses in the macro structure overcome the strength in the micro-structure. That is why nature stops at, eg, elephants. It isn't obvious that intelligence suffers from such limits, as the only time the limit of intelligence has been tested (in terms of evolution) was when humans tried it. There is no evidence humans are pushing the limits of what intelligence can achieve. Quite the reverse, honestly, when you look at the performance of computers so far. But gold is energy un-intensive once mined. It sits there. Bitcoin needs the mining network to keep consuming energy to show it is special, otherwise it is basically just a number. Eventually bitcoin creation ceases and the energy burned will be paid in the transaction costs. If you get the iceburg as a root cause then you are really doing something wrong; in fact I would suggest the point of a 5-Whys would be to move people past thinking that the iceburg is the problem and get to the actual root cause :P. Why is the ship sinking? Hit an Iceburg. Why did we hit an iceburg? [Equipment or command failure] What is wrong with [maintenance strategy/command structure] that allowed this mistake to slip through? [technical details] If you have a team of people and something goes wrong, it is overwhelmingly likely that a human could make a decision differently or do some task that is not being done that would mitigate the worst of the damage. People absolutely are saved by the committee process, in the same way that items tend to roll downhill. Pretending that humans have perfect control over their environment and could have done something more has proven remarkably successful at getting results. It isn't very impressive, it feels very unreasonable, and it isn't going to work on its own, but it is a very useful tool to let people to stand up and ask "sure something is going on that is out of our control, so why aren't we ready for it? This happens sometimes and we need to be prepared". Basically, if you just ask why 5 times without any sense of personal responsibility you'll get stupid results. True of any process. But if an uncontrollable event has impacted your endeavor, it is absolutely worth asking "why are we exposing ourselves to a risk we can't control? could we somehow have avoided this". The problem with personal responsibility, which I am very much in favour of and wish we promoted a bit more, is that the deck is so stacked against people who don't have assets that I'm not sure average person can keep up. I keep saying it; the amount of money in the system has increased +50% since 2008 [1], and worker compensation has gone up +25% (the BLS publishes a lot of series, I use [2]; hope it is right). So someone is getting a lot of money and it isn't obvious to what end - it isn't helping the workers or the poor, and nobody can make up that sort of difference by working harder. Workers are reaping a smaller percentage of society's bounty. [1] https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/M2 [2] https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/A033RC1A027NBEA I'm no expert at OOP, but never have I seen a student who telegraphs a look of comprehension after seeing an example of classes involving animals. I've seen many who get more confused. Classes are a neat way of hiding implementation detail behind a mini-api that has reasonable code-hygiene benefits and works well in a team setting. None of these things have anything in common with meowing cats. There was a classic on HN a while ago [1] illustrating how blindly guessing an OOP hierarchy for a problem isn't going to help. Throw that at a learner without thinking too hard, and they are going to question what the benefits of OOP even are - it doesn't always simplify a problem. [1] https://www.quora.com/Is-abstraction-overrated-in-programmin... It takes a bit of reading to get there, but the article resolves in the affirmative; yes things can be both popular and silenced. The absurdist scenario to show how at the end rather catches my fancy. That little gem captures quite a complicated interaction about how society orders itself: that the enforcement of conformity shouldn't be so strong that opposition cannot form against it. I suppose the flip side of this is that political groups have a responsibility to self-regulate their own more extreme elements so that external action is clearly not needed. It'd be lovely to see more of that on the left and right of politics. Things like Newton's Laws are, in a strict technical sense, not true. We still use them because they are very nearly true. But, strictly, they are approximations of something more fundamental. That extends to a great number of very intelligent figures of the past who described reality as they saw it but, in the end, turned out not to have sufficient measuring technology to be as correct as we would understand it now. It is an extremely reasonable position that large swathes of what we believe today is also going to be wrong in this sense. For example, the great debate about whether reality is discrete or continuous (currently I think the evidence is discrete, but philosophically maybe we are a simulation run in a continuous universe). We should try and work to the current state of knowledge of the researchers, but we all know that there is a high risk of something big and impressive being discovered that changes the name of the game, like when they split the atom. We just don't know what happens next. Our understanding of consciousness also depends on who controls the dictionary and defines consciousness and surrounding terms. Can't challenge your preferences, but I would encourage a bit of reflection on why you think that education is an advantage here. I had some routine dental work done recently; some of my teeth were drilled out. It is a complete mystery to me why we think that a college level education is required for the man holding the drill. My body is very important to me, but it seems a tough sell that years of higher education would give a better outcome than years of, say, straightforward practice. I want a competent dentist, but their education isn't worth as much to me as the steadiness of their hand and their willingness to be gentle with my poor mouth. In theory, any job could be done better by a more educated worker, but we could break it up into generalists and specialists like we do with electricians and electrical engineers. Save the education for people who deal with unusual problems. We are reading a lovely article about how "childer" is a plural, and children is some sort of troubling double plural. The word data is somewhat older and its use has had even more time to change. I wish the dictionary would lose the fight on data and we could all just say "the data is conclusive" and be happy about it. It sounds much more natural. > Second, it is just taken as a given here that knowledge workers become less productive over time. Why are engineers downhill starting in middle age but not doctors, lawyers, professors, and professional coaches? Software engineers in particular. Computers really started to stabilise in the 2003 when single core clock speeds hit a wall. 'Rapid' change since then looks a bit glacial compared to what rapid meant in the 90s. I don't have anything to back it up, but I'm pretty suspicious that a lot of specific techniques that were important in the 90s are no longer important. I know lawyers were in existence in ~500BC and the law famously changes slowly. Doctors, coaches, etc are in a similar boat where the situation now is basically the same as when they were 10 years old. No such similarities in software, the languages, bottlenecks, opportunities and best-practice mindset (in many areas) has changed. It makes sense why software engineers under the age of 30 would have an edge. If hardware continues to plateau (moderate if, given graphics cards) then the current generation will not have the same problem when they are 50. ASIDE: I always wonder if it is really a coincidence that Apple started making inroads at the exact second that being able to quickly incorporate new parts stopped being an exponential advantage. Perfect can be the enemy of good, in the sense that in a city of people there must be compromises so that everyone can coexist in a small space. Sure, the US isn't fair. In practice it is grossly unfair. But talk to anyone with, eg, a congenital disability and it is apparent that this isn't because the US is doing something wrong, it is because life is unfair. The US is very free. Some people have to work orders of magnitude harder to excercise their freedom, but in freedom of speech and action the US compares well with, eg, the UK, China, Russia, Middle Eastern countries, etc, etc. There are a few very small nations (eg, Luxembourg, Sweden, New Zealand, etc), where the numbers are smaller and the results are arguably better. But recall that human communities are governed by absolute numbers (see Dunbar's number) and reflect that the US does pretty well for its size. Basically, don't conflate freedom and fairness. The US has a lot of freedom, but freedom is a pretty basic idea, and exercising it is crazy hard for some people. The story looks like a credible source of facts, but any takeaway is a minefield of ways to be wrong. I assume life expectancy is vulnerable to Simpson's paradox and that the we really need detailed analysis to determine why the aggregate difference exists. Without that the differences in the article are not large enough to really draw anything out of except vague feelings of national pride. Life expectancy is also a dangerous QoL metric in itself because it is so influenced by so many things (particularly infant mortality) that although longer is generally better it doesn't paint a very detailed picture. In an extreme case; I know that a pretty reasonable percentage of very elderly people would argue that a prolonged life leads to lower quality. "Healthy life expectancy" might be a much better indicator, but that looks like a technical term and I don't see a definition for it. I'm no electrical engineer, or Californian, but are you describing a situation like: Old System- Centrilised generation distributed over a wide network. New System - Decentralised Generation, distributed over a wide network. Without knowing any specifics, wouldn't this increase the expected traffic through the network from something like O(N) to no. consumers to something like O(N^2)? With an associated increase in required infrastructure and maintenance costs? Could be quite expensive. This must be quite terrifying for Google the corporation, which is now sandwiched between its own employees and its own government. The story that has been spun this year has been that Google tacitly accepts politics in the workplace. They might come to regret that. We'd rather that companies were honest, and yes the law should be enforced fairly and as on the books to keep the playing field for corporations level. But no, wage theft isn't a bigger problem than other theft. Yes, wage theft is bigger numerically. But a reduction in wage theft is going to be mirrored by a drop in the amount of wealth available. By definition, the same or less work is being done for a higher cost; so by examining the net situation, someone is going to have less actual stuff (and I can say with confidence, it is not going to be the rich who do without). Increasing the cost of labour will put people out of work. Wage theft is one of those victimless crimes where both parties have agreed that a situation is the best alternative and the government is declaring that they are wrong. It is a lot more delicate than, say, gay marriage, because all workers would prefer to have more money, and by far most workers would be happier if they didn't have to work. But, end of the day, just because the government says a worker is entitled doesn't mean the worker is truly unhappy with what they get. In an extreme case, I've worked in situations where I have been subject to wage theft (~10% lower compensation than I should have legally been getting), and I tried to keep that off anyone's radar because I wouldn't have had a job otherwise and I was being paid plenty. Workers take the best option they have; possibly making that option uneconomic is not a good idea. This is not how, eg, China, is lifting people out of poverty. The money is only useful for the goods and services it can purchase. Labour conditions is a classic case of the government is mandating allocations of resources that a free market would not make; it isn't going to result in more goods and services being produced. The same workers are not going to produce more because of labour law enforcement. The three outcomes are: 1) Workers get a bigger proportion of a smaller total 2) Workers get the same proportion of a smaller total 3) Workers get a smaller proportion of a smaller total The pro-labour-laws types have to be very certain that they can force outcome 1, but there are 2 ways in 3 that the outcome is bad, on net, for workers. Especially if the job they were working in was the best option they had. Workers might even be getting less overall (through reduced job availability) when individual workers get more due to reductions in the number of jobs created. Your victims will have very clear memories of their wages and conditions from what happened to them last month when they went to work. They are making a proactive choice to get out of bed, go to work, and do it again. They aren't being forced to work for their employer. > That's not true in the least. It is perfectly true, just not a very normal case. I'd put it to you that I was a bit more involved in the negotiating than you were. > No. Just no. Why do you feel that employers are entitled to cheap labor? I don't think that. The argument is that employers and employees are entitled to sort out wages between each other and are entitled on whatever they agree to. I don't think the government has a role tilting the power balance in favour of employees. I'm in favour of things work hours being explicit in any contract and being enforced. Being expected to work unpaid overtime is obscene; the contract hours should be longer an the wages lower so people know what is expected of them. It is worth reflecting that, if Grace happened to be have a world outlook that was a smidge more venal and materialist, she wouldn't have been able to do what she did. This is because dying with $7 million in savings means that she could have spent about $7 million more on enjoying herself in life. I completely agree with her apparent outlook, and would rather have security and the pride of knowing I'd given a lot more to my fellows than I've taken back. And if everyone thought this way then society would be a lot better about preserving and growing what we have. However, I've met countless people who behave like the executive in the opening paragraph not because they have 'bad behaviors', but precisely because they are clever and in practice wanted to maximise money spent/personal resources consumed. I doubt they would word that as harshly as I have, but the implicit meaning behind the behavior is very clear. Now, if you start with a value proposition that the purpose of the economy is to maximise the resources available for individual consumption, it is actually quite hard to argue for dying with savings. The families who try to maintain inter-generational family wealth actually cop a fair bit of flack socially (in times of stress, they seem to near inevitably get branded 'hoarders', and times of extreme stress they have their wealth confiscated). Basically, I like the argument and the value structure it comes from - but there are other views of the situation that are reasonable and deserve mention. EDIT Fun fact, apparently $7 million gets you very close to the top 1% by wealth [1]. So technically, the sort of people who want "the 1%" to do more have people like Grace in their sights. We all know they don't want that, but it shows the normal attitude to wealth and savings imo. [1] https://www.investopedia.com/articles/personal-finance/05061... Aha, I can answer this one. > email One view of email is really reading and composing lightly formatted text with a "send" option. From this perspective, a text editor implementing email makes a lot more sense than an email client implementing text editing. Especially for mostly-text emails or emails discussing, say, code. > calendar This one is pretty workflow sensitive, but Org Mode encourages a very holistic approach of writing everything related to a project in one file, then parsing the file for dates and creating a calendar. If this is your workflow, again it makes more sense to implement from a text editor (because the "calendar" is really a parsed text file and maintaining the text file is what the user works on). I can see a lot of utility in a stand-alone calendar program if the workflow you want isn't based on text, though. > PDF Has me stumped, although sometimes when I write documents that are going to be emailed as a pdf I'll use emacs and it makes a lot of sense to preview in place as I go. I must admit, the advantages aren't really there for me on this one, I prefer stand alone viewers. > changing the window in focus The secret is that many tasks involve 60% editing text and it then starts to make sense to implement the 40% in an environment where your heavily customised keyboard shortcuts all work. Eg, at the moment I'm writing a comment for a website - if I only viewed sites like Hacker News (mostly text reading and editing) then I would 100% end up doing it from emacs. Emacs falls down with images and navigating modern webpages though (haha modern; anything written in my lifetime), so I use a browser like everyone else. Well, sure the economy would shrink, but that is the point. There would be less demand for consumer goods, because preservation implies less consumption. Imagine a pretend happyland where everyone owned their own home and had a stockpile of 30 years of food. They change their usual work week to take Mondays off and sit comfortably at home. 20% of the economy literally disappears overnight. It isn't obvious that the anyone would be suffering. The reason the economy shrinking is so terrible is because people generally live hand-to-mouth. If you have enough resources stockpiled to last you the rest of your lifetime, you technically no longer need an economy. It is still nice to have and some resources can't actually be stockpiled (eg, a doctor's time) so I wouldn't advise doing without it, but the economy is mostly important because people don't stockpile resources. There seems to be a feeling that we should not stockpile resources because the economy is important. That line of thinking is very popular, but imo precisely backwards. Links the right things in the wrong order. Bit of a non-sequiter, but that thinking is why governments and central banks keep printing money. All this is an interesting but philosophical point. People, in the main, consume everything they have available to them and then work to earn more. EDIT It is notable that if no-one borrows then by definition no-one can make money by lending money. Again, although this is radical compared to what we do now, it isn't actually obvious what the problem would be. Again, it isn't advised because borrowing money for the purpose of investment is a source of fantastic economic efficiencies. The issue is we all know there is borrowing going on to fund consumption. That isn't a good idea, although the cost is carried by the people responsible so I have no beef with it happening. Real wages increasing means that living standards aren't just steady, but growing in real terms - ie, people have more stuff and services than they did last year. Now, picking on the US, primary energy production has risen by less than 1% /edit: per annum/ since the year 2000 [1]. I suspect manufacturing growth is of a similar magnitude [2]. There was a report making the rounds a while ago saying that US infrastructure isn't in a great place. It isn't obvious how you could generate real increases without an increased real production to back it up, no matter how good your strongarm negotiating. I don't see how the Economist came up with a position of the problem being disorganised labour. The issues in America are that whatever people are doing isn't creating real wealth. Maybe they're finally hitting resource limits, maybe there are capital allocation issues. [1] https://www.eia.gov/totalenergy/data/annual/#summary [2] https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/OUTMS Incentives are much more powerful than intent. It isn't meaningful to talk about intent when assessing the likely outcome of an economic initiative. I can't emphasise this as strongly as I'd like to; in economics we want fairness and the incentives to align, but if they are not going to then incentives trump fairness. Fairness with poor incentives drives bad outcomes, and usually reveals that 'fairness' is 'fairness for some in groups, at the expense of the rest'. Resources are no longer growing as quickly relative to population as they were in the 70s and 80s. We need normal people to make uncomfortable decisions _not_ to consume. Otherwise there are not enough resources when they grow old. Incentivising spending in the present is not a clever idea, even if it isn't intended. > It's not an impossible problem. You might have missed the actual problem; people aren't interested in these numbers because they like numbers. They are interested in these numbers because they want to make decisions based on them. The problem is that traders want early warning of change to position themselves in the market. Large volumes of low quality data won't help them. Spitting out unreconciled data that the company doesn't intend to stand by is basically the same as doing nothing. If there are no surprises, the numbers are basically worthless. A decision made off the last quarterly report would be just as good. If there are surprises, this is exactly the sort of thing that needs to be audited or reconciled. Surprises are probably going to be mistakes that would normally be weeded out when preparing a quarterly report. But if data were sent out in realtime, activity will take place based on essentially fake data. What happens if a bank communicates that they have run out of cash because of a software glitch in their realtime reporting? The situation would not end well for the bank; that could theoretically trigger a bank run. Realtime data might be nice for some traders, but realtime mistakes could lead to some pretty terrible outcomes. Solar isn't the problem, but the renewables situation is related. We had a Labor government with the Greens holding a balance of power from ~2010 to ~2013. The Labor party had, I believe, been opposed to a carbon tax up until that point. Then, likely because of pressure from the Greens, introduced a carbon tax. The lesson there will not have been lost on big investors. If anyone invests in fossil fuel generation (ie, the economic option) then the Greens will find a way to destroy their profit margins at some point in the next decade. And so, little serious investment in the energy sector seems to be taking place. I'm not aware of any big developments planned except an interesting hydropower project by the current government and creeping smaller-scale wind and solar as prices rise and justify their existence. The cost of the Iraq war is in the trillions. A cynic could argue that that war happened to secure burnable fossil fuels. It isn't obvious that the cost being in the trillions is cause to blanch - at the scale we are talking, the cost of mitigating with more expensive energy is also likely to be in the trillions. You might benefit from being more specific about how many trillions. > The labor market is never free, because living isn't free - almost every participant is coerced. Your actual post is mostly reasonable arguments, but this premise is not realistic. This is stretching the word 'coerced' to the point where it doesn't mean anything. The fact that resources are limited and we need the average person to add about as much value as they consume is not coercion. It is a (very sad) fact. There is no element of force involved except maybe the enforcement of property rights, which is one of the most reasonable things we ask our governments to undertake. > They're called "contractors", but realistically what can they do if Uber "fires" them? Work for Lyft? Same shit, different logo. Are these people born with "only allowed to work as a car driver" stamped on their forehead? If the market rate driving cars is so terrible, they need to find a different industry. The difficulties of moving between industries are real, I'll acknowledge them and say maybe there is a role for the government to facilitate this aspect. However, as a practical point, I don't think governments generally do. When we as a society decide who is responsible for employees moving between industries, we basically have to choose between this being the employers problem, this being the individuals problem or this being someone else's problem. I'm very happy to contend that, even though it is not very fair, the person who has the most control is the individual and they are the only one who is ultimately responsible for themselves. There are a lot of problems with companies like Uber. The car drivers are clearly employees in every way except technicalities, and the practice of making them bring their own tools is reprehensible. But it is by far better to try and solve that problem by encouraging the growth of better alternatives than by dropping the hammer of regulation. When they regulated the taxi industries, my memory is in a lot of major areas the actual taxi drivers didn't end up benefiting and random licensed taxi owners did. Depends on the country and city. America is large, multifaceted, diverse and complicated. The difference in the popular vote was large in political terms, but in absolute terms 48% of the voters voted for the winning candidate. To claim that the problem was "the data driven approach" seems to be very bold. There are a lot of aspects to a campaign, and flaws in any of them can be fatal. Ironically, we have very little data on the subject of what went wrong for Hillary; although given the election results it was probably a problem in specific regions. fivethirtyeight.com had Trump as the underdog with a ~30% chance of victory (so, we'd expect this sort of outcome every 4 elections). This suggests that data was painting an accurate picture to me, everyone was surprised but the election result wasn't unthinkable. The line of thinking here deserves expounding. The discipline of economics is very important, but there needs to be some care about trusting the opinions of economists. The opinions of an economist are worth very much, because listening to them sets up situations were it is easy for someone with an economics degree to push an agenda. But economists do have a lot to offer with observations like "this is very similar to the [suchandsuch incident] of [1887] in [Somewhere]", which is worth listening to. The limitations that surround economic 'experiments' are so severe it should be treated more like history and less like physics. Thomas Piketty with Capital in the 21st century is a great example of what I'm thinking - more history and data than theory, but some theory to provide structure to the data. If science has a measure of quality, then that quality is the accuracy of its predictions. That ties in very closely to the ability to conduct experiments and collect accurate data. Economics as applied is a highly political process, which hampers both the perceptions and reality of how fair the experiments are. Pretty much everything in mathematics was named on discovery, which was usually before they understood what the concept they were discovering actually was. And, somethings even the name that was given is meaningless in English because it was given in a foreign language. Real Numbers aren't somehow special here. There are a lot of elements in mathematics that arguably could be named better. Examples include (and obviously this is opinion, not a mathematician, in all humility, etc): + Negative numbers, real numbers, imaginary numbers, quaternion, etc (which should really all be named in a more systematic way) + sin, cos, tan (I doubt any link remains between the function and the concept in modern teaching) + Anything named after a person instead of named for what it is (eg, Euler's constant e; should have a more informative name) + plus, multiply, exponentiation, Knuth's up-arrow (a progression of the same concept, should be named systematically) + The assuredly long list of examples I don't know about The gains don't justify the costs, but one suspects if you could somehow give an alien modern math theory without any of the name or symbol conventions they would invent a much more systemic system than hat we have grown. The gentleman in the video has a couple of good points (and it is likely that Uber will eventually get regulated). That being said, the premise here seems to be confused on a number of issues. + "Unsafe everything, assaults [and] kidnappings" are in fact already illegal. More regulation will not make them more illegal. Claiming we need a taxicab commission to enforce basic laws is a non-sequitur of breathtaking scope. + There was a vibe that Uber will compromise the customer experience to make more money. This is nonsense, uber is operating in a cut-throat environment where any cost savings will be passed directly to consumers who are getting what they pay for. As one questioner pointed out at the end, Uber isn't actually making a profit. Any cuts in quality are being passed on to the customer in reduced fares. + Insufficient insurance. This one is one that is up for debate; but the message of 'insurance good, profit bad' is probably oversimplifying the issue and likely pushing an outcome where everyone has to pay more for transport without a proportional improvement in outcomes. The speaker might feel better about that, but I doubt the Uber passengers would. > Indeed they are already illegal, however adequate checks are not done on those who want to be people driver. That effect of not actually doing due diligence does allow much higher incidence of bad actors in positions of power. You're going to need actual statistics for that. Claiming that we can detect a class of people who are acceptable citizens except under the specific circumstance that they are acting as a chauffeur isn't a reasonable position. Either they are dangerous and should be locked up or they aren't. Their status as a taxicab driver isn't going to be relevant. They would be just as dangerous if they were unemployed, if not more so. > Bullshit. They have one of the hottest stock request IPOs out there. A year ago their estimated market cap was $50B. Now its estimated at $70B. Sure doesn't sound like a no-profit company. Pretty sure the profit line is in the red for 2017. You might find yourself on the wrong side of the facts here, even if they don't conform to your worldview. > Hollywood accounting. Always willing to be corrected, but Hollywood accounting is a fairly specific practice where they claim specific projects made a loss so they don't have to pay the actors, but the profits still appear in a different part of a controlled conglomerate. What you are alleging is tax fraud, which is also illegal as it happens. And, again, nothing to do with regulation of the taxi industry, in America I believe it is an issue for the the IRS. Companies in competitive markets have a lousy track record of unilaterally deciding their profits need to be higher. Its investors believe Uber can make a profit, but there isn't any evidence of that yet. They are taking a pretty substantial risk. For the record, I also think it is an insane practice and would personally take the buyback as an opportunity to sell. That being said, here is a view from which it might make sense: 0) Assume that there is an optimum debt/equity ratio for a company (no idea how it shakes out in practice, but there is probably some rule or theory that suggests an optimum debt level, like the Kelly Criterion suggests an optimum quantity to risk compared to available capital). 1) The accountants have calculated that due to the difference between your return on capital and the market interest rate, you should have borrowings equal to 20% of your shareholders equity. 2) The company's shareholder equity grows organically because it is doing well. 3) The company wants a higher debt/capital ratio, and investors are demanding some profit be returned to them, so borrow the dividend money directly and gives it out as a share buyback, optimising the debt/equity ratio at the same time. This is an administratively neat way of getting the money for the buyback together in one place. There is a fuzzy spot in the argument in that you are returning money to investors at the same time as your return on capital is better than the market, but stranger decisions get made. CEOs and investors don't complain about high stock prices. To be fair, this is an area where it is impossible not to have an agenda. Both being pro-status-quo or pro-something-here-should-change are relatively radical in the eyes of the other, and there isn't a lot of middle ground. Ideally, more money would be sunk into raising the statistical literacy of everybody. Then we can all talk sensibly about the statistics involved here and take it for granted that Simpson's Paradox is being considered in all studies involving gender :P. > Tidy features (like pipes) are detrimental to performance. Detrimental to the runtime performance; if you happen to be reading and processing tabular data from a csv (which is all I've ever used R for, I must admit), then you get real performance gains as a programmer. For one thing, it allows a functional style where it is much harder to introduce bugs. If someone is trying to write performant code they should be using a language with actual data structures (and maybe one that is a bit easier to parallelism than R). The vast bulk of the work done in R is not going to be time sensitive but is going to be very vulnerable to small bugs corrupting data values. Tidyverse, and really anything that Hadley Wickham is involved in, should be the starting point for everyone who learns R in 2018. > languages like R and MATLAB that were designed for data frames and matrices Personal bugbear; the vast majority of data I've used in R has been 2-dimensional, often read directly out of a relational database. It makes a lot of sense why the data structures are as they are (language designed a long time ago in a RAM-lite environment), but it is just so unpleasant to work with them. R would be vastly improved by /single/ standard "2d data" class with some specific methods for "all the data is numeric so you can matrix multiply" and "attach metadata to a 2d structure". There are 3 different data structures used in practice amongst the R libraries (matrix, list-of-lists, data.frame). Figuring out what a given function returns and how to access element [i,j] is just an exercise in frustration. I'm not saying a programmer can't do what I want, but I am saying that R promotes a complicated hop-step-jump approach to working with 2d data that isn't helpful to anyone - especially non-computer engineers. It can help. I'd argue that the US-Saudi deal [1] was in part facilitated by the US being able to offer the Saudi regime military supplies and protection. The military is arguably not the dominant factor, but that is a very debatable point. It is certainly a factor. [1] https://www.bloomberg.com/news/features/2016-05-30/the-untol... I wrote a function once for a friend that modified the enclosing environment, and changed + so that sometimes it added two numbers together and sometimes it added to numbers and an extra 1 just to be helpful. I can sort myself out, but thanks for the thoughts. The issue is that I learn these things /after/ R does something absolutely off the wall with its type system. And a lot of my exposure comes from using other people's libraries. For my own work I just use tidyverse for everything. It solves all my complaints, mainly by replacing apply() with mutate(), data.frame with tibble and getting access to the relational join commands from dplyr. I'll cool with the fact my complaints are ultimately petty. > For attach metadata to an anything, why not use attributes()/attr() or the tidy equivs? Isn't that what it is for? I've never met attr before, and so am unaware of any library that uses attr to expose data to me. The usual standard as far as I can tell is to return a list. > It might not make you feel much better, but data.frame is just a special list, c.f. is.list(data.frame()). So, if you don't want to use the convenience layers for data.frame you can just pretend it is a list and reduce the ways of accessing data structures by one. Well, I could. But data frames have the relational model embedded into them, so all the libraries that deal with relational data use data frames or some derivative. I need that model too, most of my data is relational. The issue is that sometimes base R decides that since the data might not be relational any more it needs to change the data structure. Famously happens in apply() returning a pure list, or dat[x, y] sometimes being a data frame or sometimes a vector depending on the value of y. It has been a while since I've run in to any of this, because as mentioned most of it was fixed up in the Tidyverse verbs and tibble (with things like its list-column thing). > `%matrix_mult%` I have got absolutely no idea what that does in all possible edge cases, and to be honest if the problem that is solving isn't actually one I confront often enough to look in to it. It just bugs me that I have to use as.matrix() to tell R that my 2d data is all made up of integers, when it already knows it is 2d data (because it is a data frame) and that it is made up of integers (because data frame is a list of vectors, which can be checked to be integer vectors). I don't instinctively see why it can't be something handled in the background of the data.frame code, which already has a concept of row and column number. Having a purpose-built data type only makes sense to me in the context that at one point they used it to gain memory efficiencies. I mean, on the surface data %>% select(-date) %>% foreign_function() and data %>% select(-date) %>% as.matrix %>% foreign_function() look really similar, but changing data types half way through is actually adding a lot of cognitive load to that one-liner, because now I have to start thinking about converting data structures in the middle of what was previously high-level data manipulation. And you get situations that really are just weird and frustrating to work through, eg, [1]. [1] https://emilkirkegaard.dk/en/?p=5412 You are, obviously, completely correct on the point that you raise. However, I am sold on those sort of laws on the basis that employers are discriminating on irrelevant dimensions, like race and gender. An employee expecting, or indeed planning , to take a X months leave Y months after joining, with X > Y, isn't an irrelevant dimension. Especially if parental leave is paid, but I don't know if that is how the US handles leave. An employee literally cannot be a high quality, productive worker if they are not working. Employers should not be forced to ignore relevant factors when hiring. That isn't fair on them. Well, philosophically, at some point yes. There should be some level of personal responsibility not to sign up for a job that you don't intend to do. I don't think being required to provide detailed medical records is reasonable, a good faith, optimistic best-case is enough for me. And while you might see pregnancy as equivalent to having a medical condition there are actually a number of fairly important differences. For example, in the modern era, pregnancy is more controllable than illness. Quite a number of people enthusiastically plan on it. Those aspects, intent and control, are important for determining who should bear the cost. The cost should not settle on an unwitting employer looking for a new hire. > Why did Henry Ford pay his workers enough to buy Ford vehicles? Well, the theory was that if his workers could buy his cars he'd make more money. But that is the same type of logic as selling items at marginal loss and trying to make a profit by moving huge volumes. The fact that it worked so well suggests there was something else going on that I don't know about. > Why is paying higher wages while keeping the money in the community/country a "disadvantage" exactly? Aren't you looking only at consumption without considering production? So obviously the absolute number doesn't matter - otherwise we could multiply all dollar figures by 10 at the end of each year and call ourselves wealthy! :D The relative distribution is everything. The game is to split people up into the nearly-everyone camp who take resources and consume them, and the rare talent camp that can turn resources into more resources. I'll call our rare and talented individuals group 2. Take a silly example, wood. Give most people wood, and most people can burn it for heat. The more productive individuals can build something out of it, like a house (which is a better long-term investment in terms of conserving heat). Maybe the most productive would turn it into an axe shaft and cut down a few trees, liberating more wood. The aim of the game is to move as much of societies resources to group 2 as we can reasonably manage, because then we will have massive resource surpluses that we can all enjoy. "Keeping [resources] in a community" is a fine if your community has a couple of people in group 2 that you can divert them to. Otherwise, you'll find that all your resources get consumed and mysteriously there is no surplus any more. If you give all your resources to productive foreigners, they can give you back the same amount, plus a little extra, and themselves be wealthy. Discovering this little dynamic is the heart of economics. The downside is that true group 2-ers are rare, and usually busy enough that they aren't very visible. People forget about them and try to divert resources to the deserving but chronically unproductive instead. If it gets extreme, communism happens and everyone starves. Python's lambda also has an interesting design flaw that anyone using it will come up against sooner or later [1]. The way it interacts with Python's scoping rules is quite broken. This hinders using it as freely as is possible in, eg, Clojure. >>> fs = [(lambda n: i + n) for i in range(10)] >>> [f(4) for f in fs] [13, 13, 13, 13, 13, 13, 13, 13, 13, 13] [1] http://math.andrej.com/2009/04/09/pythons-lambda-is-broken/ > This is good up to a point, and obviously it makes sense for absolute beginners. The way classes are explained with cars and animals has always struck me as extremely perverse, I've seen a couple of very bright students who were just baffled by what lesson they are meant to take away from the analogy. Consider: Vehicle is to Car as is Superclass is to Subclass. Vehicle is to Car as also is a string of bits is to a C int. Why is this analogy any more relevant to explaining class relations vs explaining that all data can be represented as a stream of bits? Or a whole list of other concepts where a thing is classified? Once the OOP vehicle-car analogy is probed past the truly superficial grammar, there isn't anything there. Classes are an organisational tool. They have more in common with database normal forms and and functional programming than cars. Representing that an organisational concept should be thought about as a physical relation is not helpful. > I get the impression that much of medicine is one of those strange practices that looks kinda like science, but really isn't. It is very hard to escape from the fact that there are patients who are so difficult to keep alive that the rational choice is probably to let them die. The exact circumstances will depend on your value structure, but once that is settled any scientific approach that optimises for greatest net good or quality of life will involve letting some patients go without really trying to save them. There is a pretty substantial lobby (no particular affiliation) who just won't accept that attitude being out in public. I watch the struggles of data science to take root in our medical system with great interest in light of this. Anyone using a statistical argument to justify inaction when confronted with a patient is running a risk of being pilloried. Pictures of ancient grandmas on the front page of a newspaper style stuff. And that is if they get the stats right - get something wrong and then you feel like a loser on top of running that risk. Between that and the serious privacy concerns, I can believe that the medical world will be mysteriously disorganised and ad-hoc in their decision making no matter what statistics available. I don't see what the real incentive is to look at and use the numbers, without having a statesman like dedication to the greater good, come what may. Such persons combined with leadership and statistical knowhow are rare. But in practice we can clearly define some things objectively. If that were truly impossible, we would be unable to share common languages to any degree and it would be impossible for two separate cultures to communicate. At some level reality itself may be an illusion and we can never be sure of time and space. However, if we concede that point, then we concede that potentially nothing exists then we cannot debate it because we don't exist either. So even by discussing a matter we are taking an assumption that we exist and that something exists for us to talk about, even if the precise meaning of the words isn't nailed down by anyone. At this point, postmodernism starts to look a bit weak, because to communicate we must assume some shared reality between two parties which is quite possibly going to be objective by both parties standards. And in the framework of human endevour, there are a huge number of hypothetical realities we have ruled out by scientific experiment. It is overwhelmingly likely at this point that something objective exists and we've narrowed in on it quite a bit from, say, 10,000 BC. > yes, much worse than all of the nuclear power accidents combined[1] I'll get it out of the way up front; I'm absurdly pro-nuclear. Sunlight and radiation are both essentially high-energy, carcinogenic radiation. Technically, I'm sure they are very different, practically they are very similar. I'd be really interested to know how the amount of sunlight reflected of a solar panel stacks up against something like the radiation levels in the Fukushima exclusion area after, say, 10 years. People ignore sunlight because it is familiar, but from an engineering perspective it is quite hazardous. Without having any evidence on the subject whatsoever, I'd not be at all surprised if workers at an industrial solar plantation to be at higher risk of cancer than workers at a nuclear plant. I'd love to know how a solar plant working normally stacks up against a rare nuclear disaster by the numbers. > UV is not, in fact, “high energy” in any physics sense is the word. But since a solar power plant is generating industrial levels of electricity by harvesting solar energy, it is clearly high energy in some practical sense. > workers can protect themselves with clothing and Titanium Dioxide. Each year many Australians (I'm from Australia, the number is >5,000) get diagnosed with skin cancer caused by sunlight. A double digit percentage of them die. Just because something is theoretically controllable doesn't mean that it is safe. 0 people died of radiation poisoning so far from the most recent nuclear disaster (Fukashima). Now, I am comparing apples and oranges, but it is entirely plausible that the cancer risks of a solar plant and a nuclear plant are comparable. > With solar, you can wear long sleeves, a hat, gloves and maybe some sunscreen on your face and you are very, very protected. To get the same kind of assurance in a nuclear plant you need significant infrastructure (or a lead suit). Statistically, I have met people who will die of skin cancer caused by sunlight. Including quite possibly my grandfather. Sure, you can say the blame lies with them, but the fact is that there are mountains of evidence that we don't manage ambient sunlight to a standard that would be acceptable in an industrial setting. > You are spreading misinformation on the internet, and this is not good. Please don't do that. No, I'm pointing out that people are irrational when it comes to radiation risk. In practice, it is completely plausible that a normally operating solar plant is more carcinogenic than a normally operating nuclear plant. Given how rare nuclear distasters are, and how overblown the responses are [1], it is even plausible that they are more carcinogenic than a failed nuclear plant in the modern era. The risk of both solar and nuclear are low in practical terms. [1] https://www.ft.com/content/000f864e-22ba-11e8-add1-0e8958b18... Remind me again why the 'real cost' of plastic is higher than all the other garbage we put into landfill? I know there is something going on with microplastics or somesuch that I'm not up to date on, but I would have thought that sealing it in a big hole in the ground would be cheap, effective and safe. Pretty much every physical object we had started out underground and was mined by human or plant activity, except for the minerals that are synthesised directly from the air. It isn't a hill I'm going to fight on, but 'land is a finite resource' has, to me, always meant arable farmland and prime coastal real estate. There is no actual shortage of land. At best, there might be a shortage of prime away-from-water-table-with-less-permeable-rock-surroundings sites that are ideal for landfill - but I doubt that is true. For example, the deepest mine is about 4km deep, and about half the atmosphere is within 5km of the surface of the earth. Running out of landfill space in that sense is like running out of oxygen. The only limits are transport costs and making sure the landfill is either non-toxic or kept well away from water (which, economically speaking, might be a substantial limit but plastics are clearly quite inert, because we store food in them and they apparently don't degrade). EDIT But the key point here is that these costs aren't externalities. The people paying for them are the consumers who are buying the plastic. If landfill costs go up, municipalities will start to charge more for waste disposal and consumers will favour products with less packaging. Yeah, but ... most things in the earth's crust don't biodegrade. Sandstone doesn't really biodegrade, and we have a lot of sandstone near where I live. What makes plastic worse once it is covered with a layer of soil? 3 graphs. https://fred.stlouisfed.org/graph/fredgraph.png?g=ki91 There is a vast quantity of new money being created, and it isn't appearing in household incomes. Something should be done. I don't quite follow what point you are making, is it that [change-GDP] * [change-inflation] = [change-M2] is close to an identity and therefore everything is OK? Because I hadn't thought about that before, but it is actually quite a concerning identity - eg, looking at the price of gold, clearly asset prices are rising in response to increases in the money supply. A kilo of gold in 2017 has nearly the same utility as in 2000, but there is a substantial price rise. Since inflation doesn't measure things like that (only measuring changes in consumer goods EDIT - [1] ) - wouldn't a substantial portion of the growth in GDP then be a response to the fact that the M2 is rising and there is trade in goods that are not included in the inflation indicies? Basically, if the central banks were forcing growth in the M2 (which they are), wouldn't that call into question the value of the real GDP as a measure of real economic growth? All it would take is that price rises in assets or business costs, caused by increases in the money supply, not be at the same percentage rate as price rises in consumer goods. EDIT - [1] - Obviously you can get the real price of gold after adjusting for inflation, but that is assuming that the impact of inflation on the price of gold is identical to the impact of inflation on the price of consumer goods. I hadn't realised that assumption was being made before, and I'm going to read up on it to see what evidence there is that it is true, because if the impact of monetary supply increases on business and asset prices is different, then that undermines GDP growth as a meaningful measure. Thanks for the thought, it is an interesting one. > You seemed to be implying that things were out of control on the money supply. I absolutely was, and still am. > The money supply has to grow as much as the growth of real GDP, or it's deflationary, and deflation is much more damaging than inflation. Money supply growth on top of that results in inflation, but 3% inflation isn't the kind of level that causes real problems. There is an assumption there though, and that was what I was excited about. The assumption is that everything that isn't a consumer good increases in cost by (inflation_CPI + real growth). If that assumption is wrong, and I take my prior (ie, out of control money supply) then the result is that real GDP growth is decoupled from the growth of the underlying economy, and now I have a formula to play with. So the next step is for me to go and look up why they think that, eg, change in the price of gold (or anything not measured as part of the CPI) is equal to (inflation_CPI + real) instead of (inflation_asset_markets + real). Because I think that the way the money supply is being expanded would cause the rate of change in expected price of assets (sans real changes in value) to differ from the inflation rate of consumer goods. EDIT I'll just add my reasoning for why - we can establish that new money isn't going to median households by looking at the average median household wage (and growth in household numbers isn't high enough to make up the difference). Therefore, the money is likely being directed towards people who already have lots of it, and businesses. At this point, assuming that this is spent on and causes inflation first and foremost in consumer prices seems like unclear thinking. It isn't going to entities who compete for consumer goods, it is going to entities who compete for assets and business supplies. Dota is a bit deceptive like that; it is secretly a slow and deliberate game. IMO most of the deaths occur 2-5 seconds before the action begins when a hero gets out of position. There was a moment in game 1 that was the exception proving the rule for me. The bot playing lion successfully disabled the human initiator on earthshaker at the end of the game. It looked like a superhuman reaction, but it was also a bit different from all the other fights of the game where it was usually the fundamental position being too far in the AIs favour - they had a gold advantage and had been developing a lead through the entire game by consistently trading deaths 1-0, 2-1 or 3-2 in engagements. The potentially superhuman reaction took the game from "looks like bots are winning" to "humans resign now", but the vast bulk of the advantage was that the bots simply had a better understanding of which team enjoyed a superior position. I would not be surprised if higher bot reaction times (+100-300ms range) weren't all that impactful on the results. It'll be really interesting when the courier distortion is removed and the AI has to play more defensively. Also, I suppose the actual, harder to articulate, complaint in the "reaction time" complaint is that the bot teammates have the capacity to chain abilities more accurately and have played so many hours together there is an advantage there that isn't 'fair'. It'll be a fun milestone when they can drop a single bot in a pub game where their teammates aren't all that coordinated. But if you are using traditional energy sources to run it all the time, it is no longer 'solving' the problem of burning off excess energy during peak renewable times. Someone is having to build a lot of highly wasteful, redundant infrastructure. Without any exposure in practice, there is another interesting subtlety here that are related to the stereotype of 'juvenile behavior is commonly encouraged by both gaming and SV companies'. Opinions don't happen in a vacuum, usually they are formed after carefully consulting a group of peers. It follows that men would form opinions of women after discussion with other men, women of men in discussion with other women. A couple of things that OP describes read to me like this discussion playing out in a work environment, without understanding of how the woman listening in feels about it. I can sympathise, I'd hate to hear a frank discussion of my potential as a partner or have it floating around as watercooler gossip; that talk does not belong in a workspace. But is there any evidence that the work-as-family-and-friends atmosphere makes these discussions more public? Or are they just a general problem of workplaces? I'd believe either and I don't know where the evidence is. I'm nowhere near Gladstone, but I have a lot of exposure to the planning & approval process for Australian mines. Firstly, it is unlikely that the mine manger has less power in the modern era than they did in the days of old. Mine managers wield enormous power under law and in practice. Secondly, the real issue here is likely that nobody cares about small limestone mines, but the economies of scale in Gladstone are such that the mines are projects of importance at the State and global level. Local groups with real power (enough influence to get council moving) can still sway mine operations quite convincingly, larger mining companies have had some experiences with fighting real local opposition and it is not a profitable exercise. But the flip side of that, once a mine operation gets large enough it can no longer please everyone, and when the State & local governments support your operation, the people who are not pleased feel very powerless. Nobody likes that situation, but there isn't a straightforward resolution. The idea that globalisation is responsible is a bit tenuous. Make the case that councils are blinded by greed, that is an easy one. I will politically remind the reader that the State government, who takes the cut, is also the same group who needs more money to fund schools & hospitals. EDIT And mining corporations usually spend lavishly on local projects to suppress organised opposition on council. tl;dr; I have observed the process and don't believe that globalisation has broken the chain. Local government still has sufficient power to yea, nay or influence operations. State governments have absolute power to yea, nay and influence operations. They are responsible, not some shady globalist in Shenzhen, America or Japan. Ignoring even that, in the end when he was caught/executed, it was in Pakistan by a small team of operatives. So in hindsight, why was there an army in Afghanistan? 15/19 of the terrorists involved were former Saudi nationals, so it isn't like the Afghans were obviously churning out radicals. Whole thing was bizarre. Crickey. I am onboard with your actual point, but consider painting the picture without such broad strokes. There are something like 320 million Americans, and their culture is an impressive mishmash of every other culture that the world has ever produced, held together by string and elbow grease. Give it a little respect, even if you do want to lay out a little of the realpolitik. "Not supporting the troops" is a conversation ender up there with accusations of racism and sexism. But the issues there are much more complicated than no-one being interested. You might want to check the 'work well' part of that. The average American has 4x times more than the average Chinese national, even after ppp adjustments. I couldn't quickly find figures for the median, which I'd refer to use. China's net migration is also negative. It seems highly reasonable that China would be doing better if they toned down their protectionist policies. Or even if it was a little bit of fairness in how the QE is distributed. For better or worse, America is the leading example of capitalism in practice. It undermines the whole brand of capitalism when they hand out 4 trillion to the banks then call it a day. Where does the integrity of the system come in to the debate? That sort of thing was meant to be a hallmark of the communists, not first world nations. A neat gender balance would be better for the people involved than an insanely skewed gender balance that favours men. That being said, one could substitute China -> America and, gender -> wealth, unmarried -> jobless, and I think the accusation would be similar. I've had Americans seriously tell me that the country is on the brink of civil war, which seems about as bad as anything that could come from China's gender imbalance. I'd link that to economic problems, it is the explanation that makes the most sense to me. Basically, there is a real concern; but I'm not sure it is an /unacceptable/ outcome of the One Child Policy. It might just be an outcome. The OCP can easily be cast as a policy of courage and prudence; overpopulation carries a real threat of starvation and collapse if it overshoots what the local resources can support. Ah, sorry, should have linked my source. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_distribut... Wealth, not income. Although I do now see the data is 2000 era, so the situation might be different now. China was a very equal country by wealth back then, though. In the context your banking system is in, this attitude makes perfect sense to me. But bigger picture, it is weird. Note that this is an attitude where the banks are essentially assumed not to be at risk of bankruptcy. Maybe this means the depositor views the banks as a utility - access to the system whereby debts are settled and trade occurs. This is completely at odds with what the banks actually do day-to-day, which is make judgments about which businesses and families have a chance to thrive. They execute this through their decisions on who to loan to, and how much. There is an enormous tension here - the capitalist mechanism to encourage good performance of the banks day-to-day duties is losses and hence bankruptcy if they really muck up. A voting consumer who wants 'reliable IT' and 'Tech Support' isn't going to tolerate that in the design of the system. I don't have any money in the American banking system, so I can be harsh. The world is full of threats and risk; if people can ignore what is been done with their money then the financial abstractions and safety nets are too extreme. It isn't reasonable for a depositor to be completely, purposefully ignorant of what is being done with their money. They should acknowledge and carry some (relatively small amount) of the risk, and have an actual relationship with their banker. I miss the old-world personal relation with the banking manager that a reasonably wealthy individual could enjoy. I think it would create stronger local communities. EDIT obviously depositors with account sizes in the And yet, there are so many instances where their is no ambiguity about the lies. I suspect everyone can agree there are instances where there is no ambiguity about what is a lie and what is truth. But it seems unlikely that there is any consensus on which instances these are, or what the truth is. If there is consensus, then almost by definition censorship is not needed, because all the though leaders can identify the lie easily. The argument in favour of moderation is to build a specific type of community, not to establish truth. The hope is that people will vote with their feet and move to communities that favour the truth. I'm not saying I have any evidence otherwise, but do you have a source for that? I mean, "more comfortable to just retreat to a place with common similar beliefs" is a good theory. But it is hardly the only one I can think of. Off the top of my head I also have: 1) Wealth is being eroded by the response to the '08 crisis leaving known-bad cultures to thrive in the lending industry. Social fabric starts to unravel due to lack of wealth creation. 2) Academics have had a long history of being in tension with democratic ideals. Famously, right when they came up with the idea of 'academies' Socrates was executed by a jury trial. More recently, communism had strong support in academic circles of Europe. We've massively increased the exposure of people to the university culture in the last 1-2 generations. Maybe technocrat leanings are leaking out? Technocrats don't compromise well on social issues, they believe there is a best answer. Basically, the problem might not be algorithms and search bubbles, even though this is a forum that knows a lot about algorithms and search bubbles. Maybe one of the following? These are a couple of takes of that attitude from a few slightly different viewpoints. * Removal of agency from the patient in relation to how their body is treated; anti-individualism. * Decision making power assigned to an agent who does not have skin in the game; anti-system-thinking. * Attitude runs counter to having a strong sense of personal responsibility; anti-some-morality-systems. * Imposition of doctors value system overrides patient values; not-sure. If I put my shareholder hat on I can believe that competence at the CEO level is 312x more valuable than at the worker level. Personally, I'm suspicious that all the extra money won't correlate with any sort of useful increase in performance. How is paying these people more going to encourage better decisions? It just means they'll have more comfortable holidays. I've seen head-office politics, and believe that the system used for promotions can tell great from terrible. But there is no way it has the capability of picking who would be best choice to run a company out of 50 senior management figures. There is a lot of pot luck in whether the market conditions are favorable in any given CEOs tenure. Anyone 3-4 levels away from the frontline probably has a reasonable shot at being the best choice to manage a large company. Take AlphaGo, because I know Go quite well. A computer is making better decisions than a human, using a pretty reasonable approximation of the same mechanism as a human but scaled up. It needs relatively more resources (gameplay time, expert attention, etc) to a achieve a more focused result than a human expert. At the moment, it is very easy to suspect that it is only the economics of training a neural net (hardware, specialist attention, data gathering an processing) that is holding us back from AGI. Human brains can evolve by chance. Nothing fundamental is stopping us from creating a synthetic one. Natural Intelligence isn't that smart either, realistically. The premise of the title is a bit odd, because technically anything a lisp can do assembly language can do. The bar on being able to do 'anything' is so low that many things accidentally become Turing complete. Can lisp programmers still feel smug about using lisp? No, because it never was and never will be productive to feel smug. Is lisp still the best language for expressing a programmers thoughts? Yes, because it has basically no syntax, so any program will be a direct representation of a programmer's mental model for how their program works. No language with syntax will do that, but the average programmer is probably best actively discouraged from utilising this freedom because they probably have flawed mental models of what is going on. > Many of the pros, even ones who have played against (read: got crushed by) OpenAI Five, still think it's very far away for the bot to out draft a pro team with the full ranked game rules and hero pool. Neither AI experts or DotA experts have the necessary background to predict how close anything is to any level of future performance. DotA players are probably the worst to ask, because the AI is already stronger than they are at a subset of the game and they have no insight into how quickly that subset could be generalised into other aspects. OpenAI has a list of something like 7 restrictions. Nobody has any real idea of how quickly these restrictions can be lifted once the OpenAI team has an AI that has mastered the game with those restrictions. Eg, 5 invulnerable couriers is obviously a huge restriction - but once OpenAI knows it gains a benefit by ordering items, how difficult is it to lift that restriction? Nobody knows. Might be easy, might be hard. > I think that's a little unfair. Most folks have been pointing out that OpenAI's current momentum-based "deathball" strategy seems to fall apart without infinite regen and a limited hero pool, both facilitated by the current set of restrictions. People said similar things about Go AIs and ko fights. And in the end it turned out that neural networks handled kos fine but ladders were a challenge. On the deathball strategy in particular, consider that we expect a superhuman DotA AI to change the DotA metagame, so playing off-meta doesn't tell us anything. AlphaGo would invade 3-3 point a lot more enthusiastically than a human player. This was considered a classic beginner mistake for many years; now the theory has been readjusted to cope with the fact that AlphaGo stuck with it and just considered it a good move. We can safely say that the courier change has made a deathball strategy more powerful and it seems quite likely it is not an optimum strategy. But we can't be sure until OpenAI tests it, and we absolutely can't be sure that OpenAI won't just learn a new style when the conditions change. The criticisms have merit, but nobody has enough data predict anything about the future. Particularly a professional DotA player. The ongoing "Russia is up to something" narrative is an unpleasant death by a thousand cuts. China is doing 'interesting' expansionary work encroaching on territory in the South China Sea. America has no doubt spawned a generation of enemies in the Middle East from the last 15 odd years of warmongering. The Russians have no demonstrated ability to do anything dangerous politically, or any particular motive not shared by the ~20% of the world population living in China. To even influence the conversations in American politics they will have to wait in line behind a maelstrom of corporate interests that have the political scene quite neatly locked down. It is heartbreaking to see the usually vibrant US political scene get so lost in the bushes on foreign policy and threat assessment. > Russia can’t do anything, Unless you are Ukraine(invaded), Georgia or Europe (remember that fuel crisis and pipelines) that is. Yes, Russia would be a concern to me if I lived in Europe. > Or the United States in our case. That is neither an argument nor a fact, so I can't really address it. > Or Syria (Russia is assad’s Primary backer).. Isn't Russia supporting the legitimate government in Syria? Obviously that isn't supporting US interests, but it is hardly a radical position. > So yeah, remember when Democrats ridiculed Romney for his Russia statements and Obama and HRC declared it was time for a “reset button” for the bad relationship betweeen the Bush white goose and Russia? No, don't follow US politics that closely. It would be nice to see the US reset its bad relationship with Russia if I'm reading that right. The world is better if we all try to get along civilly. > Or how about their efforts to back certain black lives matter groups and pro police group on the other hand to stroke racial tension does that not matter? Pardon? I don't understand. > Or their current effort to discredit Republican Who have split from Trump. Approximately half the political apparatus is constantly trying to discredit the other half, and the other half is usually infighting quietly and jocking for positions. Russian trolls aren't going to be able to get in before the Democrats have started savaging them. > We still live in that world, And the consequences for people both in the United States and outside of the United States are immense. Yes. > At some point this stops looking like normal relationships and start looking like an act of war No they don't. Acts of war involve material harm at some level. I know Trump isn't that popular, but he has ballpark similar ratings (~1 person in 20 difference) to Ronald Reagan, Bill Clinton or even Obama at this point is the presidency [1]. If the Russians are somehow having an impact, it isn't upsetting anyone unduly, let alone an act of war. [1] https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/trump-approval-ratings/ That isn't actually the tu quoque fallacy, although it does look quite similar at first glance. A = [commit murders on foreign soil, invade other countries and other nasty things] B = [made this relationship a lot less attractive] C = [it is wise to improve our relationship] The original claim is A -> B, A(Russia) -> True. The response is that A -> B, A(US) -> True. Therefore, if C(US), C(Russia) is also not ruled out. Logically sound. This isn't claiming that rbanffy's argument is wrong because A(rbanffy). I suspect rbanffy is probably not even committing murders on foregin soil, le alone the other stuff, so it isn't a tu quoque fallacy. It is just pointing out that A isn't an international norm for cutting off productive relationships. Also an interesting question; does this mean we can rule out sexism as a contributing factor to men getting more airtime? It appears unlikely that a mostly female staff is suffering from delusions of female incompetence. There are many reasons a system might be biased that are not attributed to prejudice. It is interesting, given that the corpuses are available, that keyboard design isn't framed as some sort of linear or nonlinear optimising problem. Choose a set of tasks -> plug into an optimiser -> get a keyboard mapping tuned to the task you are doing. There'd be people who find that useful. The maths isn't at all hard, the data is there. EDIT Maybe it would be a fun project to take something like top 100 C libraries from github and build up an optimised keyboard layout for C coding. It is an interesting idea. Clarifying the mechanism here - a sign that the ideology has changed is that the head of state changes. The Head of State generally has a substantial power base in the system in order to hold their seat. If they are ousted, it is a sign their power base has waned and the system changed. gp actually answered that with "especially if you want to live like it is the 1940s". There is a quiet denial about how luxurious modern living is. People just flat-out underestimate how much work it takes to keep the infrastructure of the modern world in place and humming - traditional infrastructure, IT grids, distribution of goods and services (particularly maintaining an enormous fleet of wheeled vehicles). I know a lot of people who are poorer than I am but spend more, because they just don't clamp down on things like car usage, sending money to their children, pets and ordering a daily coffee. The only thing that will force them to live a simple lifestyle is literally having no money. Sometimes people maneuver into a position where they have no choice, because they make bad long-term lifestyle choices early on, but so far the evidence is that human demand for stuff and services is infinite. People use their spare hours to gather and consume more. > his team isn't the strongest (they placed 17-18th during this TI) Oh, is that all :P. Assuming a 2x buffer for players who are good but not competitive, there are maybe 200 humans in the world who are better at DotA. If mastery is 1 in 10,000, these people are masters. Is OpenAI's expected win chance available anywhere? Only the bot reaction time against initiations was keeping them in the game for the last 20 minutes, so it might have been the desperate flailing typical of bots when they are losing. If we peg the 1970s as when things changed, that is about the time that Bretton Woods/the gold standard ended and growth in GDP growth stopped being a proxy for per capita growth of energy use. Hard to know if that was cause or effect though, it seems unlikely that the monetary system changed because everything was going well. It does suggest the modern monetary system is a bit of a lemon. EDIT scratch that, it is madness to say it is causal. But it does do a great job of hiding symptoms. I thoroughly reject whatever it is you are suggesting. There is nothing immoral about wanting to enjoy a high standard of living. Mmm. As an Australian, the main reason I'd be happy with using US telecom equipment would be the fact that Australia makes up 1/5th of the 5 eyes. I'd expect our security people to have a very good idea of what backdoors are or are not present. The far right have been advocating or at least partial to Nuclear power since as far back as the late Howard government in '07. Cory Bernardi has a bill before the Senate right now titled "Nuclear Fuel Cycle (Facilitation) Bill 2017". France with nuclear remains the first world country with the cheapest, cleanest, and probably safest power. There is no branch of politics committed to "maintaining Australia's CO2 emission levels". There is a branch that wants cheap, and a branch that wants specific technologies. And the status quo seems to be holding until Australia decides which option is better. That branch isn't the far right though. That branch is the people who represent electorates with lots of coal mines (ironically likely to be voting Labor, who are perceived as left aligned). The perception that anyone likes coal because there is a massive pro-coal conspiracy is missing out on the Occam's Razor idea that there is broad electoral support for cheap power that the right wing, far right or otherwise, are happy to support. > In a free market setting, nuclear is not going to be cheap. Costs haven't stopped Germany trying to jump ship to solar, and that hasn't turned out half as well as France from an economic or environmental perspective. Australia is one close election away from the Greens pushing something similar on to us. Australia is composed of unusually large, flat, desolate geotechnically stable areas. We produce large amounts of raw materials, including steel, and have some of the most extensive uranium deposits currently known about. We have a highly educated population. The next time we have one of those big once-in-a-generation crashes and the government is looking for a great big expensive infrastructure project to soak up some excess capacity, it would be absolutely fantastic if a nuclear plant was at least on the cards. Currently, it is banned. It is banned for no good reason. And banning something because the peanut gallery thinks it might be expensive is not a good move. And, and this is my central point in this thread, none of this is because the far right has an irrational love of coal. Not a huge amount; but I got riled up reading "the far-rights are ... maintaining Australia's CO2 emission levels". I sometimes get called far right in political discussion, and as far as I'm concerned Australia has a perfectly good option to lower CO2 emissions that is being blocked by the far left. I want to see more nuclear power stations, they look like a good idea to me. There is a big coal mine in the works (Adani) and any outflows from that mine have some potential to add further stress to the reef ecosystem, so coal v. nuclear might be tangentially related there. In the main I agree, but 2 caveats here: 1) The interface cannot be magically guaranteed as appropriate. In this case, Dropbox implicitly believes they need capabilities that the standard filesystem interface is not providing. 2) If the differences between filesystems were not interesting, we wouldn't have different filesystems. ZFS and ext4 have to be different, and hence incompatible, in some interesting way, or why have both? Let us reflect that medical practice is one of the textbook examples for people making bad decisions due to Simpson's paradox. That the sheer number of highly opinionated people who are confident and wrong is staggering (take nutritional information, for example). That the risk of being embroiled in a good game of political or legal football is high. On top of that, this is a field that historically has had poor exposure to good engineering practice or mathematics. A field where a researcher's have both the intelligence and lack of exposure to plausibly rediscover integration without being clued in by anyone in the know [1]. There is almost certainly more to be gained by working with evidence and solid statistical practice than there is by gut and guessing. It is hard enough just keeping everyone focused on the measurable evidence and weeding out stats mistakes without pretending that doctors should somehow diagnose based on their 6th sense. That isn't a healthy expectation for any party, including the doctor. Efforts should be made to figure out what variables they are actually using to make decisions, if those variables are actually useful predictors and then how to systematise them. It is tautologically impossible that an experienced clinicians is detecting undetectable variables in their decision making process. [1] https://academia.stackexchange.com/questions/9602/rediscover... Not only that, but the tech companies are starting to take an active role in politics [1]. The amount of power these companies wield should make everyone nervous - there is a comment on this article that "without checks and balances and the protection of the Constitution [the US] would be living under authoritarian dictatorship right now". On reflection, nobody should believe that the US is subject to sudden change but tech companies are somehow immune. Imagine if the Google shareholders decided that someone like Trump would make a good Google CEO; paralleling the US move from Obama to Trump in one election cycle. It would be very worrying. [1] https://www.cnbc.com/2017/01/17/google-was-against-trump-now... There is the unreachable ideal of political neutrality, then there are the achievable murky states of "neutral enough" that we can strive to achieve in daily life. A workplace should be, first and foremost, a place where work is done. The march of history has proven that allowing people who are mistaken in their beliefs to contribute positively has achieved great things. Consider, for example, Fritz Haber - many of his beliefs and principles are clearly bad ideas, and his overall contribution is overwhelmingly positive. This is a particularly good example of a general principle that exists up and down the industrial underpinnings of modern western civilisation. Politics entering the workplace, and monocultures in particular, represent a threat the the mechanisms that allow corporations to drive good outcomes. Nobody should want that, especially considering that even apparent fact sometimes turns out to be wrong. Up until around 2008, clock speed was increasing rapidly and the bottleneck to systems performance kept changing. Software was being obsoleted in a mater of years. Then things started changing; evidenced perhaps by Windows upgrades suddenly becoming a lot less relevant and Apple starting to steamroll more modular computer builders like Dell. Mark my words, there will come a day where continuously upgrading software will start to have a clearly higher cost than old, boring and stable. 2018 to me is the first year that a software platform can have had a true decade to stabilise in an environment that isn't constantly shifting and changing at a hardware level. Maybe trends like in graphics cards will shake things up, but I believe the advantage is going to move to stable, slow upgrading, well supported platforms with large bases of well trained developer. Reducing LTS windows will be a disadvantage for the Java ecosystem. > But if you live here in this company your whole life it is questionable why we should call ourselves capitalists. Capitalism is about who owns the capital. In a big corporation, most of the workers are unlikely to even have meaningful control of capital, let alone anything approximating ownership. The community aspect of socialism isn't the problem - that is one of its more beguiling features. The problem is that once you take the cynicism of capitalism out of the picture ideas take root that are pleasant sounding but turn out not to work in practice. There are a couple of big hitters in that bad ideas category, eg, everyone should get a roughly equal share of societies resources. In practice this turns out to be a catastrophically bad idea where everyone is equal and has nothing. We've seen that story play out more than once - it turns out the best equilibrium is people who are more productive should get more, and people who are less productive should get ... politics is still out on exactly how much they should get, but it is settled that it should be substantially less than the productive ones. In a corporation, if ideas like that take hold, the people with prospects flee like rats from a sinking ship, the corporation goes bust and then everyone moves on to something that works. Doubly baffling when considered that the revolutionary trio of iPod, iPhone and iPad look, with eyes crossed and no glasses, remarkably like 3x sizes of a single product and at one point you could represent most of their profits with one small table of products. Apple isn't known for diversity. If the defining feature of cars is engine or physical design, Apple doesn't have a chance; it isn't like traditional industrial companies don't have smart and talented engineers - the Apple of cars already happened with Toyota and their inspired manufacturing process. Apple does have a chance if software is the hardest part of designing the car of the future. In a world where Apple fields a good all-round car with great software, and the software notably improves the driving experience in a difficult-to-mimic fashion, then maybe Apple can find a margin. It is an ambitious play. If they can't differentiate themselves with software it isn't going to be a winner for them. But if they can, it would fit very well with the Apple model of entering a market that was understood to be mature and demonstrating massive profits for well-designed software/hardware combinations. Driving cars in 2018 is like 20c/texts when using the phones of 2006 - if that chore went away, we wouldn't miss it. > Yet, the reason why nuclear is dying in the Western world is cost. You'll get no argument from me that if the government needs to give cash handouts then the plant shouldn't go ahead. That being said, we need to distinguish between the cost of building a plant that is: * Safer than what we are currently using (which I'd see as inherent) * Compliant with government regulations (which I think are often unreasonable and unnecessary) There is pretty convincing circumstantial evidence that nuclear power is safer than fossil fuels (eg, less risk in the mining process, less deaths per watt [1]). There is also evidence that governments response to nuclear accidents is, if not hysterical, disorganised and overzealous [2]. Now the marginal cost of small increases in safety, once you are under as much scrutiny as the nuclear industry, is huge. I've worked in safe industry and the costs were already high. If we'd been held to the same standards as a nuclear plant we would have gone out of business in a few years. Nuclear operations are facing a real risk of being held liable for hypothetical deaths of unknown individuals based on highly uncertain modeling and theory. They have big up-front costs, and are vulnerable to all sorts of political attacks. We haven't really shaken the tree to figure out how cost-effectivly these things can be run with modern control systems and design software. [1] http://i.imgur.com/EkYYLRh.png - not really a source, I remember reading this in a fairly well known NYTimes article though. [2] https://www.nytimes.com/2015/09/22/science/when-radiation-is... But even so, having something in the constitution is of relatively little protection if the judiciary and government are in favour of an idea. For example, the bill of rights talks about "right of the people to be secure ... against unreasonable searches and seizures" and yet asset forfeiture is still a legal option. Actual practices surrounding plea bargains also look to run counter to the spirit of the BoR, but I mean what do I know. I don't see how having a bill of rights helps. The only matter of import, and the only protection, is an engaged and motivated voting public. Constitutional amendment might provide a thin layer of protection against short-term rogue actors, but the creeping surveillance state is not rogue by any means, it seems to be a point of international consensus over many decades. Firstly, in the nicest possible way, have you tested that belief against evidence? Because it is very easy to socialise with an unusual peer group and get weird anecdotes on this particular subject. Secondly, there are unarguably some people who think like this and by their nature, they make up a disproportionate fraction of both borrowing, consumer spending and hence potentially business activity. Wise to keep an eye on them. Are you certain about that thesis? "Lax sex rules" haven't torn apart the modern world and were probably quite prevalent through history. Plausibly, in the good old days before washing machines when keeping a home together was a gargantuan task, the economic equilibrium just happened to be 1:1 male/female pairings. Examining the substance of marriage law in England, for example, suggests that most of meat of law and custom revolves around inheritance law. People get swallowed up in the pageantry, but the legal trouble starts when assets are involved. We should expect increases in efficiency vs the US to /increase/ energy use relative to US levels. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jevons_paradox I'm not current on the statistics but my understanding was that at the moment there is a flow of real goods (and services?) from China to America. If that assumption is reasonable, it is difficult to describe a situation in China where the customers get worse off due to reduced exports without the leadership going crazy (like shutting down all their factories and everyone sitting at home sulking instead of selling their goods locally at a discount). If they pretend the American dollar is the be-all-and-end-all they will get into trouble, but it is hard to see why they would do that. I'd speculate the situation would be OK for any shareholders in China, where any on-paper drops would be countered by improved real access to stuff, and probably bad for shareholders in America where on paper drops may as well be real. Of course, real life is so complicated it is who can even guess? This word "inflationism" is new to me. Interestingly there doesn't seem to be a clear term for what the US system currently is. It doesn't look like free market capitalism, but on the flip side, nobody can accuse the US of being socialist or communist. Something is happening where the government is picking winners and losers with their inflation policies. As I enjoy repeating, new money is appearing as measured by the M1/M2 monetary aggregates, and so logically _someone_ has a very happy balance sheet. If you think all you need to know about a judge can be summed up in one sentence, you have misunderstood the nature of judges. This is the organ of government that is meant to apply logic and behave consistently over time. They deal in thick stacks of paper because they consider issues in great depth including the possible ramification and unintended consequences. There is nuance here and justice is much more complicated than the usual rough-and-tumble politics. This is an ideal opportunity to exercise long form discussion with arguments, large amounts of evidence and a goodwill attitude. Using soundbites damages the system. > A society where only 16% of men mate has 84% angry young men with nothing to lose. Is it so crazy to think that a man with no partner could live a socially responsible life? The choice isn't a binary "Happy with wife and kids" vs "Flame, looting, violence and plague". I'm basing my experience on Australian law here, but our 'modern state-sanctioned monogamy' is a comprehensive system to stop fathers from having children then walking away when the going gets tough. The issue with that is that it represents a breakdown of property rights. I'd like, but don't know how, to find a less judgmental way of putting that point because from what I've heard the US healthcare system is unfair and unpleasent. That said - what you are describing is in a strictly literal sense theft. This quickly comes back to grandparent's point that the terms 'we' and 'survive' need to be more established. I can't imagine a single person who thinks that a situation that gives rise to advice like that is acceptable. "The Economy" is a (surprisingly effective!) system for allocating resources. It short-circuits a human instinct that social status and fairness should be the guide, and replaces that with "a persons economic contribution" instead. Now, it turns out that the difference in productivity between people is so great (think the old 10x-100x programmer) that allocating resources according to contribution creates so much surplus stuff that everybody wins, even the unproductive. And, as a side benefit, everyone has an incentive to be productive. The flip side is that Government is made up of ordinary people who often ask "what about fairness and status?", and likes to interfere to reallocate from productive people to unproductive people. In mild cases you get a healthy level of support for the disadvantaged, in extreme cases you get Venezuela. But in all cases, since the productive people are given less, they create less and there is less available to distribute. In theory this triggers the laws of supply-and-demand, reduces supply and prices increase. The flip side is if the productive people consume their wealth instead of producing with it then we probably could tax them without any ill effects, but I think that is rarer than most people think. > defined renewal periods My preface is that that sounds like a really reasonable and prudent approach that combines all sorts of good ideas and principles. It has given me something new to think about. The flip side is that children do change things quite significantly. My memory is we already exclude children from personally entering in to contract law because they don't really make good decisions; and in a messy marriage breakdown they could quite reasonably be expected to be caught in the crossfire. There are bound to be issues here that separate what is needed in family law from ordinary contract law. > It's perfectly reasonable for the baseline of a marriage contract to be shared income and a reasonable time to adjust to the loss of shared income should you get divorced You are positing a right without a responsibility. Why should a spouse with no earning power be given a free pass on having obligations? The only answer I would readily accept is that one partner is responsible for earning and the other is responsible for children, but outside that the situation is hard to justify. > How does your spouse get back on their feet now? Claiming that being married disqualifies someone from the workforce is a relic of an era that is long past. In the absence of some hefty commitment (ie, children) it isn't true. Well, I actually believe that the constant money printing (eg, expressed in the US M2 Monetary Stock) has badly messed up the ability of the economy to recognise who is and isn't productive. The system is in real trouble and not working as I'd like it to. But the question wasn't what America is doing wrong, the question was why government intervention always leads to price increases. > This is a sadistic logic. People dying because they can't afford healthcare. At some point everyone dies, and we know somewhere we run up against physical limits of what we can achieve. You'll need o be more specific about what your issue is here. > Living precariously from wageslip to wageslip. I've met people on $150,000 who manage to live paycheck to paycheck because they spend all their money in one go. You are probably referring to a real problem, but again maybe be more specific about what the actual problem is. > Internalising the toxic logic that one's worth is directly proportional to one's market value. It is impossible for everyone to simultaneously be 10x more productive than average, so I would _strongly_ advise anyone who thinks like this to pick a more achievable standard for measuring their self worth. But the choice of economic system does not determine anyone's mindset. Several things 1) Seems reasonable. Several things 2) > A system in which the majority of people hate their job, have no bargaining power, have no say in their workplace, and are told by society that they aren't worth anything I mean realistically this is a value judgment so there is nothing to disagree on, but there are a lot of aspects here that are very negative. Clearly these workers are worth something, being humans, and nobody is seriously going to tell them otherwise. A lot of people are happy in their job, and realistically what is the actual problem with modern jobs? That workers have to turn up on time? That they have to be nice to people even if they don't feel like it? There are some horror stories that come out of retail, but they are caused by bad behavior of customers, not by the economic system. I've seen a lot of people with lousy jobs who really struggle through life, but often the actual problem is something that is strictly in their personal life. I'm not sympathetic to the idea that somehow because workers don't understand the importance of what they do that they are therefore wasting time. Several things 3) > It's proven that above £28,000, increased income has no effect on quality of life I'm not really familiar with the income and expense situation in the UK so I'll not try to talk about it. I would suggest that once you get beyond lifestyle expenses there are a lot of things that the wealthy do with their money that have nothing to do with their short term quality of life (like investment, or supporting family members or close friends). But did those conventions cause all those things, or did the incentives that caused the conventions also cause all those things? Because addressing the conventions is just cargo-cult economics, we want the incentives. The US system is massively debt based at the moment, private debt (note: private not public) went from 40% -> 80% GDP from 1970 to today. My naive perspective is that I would expect higher debt loads to cause: * Lower GDP growth * Higher costs of living * Reduced economic stability * Consolidation (because large players have more capital so can secure larger loans) * Low real wage growth (because ability to earn by working is not as attractive because there is an option to 'earn' by borrowing) The US ended the Brenton Woods system in the early 70s, and the consolidations really started in in around the early 80s [1]. So we know that there were some pretty major changes at the roots, of the financial system. It seems very plausible that some critical incentive changed in the late 70s (roughly lines up with Paul Volcker becoming Fed chair) and we have been seeing the ramifications ever since. That happens to coincide with the highest interest rates set under the current monetary system and the start of the current trend which is extending into the negatives [2]. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_bank_mergers_in_the_Un... [2] https://tradingeconomics.com/united-states/interest-rate I value political neutrality in the workplace, so I have a lot of in-principle issues with what is being shown here right from the get-go. I didn't wind the video back to find the exact quote, but we now have publicised evidence of senior leadership at Google who stood up and said 'obviously our values are not the same as a big chunk of Americans'. Clearly a lot of them are specific Hillary supporters, a candidate so unelectable she lost to Trump. There is a practical difference between pagerank, which is a transparent algorithm, and a non-transparent magic algorithm that is controlled by a group who are clearly not engaged with the idea of corporate political neutrality. Taking the views expressed here as a starting point, logically why shouldn't they try to tilt the election result using their power? EDIT I'm just going to add this in because it just doesn't sit well. It shouldn't acceptable for leadership in a workplace to stand up and express pain and dismay at the outcome of a democratic process. > If you're doing meaningful work, you're changing things in the world. I don't accept that as a truism; most work is maintaining the historically unprecedented comfort that we enjoy as a society and I think that is meaningful. Providing food is meaningful, providing shelter is meaningful, extracting raw resources is meaningful, taxation and welfare are meaningful, taxation and government services are meaningful. I could go io but that covers the basic point. And since we are talking about a specific company, I don't even necessarily accept that the folk at Google are changing the world more than anyone else. I don't know anyone personally who's commented that 'wow Google has really changed my life' since the introduction of Gmail about 15 years ago. So, whatever they are doing it isn't very visible. Most of the improvement in the technological world is startups and the work of the circuit people. Well, my position on the subject is complicated and it is a struggle to condense it down into something reasonable. Basically, there is no way whatsoever that being a capable and talented corporate leader makes your opinion somehow right. If anything, the comforts of great wealth and power make it less likely that their opinion actually represents the best interests of ordinary folk. So my starting point is that the opinion of Google's leaders is not more valid than anyone else's. Then the second aspect is that they are on that stage in official capacities as leadership of Google. So they are representing the company's views to their employees. Combining those two, why should republican voters in Google have to experience what is basically a public condemning of their vote? It isn't professional to publicly condemn the views of half your customers and potentially a large percentage of your workforce for no legitimate business reason. Obviously, the concerns about possible immigration issues I would accept as completely relevant. I'm not sure if that has actually affected Google's business operations - but that aspect wasn't the main focus of the all-hands. The focus of the all-hands was clearly dismay that an unpopular Republican candidate had taken office. It wouldn't have happened had the alternative, an unpopular Democratic candidate, taken office. So with these thoughts in mind, I don't think it is an acceptable situation. If this were a more traditional public company I'd like to believe professionalism would have been maintained. Do you feel that Map/Reduce or Tensorflow are somehow tools of some sort of convoluted leftist, rightist or centerist agenda? Do the communists have an ideological position on large scale cheap computing? Those technologies do not require Google to be politically active in any way. Saying they are inherently political is like saying a supermarket is inherently political. Might be true in some technical sense, but practically most people are happy to call it a public good. Finding out who owns the debt is harder. Figuring out who will be pulled in to help unwind the debt in a large-scale default scenario is well nigh impossible, because there seems to be a real risk of the losses being socalised to someone. Mentioning that the Cyprus bail-in [1] could happen anywhere makes me feel like a conspiricy theory; except it happened and there is no reason it couldn't happen elsewhere. $100,000 sounds like a lot until you do the figures on what a responsible person needs to save if they don't want to wear the risk of the social welfare system comes under sustained attack while they are trying to retire. That sort of possibility is ugly, but you'd be mad not to acknowledge it as a potential threat. I suppose the ultimate point is that when debt becomes unpayable, someone has to wear the losses of assets suddenly ceasing to exist. Anyone with meaningful savings is at risk in a big system-wide events because even if you understand the situation very well the rules can change in a crisis, making it very hard to control risk. The numbers are bigger now, wages aren't that much better, savings are as low as ever. If 2008 was bad, the next one could be worse in terms of wiping out wealth. Scary time to be facing retirement. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2012%E2%80%9313_Cypriot_financ... Well, the company might do something negligent and damage the employees stuff. Then the company might incur some liability. Or potentially someone could get injured through corporate negligence (eg, if there is a fire and the software engineer sleeping under the desk gets burned; power goes out for 12 hours and someone with a fridge gets food poisoning). Focusing on GP's comment specifically, if the government (local or higher) discovers that a premise is being used for habitation I imagine there are a whole bunch of rules that kick in that the company does not want to be involved with. It is much cheaper, easier and more internally consistent to mandate that all employees have a standardised work space. Then not only do you cut your risk profile, you also might find opportunities for efficiencies elsewhere. Compare personal risk profiles to a company. If I am a bit risk-prone maybe I tolerate a lifestyle where there is a 1 in 200 chance of a near-fatal accident each year each year (so I'm expecting to make it to old age with a near misses or two in life - I've met people who I judge to live to this level of risk). If you try that sort of approach with a company of 150 employees, in a given year you now expect: 1) More likely than not to have a near fatal accident in the workspace 2) To be imprisoned or have your business ended by the government for being a menace to your employees Corporations can't tolerate risk at anywhere near the level individuals do; because they have to scale everything up to their entire workforce. No, I've been tangentially involved in this sort of decision from the management side in Serious Industry. The break room fridge is "known to the corporation" in some sense and can be assigned an inspection or even maintenance schedule if you have the expertise. Has more eyes on it for trouble in any case. We had problems with people bringing knives in to de-core their apples. Every year there'd a nasty hand injury or two, and we were under pressure from upper management to keep our injury statistics low. Since hand injuries were one of our major problems; knife ban! :D It was as effective as it was unpopular. He could have used a few more words, but it isn't necessarily a strawman argument. We have a ( EDIT - silly me he's not dead) nearly dead body, so a crime has clearly been committed. We have in the courts a sophisticated process for determining whodunnit and what they done with a high standard of evidence. Given that the people accused of undertaking the killing are foreign state actors, that process is unlikely to be taken to conclusion. The situation is political, and the people who are publicising the information are closely involved with people who are hired to be _professionally untrustworthy_. We don't have any evidence, and should judge the situation by what the response is. If it is understated and a censure of the Russians, the UK secret service are probably being truthful. If it ties in to some real action (ie, is used as justification for something that wouldn't otherwise make sense) then the UK secret service were probably lying. It isn't like the Russians would have revealed any new intent or capability with this incident. This type of analysis is sorely lacking in the "which side are you on" comment. We should not lock in behind a western government doing something bad because they are pointing fingers at Russia. We've regretted doing that in the past - WMD and Saddam is a pretty cut and dried example (I have others, but they aren't as clear cut and a lot of people might not regret them). Interesting and related note; the link between energy and GDP has been steadily decoupling at a brisk pace since 1970 [1]. I might be mis-remembering, but I ran the numbers on this and I recall the trend being fairly steady up to about 1970. There are two ways to spin that; the first and usual way is that we've entered an enlightened new era of services and efficiency where we do not need energy to achieve desired outcomes. The negative spin is that from 1970 GDP growth ceased to be a strong indicator of real improvements. Maybe the difference is made up in embedded energy in imports; but the US population isn't behaving like a group experiencing exponential growth. Given the industrial base currently in existence, even 2% growth should be crazy improvements on quality of life. Like, for everything an ordinary person had 10 years ago they should have 1.2 things now. Instead the situation could be interpreted as a slow-burn voter revolt brewing against the establishment who run the country. Or I could be clueless. [1] https://www.eia.gov/todayinenergy/detail.php?id=10191 Obviously it is for Apple to decide who Apple's customers are. It is just really sad to have something that works so well for me that no longer exists. I won't buy a large phone, which in 2011 meant I could buy the best phone on the market and in 2018 means I'm facing a future with some phone that just doesn't match a 2011 iPhone in looks, style and maybe even functionality and objective quality. I'm sure they have great reasons, but it is very tempting to wave a fist in the sky and yell "why do they have to keep changing things?". The Apple ecosystem was great for me, and now I'm being forced out. It is like watching open source projects try to nuke themselves out of existence with the Big Trendy Rewrite; except Apple is wildly profitable and successful. Nobody controls who can vote for who in any functioning democracy. There are governments that are better than others at manifesting the will of the voters; I like the sound of Switzerland myself. Practically speaking, "voters" as a bloc aren't organised enough to excercise that so so you get effects where a party will develop a brand then endorse a candidate who is sufficiently aligned with that brand. This isn't some scheme foisted upon them, this is an implicit equilibrium that will be found in any democratic system. I've got long argument about why that happens that I don't want to type here, but it is hardly an undesirable outcome from the perspective of an ordinary citizen. There is an argument against systems where the mathematical equilibrium is 2 parties, but that in no way removes the responsibility of voters for outcomes. If they care, they should organise an alternative. Nothing stopping them except the fact that creating a large brand is hard. Assuming you are talking about America, I am not very familiar with the situation but a quick google ([1]) suggests there were ~1,800 candidates with something like 8 different options with notable representation. Also, afaik, everyone is welcome to join a political party and scrum with the best of them to get good nominees through. It isn't fast or easy, but America's political process tilts a little on the slow-and-steady side for things like that. Also note that being a democracy doesn't mean that scribbling on a bit of paper is the limit of what can be done. Voter apathy and the inherent complexity of running a 300 million person country remains the big problem. [1] https://ballotpedia.org/Presidential_election,_2016 So I used Sage a lot when I was an undergraduate, but now use anything else available because the Debian Archive never seems to have a working sagemath package (eg, I just typed "sagemath" into my terminal right now and got a crash on initilisation). Something seems a bit weird about that to me, because when I used it ~8 years ago Sage was great and none of the features I care about changed. Do can I get a meta-comment on why Sage might struggle to get packaged for Debian in the way that, eg, Octave/maxima/R/etc do? What makes Torvalds uniquely qualified is he is: 1) Technically capable of maintaining the kernel 2) Known to be mainly motivated by technical concerns If you role the dice with another governance structure, you might get one that is motivated by "collaboration" and then the integrity of the kernel might get compromised by corporate interests. We have no idea how the subsystem maintainers would deal with the politics of a situation without Linus calling shots. We know how Torvalds reacts; rudely :P. The choice isn't ever going to be Torvalds vs. Sunshine & Roses, the choice is Torvalds vs. Unknown. Because of that, he is practically (but not technically) unique. > In general, reexamine the linear no-threshold hypothesis, which is looking increasingly shaky. I reckon we'd all be surprised by how many people are killed by a lifetime of shaking hands under a linear no-threshold hypothesis applied to Newtonian force. I really don't understand how anyone can bring that model up seriously without adding in "and this highly unusual choice of model is justified by ...". It is an extraordinary claim in my book. There are disconnects in this argument though. 1) A slap on the wrist is highly energetic, and speaking from an understanding of basic materials physics it seems very likely that it damages cells, ligaments and bones. We just heal from it very easily because the damage is completely trivial. 2) Skin cancer can't be reasonable proxy. I live in Australia, and it is well-known here that skin cancer is frequently caused by sunlight. Now the dose of radiation you get from sunlight is huge. On a typical day, you are exposed to enough radiation that you can detect it as heat (ie, we associate heat with sunlight). I've only ever been exposed to enough artificial radiation to feel heat in dental X-Rays. The LNT model is going to be operating at much lower levels, because the theoretical damage is being done to people who cannot detect it. That link alone is surely going to overwhelm the effect of tiny doses of radiation and make it impossible to detect low-threshold increases. > "hide a land mine inside the law" This isn't a great idea and there are things wrong with it at a couple of levels. 1) We do not want the government to be in an adversarial relationship with rich people. Most rich people maintain their riches by adding tremendous value to society. While they may be reticent to pay taxes, they are not enemies. 2) We do not want the government rules-lawyering the law. I'll risk being opinionated and say that the law is not meant to contain random gotchas, it is supposed to codify usual and expected behaviour. The law is meant primarily to be followed, not broken and enforced. 3) As sibling posts mention, people who change jurisdiction to avoid taxes are going to get an actual legal opinion and have sufficient influence to get the law changed. It'd never work in practice. > "They say you can't cheat an honest man, but you sure can con a cheater." Reminds me of the three felonies a day business [1]. We want less of that thinking, there are enough problems caused by unclear regulations without adding more on purpose. [1] https://www.wsj.com/articles/SB10001424052748704471504574438... I'm going off the wiki page for thee commerce clause [1] here. The Supreme court interpreted "To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes." as including "apply[ing] national quotas to wheat grown on one's own land, for one's own consumption". This isn't a new observation unique to todays conversation (I'm sure it has been bought up from the establishment of a secret court) but you can't claim what you are claiming unless you happen to be a FISA court judge. We don't know what this court is doing. We don't decide what these words mean. The dictionary doesn't decide what these words mean. The judge decides what the words mean. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Commerce_Clause#Dormant_Commer... > that's explicitly what the law says The very large number of lawyers and justices are employed to argue extensively about the meaning and interpretation of the law. You are interpreting the law here. You cannot know if your interpretation aligns with FISC, because the proceedings are not public. By the way, while looking up names for this comment I came up with https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Foreign_Intelligence_Surveilla... . So it looks like the FISC court is doing exactly this by getting creative with what a "special-need" is. > The way in which mathematicians structure proofs has fallen behind the ways in which software engineers structure programs (which are isomorphic to proofs). If we accept that a software program is isomorphic to a proof, is there anything that isn't isomorphic with a proof? I can prove Pythogoras' theorem with a diagram, so by extension anything in the physical world is a manifestation of mathematical theory and, since it exists, is isomorphic with a trivial proof for something. scratches head I'm pretty sure I can come up with a codified language proof that you will accept, then define a mapping between the language and transformations of a diagram. And while not an expert on isomorphism, but I'm pretty sure that makes the visual proof isomorphic with the codified language and hence valid (and, indeed, computable). Basically, although code and proofs are in a sense isomorphic, I think everything and proofs are isomorpic in the same sense. So claiming that proofs should be structured to the same standards as code because code is isomorphic to proof is a bit of a non-sequitur. Why not show the layout of my rock garden is isomorphic to code and hence proving something (my rock garden can be Turing complete) and then claim my rock garden should be structured like a program? Basically, the idea that the structure mathematicians favour for proofs have fallen behind programmers laying out of code is not well substantiated and the idea that 'proofs are isomorphic to code' is not useful because it is far too broad. HN isn't biased, but it is an interesting example of collective hypocrisy without any individual changing their mind. Google is and always has been a privacy disaster waiting to happen, and we know lack of privacy and bad government are a potentially lethal (in the strictest and most literal sense!). Historically, there has been a strong pro-Google bias in the tech sector that ignores this, possibly because of all the cool technical work they do. Still exists in my opinion, I've talked to techies who don't seem to realise that Google is an advertising company. The current process is all the pro-technical-coolness people going quiet and all the pro-privacy people speaking up because Google has started to make poor decisions. 9/11 was tragic, but consider the damage caused by the response in the last 15 years [1]. The number of Afghani civilian deaths alone is an order of magnitude more destruction than 9/11 and it seems unlikely that even a plurality of them cared about America or really understood why they were dying. Assuming that nobody thought to mention this or take a deep breath and think while mobilising the army is only barely plausible to me. It seems much more likely that the absolute damage done was never an issue, and hence it isn't a powerful comparison. There are so many things worse than 9/11, including even _the immediate response to_ 9/11, that the raw damage just isn't important. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/War_in_Afghanistan_(2001%E2%80... Realistically the left/right spectrum is orthogonal to the authoritarian/libertarian spectrum. Classic liberalism is, I think, more aligned with the right but also profoundly anti-authoritarian. Similarly, the left has a proud tradition of supporting individual liberty but also a strong tradition of suppressing it in favour of collective power. Corporations of all stripes tend towards authoritarianism though, in my view. It is a natural structure when you have agents using someone else's capital. Well, it is nice to see someone going straight for the details. Do we have any context on why this ... short novel :) ... was written? I want to interpret this as a coinciding of two things; the first that the "Socratic Method" as described here would be a powerful method of creating and perpetuating a culture amongst law students trained at Harvard; where their opinions and beliefs are subjected to a very public examination and then reshaped to be what the professors think they should be. Not a terrible idea, that seems like a valid interpretation of what teaching should be, with many warts as noted. And the second is the philosophy that gets mentioned a few times in the article that there are topics that are “too hot to handle” that might "injure" a student. Part of the fringe push to redefine "injury" to mean hearing something unpleasant or disagreeable. So my assumption is that the author sees a crisis approaching the law school where it must take a stand on what its objective is - preserving a culture, relaying uncontroversial material to students, or some other path. And then this pdf is balanced factual synthesis of the issues at hand - I'm not sure the author is even proffering a conclusion. If that assumption holds then there are some points raised here that could have profound influences in 10 or 20 years. Law students eventually become lawyers then judges, and unfortunately the US political class seems to be sourced heavily from the lawyers (~40% of Congress, I think). If confrontation is de-emphasised in the classroom, that could have spillovers into the heart of how political debate and distribution of justice is undertaken. But I don't know enough about "Jeannie Suk Gersen" or why she wrote this to form a strong opinion on the topic apart from wishing lawyers were trained to write reports. For reference, the first link in that discussion is dead and I couldn't locate the paper with a cursory search. However, there is a good, clear demo of the spring experiment at https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ekd2MeDBV8s Because the bias isn't as obvious. If one of the media majors is pushing for something political that is known and sorta expected. Anyone who cares knows that your choice of media source is potentially politically motivated. When I browse through a blog post that speaks positively of a product, I know there is a pretty decent (double-digit percentages) chance that it is a well disguised paid ad. I can at least try to factor that in to my decision making. Now with Google there is very much an assumption that they have an algorithm that applies some linear or non-linear math and comes up with a rating, sans some by-hand filtering for pornography and some other stuff that should be non-controversial to 80% of the population. If that assumption is wrong, government absolutely has a role to step in and expose that. A usual TOS relationship with a utility isn't politically charged. The important line that is being crossed here is that you can get banned from Twitter/Facebook/Google/whomever for saying something that is not illegal but is in the opinion of the company objectionable. No utility has the power to disconnect me if I do something they think is objectionable with their service. And that goes to the heart of what people seem to want from "regulating as a utility" (a phrase that is terrifying in its vagueness) - they want freedom to voice unpopular opinions and let those who agree, agree. I have no idea what Jones was doing, not being an InfoWars viewer or following the story closely. But, I feel under no threat of being disconnected by my water provider because /they think/ that I am harassing someone. For Jones in particular, I believe the appropriate channels of response are for the person being harassed to: (1) Sue him (2) Respond clearly. The tech majors, who have mounting leaked evidence that their management is politically active in the workplace, should not be arbitrating what a publisher does. If they do, then they are publishers themselves, in which case they should be regulated differently and their status as publishers made very public. A lot of advertising is either raising awareness that a product category exists at all, or comforting potential buyers that people won't laugh at them if they buy a thing and it turns out to be a bad idea. Consider the iPhone advertising campaign back in '07, modern smartphones would have taken another decade to take hold if Apple hadn't done such a masterful job telling people that a new category was being born. Sometimes people will advocate 'doing your own research'. That is at odds with the fact that most people are incapable (not just disinterested in, but incapable) of evaluating all the decisions they make daily basis. Research the decisions you understand, copy someone else for the rest is the best strategy. In that environment, even a good product needs some exposure to raise awareness that it exists. The game is more complicated than advertisers hypnotising an otherwise unwilling public. (preface: I'm not an American, I'm just interested!) The language used to talk about economics is so technical that any talk about what is or isn't still believed is practically unknowable. I'd accept that there is a consensus on "it is obvious what the problem was when Lehman went bust", and simultaneously that there is no consensus on "what was the problem was when Lehman went bust". This article talks in general and specific terms about the regulatory framework. Seems reasonable. But in this age of fractured politics (where no blow is too low) an opinion piece is either preaching to the choir or being completely ignored. Macroeconomics has a major theme - how to divide the economic pie up in a manner that encourages people to contribute to said pie. I'd rather know who is still talking seriously about the growing and contributing part of that theme and whether they are currently in charge or currently not in charge of the financial system. Modern economic management is really focused around debt (c.f. how the money supply is enlarged and how quickly that happens in the US). After 2008, it isn't obvious whether the debt-based approach is growing the pie as there seem to be a real indicators that are not promising. I suspect that debt is simply moving pieces of the pie around. But intead of establishing these broad and general strokes of the picture people do love to dive into the detail of regulation where they are going to make mistakes, be wrong and get defensive about points that ultimately do not matter. > Economies are debt based since the invention of debt basically. Debt-basedness is not the problem. It may not be the problem but it is a good stating point. The degree of indebtedness is important. > Inflation is low despite huge QE programs. My understanding is that inflation is measured as a consumer-goods-only effect and that the QE programs gave vast sums of money to people who used it to buy assets (kind of a tautology that, because obviously it didn't end up flowing into consumer goods). The fact that it didn't show up in the inflation statistics is a good start, but why is that the only way it can cause problems? It looks like the government picking winners and losers, and governments have a terrible track record of making those decisions. A slippery slope argument seems really justified here as this legislation applies to boards that are quite small in size. If women need this special advantage, we only have to find a few other deserving minorities (race, religion and age seem like reasonable choices) before it is illegal to use merit as the first criteria for making up a corporate board. There is also a real concern with regulation like this is that the current climate of discussion is such that the negative effects are difficult to discuss in civil society. I wouldn't be surprised if most of the people who object to this are sexists. EDITED because I'd interpreted the article wrong The biggest problem going from PHP to Assembly is going to be the jump from presumably-web-pages to presumably-hardware programming. The mechanics of the language will be a very minor speed hump compared to changing problem domains. You can signal for that with specific programming languages, but realistically a hiring manager should be most interested in finding someone who understands the core concepts of the problems at hand rather than any specific language. If solving a problem implies directly accessing a CPU register then realistically that part of the problem is going to get solved using Assembly. If twiddling bits on the CPU isn't needed then other languages will just be faster to move from nothing -> problem solved -> solution in maintenance mode so Assembly should be avoided. This decision doesn't really hinge on the programmers preferences. kwxza is correct. Obviously I'm not using the word according to its dictionary definition, but I'm in good company using it to mean "not in the best interests of females". In practice, the meaning of the word is being broadened by activists. The issue with this logic is that the AI is being held to a subtly higher standard than a human. Consider this - how do _you_ know that there is a next trainer if it is off screen? I'd guarantee you didn't figure that out from the context of the game, because then you'd have the same problem as the AI - it isn't data that is provided in the game. > Because I can read and understand a context of a video game, a map, vision, etc. Did you spontaneously figure out how to read? I put it to you that you didn't, and that you were taught how to by someone else. I'd also put that the entire concept of interaction has to be a learned thing in practice, because realistically nobody learns how it works without interacting with someone else who is already reasonably knowledgeable. Now obviously that AI can't read because we don't have a good way of telling it how to map glyphs to concepts that it understands. However, to call the glyph->concept mapping the core challenge of a Pokemon game is clearly silly. The concept of there being something off the edge of the map on screen isn't something you are figuring out from the game either, it is just an assumption from knowledge that the real world is larger than what you can see. Similarly, that is obviously not an important aspect of the game - it is assumed knowledge. The challenge of the game is to navigate and explore a simple world, figuring out which order of actions to take. Short-circuiting the knowledge acquired through reading and the priors about how a world behaves is completely fair when saying that an artificial intelligence has been developed and can beat the game. A human player is expected to already know how to do that too. It hasn't crossed a threshold into being a big deal, but singling out an individual does look like bullying and bullying isn't funny. Jeff Bezos has to respect the law or face a series of consequences up to imprisonment. We all know he is going to respect the law like we all do. It is mean spirited to write a (potential) law that disrespects him directly. He can't really respond to that. Sanders should have stuck to calling him names in a speech, or informally calling it the Bezos' Act. That is just discussion and fair game. This type of formal embedding is unpleasant at a deeper level to no-one's benefit. We can do without that in politics, thankyouverymuch. Honestly it is a bit of a stretch to call that a bad outcome for anyone. It seems pretty obvious that in this example there will be a lot of benefit to society in a generation or two. The preservation benefits of the local wildlife alone sound like a win. The tax deduction seems pretty reasonable for giving up control of a large chunk of land. On the one hand, maybe our hypothetical wealthy person get special access. On the other hand, they have given up the right to change their mind and have the land logged and then strip-mined. The giving-up-of-an-economic-resource aspect is significant enough that a reasonable government could compensate the individual for it, the long term benefits seem to be present and our wealthy friend has committed himself to a course of action. Two points, one going to your question and one is of general interest. Buying existing shares is "capital allocation" with respect to the _buyer's capital_. So I might allocate 20% of my capital (ie, gross financial worth) to being in shares of some company. The seller is allocating their capital somewhere other than the share. So you allocate your capital to GOOG, pay Larry and notify Alphabet that you are one of their capitalist overlords. If the price of Alphabet stock goes up, you now have more capital even though if you do a quick count you'll discover you have no new currency/cash. The reason this is important is that the people with a good ability to allocate capital will end up with more capital hence control. Eventually, the people in charge will be the people with a good grasp of what is changing (which I'll claim is desirable with no support). For general interest, I've no insight into the intricacies of the US system, but in Australia every so often a company creates and sells new shares directly on the market. The upshot of this is a company can access the market directly for capital. I haven't read Mine Kampf and I don't like Nazis or Socialism for that matter. But are you certain that every single chapter of that book is 100% genocidal rubbish? Because I'm guessing that out of the ~15 or so chapters there is probably one that is palatable. The German's didn't go in to WWII because they were just terrible people. They had a very long list of quite justifiable grievances after WWI. If they hadn't been proud supporters of eugenics they'd be just another entry in a long list of bloodthirsty European states. EDIT So here is a selected paragraph (from 3 random candidates) from said text. It isn't exactly anti-factual. "Thus, from a certain vanity, which is always a cousin of stupidity, the great mass of politicians will keep far removed from all really weighty plans for the future, in order not to lose the momentary sympathy of the great mob. The success and significance of such a politician lie then exclusively in the present, and do not exist for posterity. But small minds are little troubled by this; they are content." The claim is that a journal published a rewritten chapter of Mein Kampf and that journal is therefore bad. I don't think that is a reasonable argument. It depends on what the chapter was talking about. If it made a big point about Jewish conspiracies and keeping the American people ethnically pure then that is a problem. If it was 1,000 words complaining about vision-less politicians then what is the issue? Point 1 is highly debatable. I've many times been given good advice I don't want to hear, and given good advice that others don't want to hear. The pattern I've seen in myself and others is about 24 hours of grumpiness verging on sulking, then take the feedback on board and do things differently. If anything, I've been surprised by how receptive others are to my advice, especially considering their pushback in the 5-10 minutes where it is being given. And the same in myself. Also point 3 is actually somewhat dangerous, particularly if you try and apply it to your family. It is a divisive mindset. What you are saying doesn't apply generally. Are you thinking in a specific context? Without advertising, the take up of new inventions (things like pressure cookers, microwaves, etc) would be significantly slower. There would be mass confusion about how to get access to uncommon services (legal, accounting and building for example). I wouldn't know what half of the companies out there did if they didn't run some advertising somewhere. I mean, say there is a company called Stratco. They might sell something I'd buy if I knew about it. How do you propose I figure that out if they don't advertise? I'm not about to research them to find out what it is they sell; there are too many companies out there doing random business->business services I don't want to know about. It is a very neat solution for them to figure out what I do for leisure, subsidise it and pay for an ad or few. As is sometimes said in management theory "it was a great measure until it was made a target". Wikipedia is a good reference for what is and isn't likely to be factually accurate, but if it is going to be _the_ standard then it will quickly be corrupted by people pushing a non-factual agenda. Also, Breitbart being loose with the facts isn't something that the social media platforms want to get involved in. If we count twitter as a publishing platform similar to Breitbart, twitter will spread much more misinformation (arguably in a more damaging way, flash mobs are scarier than anything a print media style organisation can do). You may as well prefix every single tweet with "Wikipedia doesn't accept this tweet as a valid source". Git would still be decentralised if it used SQL. SQL would be a language that the git clients would communicate in - git's model would still hold. What makes git decentralised is you copy the entire codebase and then git doesn't treat the original as any more valid than your copy. There are some interesting applications of blockchain in the examples you mention, but they are very case specific. For example, there would be resistance to creating a financial asset where trades can't be rolled back, for example (from governments and probably a number of traders). Legal firms might _like_ being able to destroy documents without leaving a permanent record. With source code we generally have highly trusted groups who are ideal central authorities (eg, I'm only going to get my kernel sources from kernel.org). If anyone knows what I'm trying to say and can put it in clearer words that'd be lovely, I think I'm missing an important linking idea here. Anyway... Imagine there are two paths from A to B (the left and right path). 100 people walk from A to B. Half take the left and half the right, and none of them have any information not in this paragraph. There are wolves on the left path. Everyone who travels it gets eaten. Now, at B, we have 50 people. They all chose the right path voluntarily, they all made a choice. None of them knew about the wolves though. How do we catagorise this situation in term of having and not having made a "real" choice? I argue that in practice, whatever the people were thinking when they chose B was irrelevant, because they didn't know the thing that actually mattered and they didn't have a proxy variable for it. With that setup, I'd argue companies that "help collect a number of people with similar goals rather than to solely make a profit" are a lot like my right path, in that the people may not have been focused on maximising profits, but if they didn't achieve them they wouldn't have lasted long. By evolution, there will be a decided drift towards companies maximising profits even if all the individuals actually making the choices think they are doing something real (or I suppose, the converse where they think that their job is meaningless). There is another point in a very similar vein - maybe a decade ago, Firefox was one of the jewels of open source. An example of how a group of volunteers could come together and assemble great software without hiding the source code and going for a quick buck. Whatever Mozilla sees themselves as today, this language is clearly different from that original vision. Meritocracy is closely aligned to technical outcomes in a way that diversity and inclusiveness are not. What I mean is, if your meritocracy fails to produce good software, obviously it is broken. If your ... inclusivocracy? ... fails to produce good software then it doesn't mean anything. Obviously this language doesn't preclude the technical, but the focus has clearly shifted in the intervening years. > But unlike the prophecies of talking cartoon bears, all this money didn’t drive inflation through the roof and crash the stock market. It doesn’t seem to have really gone…anywhere. This essay is obviously backed by a lot of thought, but this specific conclusion is a bit glib. Talking of things which are exponential, 2 trillion dollars is a few magnitudes bigger than 2 million dollars. That is more than the annual GDP of most countries. The banks havn't lost that money under the couch cushions, they will be using it to their advantage. If it is to their best advantage to have it in excess reserves, that probably means something complicated is happening that is letting them make out like bandits. If they aren't using it to influence the wider economy, we really need to ask what exactly they are doing with it. It is an extraordinary claim that it "doesn't seem to have gone anywhere", implying that somehow it isn't doing something. :D Hey OP. I didn't put it in my comment because I have no evidence, but my first guess was that the cost-disease-funded-by-debt was exactly caused by those 2 trillion. My instinct is as follows: * The reserves for fractional reserve banking are excess reserves at the Fed + other reserves. * Fed is safer than other, so large portions of the banks reserves sit with the fed. * New money is created by the banks as loans. * The excess reserves allow massive lending (the multiplier was something like 20x if I recall). * Banks now have an income stream & massive cash reserves. Actors willing to take on debt push any capitalists smaller than a bank out of capital markets. Basically, I assume these "excess" reserves are misleadingly labeled and are actually in use relative to the fractional reserve system. That is obviously a complicated guess with no evidence, and you look like you've put more effort into research than me, but it fails the sniff test that 2 trillion exists and is having literally no impact. I bet it is and it is just complicated enough that it is hard to pin down. Do you have some information not present in the article? There seem to be some assumptions on the training process in your comment that are not sourced in the article. I'll don my flack jacket for this one, but based on population statistics I believe a statistically significant number of women have children. A plausible hypothesis is that a typical female candidate is at a 9 month disadvantage against male employees and that that is a statistically significant effect detected by this Amazon tool. Now, the article says that the results of the tool were 'nearly random', so that probably wasn't the issue. But just because the result of a machine learning process is biased does not indicate that the teacher is biased. It indicates that the data is biased, and bias always has a chance to be linked to real-world phenomenon. Ah. Sorry, silly me. A quick search suggests 20 weeks, so ~4.5 months. Obviously I don't have much specific insight, so maybe there is a culture where they don't use leave entitlements. But if there are indicators that identify a sub-population taking a potentially 20 week contiguous break it is entirely plausible that it would turn up as a statistically significant effect in an objective performance measure. All else being equal, then a machine learning model could pick up on that. The point isn't that it is the be-all and end all, just that the model might be picking up on something real. There are actual differences in the physical world. "Socially liberal folk" Bit of a can of worms with that one - what does socially liberal mean? The Australian Liberals are reasonably socially liberal, they just think the current status quo is pretty good and there is no need to change that. Anyway... There are big trans-national political umbrellas, the Australian Liberals are aligned with the IDU like the US Republicans ( https://www.idu.org ) and the Australian Labor Party are aligned with he Progressive Alliance like the US Democrats ( http://progressive-alliance.info/en/ ). Pah, the Australian Labour have historically been associated with religiously conservative Catholics. Religion isn't a party thing. Neither is hawkishness, both our parties will fall into line behind the Americans when they want troops somewhere. Pro-monarchy is meaningless, that is complete symbolism, and Turnbull led the party despite having actively campaigned to move to a republic. And the liberal government just passed a massive great bill legalising gay marriage, literally last year. If that is anti-gay, it'd be interesting to see what utopia you have in mind for our homosexual friends. Just because they aren't beating people over the head with progressive values doesn't mean they aren't social liberals. Liberal has a specific meaning where you leave people alone to do whatever it is they do. PS Just for fun, 5 electorates that had some of the highest No votes for the gay marriage plebiscite were safe Labor seats clustered in Western Sydney - https://www.bbc.com/news/world-australia-42006450 - which shows the lack of true "liberalism" in parts of the Labor party base. > "Find people who hold the most influence, typically those who sit at the center of a social network" This is an assumption - and I'd be interested to see what gets found when it is tested. Influencers are critical, but are they detectable in the degree of a social network graph? I know a couple of people whos opinions would cause me to change my actions. I don't know if I'm friends with them on a social network, which I mainly use to keep in contact with close friends. The highly connected nodes in a social network could very easily be people who are the social equivalent of town criers rather than the social equivalent of the town mayor, or local matriarch/patriarch, who wield actual social power and validate or invalidate "what everyone knows". In that case, seeding them preferentially isn't all that different from seeding random people. Societies can do an exceptional job of hiding who actually has final say on what are and are not the valid opinions. They are not the people who talk the loudest, or most frequently. Our understanding of gravity might be completely wrong. If 85% of the gravity is unexplainable that seems like a pretty safe bet. Maybe it just behaves very differently at galactic scale. Much like the aether, it seemed most likely that light traveled through a medium until it turned out that it probably doesn't. I can't speak for anyone else, but when I use "best society" it is code for the following argument that gets as long and involved as there is time to explain: Human instincts and morals are really well calibrated to small-village life. I take things like the Dunbar number [1] to indicate that we are optimised for a small circle of close relationships. "Fairness" has a sister in "equality" that is very powerful force on the local scale and scales horribly, to the point where equality being scaled up is usually a warning sign of an incoming economic breakdown where everyone starves. Unfortunately, people keep trying to scale equality up because they want it in their local relationships. Talking about "permanent power disparities" touches on the same vein of thinking - we know that permanent power disparities are an inevitable feature of society. The attempts to set up societies where there are no permanent power disparities have resulted in permanent power disparities forming, and frequently going to very nasty despots. Modern western civilisation has done _extremely_ well compared to the competition by dangling systemic advantage as the reward for massively improving the industrial base and consumer access to resources. This has worked a lot better than attempts to suppress inequality under, eg, the communist systems. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dunbar%27s_number I don't see it mentioned on wikipedia, but one tin-pot theory I heard once and quite liked was: * The universe at the moment is on average large, cold and quite hostile to life. * At some point in the past all the energy in the universe was concentrated roughly at one point * So, in between, the universe was a soup of energy that would have been, on average, warm, comfortable and conducive to life. It dovetails with this because it is a plausible "why would life have evolved somewhere else but not here" counterargument. I wouldn't buy it though, it seems likely to me that earth's life is a local phenomenon. > Why do you think this hypothesis is simpler than the existence of matter we haven’t detected yet? Scientifically speaking, if you can't detect 85% of something that you think is there, then you have to admit to the possibility that it does not exist. For example, the original article has this poorly-phrased sentence - "Not finding dark matter in an experiment is not evidence that dark matter doesn’t exist". Clearly the writer does not literally mean what they wrote, because not finding something in an experiment _is_ evidence it does not exist. It is pretty obvious something is going on, we have lots of highly suggestive data. As you point out there are lots of extremely plausible explanations. But until we have some direct evidence, then we are in a situation where there is no direct evidence that it exists. Therefore, it might not. That remains a very simple explanation. As I was alluding to when comparing this situation to the aether, and as other commenters have pointed out, working on the question of what light was turned out to break time. Same thing might happen with gravity. Everyone is different, but I'd hazard that books and games tickle different needs. Books are most commonly about transmitting information; particularly in the form "if you encounter this hardship, adopt that mindset". Games are mostly about "verify that your decision making process is robust". Nobody is forcing writers and gamemakers to conform to my worldviews, but there is a trend in those directions with exceptions. If somebody made a game that really explored on "how should you think about horrible situation X" that was gloomy all the way through people would probably enjoy it. But if you have a skill-based game that breaks the success->reward feedback loop for executing a skill well, all the players will quit. I'd prefer to see a bit more of a break up at the low-end of the scale. > "18 experienced unwanted sexual overtures or sexual badgering" Badgering is beyond the pale, "unwanted sexual overtures" are unwelcome but I don't see how they are ever going away; if men don't make a first sexual overture there aren't going to be a lot of men who end up having sex. Some of those overtures are going to be unwanted, but the men basically have to try to find out. Things like Tinder where you can filter for "interested only" are pretty much a new phenomenon and havn't really had time to influence the culture of anyone aged over 30. Anyway, I'd like to know how persistent these "unwanted sexual overture" is before it is reported in the survey as harassment. Minor point in a larger picture. > Do you understand how repugnant you sound implying that some men need to use businesswomen as captive audience for their sex drives or they won't get sex? No, I'm implying there is a very high background rate of men asking women for sex, and I havn't compared this instance to the background but I assume women get propositioned at a very high rate _wherever_ they are. > Let me remind you that a work setting is nothing like Tinder, nothing like a bar, nothing like any place where trying to get laid is considered OK. My parents met in the workplace. I have a friends who have too. I havn't looked up the statistics but I assume it is double-digit percentages of marriages start as workplace relations. It is unfortunate if you think that isn't acceptable, because it clearly is. > You wouldn't ask someone if they wanted to shag at a funeral, would you? I wouldn't, but I don't see why it would be unacceptable. There are a lot of people at funerals who are't particularly committed to grieving but making a statement of social support, and they'd just be there doing what they do at any social event. > Why defend it? Because "unwelcome sexual advances" is a spectrum from acceptable to unacceptable. The acceptable part of that spectrum is very small (being a guy awkwardly asks a girl for sex, she says no, and that is the end if it) and the unacceptable part is very large (fondling, using pressure from corporate power, etc). However, despite the fact it is small, the acceptable part of that spectrum is important to protect because there are a lot of men who are not very socially adept, but want to have sexual relation with women and don't know many outside the workplace. They should be able to seek out relationships in their comfort zone without risk of formal censure. I assume there are a lot of women in a similar position. In this particular instance "unwanted sexual overtures or sexual badgering" is probably more of the badgering end that we don't want, but the language here is important - there needs to be /some/ tolerance of unwanted sexual overtures that do not lead to badgering. Being awkward, being wrong and misunderstanding a situation isn't a punishable offense. Being persistent, using threats or getting physical is. And so I'd like to see a little more clarity on what the low-end standard being used here is. It is important to the conversation. In a minor way. This would have been a really good piece of work if an editor had trimmed out everything before "let’s examine its argument". Putting words into Larry Page's mouth is in lousy taste. It isn't satire and isn't a form that adds anything honest to the article. But past that it was a pretty reasonable argument. Pruning out the par-for-the-course of accusations that Damore really meant something other than what he actually wrote it made for an interesting and constructive read. Something like Sesame Street might be good. My problem with YouTube is it creates feedback loops where if you like something you seek out more of it, but with a near infinite range of topics. Throw an underdeveloped mind in there who is using basic stimulus to work out what is good and bad and who knows what will happen. Wouldn't surprise me if that feedback loop was damaging even for many adults, but at least they are responsible and already have some grasp of how the world should work. Also on this point, we know the large silent majority is made up mostly of moderates who want to live in a civilised democratic country where the government either leaves everyone alone or have a mass benevolent impact. As long as attacks don't scale it seems safe to assume corruption will be localised and the integrity of the system will hold. The risk is that IT is used to centralise democracy to bring down costs, then becomes compromised in an unrelated attack. 100% agree, and I'd like to draw out a thread that is highly relevant to the original title. Most damage is done by large groups of people who want simple solutions to complex situations (like, eg, characterising a debate as having precisely two well defined sides). There are some situations in life that are genuinely complicated (eg, running the logistic system that gets food from farms to houses). I think it might be flat-out impossible to communicate a complicated solution to a large crowd. The best I've ever seen a large crowd do is pick someone who looks like they might be able to tackle the problem and then the collective accepts whatever they get - good or bad. Realistically, people piping up with some variant of "this simple solution will fix the problem", on topics where they have no actual skin in the game, are the problem. They undermine complicated efforts to resolve situations. Moderation, balance, compromise and attempting to deal with the complexity forthrightly come together to give much better results than using silver bullets. Is there some legal issue at play here that the article isn't drawing attention to? Why is it a better idea to leave a property vacant than to have a short-term tenant? I've been reading a book on the philosophy of statistics, and what is interesting is that the statistical community has been, historically, completely divided on that question. The only thing they agree on is the equations. Once you ask the question of "and what situation are we facing in the real world" consensus starts to break down. Interestingly, the core of probability - the "Random Variable" is almost completely unobservable in the world of science. Everything in classical mechanics turned out to be deterministic. The parts that were grappled with statistics were probably not random effects, but unpredictable deterministic effects. For example, the measurement errors could be treated as random variables, but ultimately were not expected to be random in cause. Compare this to geometry and algebra, where I would argue it is easier to find a 'real' example right from the get go. Opinions, obviously, vary. Statistical Thought - A Perspective and History (Shoutir Chatterjee). I'm really enjoying it, quite approachable at an undergraduate level of mathematics. Yeah, but there is an important subtlety. Quantum mechanics has a bunch of things that can be /modeled extremely well/ by random variables. But it might still turn out that that they are deterministic in some complicated way. Then we would be back in a universe where we have an extremely useful concept in the humble random variable, and no examples of anything that is fundamentally random. If I start with a random variable, I couldn't reasonably approximate it with a real phenomenon, because the phenomenon would be deterministic. Compare that to a line - I can define a line between the center of mass of my two hands. We can quibble all day about whether that is a well defined definition (I suppose it isn't), but if I wanted to approximate a real line with two points in space I could. I contend this is an interesting an important difference between subjects like geometry and subjects like statistics. The underpinnings of statistic are _extremely_ philosophical. > It doesn’t matter. Literally nobody can afford climate failure. That is a sweeping overgeneralisation and literally false. There are going to be large communities of people who will suffer more from giving up cars than from climate change. Maybe you don't have an poor people living in your part of the world, but wishing a peasant lifestyle on the poor because you don't want to engage with their problems is neither constructive nor pleasant. What people can afford does matter, and it is worth considering how much the poor are being asked to give up versus how much we expect their sacrifice to help. Taking a step back, the idea that learning is about fast data transfer is probably not going to hold up to scrutiny at all. Learning needs to be data transfer at the speed with which your brain learns, which isn't going to be as fast as it can process data through an existing conception of the world. By the metrics, the most generous person in the world is Bill Gates who has given away something approaching 30 billion dollars. Maybe there is an argument that he isn't materialistic, but I think the evidence is against that. I suspect they are misusing "materialist" in this context and they meant "selfish". The link is selfishness causes materialism, not materialism causes selfishness. Curses, he's working to eradicate polio without suffering personally for it? This has always been the argument in favour of things like materialist and capitalist philosophy - the outcomes are much better than the alternative. There are countless well-meaning individuals who have achieved nothing, because they give their wealth away early on, compared to this one convenient counterexample in Gates, who firstly made obscene wealth with tactics that were pretty shady in my opinion, certainly anti competitive, then did flat-out more good. If Gates were more relatively generous through his life, it is pretty plausible that he and a lot of poor people throughout in the world would be _worse off_. This is a strong argument against being relatively generous. The great irony is that elisp, as with most of the languages of its venerable era, is not very good at processing text. One of my emacs experiences is playing "escaping the regex" about once annually, where I need to use backslashes in a regex, but first have to escape an emacs string. I'm not very good at elisp, so this is what a basic begineer regex looks like to escape a ' in a shell (so, I want the bash command to go from ' to \'). The regex in emacs I came up with was: (replace-regexp-in-string "'" "'\\\\''" $) Now maybe there is some sort of shortcut for passing a string straight to a regex that will make me look silly, but for a text editor with emacs' power and flexibility to make a regex look that hard bought a smile to my face. Thankyou Well, I suppose there are two ways to be 'good at processing text'. The first way is to quickly and efficiently let the user do what they want, which is how Python approaches the problem, eg, str[0:len(str)-1] + "'\''". I've only learned python in the last 12 months, and I need access to a lot less documentation than I need in elisp to write that. The second way is to have a model that is so strong that it is worth the user learning that model (this is a rarer approach, but is more common in the lisp families - Clojure, for example, does this with variables). If elisp has this, it would be a good idea for someone to mention that in the documentation, because I don't recall ever seeing anyone say "Wow! This elisp model of processing text is amazing! I've been doing it wrong my whole life!". I have seen variants of "which is not at all bad, but is very foreign". I don't know of a best language, but manipulating text strings is the foundation of most web serving. So I'd say that the popular languages for that (python, perl, php, etc) are quite a bit better than elisp at processing text. Obviously a functional democratic society will stomp a dictatorial one on pretty much any axis you care to think of. Having acknowledged that central point, we can't just say "dictators are bad". We can say "democracy is better", but there are instances where democracy doesn't work. For a realpolitic example, great powers have a long history of quietly corrupting and overthrowing democracies where their interests conflict with our interests. It might be that a country has their democratically elected government toppled by the CIA/Russian version of the CIA/Chinese version of the CIA and then ends up as a dictatorship. It is far too simplistic to then say "well, the dictator is at fault". Maybe the dictator isn't very nice, but there are political realities to attend to. > Reusing the previous example, the purpose of the GPL was to drive out proprietary software; yet the people using it in Linux do not yield it that way. That was an outcome that was hoped for, not a purpose. The purpose is pretty explicit in the preamble paragraphs [0] - to promote a certain style of freedom. As a body, the Free Software community wouldn't deny that if creating non-free software is legal, then free software can be used to achieve that goal. They have a more fundamental objection to the government creating and then enforcing the concept of copyright. The kernel community has been very aggressive about securing that freedom for themselves, particularly in arenas such as allowing non-free drivers into the kernel. They don't take a politically activist stance of lobbying to change the law, but they don't seem to deal with code that they can't legally modify themselves. The kernel community may well be cherry-picking from the GNU strategy, but the GPL is being used as intended - to promote and secure freedom for users. > What part of the actual text of the CoC prevents a meritocracy? The part where it sets out that the Technical Advisory Board (aka the TAB) will presumably remove people form the community who are in breach of the code of conduct, without language that exempts people who have a long history of positive technical contribution. Everything involves tradeoffs. Being a meritocracy means that individuals of technical merit are given leeway to fumble, or even potentially abuse, the status of their position. Good example is Hans Reiser - the case was rendered moot by him being imprisoned, but a meritocracy says "the code is good, let him keep contributing" and a non-meritocractic community would presumably say "we don't want to associate with murderers". Obviously nobody wants the to encourage bad behavior, but the question being asked is /how much/ slack do great technical contributors get if they happen to be, say, autistic and antisocial. Historically, the answer has been lots of slack. In future, the answer looks like it will be corporate-acceptable-behavior, which is a higher standard. Presumably if there is a group who thinks this change is needed it will be followed by a purge of the community where marginal maintainers are pushed out. [0] https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html I suppose you are arguing that meritocratic communities aren't the best setup for a community - which is a pretty reasonable one. I mean, the big successful countries aren't meritocracies, they are democracies. So fair enough. > Finally - if you allow abusive people to exist within a community, you by definition exclude everybody who they would abuse. You are going directly to how a meritocratic society might fail. Meritocratic communities can fail, but so can communities with any ideological underpinning. Sometimes you have a choice between someone who knows exactly what they are doing but has questionable behaviors vs. someone who doesn't know quite as much but is better behaved. A meritocracy gives power to the first person. We can have long conversations about whether that person should strive to improve themselves over time (pretty easy to answer that question), but change is slow and in the interim a choice has to be made. > I’m suggesting that your meritocracy doesn’t exist Nothing ideologically pure exists - technically there are no democracies in the world either, because, eg, places like the US dilute the will of the masses with the court system (which is not democratic). It is still a pretty democratic country. > if your organisation is structured to exclude people who may (and likely do) have contributions of merit, it is not a meritocracy Sure it is. That is like saying you can't have a democracy in Australia if people in Tanzania who aren't Australian citizens, because a a palce ruled-by-people is excluding people. It is reasonable to argue that excluding people who have great potential is a bad idea, which it is, but you can still have a meritocracy. > Then the question is simple - who do you exclude? People who abuse others, or the people they abuse? No, that isn't the question at all. The question is simple and it is "how do we support the people making the greatest technical contributions?". In an extreme case, that might mean putting up with some off-color characters who happen to be inspired technical experts. It isn't perfect. What is? But that is what meritocracies do. I had a long and fun argument with someone the last time the kernel came up on this exact subject. A very interesting observation is that in the extreme "meritocracy" 100% implies that people with merit should be excused for their bad behavior in public spaces based on the value of their technical contributions. Any political system comes with trade-offs. Meritocracies fundamentally excuse bad behavior, democracies fundamentally allow mob rule/bad decisions in haste, monarchies fundamentally ignore commoner's problems, bureaucracies are too risk averse and slow, etc, etc. If we rejected political systems that allow failings and excuses, we'd only have anarchy. To the topic at hand, the kernel folk don't seem to be particularly political, and obviously they don't want anyone behaving badly in their community, but one does suspect that there is a game of political football afoot that is not going to benefit the kernel. The kernel is a technical project - people who reject the idea of technical merit have a home in society, but that home isn't in the Linux Kernel community; it is a space where merit is meaningful. The kernel maintainers should first and foremost concerned about the technical quality of the kernel. Meritocracy means that a political system is organised so that the "meritorious" get power, where merit is based on performance. You are talking about getting rid of ranking, possibly the concept of merit. It isn't possible to have a meritocracy with no concept of merit, but that is much stronger than not being a meritocracy. For example, I could rank a team of 5 from A+ to F, then put cousin Ahmed in charge because he is a relation of mine. That would be a system that is not a meritocracy, because to be in charge a person would have to be related to me, but there is still a concept of merit. I would expect my cousin to then consider merit carefully as he divides up tasks. I'm going to throw out a plug for that mindset going beyond tutorials. It is a suspect proposition that anything is gained by turning 3 lines of code into one line of code. Unless it is javascript for the Google homepage or somesuch where the bytes matter. Moving code from a bad data model to a good one usually correlates with a big reduction in line count, but the gain is in choosing more appropriate data structures and not in the number of lines removed. Every reader of code, including the author after 3 months, is going to have to read and understand the code from scratch. One line doing a multidimensional transform of the data is going to scan for a small fraction of people. That one liner would take about 3 times as long to understand as any one line of the tutorial code. The data model hasn't changed either. If anything, I'd argue that the nature of the transform being done is clearer in 3 lines. Yep. Particularly with hardware makers that strategy has worked remarkably well. Nvidia is actually the only major hardware company I know of (other than Apple who sorta don't count) who doesn't have a good open source driver. That isn't an ideological position, just all the other majors seem to support linux as a first class citizen across all product categories. There is also a difference between data exchange (codecs, doc*, etc) and drivers. Intransigence by the kernel community regarding closed source code has resulted in Good Things in the driver space. We've never really found an effective countermeasure to bullets apart from avoiding people who want to shoot us. If someone develops what is essentially a bullet with 365-degree acceleration, I doubt there is going to be a better strategy than hoping that one is never fired at us. Anyone who says greenhouse gas concentrations are not going up is not operating in an evidence-based manner. That being said, the politicians might have been behaving sensibly. I've not been following it as closely as I used to, but there have been some data points suggesting solar/wind energy sources are now starting to cross key thresholds and become cheaper than the traditional fossil fuels. If that is so, the problem will solve itself without the politicians needing to step in and screw up the economy. > If we’ve somehow got an entire society that can play gymnastics with time in this way, and claim to wrap their head around it, I don’t think changing the calendar is really a huge ask. It wouldn't even be the first time. September, October, November and December are _clearly_ meant to be 7th, 8th, 9th and 10th month. I always thought that July & August were the interlopers, being named after Emperors, but I read somewhere that I was wrong. I share your frustration that there is a faction who seems to have dedicated their existence to making time as irregular as possible. Indeed. I hold a similar dual position and it is very easy to rationalise. Government controls the police and military, and so has the capability to threaten me in a way that pretty much nothing else does. I want the process of controlling the government to be transparent, difficult and controlled - hence voters should be identified on voting. I want the government's power to be controlled - hence I don't want them to have a database where they can quickly and easily match bits of my data up. There tension between those two positions is of little practical importance. I'm not worried that they can link my name and address, I'm worried about a sudden outbreak of majority-vs-miniority where someone I really don't like gets in to power and links, I dunno, tax records-name-address, racial-history-name-address , travel-history-bank-account-photo or somesuch. I don't think it is practically feasible to target someone off the information in a voter role. The real issue to me is that there isn't much organisation against governments laying the groundwork, and in practice opposing an ID card doesn't mean anything. In Australia we basically have all the infrastructure for a national ID card except the formalisation of a little piece of plastic. This article is missing a fairly important detail - the demands of the protesters. It is one thing to be unhappy with a situation, but given that the situation is now in the past - what exactly do they want to change going forward? The article is almost scrupulous in painting the walkout as out-of-control employees rather than the precursors of organised labour. That paragraph you quote from the article is extremely vague though, is that what the protesters have actually said? 'Greater employee oversight into product decisions' is particularly .. what is that? The employees have veto power by majority vote? An individual employee can delay the project for a 3 month review? The project team chooses their own manager? If they want a measurable change they need an articulation of what that change is that a corporate structure can handle. The boys and girls of Google are usually pretty clever, they 'll have figured that out. I don't like their chances either way, management will persist in making management decisions even if they need to fire people to do so, but having a walk out to raise awareness would be silly. Google has internal message boards and isn't that big a company - they can talk to people directly. Anything is possible. But there is a world of difference between an employee getting a lot of compensation and an employee who won't work on something the company thinks is important. This could be an existential challenge to the company's owners being in control. The reason employees don't get % share of the profits is literally because they don't control what the company does. If employees seriously can control what the company does, like turning down military projects for moral reasons or circumstances around making hiring/firing decisions, they become something like shareholders and the question becomes why aren't they exposed to the financial implications of their decisions in the same way shareholders are. Ie, why are they being paid a wage if not to have their decisions subsumed by a management structure? > they're divorced from evidence and calcified Democracies have never been about evidence, they are about making sure the "rulers" enjoy the support of the people and are strongly incentivised to listen to the concerns of said people. Democracies have a long and storied history of being arbitrary and unfair in defiance of evidence. In light of that, I'd suggest interpreting political opinions as "I think this person understands what my problems are". When I mentally add that to the end of a political rant usually the rant moves from incomprehensible railing against reality to something rational, but disagreeable. puts on grumpy C programmer hat C is C and C++ is C++. The analogy breaks down in a pretty major way because Latin has no native speakers, but important work is done in C. They didn't stop speaking Latin because it had problems as a language, they stopped because the cultural apparatus behind Latin collapsed after an exceptionally long period of dominance that Italian speakers never achieved. I'd like to believe C has a stronger future in the academic world because it is simpler than C++, but also because C is a designed language and C++ is a cobbled-together language, and maybe that counts for something in a field where people call themselves engineers. Anyone who sees C as a 'downgrade' has badly misunderstood what design means as an engineering concept. It doesn't mean 'does everything', it means that strategic choices were made early in the process after careful consideration. * Serious hat * C has a pretty well defended place in the world - it is an excellent choice for manipulating RAM and controlling the size of variables. C++ isn't as good, because its features add a lot of complexity that isn't really desirable when you have a problem that C can handle. I wouldn't use it for string parsing. Or GUIs except as an afterthought on a project that used C for a good reason. There are interesting questions about how bad this is compared to executive shenanigans in other major corporations. There are going to be men who just like money and power, but there are also going to be stereotypical men who seek out money and power to translate into creating sexual opportunity. Presumably Google is not going to have an unusually skewed executive either way. I'm on board with the idea that of all the ways to implement an anti-carbon system a trading system would be the best. It creates a real market. But calling businesses hypocrites is being unfair - there is already a hypothetical market for carbon emissions where the price is $0. The government is going to drive the price up to something high enough that it will change business behavior, by extension causing businesses losses. They aren't doing anything unreasonable, government steps in, value disappears. They're being completely reasonable by venting and asking for some sort of compensation. Asking for that compensation in the form of a subsidy is selfish, but once the government gets involved all bets are off, so why not aim for the stars and see what they can wrangle? I'm not up to speed with the latest and greatest of what java-script can do, but isn't the source code fundamentally user-visible? We always used to laugh at people who did website security with javascript, the whole idea was that security processing had to be done server-side. To paraphrase, the question was "why is this legal when we all know it won't work?" and the answer was "we aren't the people who write the laws". There is a pretty simple resolution to the Paradox of Tolerance - some philosophies can't build communities (eg, a powerful society of anarchists would be overwhelmed by the first organised internal faction to form). Tolerance is one such philosophy - as pointed out by Popper that means tolerating agents trying to undermine core values. My resolution is that people are experiencing cloudy thinking, and using the word 'tolerance' when they mean 'humility'. To have humility is to seriously admit that, while you are ejecting someone from your community, that you might possibly be wrong to do so. A positive community founded on humility would naturally lead to tolerance anyway, because intolerance starts in a firm belief in your own views of the world being correct. > has similar impacts and risks to the government imposing similar restrictions through the law We can't really compare them to the government until they have a standing army. That said, pure scale does matter. There will debate over whether powerful organisations are currently benign or hostile, but there is no doubt whatsoever that they are a mighty force. If Google or Facebook ever decides to seriously wake up politically, China's internet strategies will start looking very sensible. I don't agree with them either though. This paradox is caused by confusing numbers with reality. I have two major criticisms that the Wikipedia article does not list: 1) Firstly, the paradox assumes that maximising total output is an unmitigated good. This is clearly not so - imagine a world where everyone saved outrageously and pared down their lifestyle so much that we needed to move from a from 2 day standard weekend to a 3 day standard weekend. This would have "catastrophic" consequences economically because you lose 20% (1 day in 5) of your economic output, but now everyone has increased their leisure time by 50% (2 days to 3 days per weekend). This is not an objectively bad outcome . I mean, empirically most people don't choose it, but if most people did choose it is not like suffering increases. 2) Someone has defined it such that savings means spending on things that don't cause demand. I don't buy that, because to me "savings" would include, say, investing for retirement by building capital. Eg, maybe a massive great research and development lab for old-people-drugs. That is going to set me up for the future, so I call it savings, but if savings reduces output I assume to an economist it is classified as normal economic consumption. Stating the obvious - the average person must produce about as much as they consume over their lifetime or 'the system' will by definition collapse. I'm on board with what you say, but frugality is a pretty basic virtue and there are a lot of people who set themselves up for failure - there are people earning more than ~$80,000 who have good excuses for struggling financially, but they are rare. The fact that some people luck out in life and don't acknowledge it doesn't detract from the basic good sense of consistently investing in the future, and being realistic about whether your purchases are buying you more happiness than they lose you time through working. The core of the FIRE philosophy is to try and do all the production in one big up-front batch, and then benefit from any opportunities that come along. It is obviously easier for the upper middle class and harder for the lower working class. There isn't anything wrong with that though, as long as everyone acknowledges that saving isn't equally easy for everyone and it depends on their ability to contribute to the economy. That study might be the best available, but it isn't very convincing - they are analysing a large number of countries and it doesn't look like they gathered the data first hand. Are all the statistics using a consistent definition of human trafficking? I have no faith that data between different countries is comparable on this issue, especially when it was apparently gathered from other sources. That is the sort of approach that gets Sweden called a 'rape capital' [0]. It is an extreme claim that legalising something causes crime rates to increase. They advance a plausible idea for the mechanism, but it seems reasonable that they are picking up ghosts in the data rather than a real effect. Correlation and causation issues might also be at play somewhere, and the scope of the study is just too big to pick it up. If there is a secondary source on one country that talks about a before-and-after observed change that might be interesting. Basically, I'm not dismissing it out of hand, but it seems pretty reasonable that legalising drugs/prostitution/whatever automatically reduces crime and this study doesn't meet a reasonable bar of evidence. Maybe if it were combined with a good single-country study that highlighted the mechanism a bit more - but the uncertainties in the case study are enormous. The numbers cited in the report for Germany, for example, could be optimistically (optimistic to the point I feel disingenuous, but I don't think I'm saying anything statistically outrageous) spun to say that it is human trafficking may have declined from 19,740 (1996) to 12,350 (2003) with the legalising of prostitution +. [0] https://www.thelocal.se/20170221/why-sweden-is-not-the-rape-... + Footnote 38 notes that Germany changed their definition of human trafficking victims between 1996 an 2003 to include more people, although they don't think this accounted for the majority of the increase. Not a lot of comments here for the number of upvotes, but the trend of the comments strikes me as lopsidedly negative and I'd like to throw in something positive to the mix - Clojure needs more people publishing beginner friendly code even if it isn't using some specific function that does the same thing with less typing. So, y'know, I'm really glad we've got people out there who are documenting how they manage to get things to work under the new and generally unfamiliar paradigm of "practically functional". Especially since Clojure's Achilles heel is the combined double-whammy of its incoherent error messages and the learning curve for a beginner trying to pick up how to do common tasks in a world with 'no variables'. We have a programmer with >15 years experience, who is learning a new language and in the process producing code that is neat, functional (in the sense of no bugs) and not unreasonably verbose. Clojure is a language that is dense with clever ideas, it takes a lot longer than a few months to get good at using them if they are new. The terse comments throwing out improvements or making corrections seem a little harsh, I'd hoped to see people talking more about concepts than naming functions. GP might or might not, but that isn't relevant - presumably everyone on HN could already mount a decent argument in favour of net neutrality, even without reading the opinion of legal experts. Law is a highly technical field that is full of detail, nuance and far-reaching consequences. There is a good reason why legal opinions are usually long written documents - the issues are complex. Anyone who selects one sentence as a soundbite and holds it up as the thing itself is (in an inconsequential way) undermining the integrity of the legal system. Judges write opinions that are about the length they need to be to express their reasoning. To criticise the opinion, it is necessary to have separate evidence of the result of the ruling or to have read the opinion. Quoting one sentence of the opinion from an article is not sufficient. > Nicholas’s study concluded that having fewer children is the best way to reduce your contribution to climate change Environmentalism as a philosophy isn't all that coherent, and this suggestion in point 8 really encapsulates the heart of my problems with it. If we are saving the planet "for" someone else, who are they? If we are saving the planet for ourselves, do minor actions of deprivation make sense? The extreme logical extension of the philosophy in point 8 that isn't "if I care about the future, and if all life is equal, I should remove myself from the gene pool and build a society that doesn't value the environment". Taking a practical view that we want to preserve the world for, say, 3 generations into the future, answers like nuclear starting 30 years ago make a lot of sense. > Is teaching meaningless? I mean, why do it, when you're not going to be around when people you teach will run things. You might be underestimating how much personal benefit a selfish materialist can wring out of teaching people things. I, for example, love teaching people basically anything I know. To the point where I'm probably unhelpful. There have been numerous instances where there is a skill gap between me and someone else that I have closed and benefited greatly from closing. Usually this is in academic and workplace settings, but I suspect most parents would also see this dynamic. It also works socially when they return the favour and find some interesting idea for me in return at a later time. If they don't follow my advice, that is often even better for me in the medium-long term because it suggests my advice is bad and I get an opportunity to correct my mistakes and misconceptions. One of the most fortunate outcomes of the modern era is the more you want to maximise your own material success, the more advantage you can get from maximising the ability and resources available to those around you. I've been led to believe that a sample of most serious leadership groups will pick up an unusually high concentration of clever sociopaths - I suspect at least some of them will be excellent leaders because they figured this little factoid out. The scenario is extremely different from someone asking me to give up driving because someone else will hypothetically benefit. As an interesting anecdata, I gave up driving because of economic and safety concerns, which are far more convincing to me personally. > IRV result is worse than the plurality result Huh? There isn't a clear-cut way of determining the best voting system, so how were they compare the two? That matters quite a lot. There are situations where IRV get so complicated it is unpredictable, but living in Australia that does sometimes feel like a feature - if the polity expresses no strong consensus preference, random selection amongst candidates is not a bad idea. > Approval voting and range voting are ... strictly better Yeah, totally [0]. Approval voting looks like the one to use just in terms of doing what a voting system does. Any system that lets neutrals and moderates in occasionally is better than plurality. And plurality is streaks ahead of having no choice at all. [0] http://zesty.ca/voting/sim/ One of the reasons C is the way it is is that that way is the way the processor is. The abstraction isn't perfect, but it is decent enough for a first approximation. I'm guessing Fortran is similar. Imperitive languages of that era were used because they worked very closely with the actual actions of the CPU and gave a fine grained control over execution, allowing efficiencies. Since then, popular languages have all been improvements that take advantage of increased computing power to do interesting things. Sometimes new paradigms rear up - eg, Clojure with its set-and-forget approach to values. That paradigm is sold on the basis that it is easier to reason about, debug and as a practical bonus faster in many cases than the alternative. This is a great reason to learn a new paradigm. Prolog is an experiment, but has anyone found a domain for the paradigm of logic programming? I've used it, and I couldn't see any domain where it seemed to have an advantage. For AI in particular - the way the world is developing, it seems logic is a weak foundation for intelligence. At this point, given that we know humans do not use logic for their intelligence, it would be a little surprising if logic is the best way to approach that particular problem. In most domains, the error in your sensor overwhelms the existence of fact and the 'rules' are more what you'd call guidelines. If I rule out AI, what field is Prolog especially suited for? It doesn't read like it has a natural advantage in debugability (quite the reverse imo), GUIs, stream processing, efficiency, etc. With a lack of a killer domain, why not implement it as an afterthought library in C or lisp, and keep the imperative languages we have so much research in? Basically, the default state of Prolog is dead. It doesn't represent how humans want to think about programming, it doesn't represent how the computer implements programming and so if it doesn't have a domain where its paradigm is spot on perfect it isn't going to take hold. It is an interesting idea and might yet be useful, but someone will need to find a reason to justify it. So what are you thoughts on coastal cities? Should the government do something about them? My memory is every so often a major hurricane comes along and kills a bunch of people. The people who die probably didn't choose to put the city where it is. The risks are much higher than the nuclear industry. And some follow up questions, because I always vent on Nuclear (sorry, don't mean to take it out on you, the lack of evidence based policy on environmental issues just gets me every time): Is dying in a hurricane better than the health impacts of nuclear, which are many years delayed? Do you think that the evacuation from the region around Fukashima (deaths: 10s of people), which killed more people than the radiation (deaths: 0) is evidence that the standard of "were effected" is too high? Have you ever exposed yourself to so much solar radiation that you felt heat on your skin? Do you feel that this level of risk is remotely acceptable, given the number of deaths caused by skin cancer each year? _PS_ I've worked on a coal mine. Deaths mining coal is already a crazy low figure, Australian coal mines are probably safer than supermarkets by the statistics. I'd be shocked if erecting and maintaining solar panels and wind turbines is safer than nuclear. Roofs and spinning blades will kill people. But that exact conflict of interest exists in closed source support models too. It exists for any company that wants to sell a support service. And it relies on the supporters being small-minded enough that they'd rather have a 1% market in 100 people than a 0.01% market of 1,000,000. The incentive you identify only goes away if the software is a product with no support - and then businesses won't buy it, because there is no support. Telstra's major asset is a large copper telecommunications network. The government, as a matter of policy, is tearing that network up and replacing it with a publicly owned fiber network. This is not a great situation for Telstra, to say the least. This has been going on for a while, but a hazy memory suggests there have been shenanigans afoot regarding cash compensation for the damage done - that could cause all sorts of gyrations in the share price. At any rate, the market has become so political I wouldn't read too much in to Telstra's share price without having a detailed understanding of the situation. The board is not in control of the political process. > I personally want to work somewhere who values me as a responsible human being, and expects me to behave like one. Responsible human beings don't drink alcohol in the workplace. If a person is drawing a salary, they should be presenting to work fit & as prepared as possible to do it. There is no good reason for employees to be drinking at or prior to work. Unless, I suppose, there is some well-replicated study showing that alcohol in low doses increases cognitive function despite all my expectations. Management doesn't have a magic crystal ball to tell truth from falsehood and fact from hearsay - and because of that uncertainty firing people is a far last resort for creating a safe and welcoming workspace. Banning alcohol at work is both prudent and reasonable. > Telstra sold the copper network to NBN in 2014. Yeah, hence the big cash payout. 2014 is associated with the peak share price by 1-2 years, so they might have been given a big cash infusion, share price jumps, returned it to the shareholders slowly over a couple of years because they specialise in network maintenance which is no longer a competitive advantage. > They are still using it for FTTC, FTTN and FTTB which will make up the large bulk of the NBN rollout along with HFC which they acquired from Optus. My parents house was connected to the NBN, their copper landline was disconnected, as was everyone on their street (they had no choice in the matter). And FTTC, FTTN and FTTB all involve ripping a lot of copper out of the ground to be replaced by fiber. > You have a very narrow view of "the workplace". On the contrary, I have a very broad view of the workplace. Yes to all your questions. I don't work in tech, and there are no subsidised bars or alcohol at conferences. We got subsidised gym memberships and tea at the conferences I'm used to. If you want to drink, your money, your time, after work. If you want to get tipsy with colleagues in your own time, it is not in any way endorsed by the company. My personal guess is the tech industry _will_ eventually ban alcohol at all such things as the link between drinking, uninhibited men and sexual harassment is bought up again and again. The bad apples will spoil the whole barrel. > I propose that we ban coffee in the workplace because we should all be at 100% all the time and coffee obviously shows you aren't turning up ready to work. Well, I don't agree with you. But if you have evidence, sure. My understanding is coffee is a mild stimulant, so it should be linked to a very mild improvement in work performance - so I doubt you have evidence. People do turn up to work unprepared. We can't really stop that - maybe they just get a bad nights sleep. But alcohol is going to have a pretty strictly negative effect, so employees shouldn't be drinking it in company hours or before work. In addition, carparks in the US could be argued to be an ecological and sociological disaster. If you could somehow have cars without carparks (maybe the car folds up, I dunno), it would be one the biggest quality-of-life improvements in my lifetime. Probably about on par with the smartphone for me personally, probably a bigger improvement for people who are very poor. :P I don't understand why you are insisting that I have a narrow view of the workplace, I've read what you've written and agree. I can tell that your examples are after work, we're not talking about sitting at your desk. I'm talking about geographic-but-after-hours and related but off-site social events too. > a subsidized bar And if an employee does something stupid after being in that bar, it requires an absolute contortion of language to say that maybe the presence and cheapness of the grog wasn't a contributing factor. Say in a bad case a male employee sexually harasses some female coworker - the woman involved (and, I suspect, a judge) might well question why the company was enabling this. I personally think that the company should be held responsible as much as the drunk employee. It is simply too easy to link subsidised alcohol to someone acting inappropriately due to alcohol. > official conference social meet-up Ditto. If the meetup is official, there should be no alcohol. Learn to socialise over a lemonade. I've seen a very large number of professionals who, somehow, manage to do just that. > My coffee counterexample was to illustrate that your approach seems to be binary, zero tolerance. With humans involved, I think it's just not that simple. If I, in a capacity as an employer, am going to have some responsibility for some employees actions then that employee, whilst I am responsible for them, is not going to be drinking alcohol. There risk far outweighs the hypothetical employee who can only socialise with a glass in hand. I'm not even making that decision on any specific risk factor - alcohol leads to worse decisions, in a way that coffee does not. We live in an age where companies are often responsible for outcomes in a _very broad_ definition of "workplace". If the company might be responsible, then employees have a responsibility to be making their best decisions. If you want to drink with your workmates the process should be organise it unofficially, go find a bar and don't wear a hat with a corporate logo on it. It isn't hard to do. If drinking is mandatory to having a career then that is the problem, not my hardline approach to alcohol. That is a very low bar though, any country still functional enough to run a printing press can make coupon payments. The issue is, if someone lends the US enough money to buy a coffee, it is difficult to see why they believe they are guaranteed to get a coffee+ worth of money back. The numbers are staggering, the economic growth isn't there. The US has a technological edge and a big army, but at the end of the day it is 'just' a country like all the others. At this point, a reasonable observer could conclude that the political process is locked in to running up debt until the interest can no longer be paid. Neither the Republicans nor Democrats are in a position to improve the numbers. After the '07-'08 era crisis, it seems a legitimate question to ask why the taxpayer should pay their debts if the financiers seem to get a pass when it all gets too hard for them. > This hasn't happened unless you count QE as printing money to pay debt, which would be a pretty serious twist of logic. Credit ratings are forward-looking though. The US's financial position is the worst it has ever been - public debt to GDP is on wartime footing in a long period of peace between major powers. And from my admittedly highly unreliable sources, a number of states aren't in great financial health and there is a pension crisis afoot. The fact that the US is going to hand out the nominal value of its debt is not comforting in light of this. > ... there is a ton of money to be made on the open markets by securing your position with capital That isn't a fair challenge and you know it, there are a lot of ways to lose everything being clever with derivatives even if the macroeconomic assessment is right. Profiting off something isn't the only way to be right about an opinion. > This is a legitimate criticism but separate from your other claims. No it isn't. If the US isn't honoring the capitalist system inside their markets, it is legitimately risky to assume that they will treat foreigners with more respect. There is an argument that they will, but it isn't a sure thing by any stretch. If something does change, by the time everyone admits that it will be far too late for investors. The US is chronically unable to balance its budget. The first thing to give could easily be foreign-owed debt, because foreigners don't vote. I've been experimenting with explaining this - here is the current draft. An ordinary borrower has a number of ways they can get in to trouble - like losing their job and so being unable to repay a loan. The government avoids all that because government writes the law and it controls the creation of currency so it can always choose to technically not have a problem. These changes make it almost meaningless to assess a government's debt in norminal terms (eg, 'the debt is $x trillion!' isn't actually a concern, because the government as a body can simply create $x trillion if it wants. Wish I could do that :P). So we have to look at the governments debt in real terms, at which point we need a completely different model than a small time player, who is mostly concerned with by nominal issues. Then you run in to the issue that in real terms, nobody agrees on anything - which is why the economy is run with a nominal currency system. But there are people, like me, who think in real terms the US of today is a completely different beast from the US of the 1970s. There are massive demographic and political differences. I don't know there is any controversy as such. The FSF is doing its job and reminding everyone that freedom includes the freedom to make money. If your software is licensed under something that includes the Commons Clause then it isn't free software, because users are not free to do what they want with it (being limited by the Commons Clause, funnily enough). I'd hazard the only reason this is worth a mention is because "Commons Clause" sounds a lot like "Creative Commons" and, as the article mentions, it is a also misleading because it is attached to licenses in a way that changes them from Free Software licenses to [-O-p-e-n-S-o-u-r-c-e- +] proprietary software licenses. Someone scanning the license could think "oh, this is xyz license that is free, all is good" and not pick up on the Commons Clause. It is a bit insidious like that. + EDIT - Scratch that, it isn't even open source. Yes. But even then it is a bit difficult to speak with certainty because governments choose the tax rate and as long as the army stays intact can recover from nearly anything. In this context, I believe debt load to GDP for the US after WWII, and that didn't cause a problem. The concern is that the US has a debt load consistent with a world war and conditions that are really quite favorable. So the obvious questions are "at what point does this get paid back?" and "in like-for-like real terms, assuming politicians are cynical and greedy, is there any reason to believe this debt will be honored?". > And throwing away due process in the interest of the Greater Good? If you're not reminded of the Salem Witch Trials, you should be reminded of Stalin's purges just the same. Indeed. Most of the rhetoric seems to have a tit-for-tat feel to it. I don't know how the rest of the right wing feel, but things like the Russia conspiracy theories are a lot more palatable in light of older, even more insane conspiracy theories like Obama instituting Sharia law or being born in Kenya. The concerning parts of the dialog are the innocuous elements where due process starts to break down. Slogans like "Resist" and "Not My President" are more scary than most of the rest to me - the health of the system are more important than political ideology. Hopefully they don't mean what they are literally saying, but it'll be scary if that language breaks out of America and starts to spread across the rest of the Anglosphere. There were a lot of interesting factiods in this article, but it didn't come together for me into a cohesive piece. The US has no honorable reason for being in the Middle East - if it did, it would also have invaded large chunks of Africa, probably North Korea, Saudi Arabia wouldn't be a US ally and maybe send some troops into a few well chosen South American countries for good measure. The world is horrible, and it is highly suspicious that the Middle East was the first mob in need of 'saving'. With that observation as a premise, it is questionable that the US military is reporting their objectives honestly. I think I can keep track of who the current bad guys are, but I can't keep track of which ones were US allies or created by US adventures over the past 20 years. If the take-away is the US military would be more effective with flamethrowers then that makes sense to me. If the argument is that they are struggling to achieve their objectives in the Middle East then I assume they are lying about what they are trying to achieve. We can shuffle the numbers around all you like, but if we don't use cheap energy then more of our resources go to energy production and standards of living will drop. A "higher tax rate" is slight of hand argument for "we'll make the costs so convoluted that no-body will understand the cause". It isn't a solution to the problem of making people's lives more materially comfortable and satisfying. It is all very well to say that orangutans _should_ be more important than a standard of living, but in practice people will say one thing and vote in a completely different way when they are actually tested. Orangutan are not important compared to keeping families struggling between financially viable and non-viable on the good side of the margins. Well, we use different sources for different things, but as a rule literally all fabrication and industrial activity uses energy. Eg, some big ones, * Producing aluminium (Apple products) * Producing & storing food (Haber process is energy -> fertiliser @ ~1-2% of worlds energy, refrigeration will also be a big deal) * Transport (of food and goods) * Heating (probably a bigger deal in places like Europe) Energy is secretly quite fungible - eg, we can burn fossil fuels directly for grid electricity and use grid electricity as a substitute for fossil fuels if the price differential between the two gets large. If general energy costs go up, food prices go up. That is the most obvious link between energy prices and poverty, but there are other less clear ones. Experimentally, we have found that there are two choices for who runs a country: 1) Politicians who are greedy, self-centred and ruthless. 2) Politicians who are liars, greedy, self-centred and ruthless. The big issue with "I like communism" (for socialism the argument changes) is that any time anyone tries it they try to appoint champions of the people to their ruling class and discover they have actually got liars and monsters. This doesn't happen because they got unlucky - this is because there are no champions of the people at that level of power. There are only people with incentives, and communism really screws up the incentive structure. The best incentive structure, by far, is free markets and democracy, even if the people who rise to the top are all scum. Somehow, "by luck" (bah, people don't get incentives) it all works really well. > and NOT TAKE THEIR MONEY So by logical extension, a highly virtuous person would ... donate money to racist causes? Because that is the exact opposite of taking their donations. There is always going to be one politician who has policies that are more racist-friendly than the other. Targeting specific groups for exclusion from the political process, even at the social level, is a recipe for disaster . We want less of that, not more. At most, ask for transparency about where the donations are sourced from so the polity can talk about it. Firstly, that is not what devonkim said, so he probably doesn't mean that. Secondly, that is also wrong. Trump is a good example of this sort of thing - a reporter just has to look at him sideways to get told that black unemployment is at a record low, and over the last 2 years he's pulled a couple of pro-black political stunts. About half the media will still call him a racist, because he has _no_ control over who he gets associated with. I expect this point would come up in a debate so I'll address it - a 'Muslim travel ban' is only racist to someone who is very confused about what 'race' means. Given the pain Bush & Obama have delivered to the Middle East in particular, and the Muslim world in general, this is a distasteful but certainly not inconsistent choice for US foreign policy. > politicians who accept donations from racist organizations are the racist politicians. Maybe in the abstract, but who are there "racist organizations" that are making political donations to influence politicans? Assuming we are still talking US politics, the last scandal [0] involving the KKK (only racist organisation I know of) was in 1991! Everything since is literally throwaway one-line comments of no real significance. I don't think racist organisations are active in politics, they'd make candidates unelectable. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Racism_in_United_States_politi... After an election cycle or two they would figure out this is helping their opponents - like in first-past-the-post how it takes a few election cycles for people realise that splitting the vote really helps their least-liked candidate. I haven't been able to find the comedy in the situation myself, conspiracy theories aren't much fun when people start acting on them. But it is profoundly worrying in a next-two-decades-of-politics sort of way. Neither the Democrats nor the Republicans seem to see negotiation as a viable way achieving good outcomes, and it is difficult to see how that will end well. If the Dems had launched this conspiracy that the Russians are scheming to do ... something ... completely out of the blue it would be good for a generation of lampooning, but it conceptually fits in with older Tea Party attempts to shut the government down, or the partisanship towards the end of the Obama presidency on issues like Supreme Court nominations. There isn't a loud force in American politics that is talking about compromise or finding common ground. > The free market is not fair, and it is not a meritocracy. It is subject to all the same tribal impulses and inequalities that have persisted in humans throughout history. Based on context, I suspect you mean merit as in moral merit. Economic merit is defined as the economic value add in a free market, so free markets are tautologically a meritocracy, because success in a free market is basically a definition of economic merit. It certainly isn't fair, but nearly nothing is. Life is profoundly unfair. > In western societies, no job should pay less than a living wage, no matter how enjoyable it is. That’s just an excuse for exploitation. A debatable point - it is easy to justify making it as easy as possible for a worker to leave a job that isn't paying a living wage and find something else. However there are a lot of people out there and not all of them are working to live. Eg, maybe someone has a stead source of income (spouse, parents or investment money) and wants to get involved in something worthwhile but low value add. It isn't at all obvious why we should prevent that as a society because nobody thinks it is worth a living wage worth of money per hour. A minimum wage is basically a declaration that work with less value add than some number is not worth doing. From an incentives point of view, it is really weird and there are probably better ways of helping people with nothing to offer their community. One way to divide people on mathematics is to separate those who see it as a technology (have problem -> apply mathematics -> problem is solved) from those who see it as a way of interpreting the world (eg, the stock market /is/ a set of correlated random variables, adding things to a heap /is/ addition, geometry /is/ how the world fits together). Usually there isn't a huge amount of difference between these competing philosophies, but it really rears its head in probability and statistics where a huge amount of damage is done, eg, p-value-hacking by people who think statistics is a technology rather than a perspective. Let's be cautious attributing things to 'efficiency improvements' - that is a minefield of ways to be wrong [0]. Is it not a reasonable theory that the tailing off of demand is linked to increasing real prices of gasoline [1]? That seems like a simple and obvious explanation to me. I don't know if my source is particularly reliable, but real petrol prices have been all over the shop in recent years. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jevons_paradox [1] https://inflationdata.com/articles/inflation-adjusted-prices... Who slipped the word 'technically' into the article? Obviously Google can technically do tech support, and they explain how - hire ~20k people. It is an economics problem - they don't think there is any marginal profit to be made hiring a support person (and Google services are pretty straightforward, they could easily have a clear read on the situation). That has nothing to do with the number of users though. Environmentalists are the only power bloc in politics that isn't in favour of cheap energy (their priority is obviously 'clean'). The irony of this is that if it happens that clean energy is the most economic alternative, then the small number of fanatics who want to make it a moral or political issue are going to be the biggest roadblock. They'll probably still be ignored as they have been for the last couple of decades though. That being said, talking about the number of jobs might be politically savvy but isn't actually a big picture advantage - energy production is a bit special in my view and we don't want people working on that. We want people working on ways of taking energy and transforming it into something useful. The thinking here is a bit like observing the difference between being unemployed and starving vs. unemployed with a $10 million inheritance - there are good and bad ways to be unemployed. With cheap enough energy, anything is possible. As ideas go this is a bit of a non-starter. If you can't tell what your congressperson is voting for, how do you know if they are representing you? When you vote, how would it be even theoretically possible to make an informed decision of who you want as a representative? The only axis of discrimination between politicians would be charisma - which is no predictor at all of what someone will actually do. EDIT It might be even easier for handlers to corrupt the system, because they could make it known that if a bill gets through, they'll be generous with their largess to everyone - and there will be know way to verify which politicians are the ones who are being bought off. :P Ouch, going right for the partisans. Presidents are important people, but they are a lot more reactive than is generally accepted - what about the theory that Reagan was reforming economics in response to some deeper underlying problem [0]? [0] https://assets.weforum.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/150710... The theme I'm replying to is 'Regan's stated policy objectives were implemented in the 70s and were probable causes of rising income inequality'. Maybe policy settings were twiddled, but the sudden stoppage of growth is probably linked to resource growth tapering off. In a counterfactual scenario where some other set of economic policies were in place, you'd probably have seen income growth trail off regardless. The 'fix' could well be rich people being worse off, not poor or middle income people being better off. Not much of a solution, that. A fun thought experiment, there are some good answers to this: at the end of the day, a different policy would be redistributing something real away from the rich. That wouldn't be food (rich people eat as much as everyone else), so what would it be? That is to day, what exactly are the rich securing that is unfair? (money isn't a valid answer, the answer is what the money is then used to buy) I don't want to be judgmental, and say this with the mildest of intentions (grandparent is just trying to make a contribution, and it would be good advice for some people), but as you point out - "lose your inhibitions" is worse advice than "be a traitorous arse". To someone who doesn't know how to do something, 'alter your mental state and hope that works' is useless advice because holding a drink doesn't magically teach you anything. In addition, the realistic worst case scenario of "be an arse" executed badly is it doesn't work out for you and you stop. The realistic worst case of purposefully upping your alcohol intake is physical danger and lawsuits if you are purposefully exploring new levels of inebriation. Plus the original question is office politics. Socialising is a small component of office politics if you don't want to socialise. Assuming people mean something that they didn't say leads to situations a lot worse than uncomfortable situations. Taking your example, you'd have a lot of rocky starts with people who are actually generous. There isn't anything wrong with uncomfortable situations. I have a few moments every day where I am physically uncomfortable (correct response: stand up and stretch). Why should it be a problem if I am emotionally or socially uncomfortable (correct response: clearly state intentions, put a little bit of effort into making other people comfortable). There is a difference between going out of your way to make people uncomfortable (bad idea), being blunt (not the best way) and being direct (escalating quickly if someone doesn't take a hint - most of the people I've seen doing this are successful). You can make people uncomfortable in a respectful and friendly way. Basically, if you take everything literally and and the people around you who won't be direct; they are the problem. Try and work with them, but reading things in to what they say is not a great idea. At a guess, the hilarity comes from the 'challenge' part. It makes it sound like Huawei is being challenged to do something different - which is pretty laughable by any standard the US intelligence agencies apply to themselves. It is a bit like an Olympic athlete losing a race and seriously complaining that the competition trained too hard and challenging them to 'live a little more' (imagining that scene with a slightly miffed but condescending athlete cracks me up) - I mean, theoretically maybe, but the attitude that the competition should just give up is pretty funny. > They wouldn't be allowed to lie to Congress if Congress didn't allow them to lie That seems like a pretty radical position to take - I'd bet that Congress has a rule in place saying "you can't lie to us". How are you justifying that as a stance? What more do you want Congress to do? And how will that be different from trial by media? The future has been, since the birth of language, terrifying and uncertain. There have been times in history where focusing on your retirement has been a stupid idea (fall of Rome, WWII, areas devastated by plague or flood, etc, etc). However, there have also been times where catastrophe has stubbornly refused to occur. It is actually pretty easy to describe a horrific future that can't be quickly or reasonably debunked - but anyone with sense should also be prepared for the outside scenario that everything carries on as planned. Doomsayers always face the risk that the problem turns out to be solvable or minor, and should be prepared for that. I'm not quite sure you are making a point in line with the person you are responding to. The California fires are terrible but: 1) You have to be ready for terrible fires even if the future climate prognosis is great. 2) The residents of Paradise, California with substantial savings are going to be much better off than those without. If anything, Paradise validates the idea that you should save and invest more in preparation for a hostile future rather than less. They aren't going it alone, they are still part of a large and functioning America. Democracies don't move especially slowly, they can reorient themselves at politically breakneck speed, if the people agree on something. While they move like turtles on contested minor issues a democracy on, eg, wartime footing is capable of terrifying speed and precision. Lots of centralised systems have crumbled before the baffling hydra of democracy. The real issue in America is voters appear to have temporarily lost interest in infrastructure spending in favor of other uses of public money. One other development that is quite startling in historic terms is a lot of modern western democracies is their relation with energy. I wouldn't be surprised if Germany was one of the first industrial superpowers of all time to turn its nose up at using a cheap energy source to further its economic successes. They aren't wrong about the timing. I cite bank mergers [0] as evidence, you can see they start becoming the norm about 1981. The inflation-adjusted numbers start exploding as well [1]. I'm a bit suspicious that the real advantage of large companies is more assets, more faith and better access to credit. From an economic perspective, I can recall many mergers and acquisitions that basically failed to make money. But on the other hand, maybe a good merger is a very low key event, I can name a few in tech specifically that worked - but usually that is because the network effects of online businesses are absurdly important. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_bank_mergers_in_the_Un... [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_largest_mergers_and_ac... Just to throw in some context, unless I've read the report wrong [0], there is evidence that the bias against female TAs was led by female students, and the bias by male students was difficult to detect with statistical significance. [0] https://www.scienceopen.com/document_file/25ff22be-8a1b-4c97... Tables 8, 9 and 10. Pointers require a very clear mental separation between the thing and the location where the thing is stored. However, in C the thing is only really identifiable by the place it is stored. If the learner's mental model of what is happening has any flaws whatsoever, it will break under that strain. There are a few complicated concepts that are very similar but not quite the same. Every system has failure modes. It is possible but not completely obvious that mob rule is a worse failure mode than corruption amongst the representatives in a Republic. Any one can imagine a direct democracy where the quorum is, say, 60% instead of 50.01%, leading to greater stability. Purely out of interest, do you see yourself as more part of the mob, or more part of the representatives? On the one hand, I doubt the author was out to stir up criticism on HN. On the other, that definition is skirting quite close to defining everything in the known universe as typed - I suspect there is a hair splitting argument about whether the fundamentals of physics can be defined as a 'symbol' in an 'expression'. With that sort of starting point, it is no longer clear what the value of things being typed is. If everything has a type, what use is it to point out that a thing is typed? The results become too trivial to be worth discussing. A little further down this rabbit hole and we'll have discovered that mathematics encapsulates universal laws! That analogy doesn't speak to me. It brushes over a lot of complexity, infuses value judgments and trivialises important issues. 1) Global warming is not really comparable to cancer. Cancer is a healthy system getting disrupted and ending, global warming is simply a system changing. The type of change threatened by AGW is very scary and expensive, but the future is going to involve radical change anyway. Deciding what the change is likely to entail and how many resources to set aside for dealing with it is an important part of the debate. 2) It appears you are invoking a variant of Pascal's Wager. Pascal's Wager is fundamentally unsound. It ignores the fact that we make decisions in a finite world, and some risks are too small to devote attention to (because there are an effectively infinite number of trivial risks that we need trivial effort to deal with, resulting in an infinite demand for finite resources). Resources are limited, if we did believe that climate change was 'not real', then devoting anything to motigating it would be unacceptable. > ... they are trying to bend facts to fit the newspapers narrative, so they will get coverage. I think we can all agree that that is politics, but not leadership. Politicians are active players in the game of politics, no argument. So I suppose the null hypothesis is that the current PM has a large contingency of voters who don't like immigration (who are also pandered to by the Daily Mail), and is trying to represent them. I really like that one - a politician who attempts to show leadership _will_ be controversial and resisted. Democracies settle uncontroversial issues extremely quickly, then settle into an awkward status-quo with competing interest groups, where any change advantages some and disadvantages others. Someone who tries to lead anywhere new will face fierce opposition. Are you fundamentally saying that that null hypothesis is wrong? What are you proposing replaces it? 'Trying to do the right thing' is a quirky human heuristic that works well in the small but scales terribly. It is evidenced in things like the legal system where 'intent to commit a crime' is often a consideration in the sentencing in addition to the actual outcomes of a criminal act. With that in mind, it makes a lot of sense why money (and the economy generally) rubs people the wrong way. We have here a powerful system in which if you act rationally, selfishly and with intent to maximise your personal outcomes (but within the law), others will benefit. Intent is explicitly not part of the equation of who gets to be wealthy. But the whole thing hangs together because of the intuitive fact that a clever person acting with selfish intent can usually do more good than a clever selfless person acting with noble intent. There is an irony that working to maximise your income looks, in real terms, a lot like dedicating your life to the betterment of others with personal perks. The people who get rich under capitalism do not spend their time sitting in idleness. It was interesting how the efforts at window decoration after Compiz never really seemed to get the useless-but-cool. I recall KDE adding some disappointing compositing effects that combined being useless with not looking very good. It was the difference between an exploration of a cool concept and someone checking a box. Compiz's best feature was it made changing virtual desktops an exciting and rewarding process. Their specific implementation of the Cube was genius. No idealism here mate, we are accusing the Labor party of lying about their motives and reasoning. This bill was bipartisan (shame on both their houses and all that). Saying they would "die on their sword" is wrong. Nobody would care if they said "we're waiting 6 months because we want time to debate". They do that sort of thing all the time, doesn't raise a blip. This is a fringe issue! Nobody understands or cares about cybersecurity, that is the only reason that they can get something like this passed. To claim the Liberals would run a scare campaign is one of the most baldfaced lies since "I thank the honorable [opposition] member for their question" in parliamentary Question Time. Scare campaigns don't need to be run based on facts, politics has moved beyond that. If a scare campaign is in the works it will go ahead regardless. Labour are still going to get called soft on crime if the Liberals think it will win them votes. That particular argument isn't really sound, because the question is one of magnitude. However it still isn't obvious why China should enforce US IP law if it doesn't want to. IP is the ultimate human creation, it has no basis in the physical world. If pretending ideas are property puts China at a disadvantage there isn't a moral or practical reason to do it. > playing the devil's advocate Ok. IANAL :) > The fact that someone robbed 10 banks is a fact. The legal world is, officially, very humble. It isn't a fact that someone robbed 10 banks. It is a fact that they were /convicted of/ robbing 10 banks. The legal system isn't perfect, lots of basically guiltless people get chewed up by the machine. An acceptance of that reality permeates a lot of legal practice (embedded in the system, although I expect a lot of lawyers get it too). > How is a person's history not a fact? The key word you are missing is relevant fact. Some very great minds have put a lot of effort into making the legal system robust against the unreliability of all the evidence that passes through it. The rules regarding evidence in the Common Law tradition are quite well thought out. A case starts by gathering evidence of what transpired, proceeds by assessing it against some standard and finishes taking a (more or less) predictable action. If someone has 10 convictions, they have received an appropriate treatment for what they have done. Imagine that a bank robbery has occurred and someone has a history of 10 bank robberies is the suspect. If the case is borderline, and the 10 prior convictions is what pushes it over the edge, then this is effectively the same as further punishment for past misdeeds . If the 10 past misdeeds are acceptable evidence, then it is equivalent to punishing someone further for past crimes. That isn't acceptable - the sentence at the prior conviction is meant to be the end of the matter and to allow otherwise violates principles of fairness. For reason of fairness, they can't be accepted and the current case must be tried on the merits of only evidence about that instance of crime. I'm going to put it out there that when two (now three) non-experts discuss the relative costs everyone gets to be wrong about everything, so why bother? Nevertheless... Firstly, relative costs will be region specific. Secondly, prices are always in a state of flux over the medium term. Thirdly, there are probably tax and subsidy implications. Fourthly, I suspect the rooftop solar is going to be a poor choice compared to utility-scale centralised solar and a grid so your specific arguments may be academic (I certainly hope so, those industrial solar towers look amazing vs. rooftop panels). Fifthly, the failure modes of the two systems are different making a comparison challenging. For example, how reliable is a solar system in the face of three days of cloud cover? Vandalism? Do these panels actually last 20 years, given that manufacturing techniques are presumably changing and we haven't had 20 years to test them out? What are the actual fire risks posed by house-powering batteries? Putting together a similar list for generators is easy but I know the answers to a lot of those questions because I'm quite familiar with fossil fuels, as we all are. Anyone who says either is going to be more suitable for purpose without an opinion sourced from an engineer or a couple of case studies is just making stuff up. You can't first-principles this sort of thing, it is very context sensitive. Even case studies I mistrust, because solar can look very good if the grid is mismanaged by environmentalists to the point people opt-out. It isn't really a fallacy, just pedantic. We can't really assert a philosophical concept of 'truth' in physics, because there is always uncertainty. By extension, any statement that 'this is how the world is working' has a good chance of being wrong in theory and practice. For example, as I know we have random variables in the current models of quantum physics. Based on our historic experience with the universe, they may yet prove not to actually be random. Until quantum physics, random variables were always a theoretical construct to fill in gaps in our knowledge - eg, "experimental error" was expected to be limits in our ability to measure rather than something fundamental. Classical physics is really handy, but it doesn't accurately model how the world works in a can-I-simulate-reality-according-to-our-best-knowledge sense. That falsifies the theory. If you want to demand perfection, then Clojure isn't going to meet your standards (what would?). The issue here is that, based on the way they (particularly Rich) talk, we can expect they will not do Bloody Stupid things like the old Python 2->3 changeover. Things like big, breaking changes that require architectural changes to keep current, or break all the available tutorials. If the problem can be fixed with a macro or single function (like a change to plus behavior) it is an irritant, not a threat to productivity. That is not a concern. I don't see how a change could be much more minor, honestly. It is a breaking change, that sort of change could introduce bugs into existing codebases. If that matters, you can't upgrade your Clojure version without careful change management anyway. It isn't like reduce is being depreciated or something. I don't need to change how I think about the language. Lisps are so flexible you aren't going to be able to make a solid feature-based argument why one is bad. They can do any logical feature expressively and easily if you want it for your own work. If another language does something better then it isn't hard to lift it either. Lisps fall down on writing performant code easily, on ease-of-learning and on community, but you're setting yourself an interesting challenge claiming that there are technical issues. Common Lisp for example is famous for having everything, usually before and usually better than other languages. Static typing isn't a bad idea, but it wasn't implemented because it had interesting logical implications. Languages like, eg, C, used static typing because it is critical to the entire design of C that you know how large an object is in memory, and that like is where I suspect most of its popularity comes from - I assume that to write high-performance code, you need fine-grained to control RAM. For the benefits of a static type system, Clojure is decoupling that implementation detail of size from the interesting logical implications of dynamic typing using the spec library (which has been present since 1.9.0, and is likely to be a pretty strict improvement on static typing for anything except raw performance). I doubt it is the first language to do that, but it is the first I've used. As for encapsulation and refactoring it would be interesting to hear about where you think it falls down. I havn't used the language for anything large-scale, but for personal projects Clojure's approach to encapsulation with protocols is far more likely to capture what-I-actually-wanted than an inheritance system like the classic model in C++. Clojure makes it at least as easy to refactor as any other language. Basically, Clojure cares a huge amount about correctness, that has been a focus for 1.9.0 and now 1.10.0. They just think that static types are a bad way of solving for correctness, because static typing puts a bunch more constraints on an object than are required. >> The expanding number of cracks, the statement said, was the result of the increased sensitivity of the testing equipment, which had improved over the years. This is a great quote for the problems Nuclear faces. The scrutiny is orders of magnitude more than in, say, coal or solar, and so many more mistakes and problems are found. The result is that nuclear remains much safer in pretty much every way. Nuclear should be less safe, it would be more economic and bring the risks in line with what people accept in other fields. If nuclear power was 10 times as safe as driving a car to work, or going to the supermarket, then nuclear power would be shut down. No questions asked. The situation is frustrating and stupid. I have a favorite article for when people say that - https://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-35761136 - which notes that there are areas inside the Fukushima exclusion zone with an additional annual dose of 13 millisieverts vs city of Ramsar in Iran where they have an annual dose of 250 millisieverts. The citizens of Ramsar obviously have found the place to be inhabitable although I'm sure some safety expert is working to kick them out of their homes too. The computational power of the hardware is getting really close to what a human brain is capable of (on an exponential scale, anyway). If "nowhere close" means not in the next 5 years then sure. Over the medium term I'm not sure AI researchers are the best people to ask. They are completely dependent on how much power the electrical engineers give them - I doubt there is a deeper understanding what a doubling or quadrupling of computer power will do than any programmer learning about neural networks. Well, Wikipedia was my source [0] and it links http://hplusmagazine.com/2009/04/07/brain-chip/ as its source. Google has TPU that are off from the estimated power required to simulate a brain by a factor of 3, so technology is reaching the ballpark. Given that brains were evolved, the part that does symbolic thinking is probably "easy to stumble on" in some practical sense. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Computer_performance_by_orders... Do you have a source on that? It is easy to underestimate just how _stupidly_ a non-free society can behave. I'm not even talking democracy vs other (there can be non-free democracies, or notionally authoritarian regimes that are quite free in practice), I mean the really basic "if you can work to better yourself, then go for it" style liberty. The system of corporations we have today is a super-civilised way of wresting power and control from existing structures - if you can do something better and cheaper than the company currently in power, you can displace them quickly and with minimum fuss. The core of that mechanism in the west is if you think a companies management are just clueless you can start your own company and compete. That is a big component of what freedom is - if you think you can do it better you can try to do it better. Non-free societies would almost certainly disrupt that mechanism as the first thing they did. Given how complicated a modern economy is, I'm not sure they'd be competitive with a free society. The inefficiencies would build up to spectacular levels. In a sense, what is happening in China is unknowable. Their reported statistics are probably not so trustworthy and more governed by their political realities than their physical realities. I know that their country has the word "Communist" in the name and not much more. How free are they? How do I compare that to another country? How much of my view is tinted by not speaking Chinese? I dunno. As a statement of principle, there is no evidence that the top-down economy nut has been cracked, so if they are trying to do that it will fall apart in messy fashion at some point. You can't take your best and brightest, tell them what to study & where to work, then expect a central planner to get the numbers right. There aren't enough geniuses for that to work. You have to let the smart ones figure out what the best use of their time is, like the West has been doing for the last few centuries. wades in When Hitler battled to power the Weimar Republic was experiencing hyperinflation and the economy had just shut down. I don't think Hitler's ideology was the biggest problem the Germans were facing. As the communist regimes like China and the Soviets demonstrated again after the war, a mismanaged economy is literally worse than Hitler for the people involved. So I'll admit the situation is too complicated for me to really say this honestly, but the real issue the Germans faced was that they had lost WWI and a bunch of foreign powers were extracting large amounts of wealth from them. They eventually snapped and responded with violence. The fact that the focus when they snapped was Nazi ideology was unfortunate, but the problem wasn't the ideology - it was that foreigners were taking their wealth and the government failed to keep people fed, sheltered and employed. No, that was pretty blatant Keynesianism [0]. Although I suppose if it is possible to be a Nazi apologist in 1919 then maybe I can be one too. I did admit it was complicated. But the state of the economy was clearly a contributer to the rise of the Nazi party. It isn't like Hitler got in because the Germans just went crazy one day and thought the dude was a great guy to lead. He got in because the country was collapsing anyway. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Economic_Consequences_of_t... Such a website would be really interesting and would probably rise some interesting questions and answers and may well be a good idea. However, being a fierce capitalist, I want to draw out the problems this line of thinking has if it is carried to its logical conclusions. 1) At some point people will stop buying coffee due to its price. Where is that point and how do we find it if it is not the one determined by the cafes and customers as is currently the case? If we can double wages and prices are still 'reasonable', why can't we double them again and again? When do we know we've hit 'reasonable'? Who controls what that word means? 2) You've divided a large number (double wages) by a large number (drinks/hr) and come up with a small number. The maths is fine, but the maths is obscuring the fact that the changes are large. I dunno what you are being charged for a coffee, but $0.31 is ~3% of $10 and that is quite large. Anyone who is on a disciplined budget would buy less coffee if coffee is coming out of their discretionary spending. The argument here might be that coffee is a tiny percent of someone's expenses, but the issue is that the 'only $0.31' thinking doesn't scale. If a bunch of things rise in price by 3% in real terms, consumers with no savings (ie, most consumers) DO have to cut back on something with mathematical certainty. How can money get to the barista if it is "not being spent by others"? All the barista's income is coming from wages spent by consumers on coffee. The point is, gp said "it isn't unreasonable" with the implication that nobody would notice (eg, "enough to cause people to massively switch to instant coffee"). That isn't a safe position - it is likely consumers of coffee will have to cut back on something. They would notice. On your specific point that you think allocating more resources to baristas will help the economy - why not allocate the baristas to doing something more useful, where the market rate for their time is higher than $10? Allocating more to baristas is a lot of things, but it is not an evidence based strategy for increasing the general prosperity. What is it that these baristas lack? Maybe they should be trained to produce that thing, instead of getting handouts or fighting with their employers? Can you pick out a particular section? I'm about as pro-nuclear as they get, but the Wikipedia articles seem to support a story of the Japanese government shutting down nuclear and being very tentative restarting the existing reactors [0]. It is difficult to guess what is going on in a country that doesn't report in English, but the info in Wikipedia (mostly a little dated) seems to support a rollback of nuclear. Reduced generation, limited new developments. Either they are using less energy or something else is filling the void left by nuclear plant shutdowns. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nuclear_power_in_Japan#Nuclear... There is another aspect of this that is critically important. For a business to operate unprofitably, it needs a line of credit. There are scarily complicated second order effects of what that credit does, where it comes from and whether the net effect is good or bad open. When credit is involved and businesses are not profitable there is a spectrum of results. On one end the credit is being provided by sensible people and eventually some of the businesses return a large profit. On the other the credit is being provided by idiots (government, banks with bad policy, etc) and at some point there will be massive losses when it can't be paid back. If someone is observing 'gee, nobody is making a profit here', then I'm going to interpret what they are saying as 'we're moving to the wrong end of the spectrum here, there is going to be a clean-out where people lose their jobs or their investments'. But to have the conversation, really we need to know who, why, how much, when and what terms the credit is being provided under. Money is a really handy system for dividing up resources amongst people who don't have time to track what all their peers are up to. But it doesn't magically call resources into being, we need some sort of link to the physical world to do that. People use fossil fuels for everything - travel, access to goods that need to be transported, access to products that require electricity to fabricate (eg, aluminium). If less fossil fuels are used, then it seems highly likely there will be less stuff to distribute. I'd be surprised if the very wealthy consume enough that they can be made to absorb the real burden, because most wealth is stored in things like paper investments or non-consumer goods. If there are less goods and there isn't a target that can have their goods reallocated, then someone is going to have to do without and they will be furious. Giving them a "dividend" when there is nothing for them to buy is unlikely to help matters. On the flip side, most people underestimate the knowledge and training required to do any work at all safely. Not 1 in 10 men I've seen climbing a ladder have done so in a safe manner. If someone has not done a procedure before, I don't trust them regardless of their qualification. If they have done a procedure 100 times, I trust them unless their track record is terrible. I certainly don't think the government needs to enforce these standards the way they do, occupational licensing is not the answer. Information and voluntary schemes would be a lot cheaper, and probably lead to similar quality. Being able to do something is completely different from it being an advisable thing to do, and this is a can of worms that would be better left untouched. For example, if Facebook can identify suicide risks in Ohio, then they will be pressured to identify gays in Saudi Arabia and Muslims in Xinjiang. Or weed smokers, underage drinkers, and a bunch of everyone-does-it-but-nobody-cares crimes, where the punishments are technically quite harsh. The only effective standard that differentiates suicide from the others is "what Facebook's executive thinks is morally acceptable". It is certain that Facebooks executive are not the right people to arbitrate moral issues, not matter how black and white. There best layer of protection we have here is Facebook taking an official position of "we don't judge, we just sell ads". It isn't perfect and it isn't necessarily logically consistent, but if Facebook sees itself as an arbiter then sooner or later it may well disagree with something we do and take action to stop us doing it. In many senses this is a style thing, but: There is going to be a pretty sharp break between people who accept that working with a collection deserves special syntax support and those who don't. The readability issue for me isn't that the syntax doesn't look nice, it is that I've invested years into making a very efficient little mental space that deals with "data2 = fn(data1)" style constructs and I want to use it here like I do everywhere else. Some silly-high percentage of for loops can be cast into this data2 = fn(data1). Why am I being told that it isn't readable? If this isn't easy to read, then something is wrong with the function syntax. A chaining operator, to recast fn3(fn2(fn1(data))) => data > fn1 > fn2 > fn3 with reduce is much more readable, debuggable and easy to reason about than having to remember what syntax todays language uses to talk about collections and how that works in to the flow of data in my program. > Stable society requires long-term commitments (debt, investment), but people demand the ability to swing policy back and forth on 4 or 5 year timescales. I'm going to assume US government works something like how it does in Australia and make a guess. The vast majority of policy is going to be set with bipartisan support, and nobody talks about it because "yeah, we all agree on good policy" is never going to win votes in an election. Only points of difference matter. The issues that are hyped up for elections are important, but typically minor variations on a theme from the perspective of a civilisation. The movements looking to seriously challenge the mechanics of our debt and investment systems (I recall a few,from a couple of different quarters after '07 and '08) seem to have failed in having a lasting impact. We don't pay people based on 'effort'. We pay people based on their output, in particular their ability to take create situations where money changes hands. If somebody thinks they can get more money with less effort then we want them to try working that way instead. > you could make this argument about any policy It is completely reasonable to say that good policy for 10 million people is different from good policy for 100 million people. Not all effects caused by increasing population scale in the same way. Economic geography is a very interesting subject and certainly admits the possibility for small, high-skill nations to be able to enjoy a localised prosperity that doesn't scale very well. > It doesn't really follow that tax policy should be different because a diverse population disagrees more I don't follow what you mean with that. A divided polity will produce a very different set of policy than a united polity. There is no convincing science, theory or philosophy setting what taxes should be. Taxes are what they are, and we've seen arguably successful societies at a wide range of tax levels. A small united polity will clearly be more successful at using government to achieve their aims than a large and disparate population. The issue with using data about a 90% style tax rates is that nobody will ever be paying that rate. Why would anyone continue working for an income if they were paying 90% of it in tax? They'd find some way of organising their affairs so that they are compensated in some manner that is not income, or they'd stop working. Eg, Maybe a company director is being paid $300,000 per annum, then a 90% tax rate for incomes >$100,000 is bought in. Suddenly his wife and son have a job at the company as advisors on $100,000 per annum each, their jobs are remarkably work-lite, and the director's salary drops to $100,000. Adjust as needed to be compliant with local law. The common stimulus methods are have a negative impact on savers too. The impacts of high/low have a lag time measured in decades, so it is very difficult to debate what they are. Eg, memory suggests there is a pension crisis brewing in the states, but how does the lack of preparation interplay with demographics, government policy and savings rate? Complicated topic. Personally, I'd expect that any anti-savings policy has a net-negative effect but that very few people would successfully link cause, effect and magnitude. At some point, people should be putting their efforts into forming and preserving capital to set up for the future.