Although I agree for the -webkit prefix implementation (this can cause no harm to the render of the web page), I disagree strongly with tweaking the user-agent. There's some features that simply cannot be tested with feature detection (the HTML5 Appcache and the tel:// URI scheme to name two of them but I'm sure there's more) and tweaking the user-agent might also break some web pages. I run a website in production where I test for the Chrome & Firefox user-agent to enable the appcache. I'm not saying that IE does not have any support on it (it's actually supported), it's just that I don't have the time to test fully the IE implementation to make sure that the user will have a web page that will be updated properly. So IE will still work but without any appcache (which is not a real issue). If they change their user-agent and their implementation of the feature is not 100% perfect, the website might not work properly. The principal difference is that the virtual machine contains everything whereas you can spawn a container for all the components of your infrastructure. - It's easy to restart a container if it crashed and container can be tested individually before being pushed in production. - An application will not mess with the configuration of another app (that's solving the problem of virtualenv, rvm and apt incompatibilities). - The application is not tight to a physical machine, a container can connect to another machine instead of the local one just by changing the routing or environment variables if everything is done properly. It's the UNIX philosophy applied to applications, everything must be as small as possible, do only one task and do it properly and I think that's part of docker's popularity. However like most things, it's not really magic and it must be designed and maintained properly to get all these benefits. I'm going to get downvoted for this but I cannot believe what I'm reading... we're talking about a nuclear attack involving inter-continental missiles. I'm far from an expert on this subject but I'm pretty sure you cannot build one in your garage on your own. (and especially not with a simple schema on a white board). One thing which makes me sad is the lack of structure of the Javascript API. Everything is now built using Javascript and the JS VM is not following any UNIX principles in its implementation. I would really like to have a UNIX-like JS API. A small example: let's say that you want to redirect the error output to the standard output. Since everything is a file descriptor on UNIX, you can just call dup2(2) and this won't have any repercussion on other parts of the program. You can also redirect any error to a file just by using this on a file descriptor you got from open (2). But in Javascript, everything is different, you have to redeclare console.error and hope that this won't break anything if some library is doing exactly the same thing as you somewhere. This is also the same problem with XMLHttpRequest and various javascript APIs. (including the File and Blob API to read files on the browser). It's not like they have a choice now, the other choice here is to shut down the company. That's also why they launched Firefox OS, they hope in the future to depend less on Google. (another french here). I sadly agree on everything said here... I would like to add that in my opinion, the main problem in France is that everything related to driving is now turned into a business. Usually the driving test is less about driving and more about how long they can keep you in the DMV to charge you money. There is not a lot of preparation to the driving test itself in order to fail the test the first time (so they can charge you after that). I've also seen verbal agreements between driving inspectors and DMV's (I guess this is easier to do on the country side). I exactly had the same idea... I would also add that this thing is going to be useless anyway because not all the websites are going to implement it. So you will have this header + the traditional blocker... It's totally unrelated but something I would really like to have right now would be a header with the average connection bandwidth (or just thresholds). This could be really useful to reduce the amount of data sent if the connection is really bad. This is totally unrelated to their code review software (I still have no idea what it does from the repository by the way) but I can't help to think from their domain ( http://review.ninja/ ) that somehow we crossed a line in the TLD business, this does not even looks like a legitimate url. I don't want to spoil their great "innovation patent" but Three.js has implemented this years ago ( http://threejs.org/docs/#Reference/Renderers/CanvasRenderer ). Looking at this reminds me how small some projects are when you put things in perspective. For example, most of the node.js project actually consists of less than ten developers. ( http://tomiaijo.github.io/github-treemaps/#/repository/21166... ). I don't understand, the sliders are doing nothing (Firefox 31), is that suppose to do anything ? By the way the contrast is really bad on the top menu and I have to hover everything to have an idea of the text. The last time I've tried (~ 1 month ago), there was no video support (unlike what you can see on the screenshot) but otherwise I would be happy to use it, anything would be more stable than skype anyway. Do you know any other alternatives ? (I will try to install the new version, it might work better) Yeah sure, if IE8 could display CSS properly, that would be the case but unfortunately even basic CSS is quite broken on IE8, it's not just graceful degradation. I'm not sure why I can't reply to the other comment. I also designed things on IE7 & IE8 and there is definitely some major problems on IE8 which cannot be solved magically by graceful degradation. I think that IE9 is generally fine however, if you design everything with graceful degradation in mind and the website is quite simple it should work (appart for weird borders around images sometimes, but it's fine with a bit of css). I've definitely experienced z-index bugs, floating bugs, padding bugs, display bugs (with inline & blocks) and core JavaScript bugs in IE8 which are making the website unusable. IE8 is definitely not IE9, while it's still better than IE7 and there is generally less issues, there is still IE8 specific work to do to make the website compatible. And depending of your strategy within the company, it might not be worth trying to fix these issues. (this is quite costly). It's indeed relevant. This is one of the biggest reason why monoculture and monsanto-like-GMO will never work (even if we knew how to properly create GMO, which is not the case and another subject). If you create a GMO which is targeted to kill some insects or plants, there is then a huge incentive due to the large size of the crops and the lack of diversity for a new kind of insect / plant to resist to this GMO, it would have a massive competitive advantage and could spread much more quickly. There is only a benefit in the first years you are using it until the environment is adapting itself. Yes but the size of the refugee is not large enough even in theory to cover the risks and in practice, the refugee crop is even smaller due to the loss of money by doing this. I'm not sure why you downvoted but one interesting detail is that current GMO's are not equivalent between them, unlike their traditional counterpart. There is huge differences between the same plants on the same crop and current GMO's are not stable (in the scientific term). That's what I mean by we know how to create GMO's properly with a reliable technique. This however might change in the future. It's partially related but something I would really like to have is a cross-website cache for public scripts. Around 80% of the size of the scripts is public libraries used by almost everyone (jquery, bootstrap, moment.js, various jquery plugins, angular...) and each of them is downloaded thousands of times. One simple solution could be something like this: This way the browser can have a look at the hash and not query the file at all. This could not lead to security issues since the hash saved by the browser is not the hash displayed but the one computed with the actual file. (and obviously you are only using the public attribute for scripts which are meant to be public). With this technique, the most popular libraries could be cached and not downloaded by users. The main goal of a technology like this is to help the caching of common scripts, not to cache your entire website. The only information you could have with this is that the browser already downloaded jquery from another website, that is not going to help that much. For french speakers who might not know, there is also the french equivalent of bash.org previously called bash-fr (now renamed to danstonchat) http://danstonchat.com/ , it also has a quite large community. (French native speaker here). From the developers I know (and that is still my case to some extent) people refer to the keywords as their function rather than their meaning. So when you see a 'while' or a 'for' loop, you just interpret it as a loop regardless of the original meaning of the word, it's not English anymore, it's just code blocks. But I'm wondering how it's interpreted from the point of view of a native speaker. I knew that the php interpreter was not very clever but the most surprising part is this one : There is actually a difference between "while (true)" and "while (\true)", and it's not even capable to optimize this as a standard JMP. I can't believe that really simple things like this are still not optimized in the interpreter. Yeah, I was wondering the same thing, why not just order a takeaway from the restaurant instead if you just don't want to cook, it's almost the same price and it's also pre-cooked. I also had the same problem, I've received 2/3 spams to the linkedin address in the past two weeks and never received any before. They are also passing the gmail filter which is quite impressive in itself. I feel this is a trend now with new projects, it's also the case in Node.js, Go and new Python packages. This can go as absurd as the package named "a" in npm ( https://www.npmjs.org/package/a ) which is used by a lot other packages. I also had some trouble to figure out what each package is suppose to do when using RoR. However, I would not say it's necessary easier in older languages when I see the amount of weird acronyms used in the Java world. I think the website illustrates perfectly what can be wrong with a landing page, I had absolutely no idea what the product is suppose to do. Is it a mocking api generating fake user data ? "A Simple Data API" is also to vague to get an idea on what the product is doing. (I had the answer when having a look at the footer but I'm not sure everyone will have a look at the footer). The pricing page is also really terrible, I see a list of prices for data types but I have no idea how it's actually billed. There is a small infobox on the bottom saying that I'm billed for each successful request, but that should be on the top since I had no idea what the price meant (the button is not inside the box as any pricing page by the way). It would be also nice to have a price average for the api, how much does it cost to look-up basic customer info on 1000 numbers ? I have to use a calculator to answer that. (By the way does it work outside the US ? I can only see US phone formats and zip codes). I see absolutely nothing interesting here, it's just an error management with an error list. I'm pretty sure that I have similar handlers in my own code too. You can even find this pattern in strerror.c which is handeling errno.h [1]. this is a really old concept. [1] http://opensource.apple.com/source/gcc/gcc-926/libiberty/str... I don't really know what will happen with this case but cases like this are the reason I never try to contact anyone on security flaws. Sometimes just when browsing the web, I click on a wrong link or a button in an unexpected way and I see what must be security flaw. When you studied a bit in this domain, you _know_ that there is something. I never tried to contact anyone anyway because I have absolutely nothing to win. After all, if their server is exploited I'm not liable in any ways but they can try to sue me if I contact them. We use OneDrive for business at work (I'm not sure it's exactly the same as OneDrive under the hood though) and I can't say I had the same experience. - There is no Linux/OSX client unlike DropBox (the OSX client only works for OneDrive and not OneDrive for business) so it's unusable with servers or environments with a lot of OSX machines. (so most enterprise usage) - There is a list of approved file types and if your file is not on the list, it just refuses to sync it. This is really annoying because I need to create zip files all the time to bypass this bug. - OneDrive modifies certain file types (like word document but also others) to add metadata on it so you never know if the file you are getting is exactly the same as the one you synchronized. - We experienced bugs in the permission system which destroyed couple of files (thankfully we had backups). The only positive thing with OneDrive is that it's integrated with Office 365 (it's the equivalent to Google Drive for Gmail) so you can preview files directly within your web browser on Office 365 (when it works because sometimes you just can't). I would have a choice, I would return to Dropbox without any hesitation. React is not really like Angular, you can use it to improve a page by adding new components, you don't have to use React for everything like you would do with Angular. But yeah, I'm not really a huge fan of the template system either and the whole jsx thing is not really convenient. Looks nice but it does not work for me, it seems to load forever. By the way, I've noticed a small bug, the website seems to try to load http://localhost:35729/livereload.js so you should check your sources to modify this to the production URL. This is really interesting ! I'm currently working in my company heavily with offline html5 features. The assumptions are not really the same as this framework on my case since on my case the app will probably be 95% of the time in an offline mode. I've created a small library which is making the html5 manifest much easier to work with so I can put http headers like commands inside it. The client is checking with an interval to update the app and there is a built-in loading bar to show the download. This supports also an additional client-side api to make things easier. Here is a gist of how it looks like currently : https://gist.github.com/alex-min/1bbc304ad9b96bdf5c96 I think I could see if I can open-source it if that's interesting for some people. But this library seems really nice, I will have a look since the synchronization of objects seems really well done. (from the demo page). I agree, and the blurry image weight approximately 678KB (~88% of the size in bytes of the whole page). I'm sure there are less costly ways to create a fake page or to show that you are not allowed to view the page. I really don't understand how it is a problem, these options are surely useful for a portion of the userbase otherwise they would not be displayed. I'm pretty sure people browsing with a 33k modem connection would enjoy disabling images so everything could be faster and you can find examples for any item of this list. All these options are under the configuration menu anyway so no inexperienced user are not going to go in this menu anyway... I don't really see the point this article is trying to make. "Street feeding is one of the worst things to do, because it keeps people in homeless status," Oh yeah sure, they're homeless because they are asking for food, that's their own fault for staying homeless and not the fault of the society. This is very convenient. Or maybe they just go to food sharing programs because they are hungry and that's their only option ? Who knows... I'm quite disappointed by this presentation, I see only new syntax everywhere for approximately zero benefit. There is not even any mention to the Object.observe integration which would be the most exiting feature to improve Angular apps. Angular looks and feels now like a Java framework, with ugly decorators and bloated APIs, that's really sad... The quality automated translation is not really there yet and Google translate won't have the context of your app anyway. There is also lots of other small details on how people are going to use your app. For example in some countries, the last name is supposed to be put before the first name and if you put it the other way around, you would still have ~15/20% of people which would put their last name on the first field anyway regardless how it's labeled. That is a very good list. I would also add to this list that unlike what people think, numbers are not necessary following each other (they can be completely random), the even/odd rule might also not be respected and the building number can also contain letters. I'm taking advantage of the fact that there's a few Mozilla developers around to say a big thank you to the team. I've never used most of the features of the developer edition except the console and everything is great on this developer edition. I'm a proud owner of a Firefox OS phone and the simulator is really good and fast, I think I'm going to make an app or two during my spare time ! A big thank you to all the team for your great work ! I feel exactly the opposite, I've downloaded the Developer Edition which they released a few days ago and I've never seen a browser so fast, it feels much faster than chrome on my machine, I can't wait to have all the beta improvements merged into the standard version ! I guess you are living in a parallel universe. The fact that the president is issued from an ethic minority changes absolutely nothing to system. The power is still concentrated in a few hands and lobby groups are dominating everything. As we saw in the past few years, even in a "nation of laws" as you say it, the laws are only in practice mostly applied to constraint the freedom of citizens (Is the massive electronic surveillance done by the NSA is just to make sure that everyone is a good and loyal citizen ?). Isn't crypto.getRandomValues created just for this purpose ? I've also done some JEE quite a long time ago and I hated every second of it. I'm not sure however if my experience is representative of the the Java community. There is no problem with the language itself nor the VM which is also working quite fine (while taking a lot of RAM). But I really have a problem with the community, everything seems over-engineered and super complicated in Java, even with simple things. Nothing works by default, you always have to include stuff here and there, write one or two xml files before anything would work, I'm fine with configuration but I should at least work by default. Maven is a nightmare to use, it's so complicated I would generally not use it. I would just like a package manager which is only doing packages like any other language. The main problem with the Java community in my own opinion is they are building pyramids while other languages are building stuff out of bricks, it's the opposite of the UNIX philosophy. I would probably be interested (we are selling connected products in my company) but unfortunately there is no screenshots so it's hard to figure out what the company is exactly doing. I subscribed to the mailing-list anyway just in case. Could someone of the company provide some details on what the product is doing ? (if the OP is from the company), it might be useful to other people. Thanks, that's really nice, I'm looking forward to test the product ! Indeed, I believe that is going to happen this way. But in the same time, it's a strong signal to avoid to do software related business in Russia. The blocking works both ways. Just look at what happened in China, they do have their own tools and networks but almost nobody is outsourcing work to China compared to other countries. Yeah but this is an artificial construction which only exists on paper, in reality, Google is indeed making profit in the UK, that's the point. I also agree, the only way I would use environment variables is for global configuration like HTTP_PROXY for example, otherwise I still prefer arguments, at least there is no surprises. The only way to force a reset is to query the manifest and receive a status not equal to 200. If your application is stuck to an old version, this is the only way to update it. And Firefox is considering the manifest as a normal cache so you need to put a lot of http headers to prevent any normal cache otherwise Firefox will never check any updates. When I read articles like these, it always makes me sad to see the amount of incredibly complex technologies dedicated to advertising. I hate to be that guy but I'm sure these resources could have a better usage. Yeah I know... It's even worse than that actually, since advertising is not a zero sum game (if you have two companies with 50% market share, they will get less compared to a company with all the market), any alternative would just decrease significantly the value of advertising and therefore, no alternative can emerge. That is why there is no option to pay for Google services instead of the tracking. I don't think there is any solution to this, unless the share of AdBlock users would reach a tremendous level. I also have the exact same opinion, unless the company is fixing their terrible policies, I just won't develop anything for the iphone, the risk is just too high to work on iOS. I would more refer English as "the language to communicate internationally" rather than "the international language". The distinction is quite important actually and people speaking English as a secondary language are generally dealing in some way or an other with international business (this is also the case of computing). The proportion of secondary language is really unequally distributed. When you go out of these domains, the number of speakers drop really significantly. The truth is most people will never speak English in any ways because they don't need it on a day to day basis, the real world is not exactly reflecting a business lecture where everything is international. English is not a native language there, it should be obvious that most people can't/won't speak English and English can be used only when you can't speak the local language. It's not unique to France but also the case of Spain, Italy and most non-English speaking countries to be fair, the world is not only made of English speaking countries. It depends on your point of view, I could bring up similar arguments with Chrome. There is still no way in Chrome to open more than 25 tabs without the tabs being so small we can't see them and the Settings page of Chrome is not an example of clean UI either. And what's the alternative ? The world is not the United States, in most countries of the world, there is simply no legal way to get a movie/tv show on the Internet. I'm not even talking about 3rd world countries here, Netflix (the only service which is good enough to compare to Torrents) just barely arrived in Europe and their list of movies is so poor, it's not even worth talking about it. Torrents are not working only because it's free but because it's the easier/only option in most places. Actually that's not true anymore : http://www.bittorrent.org/beps/bep_0039.html . All the answers here are really good. I would just add some advice for your new job (if you choose to change) : Always ask for a detailed presentation of the product and the current work in the interview. First, that is showing them that you are interested in the job and everyone like talking about their work but even more important than that, they cannot hide anything. You will see instantly from what they do currently and how they present it which type of company they are, you will see any management issues, how good everything is done and how they care about their product(s). Nothing can be hidden this way. As a software developer you have a tremendous choice about the type of company you will work, so life is too short too work in a company you don't like ! I would be really surprised if this kind of software could be used accurately in any way. Especially on the vocal recognition part. As any kind of neural network technology, vocal recognition needs a lot of training input to work properly. As the web is primarily a text-based medium, this kind of technology works very well in languages where the spoken language is close to the written one (that's why it works quite well in English for example) but it's going to be really hard for languages where the spoken & written forms have taken a completely separated route. There is still no Android app so I'm not sure we can consider it as an alternative. They are not playing on the same market, node-webkit is about creating native apps with node + webkit + web technologies. As an example, Popcorn Time is built with node-webkit. Everyone is saying that North Korea is a bloody dictatorship where people are starving to death. Medias, scientists, tourists who were there (yes, you can actually go there), geopoliticians, ... There is just some evidence everywhere. There is no conspiracy about North Korea and this has nothing to do with capitalism. They have giant statues of their leader and a massive painting of him in the most prestigious place of the country. On official articles, the leader is mentioned everywhere. They manufacture 'pins' with the face of the leader on it and everyone is wearing it. There is painting of the leader in almost every house. (do I need to continue ?) Not to mention the democratic problem of having 10 people weighting so much into the balance. Every web developer I know is using Sublime and all the videos you see on Youtube about frameworks are also using Sublime. So it's clearly one of the favorite text editor here. You can downvote me if you want, just have a look on youtube tutorials on web/javascript frameworks and see for yourself. I does not matter until you are a journalist investigating on some issues with the country, it happened multiple times. It will be the same problem as with current DRM techniques. It works now because it's still not fragmented yet. You will have your content available with your computer with particular updates and browser versions and for some reasons, it will never work with some combination of hardware + OS + driver + browser + country (especially with phones) and the result is people are going to pirate it anyway because it just works all the time, as always. I hate to be that guy, but when you see the twitter account, you only have some reports of tweets like this, that's not how the situation is going to be improved. I agree it's outrageous to see people like this, but their twitter account is effectively completely useless to promote their message, I have to scroll down ~100 tweet to have something useful about video games. Their twitter account is effectively doing some publicity to this kind of message by posting only this kind of content. Please do a constructive comment instead of downvoting me, I'm not posting any spam here. I just fail to see how only posting this kind of tweets is going to promote their cause in any ways, just have a look at their twitter account. Sadly there is just no way to prevent a language to evolve, even with an official language body. As a French speaker, they tried that with a very conservative body which is deciding what is good and what is wrong (Académie française). The result is that the written language is now separated from the spoken language and both evolved separately. (that's also why the vocal recognition in French does not work well but that's another story). So the alternative is much worse than just accepting that the language is changing. If you want to install extensions on a mobile device, there is no much choice. It's just that you can resize everything while still keeping the same portions with the A* paper while with the US formats you just have to redesign everything. Yes exactly and from my experience it's really the best browser available on Windows XP. I've even seen myself a Windows XP with Firefox installed in a shop just a few days ago. I also have the same problem for the repaint window on Chrome, it's a really annoying bug and I have to close it and re-open it every time I lock my computer, Chrome simply cannot work properly when I unlock the computer again. For people complaining about the memory usage and using adblock, uBlock really solves everything, it's really night and day. Steam is bringing so much money to the company, I guess they no longer feel the pressure of publishing new games and new concepts like in the old days. They just release a few hats on Team Fortress from time to time and work on fun projects in the mean time I imagine. If you want to improve the quality of Firefox, there is a simple way to do it, just download Firefox Beta for Android and Firefox Beta for your computer, it's helping them to improve the quality of the stable releases. It's a really easy step to help Mozilla without changing anything to your habits. High salary yes but until you get in a jail for a random reason and then it's just a number on your bank account. There is not only the privacy inside Facebook but also outside facebook. People are generally aware of what they give inside Facebook but I'm not sure most people expect Facebook to store their entire web history with dodgy techniques. Yes exactly, the like "button" is in reality an IFrame. And there is also Facebook Comments and Facebook Connect. There is no proof that they are keeping the full log as far as I know but since their advertising business is eager to get more information about their users, there is a strong incentive to do it. In any case, they are probably logging every request to Facebook so they could use that in the future if they wanted to. I also use this one, it's really well done and works very well. currently everything is in plaintext so having to do a man-in-the-middle to read what's going on is already an improvement. Yeah, I can confirm this comment... We are using OneDrive for Business for various reasons, I strongly advice to stay away from OneDrive for Business if you can... I sadly had the same experience as this guy. I guess when you are a standard user browsing the web, everything works fine on windows, but if you are a web developer it's just a nightmare. There is always something to install which is not there, I have to install tons of drivers, Putty, WinCSP, a decent terminal (cmd.exe is just unusable), WAMP, python, various python libraries, perl, node.js (lots of front-end tools needs it now), Cygwin (otherwise it's impossible to do anything with the base programs), wget.exe, 7zip, notepad++ (the built-in notepad does not handle newlines properly), git, setup bash aliases, emacs, Firefox ... (the list can be expanded). So yeah, you can code on Windows, but you are basically fighting with the system all the time to install everything you need. I've seen a radical effect on the usage Talk due to this. Only my tech-savvy friends would use Google Talk previously and the others would use Facebook. Since the push from Google to use Hangout, nobody I know is using Hangout or Google Talk anymore and it looks like everyone switched to Facebook/Whatsapp on my contact list. I don't even open the chat anymore. I'm quite curious, why document.write is so hard to implement compared to other methods ? Is it not working a bit like innerHTML ? Actually there is no evidence of this, a good proportion of of the food produced is actually used to feed animals which is the most inefficient way to produce food. Just by eating less meat (which makes sense because we are not supposed to eat so much meat), suddenly we don't need to product so much. The actual price of the food is so low currently that what you pay in a supermarket is mostly the externalities. Switching to cleaner methods would not lead to starvation providing that we would eat differently. Yeah, that's the main problem I guess, the system is providing people what they want but not what they need. It works like any other market, the consumers want cheap meat so the industry is providing cheap meat. The whole industry is then shaped to solve the wrong problem. They don't even need to fully switch to vegetarianism for it to work but they need to understand that eating meat once in a while is healthier and more reasonable than having a diet based on eating meat every day. That's mainly an issue with the poverty of the English language, in most languages, they are categories of criminals and they are called differently. Oh yeah sure, there is tons of words to describe criminals, but the problem is the word "criminal" itself works for all of them, if you look at the news and how people speak, you never see those words, you only see "it's a crime to do something" or "this guy is a "criminal". It depends, sometimes the words they invent fit quite naturally into the language and people tend to use them and sometimes they just invent something unpronounceable and obviously nobody is using those words and use the English word as a replacement instead. Sometimes they are even counter-productive. People are not using the English word anyway and they want to replace the French word people are using with another one. Example: instead of 'offline', the academy recommends '(mode) autonome' but people are already using 'déconnecté' or 'hors-ligne' instead, so it does not make sense at all. (French here). The only one I can think of is that a lot of people are saying "La WiFi" (feminine) instead of "Le WiFi" (masculine). For some brands, it can also be quite random since all the game consoles I can think of are using the feminine gender. Maybe that's part of the issue, websites don't needs 5MB worth of images to look good. The article you linked is saying the opposite of what you are writing here, look at the second paragraph, some restaurants are indeed doing it. You need this consumers laws because otherwise some people are going to take advantage of it, that's how it works. Even in Rocket Internet, the value is mostly in the execution, they have the resources and the expertise to copy any kind of project and they can create a whole team from scratch really quickly. And they are not going to spend anything on an unproven idea, before being copied by Rocket Internet you have definitely more important things to worry about. I will just mention Sysdig for the ones who don't know about it already ( http://www.sysdig.org/ ). It's really the swiss knife of monitoring tools, you can have any kind of information you can think of. If you have not already installed it, give it a try ! Yes exactly, and if I remember correctly (my C language memory is starting to fade these days), there is even a flag to reuse the same socket when the program open again (SO_REUSEADDR ?). Keeping a windows machine virus-free/crapware free is really really difficult. There is always something which is installing something else. The best I've found to manage it is to check regularly using Malwarebytes and using Glasswire to monitor the network connections, but yes, it's far from ideal. That's the point, botnets are not mainly composed of computers used by technical users. I've worked on this kind of device. You can rarely use them directly anyway, you need some kind of reverse-proxy/caching to use them otherwise they will crash if to many people are connecting on it directly. Anyway, these kind of device are rarely connected to the outside world so on the worst case, HTTP is still not a problem on an internal network. (French here). This was quite expected, the government slowly adopted more and more laws to restrict freedom and to watch everyone during the past ten years, this is not the first nor the last law, this is just another step for the next law which will be even worse. The government is even censoring comments on social media about the law when it's not going in their direction (I'm not even joking). The French democracy has been completely broken for a long time and a few relics from the past are still working now. The times when the country was called "the land of the human rights" are long gone. I see a few people trying to contact their representative but it's already too late, the democracy is gone, forget about it, it will just slow things down a bit but that's all, the politicians in power are too corrupted and the system too broken for that to work. The best solution now for us now is the technical one, to prevent them to do it. But even that solution is temporary, one day or an other, when they will start to attack random citizens, things will have to change... as the quote is saying, "Those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable.". Excuse my curiosity unrelated to the current topic but I'm about to deploy a small scale hybrid (desktop & web) application using PouchDB. I have strongly unreliable networks (3G networks with entire days where the app is offline). The nodes are owning their own chunk of data so there is no risk of conflicts whatsoever, the main goal is to sync as soon as they can. PouchDB/CouchDB seemed clearly the best fit for this kind of unusual application. Did you encounter any problem with it ? Or if you can share your opinion on this technology after using it. As a french guy living currently in London, I clearly agree. I hope Paris never becomes a second London. If you live there you will understand why. London just lost almost all it's culture in just a few years, the London you see in movies is long gone. Just the red bricks and a few cultural things from the past are remaining but all the rest is gone. There is hard consequences to accept to become a truly global city, it's clearly not only positive consequences for the city. For Google, it's quite complicated. The problem is that Google is representing more than 90% of all the requests in France (the usage is also the same for most of european countries anyway). So we can technically say that Google is in a monopoly position for search. The problem is that it's hurting local startups and businesses there. The solution would be to break Google into smaller parts (it's what you do normaly when a monopoly is hurting the free market) but since that's impossible due to the fact that Google is an American company, the government is taking some measures to limit Google's influence. This is one of the measures, the second one which is currently being voted would be to force Google to display competitors on the home page (a bit like Microsoft's ballot screen). I guess that given the current context, they have no other option. People are not using Google because it's the best one but mainly because it's the default homepage screen. People generally have no idea what Google is, for them, Google is just "the internet". Some people are even confused/lost when they drastically change the homepage during events. Anonymous users (nicknames) worked quite well for Reddit, this problem also depends on other factors I guess. I've worked a bit on fingerprint recognition devices (using various vendor SDKs) and people clearly overestimate the accuracy of these kind of devices. The majority can be fooled with a fingerprint made by melting gummy bear with some tape to gather the fingerprint. Creating fake fingerprints is really easy and cheap. I'm also not mentioning the crappy firmware these devices are generally equipped with, everything close to metal seems to have really low quality firmwares, most of the time, you need to compensate on your side for some unfixable problems in the firmware. The main problem is TV I guess, for the average guy, these kind of technologies are completely infallible and people tend to forget that just like anything else, it's just an indicator that can be fooled / misinterpreted / badly gathered. Every time I see these posts where people claim that they will feed the world with crickets and bugs, my mind screams that's just complete nonsense. The problem in the developed world (that is where they are marketing this kind of things anyway) is that people are eating too much meat already, not that we need to product more meat, that is just the opposite. The current meat is indeed really expensive to produce in terms of resources compare to other kind of food but that's not a problem at all, it's just people are eating too much of it because it's too cheap already, that is the problem. And it's not going to be solved by replacing burgers by cricket burgers. That would just make things even worse, you could get even cheaper meat so the consumption of meat would even raise a bit. - This new trend is mainly targeted to developed countries currently. - If we divide the consumption of meat by at least five, we suddenly have much less problems. It's just a solution to the wrong problem. The problem is how people consume food, we are just not supposed to eat meat in such ridiculous quantities. Replacing meat with cricket meat is not going to solve that. I'm an not advocating on forcing people to switch to a vegetarian diet, I'm not a vegetarian myself. I just present the facts. People would be healthier by eating less meat than what they do currently, they don't need to remove it from their diet. It's great that you love it, most people love meat, I also love meat, that's why we are eating so much of it. I agree that there is a lot of loud vegetarian extremists out there but I'm not one of them, I would just like people to eat more balanced meals instead of the fast-food nonsense we have today. For me, it's the complete opposite. Coding is like learning a music instrument, it's 10% theory and 90% hard try-and-try-again practice to figure out how things works in real life. Nobody would suggest that you can learn an instrument by sitting in a class all day studding music sheets. But suddenly for programming, people create absurd degrees where you only have theory courses. I would probably bet for the second option. Google has a quite long history of keeping everything they can. The only option would be to deny the Google home page access to the Google account cookies and to add an addon to add random searches just in case. I was thinking the same thing. It depends of your needs, if you need raw performance and you have at your disposition a lot of RAM on a powerful server , Java might be a good bet. If you are building things for a normal computer, a Raspberry PI or a background service, the memory usage of Java is going to hit you badly. The problem also of this kind of updates is that they drastically affect the service during the change. It took at least 6 to 8 months for Google to recover back to the quality of search they had before the update. Now everything works fine but just after the Panda update, it was a complete disaster in terms of quality. But maybe it's a necessary evil, I can't think of another solution for this kind of problem. Yes, it's just a BitTorrent client at the end, nothing is changing on that. The improvements are mostly on the UI and the ease to find things. Same over here, it can be as convenient to use as you want, I'm not going to use a VPN to use a paying service. It's funny how people like the market when it's going like they want and dislike it when it's the opposite. The majority of the population does not want to eat GMO, everyone have their own reasons, maybe they are scientifically good, maybe they are scientifically bad but at the end it does not matter. People prefer non-GMO products, that's just a fact gathered by hundreds of polls and statistics. The only thing which is keeping the GMO business still alive is the fact that there is no labeling on GMO products thanks to the lobbies. If you really want to know if the GMO business can survive alone in a free market, just label it and see what happens, it would close the debate once-for-all. Exactly, maybe it will change people's mind and they will accept it more, or it could be just the opposite and people would boycott lots of products. But until there is a label, it's difficult to know. At least with a label, we will see instantly if GMOs are making economic sense. From what I remember, it's actually does quite complicated things internally. It does some heuristics on the file content based on some rule to determine the file format. You can also add new file formats this way, there is a 'magic' file you can add somewhere in /usr/share for that (I don't remember exactly where). And there is literally thousands of file types to test. Anyway, if you have ever coded in C you know what might happen with complex-byte manipulation... If you are just 30min away from work, you can already remove 5 hours per week assuming you work from Monday to Friday. And that's an absolute minimum, you just cannot live normally and work 80 hours a week. I don't think the employment rate of people graduating from MBAs is interesting by itself. People doing MBAs usually are not in the category of people who have difficulties finding jobs anyway. I would be more interested on a statistic showing the difference in salary between the two groups since I'm not fully convinced that it's worth it financially. I've witnessed the death of a language with my own eyes. My father still speaks the local dialect but I don't and nobody of my age does. I just know a few words of it. It's really sad to see the death of a language, when a language dies, everything dies with it, the spirit of a culture dies. And most of these languages are not even recorded anywhere, there is just no trace of it. (that's also the case of the dialect I'm talking about). However, a language rarely dies completely. Even if the next generations are not speaking it anymore, some words remains when the concept the word is describing does not exist in the new language, some traces are still there. It's indeed part of the problem. It's clearly a chicken and egg problem, because it was already engendered at the time, he did not think it would be useful (and it was already a bit out of fashion). But yes I agree. I call it a dialect myself because it relies at least 20% on french (I'm french myself). But after all, I'm not a linguist, they might disagree with the appellation. Maybe it would be a good think to document it I guess, for future purpose. There is so much more than communication inside a language, it carries a whole culture. If you only know English, I would advise you to learn another language, you will understand. Thanks for linking to this article. As a French it's a good vision of the complex environment in France today. There is indeed some parallels with the US but the culture is so drastically different and the approach to all these events is in consequence not the same. I also see people talking about racism in this thread but even the notion of racism itself is absolutely not the same and cannot be compared. For outsiders, this article is a good introduction I guess. I was thinking exactly the same, once you want to create a binary efficient format which you can query, you then have the same problems as a database. And if there is something we have learned in the history of computing, it's that databases are hard to design properly, and especially from scratch. Nothing is technically preventing the client to retrieve indexes built client-side beforehand when reading the email. The main problem is everything is currently made to make the client dumb and the server the ultimate source of truth. I was also thinking the same thing, I have to Google this kind of things all the time, acronyms like this are absolutely not useful at all to determine the exact time things are going to run. I also have the same feeling. Python is very mathematics-friendly compared to other imperative languages and is used a lot more than other mainstream languages for mathematics related projects. On Github, there is a lot of good quality machine learning and statistics projects built with Python. I still did not have got enough time to test the new updates on windows but I sincerely hope they learned by now that what work for tablets does not necessary work on a desktop machines even if the screen size is roughly the same. Not everything is related to the screen size. I remember the full screen calculator on my laptop which was a clear example of the problem. It would be interesting to see if the new dialog box is improving the number of users paying for the software, but I guess they are waiting for more data to see that. Appart for that, I have absolutely no problem paying for Elementary, in my opinion is the best Linux distribution and by far. Everything is really polished and well done. This is the perception of corruption, not the actual corruption. When it comes to the political system, the US is much more corrupt than most European countries. At least in France (since it's your example) you can't legally bribe politicians, it is not enforced a lot but at least it's illegal. In the US, financing of parties (so bribery) is the norm for the presidential election. And at least, minor parties have a representation in France, so there is a hope that the system can still change, in the US, since there is no way to have a representation of the small parties by design, only a revolution can make things change. I don't know if it's planned with the lets-encrypt tool but these things should be really be done automatically. It feels a bit like downloading manually .tar.gz files to do system updates instead of a standard update tool. A system update should update the list of recommended ciphers for OpenSSL and the webserver should just grab the list from OpenSSL directly, there should not be any need to modify any configuration file. It's really exhausting to keep-up with the current state of ciphers all the time. People are pointing out the cost of certificates but in reality, the complexity of all of this is the real barrier, it's far more complex than it should be. Sorry if if was offensive, it was not directed to your work, you are really making the web more secure with these patches so I'm really grateful ! It's just that sometimes, the current usability state of crypto just make me a bit sad. I don't know if it's your website but the text color is close to unreadable, I had to modify the color with the debugger to read it. About the content, I sincerely hope Facebook is not going to become "The Web", otherwise, everyone is clearly in trouble. Same for me, I buy on Amazon for the quality of the reviews, the fact that if there is a problem with the delivery or the product received, I just send an email an everything is solved. In order for this to work, Google will have to improve tremendously their customer service, if they are doing it like in the Play Store and Adwords, it's just not going to work. The difference now is that the amount of jobs available has been reduced so much that a good proportion of people just can't find a job. Even if you would fill all the jobs available currently, it would not be enough to employ everyone. So yeah, if you watch some TV, they are basically going to say that the lazy are unemployed but that's just not the reality. How we solve this problem and going forward is another thing. Robots.txt is supposed to be public. Its purpose is to recommend not to visit some links (it's only a recommendation). And he did not visit the link itself, he just read the comments (made for humans to read) in a public file, I don't think there is a problem here. The stacktrace is much much better in Bluebird compared to native and there are lots of methods which are not available in the native one. Thanks for your awesome work ! I guess when the WebTorrent protocol will be implemented in libtorrent, suddenly, everything is going to change. Right now it's a bit of a chicken-and-egg problem but I'm really confident your project will enable a whole new class of applications which are not possible to build easily currently. I quite agree with that statement. I can talk about the French case since I'm French but I don't know about Germany. There is a lot of obstacles for a startup that you will have compared to other countries but I would not say that firing someone is one of them, it's just that you need a reason to fire someone, you can't just fire them like this. One of the main problem for me is the taxes which are ridiculously high but the most critical point in my opinion is the bureaucracy. The amount of paperwork is so high that you need to seek for advices all the time, the system is really really over-complex, it takes ages for the administration to process stuff, the bureaucracy is really killing the country. I still discover stuff every year I did not know about, if you never lived in a country like this, you have no idea how badly it can affect the economy. The case you are talking about clearly looks like a scam, how is that even legal to ask for a ransom in exchange of not disclosing you to the justice ? There is also tons of examples of companies going bankrupt because they did not thought they would be consequences by shipping a half-baked product. It's just that sometimes you need to prioritize shipping and sometimes you really need a good product quality, it depends on a lot of factors and the business you are in. It's the usual "put everything on terrorists" argument, Snowden is now responsible of the rise of ISIS ! (and also of the world hunger ?) The last decade of war in the middle-east is just a coincidence apparently. What other choice does he have ? He asked almost every European countries for asylum and they all refused him. Thanks for putting this here ! It looks really good and it's exactly the kind of service I was looking for, I'm subscribing ! (If I can provide some feedback, the Join button looks a bit strange, it looks a bit like some advertising so I did not even see it first) I had nothing against the sponsoring in the new tab screen but this is a bit different. There is so much potential for backfire if they don't do it properly. But at the end, how is that different from Google who is also putting ads by analyzing your entire web history. The main problem is that it's quite hard to finance their business, they are trying to do new stuff in every direction to depend less on Google (new search partners, Read-it-later, Firefox OS...) but it's not an easy task. 1. I still prefer the FireFox UI since it works better with lot of tabs, in Chrome the tabs are becoming smaller and smaller until the point that you can't see them. And Firefox's preference screen is so much nicer, so no it's not a verbatim copy, they improved a lot the interface. The history autocomplete is also one of the strong features of Firefox and still does not exist on Chrome. 2. The servers are only use to find clients, the data is transiting directly between the computers with WebRTC. 3. The ad tiles are there until the screen is full (which happens very fast). In practice, almost half of the ads are for Mozilla itself (Firefox for Android, Marketplace ...). 4. And so ? What's the problem by having Yahoo instead of Google in some countries ? It provides some diversity and competition in the search market which really needs it. 5. I agree on this but it's not like Mozilla had a choice, they tried to resist up to the last minute. And their implementation unlike Chrome's one (if I remember) is going to be strictly sandboxed. So they tried to do what they could. This is really Chrome's fault here. 6. I think they did not have a choice either on this one, unlike what Google is advertising, Android is much less open than they say. A lot of proprietary binaries are needed to run the OS and the stock Android is just the bare minimum. Maybe in the future they could provide an open-source replacement to it but I think they did not have enough resources. I don't know if this quote is true but advertising in Roosevelt's times was really different. It was not a creepy tracking business tracking everything you do and traditional advertising was much less present everywhere back then. I would say that it depends of how your application is built and what you want to do with it. Sometimes it does not make sense to create a container for each part of your application. It also depends how you are going to use your application. The application might be the main asset of the company or it might just be an external self-contained tool used sometimes by a few people. How can you seriously defend the EU to the average European when you see things like this ? This kind of stories are not going to help to reduce the current distrust of everything related to the European union. All this corruption really does a disservice to the EU. Shutting down Megaupload also caused a lot of people to move back to torrents. At that time, direct download websites were quite trendy and most of the trafic was redirected to torrents after. We are currently building applications for our shops in Africa (Rwanda, Kenya and Uganda) at my current company. Kenya is not even the worst of all three, Uganda is really a disaster in terms of connectivity. In Uganda it's even difficult to get actual phone signal in most of the country. And you never have reliable Internet anyway, it works like half of the time even if you are in the few right places in the country. Building applications for this kind of environment has been quite challenging. In a few shops in Uganda, the only way to get data back is by USB keys, so you have an actual truck going there with data to send to the shop and data to get back from the shop. We are building connectivity out of trucks and USB keys. We are selling small solar panel kits in small towns on those three countries. The goal is to have a few lights in places where there is no electricity grid at all (it's a for-profit company, not charity). We handle pretty much everything ourselves there since there is not a lot of services pre-built to help you. The shops are selling the kits on payplan since it's quite expensive for the local purchase power. We are the equivalent of a car dealer locally to give a comparison. And the shops are running some software to handle all of that, so this is where my problems are starting ! :) Don't take this as a harsh criticism but I'm also building a large JS-based application and things have slightly changed since Firefox 1.0 I think... I would say the same, for English it works quite well (the quality is maybe a bit below Google but not much). But for other languages, it just does not work at all. In my own opinion, the only reason Uber drivers are contractors is because it's cheaper for Uber, there is no other real reason behind this one. Their internal policies regarding drivers are acting like they are employees anyway, they don't even decide of their price. Otherwise where is the limit between employee and contractor ? Just every company you see could switch all their employees as contractors to reduce their costs. > Is it? If this were to remain, the large majority of the drivers will not have a position to fill. It will not be viable. I guess you found the main point. If Uber would operate like a normal company, with employees, proper insurance and risk coverage for everyone, it might not be profitable. That's also the problem I have, \dt,\c just don't make sense at all and I never remember them whereas 'SHOW TABLES' does not even need explanations. It's also the same thing with the unix users, I never fully understood how postgres handles user permissions. I would say that Postgres itself is really really good but the tooling around is just not there yet. I'm glad it's finally arriving, it been working in Firefox for quite a long time and I'm happy to see v8 implementing this ! Arrow functions are so much nicer to read and use. mmmm, I haven't considered this case... I personally preferred the Coffeescript version like this: a->b http://static.pcinpact.com/images/bd/news/120599.png (In French but easily understandable) It's blank CDs and DVDs only, on this chart the tax is 35ct per CD and 1€ per DVD which seems about right. Your HN profile does not list an email address or phone number. Maybe you should apply your own advice and add some details to not be part of the "scumbag" people as you say. Or maybe you are just afraid to receive spam or be harassed like everyone else, there are reasons not to have details. Yes I don't recommend installing the Facebook app, the application is doing shady things with contacts, messages and tries to gather as much data as it can. For the Bluetooth, there is not a lot of usages today anyway and it's consuming battery (which is the main problem on smartphones) so switching it off is the best option in my opinion. From this data, you can see that reddit is stil highly dependent on the US market. The international part must be the other English speaking countries I suppose. There is still some huge work to do to have a better international coverage. (and also a good potential for further growth). Sure, it's the future but currently it's still quite far away, React Native is available only for iOS (and in a quite beta state) and the components are not fully sharable between both of them yet. But yes, I agree, I can't wait for this ! Or at least you should be able to open the windows a bit like the old buses... Android Browser is the new Internet Explorer along with the webkit engine (Safari included). I should make a blog post one day showing what you get with Firefox for Android and what you get with the Android browser. Youtube, Gmail, Office 365, Google Maps, nothing works well with Firefox for Android nowadays. Emojis are used for communicating emotion, not skin color. If the user want them to be displayed black (or even replace them with cat and dog faces) it should be up to them, it's just a user preference. I know that it's not going to change much, I've mentioned it but it's still better than nothing. I respect other people choices and that's why I need to switch. In the same way, I've installed Textsecure, even if just one person I know is using it, maybe one day, some other people will contact me through it, it does not hurt me to keep it. That's interesting, the animation seems to be slower when I'm on another tab, maybe Firefox has some optimisations affecting this. Google is also a software company with this reasoning. On my case that's the opposite, I really really liked the scrolling, it adds a really nice touch to the story. I just wish the text would have a bit more contract in some of the pictures. But otherwise it's really good, thanks for sharing this ! It used indeed to pay for the content. But the amount of money paid to the websites decreased so much in the past few years it's not the case anymore. These days, advertising is mostly only worth it for clickbait article generators. Every website with a few employee with actual content you see on the internet has at least one or two other ways to get money because advertising is not paying enough these days. They are absolutely not representative of the average website, it's a massively popular website (look at the Alexa rank) and of course advertising works for this kind of websites because you have some leverage to negociate. I'm talking about the majority here. (And even them started to try paid membership, it really tells you the current state of advertising.) This problem is not specific to TextSecure, it also exist with iMessage and whatsapp as far as I know. You can unregister here: https://whispersystems.org/textsecure/unregister I would take this opportunity to say a big thank you to the whole team, textsecure is my default messaging software and it's really well done. Thanks to all of you ! :) I would argue that's even harder for them than FirefoxOS because at least with FirefoxOS, it's powered by web technologies and you can have most basic apps without much work. Whereas with Windows Phone, you need actual developer time to create an application in the new ecosystem. It's already hard to convince people to port applications but it's even harder to convince them to redevelop something new entirely. Same for me, I'm was quite suspicious about this. Especially also that you might not get the whole spectrum at this depth and this might be problematic for some plants. Yes sure, It's really negative feedback here but the majority of users commenting there have technical knowledge as you can see in the comments and most people are only commenting when they don't like things anyway, you never have any thanks if they like things (if you ever created something used by other people, you know what I'm talking about). So we can see that technical people (including me) don't like so much this feature but it does not help to know if the average user is finding it useful, I would bet on my case average users are not even using it since you need to create a separate account, but anyway, we will see. And also, in my opinion, Firefox became a great product by trying new things. And as always, when you change things, sometimes it does not work, sometimes you explore in other directions, you need to experiment a bit. PS: Downvoting-me does not change these facts. I was using it for quite a long time and it worked well but then I made a mistake and everything went wrong. The main problem with this app in my opinion is that there is no way to reset things if you made a mistake. I have a small question here for the people who use keybase and it's been difficult to find answers for this. How do you encrypt per email address ? is that even possible ? I would like to use it for a personal project of mine and that would be the use case. (Sorry to hijack this thread, it might be interesting for other people). Congratulation to the whole team for your hard work ! You can encrypt with lots of things, for example $> keybase encrypt twitter://twitter_id -m 'message' But there seems to be no way to to it with an email address like this: $> keybase encrypt email://email@example.org -m 'message' Or maybe I did not understand something. Thanks for your answer. The main goal on my case is to use the email address as an identity (since it's currently the closest thing I have for this) and not to send encrypted PGP email messages. That's why I never really understood keybase. You can encrypt with a twitter id but not send a encrypted tweet with GPG anyway, so why can't you encrypt by email ? I assumed the most basic form of identity is an email address. Thanks again for your answer. (My opinion here, I know not everyone is going to agree). What I really would like to have, is web capabilities without design, I mean the browser should be in charge of most design. What I would like is more meaningful tags like , , , , , and let the browser handle the actual representation. CSS could be just used for rough positioning + size indication and background-color could be completely replaced by a 'contrast' tag and the browser would display the color according to the user choice or operating system interface. The website would then adapt itself to the user and not the opposite. It might be a strange (and incomplete) thought but how I see it is that the browser would deduce the color. Contrast would be relative to text. For example the panel has a contrast of 0.8, so the browser should chose a color which is readable according to the text color if we would put both on the same panel. This color could be picked from the OS design. It does not mean that it would be ugly tough since you can use pretty good designs and colors, the web would just look much more consistent. There is other countries which are using cars other than the United States (shocking I know !) and I have a car which has one. On my case in France (countryside, don't know about large cities), most small damages are not even reported at all since both driver are fearing that the insurance would increase their monthly fee so people are giving cash to each other, it's quite common. I have the same problem, before these emails would go into the SPAM folder but now even some obvious 'YOU HAVE WON THE LOTTERY !" emails are arriving into the inbox directly. That's exactly the reason why I'm not reporting anything anymore. The legal aspect is just really badly designed for this kind of situation. If I find something opened or unsecured by mistake, I just go somewhere else and don't report anything so this way I don't risk anything. That's sad because it's not helping anyone but I just don't want to handle any legal stuff. I also really recommend Firefox's readability mode (with the book icon), it works really really well and I'm using it all the time ! (My opinion here, I know not everybody is going to agree). Because it took way more than 5 years to unify the American Dollar if I remember whereas the EU wants to go too fast, the local currencies were dropped really quickly and it destabilized the public opinion and the local economy. In people's mind, the euro is associated with inflation and decrease of purchase power. The EU is also way more diverse than anything close to the United States, no one thinks himself as European, there is no European identity (yet). One main problem also is that anything coming from the EU has a bad reputation, the EU is perceived to be very bureaucratic and top-down (they are perceived to be too far from the average guy and not listening). It's not only in the UK, no-one wants to do a actually do a survey because they fear the results. It's pretty unusable for me, here is how it looks like: http://postimg.org/image/xnl2k7f1j/full/ I'm just reposting the comment I've put on the old thread you've done before: It's pretty unusable for me, here is how it looks like: http://postimg.org/image/xnl2k7f1j/full/ There is a lot of websites like this unfortunately, Gmail, Google Maps, Youtube, Office 365... Just try to browse a bit with Firefox for Android and you will see... There is some other edge cases like this also: the tel: URI protocol and the HTML5 offline cache. (French here) I'm not surprised at all. I've seen a documentary once about Scrabble competitions and the guys were discussing after the match about the missed possibilities. One guy was complaining that he could almost get one long obscure word I've never heard about which would be worth a lot of points and the others were discussing about it. The reporter then asked them what the word meant and no one had any idea. Not a single French player could explain what the word meant, it was just in the official dictionary, that's all. When you organize a Scrabble competition, you need to have an official dictionary or people start inventing non-sense words to get points. In French for example, you could add the prefix 're' (meaning again or back) to almost any verb and everyone would understand, this is just an example but it's really easy to create nonsense words that people understand from their root. And since you have an official dictionary, it's not about words anymore, it's about memorizing the dictionary. Indeed, the main problems are uncontrolled side effects. That's what happens when a system is really complex. Even if you just look at weather forecast (which is just really the visible surface of climate change), the models we have are just starting to be working for the immediate future and it's still impossible to predict anything reliably two/three weeks ahead despite the massive amount of money poured into the complex field of meteorology. It's good to gather ideas about what we could do but we don't have any idea of the massive side effects which are going to happen. Almost anything related to climate change is quite speculative and still in research. For Firefox users (like me), you can copy paste the content of this file [1] in the debugger, it also works. [1] https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cymen/show-me-the-react/ma... To the americans here, please understand that socialism is NOT communism. Socialism is regrouping a lot of different things (including the most extreme form of communism) and please do not mix the two together. It's not 2002 anymore, it used to be like this before but it's been a long long time since I had to do this. On my case, using Linux over OSX is also about time, I could use OSX but you need to install a lot of stuff to make it usable for a development environment (which is pretty normal, I'm not the target audiance). (French here). This is a really sad day for the country. I don't really know what to add here to the conversation, it was pretty much expected after the massive amount of laws during the past 10 years that tried to limit freedom of speech and increase the surveillance, it's just the next step. The country has just reached a new low. I just hoped until the end that it would not pass but I was delusional. As a side effect, it's also going to destroy the few technological businesses we had left, like they needed that... I was really hoping that things would change and that the country could finally take advantage of massive amount of bright minds we have here... So much potential is wasted... Anyway, that will be for another year... Thank you for this comment. I guess you can understand how depressing it sounds, I go back in France every 2/3 months and everything is worse everytime I go there, and I can do nothing about it. It's really crashing at high speed. I also have a friend in Moscow I discuss with regularly. I can speak basic Russian but I don't mention it normally because it's really a Tarzan-like level, the language is really beautiful. I really hope things are going to improve there also. France is definitely not the place to go for IT, I'm sorry for that. Thanks, we could have some discussion sometimes, you can reach me at my email address (on my profile), I cannot guarantee that my Russian will be good enough for a conversation but I will try ! > What's next, a database in a spreadsheet? You have no idea, poor innocent soul... :(. I hope you won't touch excel-based databases, it's really awful... That's really interesting ! I can also see this being used for the opposite usage for some security websites. They could ban all non-vpn users. It's strange that you mentioned this series. I've watched the first season and halfway through the second and I never seen a TV show stuffed with so much clichés. Seriously, it must be financed with some political adgenda behind. Everything you can think of is there, the Russian mafia, the Ukrainian bomber, the German neo-nazi group, some psychopath trying to do a chemical attack... Every episode is like this. Anyway, to go back to the subject of the article, backdoors are always a stupid idea because there is no way to guarantee that the backdoor will not be used for other purpose. Recording so much data is also risky for the future. Who trusts their current government ? And who is going to trust the government they will have in 20 years ?. Can we talk a bit about Google Groups also ? Dear Google, please do something about Google groups... It's just unusable. Everytime I see a Google groups link I just don't click. The contrast is horrible, the padding is making 3/4 of the screen useless, it takes forever to load, when you click on something it's lagging again... And the worst part in all of this is that people are still using it, please do something about it... I agree, people are always saying they want to abolish borders but in reality, there are hard consequences to that, you need to have some border for countries to improve. Otherwise everyone is just going to move somewhere else with a better quality of life and this is providing a race to the bottom with giant slums in those places whereas some countries would be almost empty because everyone would move. I don't doubt that, it's just I don't believe in opening borders in one go, it would be too brutal and it would do more harm than good but indeed if we open the borders slowly little by little and improve the conditions in other countries in the mean time (to reduce inequality between countries) it could be much better. Otherwise you are going to have 15M Chinese and Indians moving into the same city in just a few months, it would be way too brutal. So maybe one day it will work but for now, there is way too much inequality for this to work. It should not be possible to lock the keys inside the car since you use the keys from the outside to lock it. Yeah, that's what I meant, the last car I was able to do this was a first model Peugeot 205 (25 years old now), even with a 20 year old model, it was already not possible. > Personally, I've had a number of submissions get upvotes after it's fallen off the first page of /new. I admit it's counterintuitive, though. It's especially true on 'Show HN' and 'Ask HN' posts, since they appear for a longer period of time in the other sections. You are maybe half-joking but the only reason it has not happened yet is that the EU is actively promoting free trade. I don't know for other countries but on my case in France, people would happily block or put massive taxes on large American websites to create local equivalents, they only reason it's not done yet is because they can't with the EU. And it's not the United States either, you can't argue that keeping free trade is good for the economy since the general consensus is that free trade is bad and hurting the country. I'm also being tired of the Russian propaganda. When you have a look on /r/worldnews or /r/news on Reddit, all you see is a fight between US propaganda and Russian propaganda, I don't even go there anymore, I just stay on /r/cooking and /r/science now, no propaganda there ! (and just go to /r/russia if you want to have some fun and see what I'm talking about). If I want to nitpick, music and video files are in the same category, they are not "tangible entities" either but they are protected by law. Most of my friends actually moved to Skype because of this. This requirement is ridiculous, a lot of developers can't speak English at all. And what about British English ? Is it not as good as American English for development ? That's what I thought when reading the article, there has been way too much abuse on the government part from various countries to make any kind of argument about this, actions have consequences unfortunately. And also to define guidelines on what to do if shit hits the fan. As an example (nothing related to DNA modification but anyway), I have a few neighbours who planted balsamine plants (I guess it's this one: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Impatiens_glandulifera ) because it's a bee friendly plant. The problem is it's an invasive plant, it's now absolutely everywhere and spread kilometres away from the original point. I don't mind because it's harmless and the pink flowers are quite beautiful but it's an example of the kind of unforeseen consequences that can happen. Why the downvotes ? It's actually true and really relevant to the article. Music was way more localized back then and a lot of mainstream US artists never actually reached a worldwide audience. (especially on the Rap section of the article). I've installed Elementary OS to my parents home computer and I never do anything on it, it seems easy enough to use even for people without any computer knowledge. There are way better Linux distributions now compared to what it was before. Also compared to windows, I don't need to check that they installed some IncrediBar software which is changing the homepage all the time, this is much better for me. Also I don't know how to explain that but the i18n is incredible compared to Windows and it's much more translated even in system parts, there is no english words to scare away my parents. It just feels more pure in terms of translation. I don't know, I never really liked Less and never understood why they picked it over Sass in the first place. In Less everything looks quite slick until you start doing loops, loops are just looking terrible (you can have a look at the documentation here: http://lesscss.org/features/#loops-feature ). Since having loops is a big advantage of having a preprocessor, I never understood why Less was so popular. I guess people are downvoting you because they disagree but unfortunately, this is sadly the world we live in. Without external factors to counter-balance all of this, massive companies have a massive power and can almost do what they want. Yeah, I was thinking the same thing, I only saw one friend writing in another script but he is clearly a minority, the vast majority of people on my case (France) are writing in cursive. Indeed, the problem is more with the bureaucratic paperwork more than anything else, it takes 6 months to just have the legal paperwork to start a company there. French speaker agreeing here, the vocal recognition is currently at least 10 years behind English and I can't get any device to recognize anything meaningful of what I say, I guess for the "speakularity", we can wait ! With ncurses I would say htop, you can see what happens on the machine quickly. And for pure CLI, sysdig is a must-have on every machine ! I think it depends of the kind of service you provide to the customer, if there is no real obvious advantage to use-it, mainstream adoption will never be there. Currently, the technology is not good enough and the services are not either, the current glasses are more prototypes than anything else. But it does not mean that in the future it will still be the case. For the build times, I would say it's more that C++ is really slow and the others are indeed quite okay. If you have done some work in Qt or with a library using Boost, you just hate any slow build after that. It's indeed difficult to explain how diverse the countries are in Europe, you have the same kind of cultural differences that you have in the whole United States in just a single European country from one side to the other, it's pretty dense. You have the right answer sadly... It's just impossible to grasp the stupid amount of paperwork you have to fill for everything. As an example I needed more paperwork for my train rail-card than my passport (this is not a joke, it was really the case). In the UK, I just give a 10 pound note and I have my oyster card, no questions asked. My brother has a small business, it's just impossible to understand what the administration wants and they take ages to answer to stupid things we should not even have to fill, I really hope that one day, they will destroy the current bureaucracy and the country could finally have the place it deserves internationally. /rant The language has nothing to do with it. Japan has a good economy while speaking in average even worse English than Spain. When the right conditions are there, the business is growing regardless of the spoken language. Except that the curve of language distribution is not proportional at all. If you sum up the top 15 languages, you maybe only have like 40% of the population. So a language with 4% speakers is actually really important in regard of the language distribution. Having 290M speakers is actually really rare for a language, most of the languages spoken in the world actually have very few speakers. This makes French (and all the other 15 top languages) disproportionately important with a such skewed distribution. I have a small question for people who know better than me about IPFS. Does IPFS includes some equivalent of the USK (Updatable keys) concept in Freenet ? How things can be updated ? Yes for sure but the desktop itself is not the end of the game anymore, yes Microsoft still owns the desktop but on mobile and tablets, it's another story. you could just add a new public=true option to counter this. I think you can even already check that with an iframe (or js head inject & timing) anyway, no need for CSP for that. I would say that it depends of the sector. The 'laissez-faire' policy works very well in some markets and fails badly in some others. A good example of a market which works well almost without intervention could be the coffee market, since it's really difficult to have a monopoly on any side (farming, distribution, selling) and the incentive is aligned with the customer's best interest (selling coffee to get more money). A lot of physical consumer goods are in this category. In between, you have markets with a high cost infrastructure but where the main goal is to be a public good. These market need constant input because their interest is not entirely aligned with the consumer. ISPs can be a good example of this, if you don't put laws to correct the default behaviour, it will never work well. But with good laws, it's fixable. At the opposite end I suspect there is markets where the private system will never work, whatever laws you put in place. Education, Health related industries, Prison and Justice system would fall in this category. There will be no law strong enough to change their incentive so it's aligned with the public. If you live in a major city, maybe it's not as popular. On my case on the east, it's almost the only way to go in a lot of places and everyone knows about it. I think strangely, we are not hearing so much about the original inventors from the 20's, we should ask them what they think about that. It depends, is there any legal requirement that the device actually has to record a call log normally ? French here, I can guarantee you it's not a solved problem ! I still don't see how it's a problem either way. The browser should check that the hash matches before storing it into the cache so evil.com/evil.js has not the right hash so it's not stored. If they can craft a sha256 collision then, we have other problems anyway and sha256 should be deprecated. If the hashes are the same, then the files are the same. Oh I see ! I actually did not consider this case. This requires indeed more reflection than I initially thought. Edit: But if we only make the global cache work on the same domain, this problem should disapear completely (it's obviously not as powerfull then but still a massive improvement to the current system) Yes sure it works but it's still domain based. The browser is still downloading the same copy of jquery 100s of times during a browsing session. > The US has the world's richest corporations, its richest citizens, the world's largest middle class For the richest corporations, citizens and the rest I agree but I'm not sure the middle class is as good as it was before, the american middle class has been quite destroyed recently. It's more that the richest got richer, the poor got poorer and the middle class sort of disapeared in the middle. But I have an impression that it's a trend with a lot of things in the US. Sure the top US universities are the best in the world but if you pick one school at random, I'm pretty sure that it's not as good as its european counterpart. (But this does not affect your argument anyway). I also highly recommand the Dale Carnegie book. People who are reading this, don't dismiss this book based on its quite bad title, the book is actually really good. I think the charges were dropped by the girls a long time ago, it's just justice paperwork now if I remember. Yep indeed, French here, it's not even an option currently. Maybe in the future it will improve but for now it only works in theory. Just a small minor comment, it's not possible anymore to leak browser history with CSS visited links like before because you can only change the color of the links now and not read it with the code. You can still make a page saying "click on the red squares" but that's about it. This seems to be true for most large companies. From the outside, everything looks great and everyone is going towards one clear direction but internally, everyone is actually in an isolated silo living its own life and no-one actually discuss with each other. On the worst cases, you even have some internal competition within these silos. The chinese governement will have to change their policies at some point anyway. Having the great firewall is as a side-effect hurting a lot the tech companies, no-one is actualy outsourcing tech to China. If you compare with India, the difference is massive. I can only think of one chinese tech company who succeeded internationally (AppAnnie), all the others I can think of are just copies of tech companies for the local market. At some point, they will have to choose between having great technology companies and keeping the firewall in place. The more they wait, the harder the choice is going to be for them. Definitely flash, especially on Linux, just moving it to 'click to play' is making the browser much much faster. Or just eating less meat and more quality meat from time to time would maybe be less radical than switching completely to insects. In this case there is no action at all on the users part. > As soon as he clicked that debug link or the detail link, he was intentionally accessing information without authorized access No he was not, he was accessing information because he did not know what it was (not explicit enough) and have been authorized to do it by Gmail. In both cases you are quoting, there is work done on the user part to access the information, in this case there is not. The problem as I understand is more about the documentation, the hidden quirks and also the barrier to bring new contributors to the source code. It's always easier when they don't have to learn a custom language first. Don't know about other countries, on my case in France, it was MSN-only, I've never seen anyone with a AIM account ever. I had no idea it used to be popular in the US, I've actually learned that now. Exactly, and it's been blocked almost since the beginning in China, which means users are now using local products. If the users can't access the websites they are normally using the next day, they will just get some unblocking software from a friend, this things are shared really quickly. And as far as I know, they did not use any encryption anyway, so I don't even see the point here, it's totally unrelated. Should we ban unencrypted connections then since that's what they used ? Exactly, and they committed crimes using cars ! I mean, it can't just be a coincidence, in the previous Charlie Hebdo attacks, the guys also used a car to escape from there ! If we ban cars, then no more attacks, it cannot be any simpler than that ! I'm pretty sure in the past, the colour of the ads were quite different and you could differentiate the blocks much more easily. It just became whiter and whiter over time it seems. So it's not the first time this chart is actually posted on HN but actually almost everything is wrong on it. German does not include Austria, French does not include African countries, Chinese should be splitted, English and Russian numbers are way too low (I suspect at least half of the population of Ukraine speaks Russian). And there is I'm sure lots of other mistakes. On my case I've just installed the 'News Feed Eradicator' extension which deletes all the news feed and replaces it with inspirational quotes. So I have the best of both worlds, I still use Facebook to contact people but I don't see all the bad stuff, I essentially use Facebook as MSN. I had the same problem at the university with a password with '*' in it. It was actually some old bash script behind it which would update random things. Basically my thoughts. Some random 21 year old boy exploits a flash login page with a SQL injection straight from the 90's and it does not shock anyone that he was even able to do it. Yeah, I don't really understand the point they are trying to make there. Of course Geohot does not have a massive amount of engineers working on his car, and it's not meant to be a mass-market product, it's just a hobbyist project built in his garage, it's already amazing it worked so well to be honest regarding the massive complexity of a project like this. Unless I misunderstood something... This is only if you believe in a private market which works for drugs which I believe is not possible unless for really simple basic meds. I beleive the research should be public on this case, no legal incentive can really fix the drug market. This is one of those markets where the interests of both parties will likely never align. If it can reassure you, it's about as terrible as this in French, in English it kind of works but for other languages, it's not even worth thinking about for now. I hope they are going to improve this part, otherwise they will never get those users. Same in France, the only time you will have pictures is at a Chinese restaurant or some fast food place, I've never seen pictures in any traditional restaurant before. Maybe it's a cultural thing. Just by looking at the screenshots, I can feel the nostalgia... I remember I've tried to create a clone of SuperTux with SDL when I started coding. I might still have it somewhere... I'm going to download it again and play for a while ! > "Penelope Trunk [...] She lives on a farm in Wisconsin." Culture plays a huge part on the perceived value of degrees. On my case I did not do a degree to learn things but mainly to have the right stamp at the right place. You can be sure people will have a look at this part of the CV even with 10 years of experience in the field. This article looks a bit too american-centric. I have about the same problem, I can't grasp feet at all and for screen sizes, centimetres would be easier with just an additional point for laptop screens, it's quite difficult to read indeed. I can represent a 15' screen thanks to my laptop but absolutely not a 40' or 50' screen, it would be better in centimetres with a dot for common screen sizes. I'm french. While people use inches for laptops, anything bigger is in centimetres. You still need quite a lot of time to reach it, I've reached it in maybe 7 months or something, it's another level compared to reddit. The first part resonate a lot with me. I wanted to learn Russian (because why not ?), I intuitively thought the Cyrillic alphabet would be the hardest part of all, like it's another alphabet and you can't read anything right ? Sounds really difficult... Actually it's the easiest part of the language because it's 99% phonetic with some few exceptions, the whole alphabet is in reality quite small and it was actually easier to learn how to read Russian than reading English. The hard part is actually more the grammar (with those cases) and the vocabulary more than the reading itself. I still have a very basic level but the alphabet part took like only 4 hours maybe to remember them all. But it's also the same when coding, the hard parts are not always where I expect them to be. Original link: http://www.nextinpact.com/news/98015-etat-d-urgence-3-021-pe... (French) I also tend to use cheap and easy solution to start personal projects and then migrate them to something else. I generally use sqlite as a database, so I can just copy the file directly, like there is only maybe two users on the server, it's not going to make a big difference. That's the number one reason I don't code in Perl, I can't even read my own code 6 months later... Perl is not a programming language, it's closer to real languages and you can sort of invent stuff and it works... I was authenticated this way with the StartSSL website if I remember correctly. While it sounds a good idea in theory, the UI part is indeed really really terrible and I had some trouble to find the right place myself so I can't imagine for a non-technical user. I indeed don't understand why it's not done yet, everything would be so much easier ! That's the part not everyone is agreeing on, this is how Microsoft defines it, not how the users are seeing it. This kind of studies are indeed really difficult to make, it's a sensitive subject so not everyone is going to report it the same way, you need to find the right group of people, a sample large enough and compare with across industries which is even harder to do. So I'm convinced personally there's some problems with women in tech which is partially due to the low amount of women going into tech but I think that's really hard to quantify in real numbers. The link seems to insist there is a problem with women in tech, even if the study is correct, it could just mean that women are not treated the same way in other industries either. It does not stop to take action indeed, I agree with that, I was just reacting to the study itself. Indeed... cameras need to be maintained when they are broken, the video quality of cameras is not really good for space reason so the footage is not usable all the time, the videos need to be stored somewhere with a good backup system and must obey local laws about data retention, different cameras are managed by different people so you need some paperwork to access everything which might be needed, they need to be checked regularly to see if they still work fine... Putting all of this in place is not really cheap and easy to maintain all the time, that's why not everything works 100% of the time. Yeah I feel exactly the same, what is the proportion of code on Stack Overflow which is over 25 lines ? 5%, 10% ? StackOverflow is not hosting software, they are hosting code solutions and it's not really the same thing. And the UK netflix is one of the best one apart from the US one, just imagine the catalogue you have in other countries... - The French and German Netflix have 3 times less content than the US - The Italian one, almost 5 times less content. - The Russian one, almost 8 times less. (numbers taken from flixsearch.io, not sure how it's accurate) There are vast difference in catalogue between the different countries. If it can help to look at the neighbours, on my case I don't feel the ID card in France helped to reduce fraud and terrorism (why is that there in the article anyway ?), it just added more bureaucracy, processes and cost I believe. And also more expensive than most European countries. I would also be interested by the results, just by curiosity. I'm not judging you at all. It's just that Apple (unlike Microsoft and Samsung) brands itself as a company with human values so obviously people are paying more attention to this aspect for Apple. But yes, I agree indeed. On my case I don't know (I'm French), I currently work in the UK but I will definitely found a small company in a few years time with some online services, that's something I always wanted to do. Will I do it in France or in the UK ? The thing is, at least in the UK, if I buy a book, I can understand how the system works, in France I'm not sure even with the help of my parents I would be able to... It's just not only about taxes, I don't want to spend all my time filling some massive amount of paperwork nonsense. I still hope it's going to improve in the future but it seems it's just worse every year... :( Same on my case, if the account is essentially useless I do exactly this. I put the same username and password with a dedicated email for this kind of things. If someone at Skype could take some notes on this also... I feel this is a clear demonstration of why warrantless access should not exist at all, one you have it, more and more administrative parts want it and then you have completely unrelated institution having too much power for what they do. The potential for misuse here is quite huge. The thing which prevented me to use meteor for big projects is it looks really monolithic from the outside. What happens if suddenly I want to rewrite part of the back-end or part of the front-end with something else for various reasons ? What happens if I want to switch from MongoDb to RethinkDb or Postgres for some reason ? It's good to have default choices but it looks from the outside that the default choices with meteor are pretty fixed. But maybe I'm wrong, that's just how it looks like from the outside. I'm not against Azerty but we still can't type « or » with it and since it's part of the language, it definitely should be there. Oh yeah sure, it's a solution for the current keyboard but I believe a key should already exist for it since it's a common symbol in the language. It would be the equivalent of having to do altgr+S for the dollar symbol in the US. A protocol should definitely be in place for that, all the updates I do are handled just by using apt-get except for certificates. Like I don't want to handle myself anything related to certificates (including the list of ciphers, the generation of new certificates, the compromised CAs ...), the current certificate system feels like the equivalent of installing updates with .tar.gz archives. This is not only the UK I believe, it's just the UK is the only country where citizen will have their opinion heard about the EU, the sentiment is shared by other countries. On my case in France, they won't do a vote because they are really afraid of the result, the anti-EU movement is going stronger every year and I believe it's the same in Germany, Spain and Italy. As much I as love the EU myself, it's currently not very democratic I must admit. It's indeed complicated, the EU is moving way too fast for local cultures, they are also arriving in a bad economic climate so it does not help. No-one thinks themselves "European" either (whatever this might mean), the European Union looks from the outside as a floating entity on top of Europe, it's difficult for people to relate to it. The fact that politicians are avoiding to do a poll with almost 35% (total of left + right parties) of votes to openly Anti-EU party (this was in 2012, I imagine it's more now, and this is only people voting for openly anti-EU parties, the real figures are obviously higher) is also seen really negatively and does not help at all to improve the general opinion of the European Union. On my case in France (2012 election) if you do an addition of all the parties against the EU : Front National (want to go back to the Franc and do a poll for quitting the EU, ~18%), Front de Gauche (considering quitting the Union depending of the circonstances, ~11%). So these + all the minor parties it's like 35% of votes more or less against the EU. This was back in 2012, it's currently probably higher. Oh yeah I feel the same, I'm a French guy currently living in London but I must admit I clearly not represent the majority, especially when I look around my relatives. The feeling is not shared by everyone in the IT field, some people only care about the technology part and the challenges. I agree with you and also consider this industry unethical and I'm not planning to work in it any time soon but I'm sure lots of people don't mind. I would also be interested about your story, what was it about ? Sorry but I actualy can't load the website because of an HTTPS error (Firefox 43/Linux) (Error code : sec_error_ocsp_old_response). So I've updated to Firefox 44 and it works indeed but it seems broken on Firefox 43.* on both of my computers (work and personal), you might want to have a look at it since 43.* is a quite recent version. (I'm not the one who downvoted you). This seems a very risky option, if he has a copy of the data and you are harassing him this way, there is a good chance the data is going to be released somehow. String.replace is now a builtin standard in most languages, there is no real need to explain it anymore (apart from documentation). It would be like replacing 'grep' with 'fetchAPieceOfStringInFiles' While I agree with you (French guy living there now), It's even worse on the other side of the Channel. I don't really know for Spain, but the price of education is not always the whole picture. In France it's mostly free (or really close to free) but the culture regarding degrees is vastly different compared to the UK. For engineering for example, you have an official definition of engineer and if you don't have the official engineering degree, you will never be considered an engineer, whatever you do (even 10 years after graduation). I also wanted to setup something like this but I did not see an option to switch languages in Slack and since no-one speaks any English, it's not going to work well... The interface of Slack is still in English which is a major blocker for me. I guess it's probably working the same way as what3words (by the way, I hope they are going to improve their i18n version..). By the way, I can totally confirm myself the "close to the blue bar" kind of location description in the article, I've seen this kind of things in the database a lot in my previous company. I totally agree, I've contributed myself to OpenStreetMap for a few things which were not totally correct and I this way at least I know it's something everyone (including myself) will be able to use it after. (Not the one who downvoted you). Why do people always mention carbs this days ? Is it the new trend after the no-fat diet ? I just don't get it, carbs have always been a major part of meals since medieval times and it's clearly a part of a normal alimentation, if you put everything in moderation, I don't see really the problem, I just don't get it. That's the official version indeed. There's also Android and Android, you need also to test for each popular product of Samsung since it's so different from stock and then hope there is no carrier-specific problem. And you also need test with a lot of different screens, but it's not like in web, you can't resize the emulator like this so it takes longer. Not trying to criticize, but it's still not easy to get an Android app to work mostly everywhere. It could help for example in the case of a DCMA takedown, thanks to the backup, you won't lose all the issues this way. You are not alone... on my first internship, we were transferring code by USB keys, I just can't believe I used to work this way at some point. I'm not even sure people differentiate between their banks and the company behind the type of card itself, to them it's just "a credit card". Is there really a voice like that in the nest fire alarm ?! It really looks like a bad joke, reminds me of playing Portal. This is exactly what a fire alarm in Portal would look like ! I was half-expecting this but Comcast is associated with Swastika and Nazi. To be honest, being someone interested in lots of things, just based on my browser history you could also put me in the terrorist box. Windows XP is not even supported by Microsoft itself anymore, you have much bigger problems than SSL Support on it. Seems just very English oriented you mean ? Not even western. Just look at the best pairing list, even if it goes well together, it's clearly not what I would put in the list myself. There is about:memory but it's not exactly as good as this indeed. Why not rethinkdb or couchdb then ? Mongo is not the only Javascript friendly document oriented database. On my case it's actually the opposite, I only pay in cash for almost everything and use the card only when necessary or for a large transfer. [EDIT: Thanks, I have one now :)]. Does anyone has an invite for Keybase by the way ? I've signed-up a while ago but the queue is probably to long. It seems a really promising service. On my case, I've just migrated my domains to use letsencrypt, even if it's just in beta, it's so so much easier compared to 100% manual previous solutions ! Even if it's not domains with a huge trafic, I feel I'm doing my part to help ! Here is my Nginx config for let's encrypt on my case, feel free to criticize or copy it: https://gist.github.com/alex-min/158f35f604b24e163ae9 . I've managed to get a A+ on the ssllab test so it should not be too bad I believe (but I'm not an expert so if you have some idea for improvements, I would be glad). I wanted to add it but I've seen all these warnings on the Internet about it and I'm not so sure I will be able to manage it if it does not work as expected. I've added X-Frame-Options, Strict-Transport-Security, X-Xss-Protection and X-Content-Type-Options because they have very few side-effects but I'm a bit afraid of HPKP. They don't know the difference between both because everything has been done to make no difference between them. Before they where pink, then they were white-ish, now they are completely white (like the results), now side ads are moved and pushed to the list of results along with the rest, which makes it even harder for average users to see a difference. But yeah, I'm sure making ads look like results brings more clicks. The downside of that is Google basically becomes more and more unusable for queries directly generating money (like "buy "). I absolutely don't understand the point this website is trying to make, apart from "Norway is backed by big oil", which is true and the suicide part (which cannot be linked clearly to the economic model), everything else is either really subjective or does not account for the difference of purchasing power in the different countries. EDIT: Because I was downvoted: > "1. Scandinavia isn’t really all that socialist" Socialism does not have the same meaning in Europe and in the US and apparently, this was forgotten. They are liberal socialist countries, if you prefer. > "2. Scandinavia isn’t actually as prosperous as liberals like to claim" Raw GDP is unrelated how people actually live, I don't get this point. > 3. Scandinavians have lower gross and disposable incomes There is no mention of purchasing power, you can't buy the same things with the same salary in Dollars, it's comparing apples and oranges. > 4. But money isn’t everything! What about the poor? There is no mention anywhere in this part of the poverty rate of the different countries, just a graph of the poverty in the US (which does not argue for his point). > 5. Norway is backed by big oil Yes, and what about the other ones ? > 6. Scandinavians aren’t as happy as Americans Suicide rates are much much more than just economics themselves, and I don't understand why this is there. so it's either full communist dictatorship or wild west capitalism ? I thought the cold war propaganda was over by now. In France Viadeo is really strong, it's probably 50/50 with LinkedIn and most people have both, I guess every country has their own local equivalent. GDP per capita is only the average right ? Because nowadays with the income inequality, I would consider looking at medians to be more accurate. And millennials are not the only generation currently alive so even a median would not help here. The problem of doing this is you end-up with something like the Win32 API, with decade of undocumented methods people called that you must support 10 years after because some critical applications are crashing. Could we also add to this list "the first name comes always first ?", I expect my last name to be entered and displayed first. Postal code in France is an effectively an area code (which can be quite large) so it does not help you to find the house/building, the main goal of it is to dispatch mail. Yes, French indeed, well-spotted ! I also enter the last name in capital case, that's part of writing it like this 1000s of times in school. By the way, for people reading this, from my own experience, at least 30/40% of French people will put the last name first in the form, whatever the text says, so to get better data, the best thing is to put them in the order (last name / first name) for them to reduce the number of errors. I think it's the opposite for me, using cash makes it way easier to get an idea of how much I spend. I use the ATM three times per month with 100 pounds each so 300 pound/month in normal expenses. With card I would need to to an addition of everything per month. I came on the website expecting some complex XSS attack and I just found a form validation exploit straight from the 90's, I can't believe it was not checked... Technically, they probably won't see the difference between Phonesky and the actual Google Play Store if they mimic enough the APIs. The problem is more legally if that's possible, I'm not a lawyer but technically, it will be really difficult to stop. Here is also my config if anyone is interested (also A+ on ssllabs.com): https://gist.github.com/alex-min/158f35f604b24e163ae9 , feel free to copy it. (or suggest improvements !) I also recommand https://sslcatch.com which sends you a warning email if your certificate is about to expire. I have a crontab to renew it but this can be also helpful just in case. That's indeed true. Android phones are not still really updated often and I guess they need to keep backward compatibility for lots of things limiting their options for this kind of tricks. French here, France is the complete opposite of an efficient government. The bureaucracy is massive and everywhere. It's quite outside of the scope of this topic but the short answer is don't create a company there. Also expat on my case (London). Yes indeed I agree. My problem with the French system is more the bureaucracy than anything else. I'm from the countryside in a post-industrial area so it makes it even worse than in cities. I have a brother who has a shop and honestly, it's impossible to manage the paperwork nowadays, I don't want to put any anecdotes here because people won't beleive me and I will probably be downvoted. I think around ~70% of the shops in the area are close to bankruptcy and the system is crashing really hard currently. If it stays like this, everyone will be relying on some sort of black market to purchase goods in less than 10 years. While I guess main cities are still okay, things are not really working anymore in remote areas. * Determining Gender of an (american) Name [...] Still impressive but it would be interesting to see the result for other countries. Maybe for some countries, the gender could be harder or easier to guess. I can see how some people would use this to try to reconstruct a database where gender is missing. On Firefox, IndexDB throws an InvalidStateError only on private mode, I'm sure there are equivalents for Chrome. You can try that in the console of Firefox: var request = window.indexedDB.open("MyTestDatabase", 3);request.onerror = function (event) { if (event.target.error.name === 'InvalidStateError') alert('private mode')} kill(2) unlike it's name actually sends any signal to a pid, not only SIGKILL. Other signals are used for various purpose. SIGINT is for example used when using Ctrl-C on a terminal. Which government are you even talking about ? All of them ? The Internet is still global. I hope it has improved since last time I've worked with it (3 years maybe now ?). But on top of my head this were the problems I faced (probably not up do date now, I hope it's much better now): - The emulator was slow as hell - Impossible to resize the emulator window dynamically so testing is really slow and painful - Bugs with manufacturer roms & drivers (hello Samsung !) So you have to test with a lot of devices without guarantee it will work - you have to copy all the fields yourself when your device pass in portrait mode since everything is being erased (even text fields) - You need to create some strange XML for just about everything, nothing really works by default. - No package manager for the libraries, you have to copy some random .jar here and there - Really poor API. No usable date picker (I'm discarding the default one here), no file picker, no contact manager you can inherit from in built-in, you had to reimplement everything yourself, even a button with an image on it you had to do it yourself. - Poor consistency in the XML names, it was difficult to guess what meant what. - The documentation was also hard to browse - The permission system is close to broken (they are working on that at the moment apparently). - If your APK is too large, APK expansions (can't remember the exact name now) API's were borderline broken and buggy. - SD card management was a mess. - Everything related to layout was difficult to get it right and nothing would ever resize right unless you put a lot of effort into it (the opposite of the web on this). - Android browser was close to unusable but now that I've checked a recent version, it seems they solved that. I thought the same, I thought it was just going to redirect to a standard login page. Facebook is honestly not that bad on this because your "friends" circle makes it harder for a post to go completely viral. Twitter on the other hand is really dangerous because you can just make a tweet which pisses off some random celebrity and face a huge backlash, this is really scary. For the malnutrition, North Koreans are smaller on average, and they even have trouble to recruit for their army, this cannot lie. The abuses and problems of North Korea are also very well documented. Same reaction on my case. A Polygraph test (?!?), we are supposed to be in 2016 now ! Is that antique method seriously still used in the US ? It looks like a joke. Better throwing a dice at that point. https://github.com/hacksparrow/safe-eval/blob/master/index.j... Maybe it's not a nice idea to use Math.random for secure and unique keys. What's about all these comparisons with software in this thread ? It's completely irrelevant. Crops are used for people to eat, it's their means of survival. Microsoft can do what they want, it's still software, there is no comparison possible. We should not be able patent/copyright seeds at all for obvious reasons, it's what people use to survive every day... And if that means that Monsanto will die and the research should be made public, then I'm all for it. No company should have that kind of power at all. I can't believe there is people disagreeing with that here... Like if copyright law was somehow more important than feeding people... Because copyright law cannot more important than feeding people and it obviously should not be. You cannot compare other non-essential technologies with farming on the same level. Farmers have almost no leverage ... It's one of the lowest paid and most difficult job of the modern world. In practice, in relation to what they produce, they are already paid really close to zero so I'm not sure what's your point. You cannot seriously compare farmers with a global company like Monsanto. And I'm talking about copyright/patent laws here, not wages, so it's even less related. Yes exactly, I agree with that. That's why there is inherently a conflict between what the market should provide as a goal (openly reusable seeds) and the incentives to create them (making them private is the only way to properly get money out of it). That's why, because of this conflict, I'm not advocating for private company to product seeds, it's one of those markets (like health-care or public infrastructure) where the incentives will never be align whatever law you put in place. I would therefore advocate to move seeds to public research. And I also agree with the technology part but none of what I can think of has similar problems to the seeds. Prepare yourself for the downvotes... Every time you suggest that some people are payed too much relative to others in the society which creates massive inequality you have a rush of libertarians trying to justify that it works as expected. Mine looks similar to yours but even a bit lighter than your screenshot, it's really totaly unredable even when selecting the text. I could also add The Night/Day watch books to this list. Even if you have a dark side and a light side actually, not everything is black and white when you dig a bit. He does not even have a Wikipedia page in Spanish and the English one has been created just for the murderer, it does not look like he's a major politician. Still a murder, but given the current safety of Venezuela, it could also sadly be another murder like any others I guess. On my case, I've tried to wait until the last moment to join it, I thought it would just be a fad and that the website would die quickly. Unfortunately, it seems the only way to get some news from my friends at the moment... He is probably not American. A unique european language is the last thing I wish to Europe. It's what's making Europe so rich in terms of culture. And a language is also representing a whole culture, there's is just concepts you can't express in other languages, it's not only communication. By the way, I know it's HN and people here are more internationalized and pro-globalisation than the average but the actual reality on the ground is that the far right and nationalism is growing in most EU countries and the current trend is to limit the EU, not expand it even further. Languages are not only strictly for communication and not everything has to be linked to increasing economic value either surprisingly. I guess he was probably surprised since ladies doing computer science masters in Iran must not be that common I guess. I understood it this way. And also Google groups sadly... I hate this website so much... I'm not even sure if they still have any communist goal, it looks just like any other authoritarian government now, it's probably only communist by name. As a good example of this problem, I remember the new Metro (or whatever it's called now) calculator taking a whole screen on a 22". Yes it worked, but it looked really terrible and unusable. As a French with a strong accent, Siri probably understands only half of what I say and I have to make lots of efforts. How the parties are positioned depends indeed on the country. As an example, on our case in France, there is the "Front de Gauche" which would probably be considered communist in the US/UK whereas on our case, we have the actual communists, in the traditional sense. Religion also plays close to no parts in politics and conservative and republican means a very very different thing. Most of the English news I see report quite wrongly on the subject. Can we also bring water bottles ? Water bottles do NOT explode, even by throwing them really hard on the ground, I'm pretty positive about that. All the laws are judged on intent, not on the exact wording, why would finance laws be any different than the other ones ? If 8 years changed nothing, 15 years likely won't change much. Then you can say "but we can put him for life !", so just kill him then, same result except he won't suffer. (also French) I already see something along "To view this website, please use Android greater than 6.0.". It looks a nice idea from the outside but in practice, it will lead to a more fragmented, insecure and bloated version of the web for Android users. Unpopular opinion on HN, but people are mostly liberals when the current system works for them and it's even more visible as observe the political spectrum outside the US. It's easier to say "the market solves everything" when it works for you. When it does not work for them, they turn either to the right or the left side. As the current system is mostly falling apart for the middle class, you then have a raising far-left and far-right as a consequence. That's also why the vast majority of rich people are liberals. Oh interesting, I'm indeed French and it's interesting to see that it does not mean the same thing, I've misinterpreted parts of the article then. Actually, even on wikipedia, the content between the same pages is completely different, interesting to see ! That's the theory, in practice with the very short support and the vendor versions, Android just never gets updated. People are just buying new phones. No phone network for me why I go back to my parents place so it's complicated. You can use mbasic.facebook.com to see/reply to messages and m.facebook.com for browsing facebook, that's what I do, still better than the app. in French, they probably put the most unused words they could find in the dictionnary. As an example, you have 'maussaderie', 'taniser', 'houblonner', 'époussette' or 'numismate'. I'm sure a good proportion of native speakers would have to use a dictionnary to find the meaning. In the last 100 years yes, there is no debate on this. However, since the mid-80s / 90s, the middle class has been completely crushed to a no return point (in most developed countries, not only the UK) and pretending the system is still working is at best dishonest. We are not even in a financial crisis right now but the system never recovered at all from 2008, in almost 10 years now. I can only guess what will happen on the next crisis... Having a jobless society where all the stability and balance of power is based on jobs is obviously not working very well at the moment. Mine is also a bit off... http://i.imgur.com/klwgKbS.png I was about to say the same thing, is there any platform Skype is actually reliable ? I had problems with Linux, Windows and Android. The situation in France is way worse that what can be seen in the media, 3 months of major strikes with even petrol shortage in half of the country, the president has only 13% support, the lowest of the 5th republic. They even had gunshots on the main building of the party. The socialist party (equivalent of UK's labour) is dead as dead and I expect it to break into pieces as people are going to create new left parties. On the left side, the far left is almost guarantee to win. On the right side, the party is weak and polluted by internal fights and if they choose the wrong candidate, they are also dead. The country is the most anti-EU country in Europe, even more than the UK, only Greece is toping France on that aspect. Although it's not for the same reasons as the UK. The next election, only in April is going to be pretty intense. It's not so much the HTTPS but the logs, the server logs are not necessary designed to store all the users passwords. On my case that's the opposite, I've almost never heard people pronouncing the official way and always heard "n-jinks", that's how I pronounce it myself. I know about the rationals of the official pronunciation but never got used to it. French is absolutely not endangered at all, there is no risk for the language dying in the next 50 years with that much speakers. The number of speakers is actually growing (along with the other top 15 languages). The languages we are speaking about might only have a handful of people from the older generation speaking it. The French legacy dialects actually are on the other hand endangered. Just some small feedback but since it's for developers, you might want to add authentication via Github accounts. It's ironically becoming almost more complicated to get legal content than just pirating it. It's exactly like democracy, no one wants democracy when it goes against what they personally want. It's more like 90% in Europe, it's a monopoly in practice. Bing, unlike in the US, has a very low market share. I expected much more from the BBC than some stupid "our intelligence is better you see !!" article. No it's not the intelligence which prevented anything, it's the fact that strategically, the UK is a much less desirable target than France. No amount of intelligence could have prevented what happened in Nice and Paris and saying the opposite is trying to rewrite history. So much revisionism (and bad history) in this whole thread... No, Stalinism does not represent communism as a whole and Stalin was very controversial even at that time. "Communism did not work in practice" - by which metric ? The Soviet Union transformed itself into a world superpower from an backward agricultural undeveloped nation in just 40 years while fighting two world wars and losing almost all their male population. That in itself is a pretty amazing feat in itself. Not to take into account the countless inventions we owe to the Soviet Union today, it was a very productive place for scientists. Ironically, it's the social policy of the Soviet Union which had the most issues since during most of its history, it was a brutal dictatorship sending opponents (and even random people) to Gulags. Oh that make sense then ! I never understood why most of the notes apps on my smartphone were yellow and not white, I found it bizarre and assumed it was some kind of fashion, it must be international differences then. They also claim their security theater works, they can claim whatever they want. As a French, I'm the only one who can speak/read English of my whole family (regardless of the age). I remember the days of Firefox 2 and it was consuming even a bit more than that, which was a disaster if you compare the amount of RAM available back then (And I'm not even talking about speed here). If people had the same reasoning before, you would have no telephone, no roads, no trains and no postal system. Venezeula failed because it depended entirely on the petrol price, they put all their eggs in one basket, nothing related to their socialist polices, it would have crashed with whatever government in place, they are not even really socialist either if you ask me. The free market without intervention is a pipe dream, the natural state of most industries is to form a monopoly to protect their interests. First you have cooperatives, then conglomerates and at some point there is no competition anymore. There is no incentive either without regulation to protect the consumer, you would just end up with a market full of fakes to get a quick buck and you could not even guarantee the safety of what you are buying, not sure I want to live in that world. Somehow related to this article, I recommend reading the interesting SF novel "Depth" by Lev Ac Rosen ( https://www.amazon.co.uk/Depth-Lev-AC-Rosen-ebook/dp/B00XGXA... ). The novel takes place in a future where New York is underwater and life is now arranged on the skyscrapers that are high enough to step outside. The isolation of the city, culturally and physically from the mainland affected a lot the city and this aspect is highly detailed in the novel. Profitability does not necessarily correlate with better life for customers, it all depends specifically on the subject. Averts are entirely set up from the point of view of businesses, people can live better without ads, businesses need them because another competing business is also doing advertisement, it's just an arms race. Advertising and its growth is a cancer in our society, it destroy society values just for a quick buck and provides zero value to our society. I can't wait to see that die. I can't believe some of the smartest people we have out there spend all their lives making people click on ads, this is totally insane. Advertising is just oppression by private companies, I don't see any difference with government ads. Except that because there is a profit in private advertising, it's even more invasive and everywhere. Not all propaganda posters were about destructing free will, some of them were also for improving the social status quo. Example: "I will be a chemist" - USRR, 1964 - http://i.imgur.com/DTMN0MY.jpg . And I don't compare labour camps with advertising. I compare governments ads "work harder for your country" and private ads "you look ugly, you should buy some of our makeup". Private ads are all about destroying free will too, that's exactly their point. Income is absolutely not proportional to harder work at all, not sure what is your point. I feel stupid now, I've been using htop for years and never noticed that... Because it's not any good, it's a medical device And so what? Putin did not write the emails, maybe focusing on the leaks would be better than blaming Russia all the time. > So yes that power is vested in the citizens Not in the US, this power is granted to the Electoral College. > To state that the US is the least democratic of any democracy today is just absurd Of course if you compare to extreme examples like Russia, Nigeria and the Democratic Republic of Congo, the US is a heaven of democracy. Compared to most western countries, it falls behind. I guess we come from different backgrounds, what puts me off on a mac is the inconsistency between Control and Command shortcuts which makes it even worse on a terminal app, I prefer the Linux ones. I must live in a parallel dimension. I never got why people like OSX to develop web apps, it's a different system from the server, lots of tricks are needed to make it work invisibly (either with a VM or a lighter equivalent), there's the Control/Command non-standard placement, the different keyboard layout, Terminal.app which is borderline unusable (almost as bad as cmd.exe), no package manager and the shell commands which all seem (very) outdated. I'm not making any comments on the UI itself because it's subjective but I also find the UI a bit strange and not very intuitive myself. Yeah sure, you can configure all of this and have something which works but why not using a Linux (whatever flavour you prefer?), everything is just there already. Every time I use my colleagues Macs, I just feel completely powerless and I feel that everything is getting in my way to prevent me to do something. It looks like this if I remember? http://www.thewwwblog.com/images/apple/traceroute-terminal-a... So the contrast is to bright, there is no tabs either from what I remember, The font itself looks bad, is not anti-aliased and also everything is way too small by default. It looks like some kind of 80's monitor that got somehow transformed into an app. Actually, to find this image I just typed "osx terminal.app" on Google and the first two results where already to replace it with another alternative so I don't think it's really popular. > there is a package manager ( homebrew ) & also there is iTerm Yeah sure, if you install some tooling it then becomes fine, but you need to install that. > Linux on the other hand does not have mature desktop environment, Safari, Sketch, Photoshop and a lot of other really good software that comes built-in with OS X. I don't use any design app personally so I can't comment on that. I also forgot to comment on Safari but I also hate Safari as a developer, I find that it lacks in the tooling part and prefer Firefox (I alternatively use Chrome also sometimes). I'm not also a fan of Safari's UI personally. On the desktop environment part, I also forgot to add that I hate the file manager which prevents you to see the path, maybe there is a way to configure that somehow? When I use my colleagues computers, I always use the terminal instead of the file manager to browse because of this. Appart from Slackware (is that still the case?), I don't know any distro which comes without package manager. Industrialisation and capitalism are not synonymous, industrialisation happened on both regimes and actually even started under monarchy. You seem to forget the second world war somewhere... That's not socialism which killed all those Russians, just the Stalingrad battle alone killed 1.2 million soviets. I see the propaganda of the cold war is still alive and well! When Venezuela is falling, it's the fault of socialism, however when Haiti is completely broken compared to Cuba, this time, it's not a failure of capitalism, it's the fault of external factors! The famines obviously did not kill 100 million people then, it's more than the total number of deaths of the second world war... It could just be like any Linux distribution where you have a root user you can 'su' with? There still seems to be some display issues on the header, this is how it looks like on my phone: http://oi64.tinypic.com/125miwj.jpg (and it's blinking). Competition is not the issue, it's private healthcare itself. There is not a single country I know of where private healthcare works. I did not explain very well my thoughts on this. By "works", I mean healthcare as a commodity that everyone (including the poorest) can afford. In order to exist, the private system has to be better than the public one, which means better facilities, top doctors and therefore higher prices. The reason the public service is terrible is because the private system exists, top doctors are going private to get better salaries and the public one will never improve. I'm pretty sure the private healthcare in Thailand is very good, but the only reason it's affordable for us is the difference of the cost of life, I doubt a farmer there can afford those services. Because TheDonald is a mix of racism, sexism , it's not a political view and it's affecting the whole site now. Absolute free speech can have real consequences, here's a sad example from the Rwandan Genocide (copied from Wikipedia): > The Power groups also believed that the national radio station, Radio Rwanda, had become too liberal and supportive of the opposition; they founded a new radio station, Radio Télévision Libre des Mille Collines (RTLMC), which broadcast racist propaganda, obscene jokes and music, becoming very popular throughout the country.[89] One study finds that approximately 10% of the overall violence during the Rwandan genocide can be attributed to this new radio station. Then they must be disillusioned because the sub is indeed racist. A small extract from r/The_Donald: > There are already loud voices saying Paris isn't Paris anymore, with more african/middle eastern faces than french ones, it's not surprising. (+124 points) > So much cultural enrichment, how would our nation ever survive with out such multiculturalism and diversity? (+44 points) > No mention of race or religion? Guess that only means one thing. on another one: > Arabic? Don't you mean Swedish? I just took a random thread, there's probably 100s of others. Just route everything though a 4G router and change the prepaid sim card every month, it's honestly the best way for now. With Three it's unlimited for 25 pounds, I use around 100GB/month. This used to be true. Nowadays, some corporations have more power than states and have more money in the bank than the whole GDP of multiple countries. Corporations can steal income and can indeed kill people, they are just not powerful enough to do it in the western world yet. Corporations do regulate industrial practices a lot through massive lobbyism, the examples are countless. Indeed, that's a good point and I'm aware of that. They can absolutely track me given enough effort; they probably do it anyway since I'm a developer, I just try to make it a bit costlier for them I guess. For now, I don't bother much rotating vendors but it should be something I do indeed! There are indeed places in the US without running water right now (see Flint as an example). I also don't think comparing with in development countries is relevant. The extreme poverty in the US can honestly be worse than Cuban poverty. When you are an island, you HAVE to trade, you can be capitalist, communist or even monarchist, at some point you need goods from other places. When you are an island, you HAVE to trade, you can be capitalist, communist or even monarchist, at some point you need goods from other places. I have honestly seen the exact same thing. I was rating myself quite average or just below average. I found actually that as a web developer, if you have a general culture of lower level computing and can produce readable and maintainable code, you are already in the top 10%. I honestly don't know why this is downvoted, I pretty much agree with everything here. The current situation is pretty much a result of politics and policies, not technical issues which can't be solved. I check the Fluor ppm and pick the most inexpensive one with the highest ppm personally I'm not really convinced on the first part, any citizen can be coerced or blackmailed providing they are acting against some interests, not only politicians and this kind of exception does not prevent that. What about journalists or random activists? it's generally opposed to multiculturalism because the dominant mentality in France is integrationism, not multiculturalism, it's the opposite approach to the US/UK. I know some close friends who have spent a long time with them and they are only saying good things about them. I can only say good things about the Zenbook. It also has an amazing linux support, just one package to install for the two finger scrolling on Ubuntu and that's it, no issues whatsoever. > Remove Belarusian (be) locale Anyone knows why they removed it by curiosity? That's very sad, I've heard the language is slowly dying and replaced by Russian, it's probably harder to find younger people contributing. I think there might be few small historical reasons why you can't say that... It's the US view of absolute free speech which is borderline idiotic. Absolute free speech can have real consequences, here's a sad example from the Rwandan Genocide (copied from Wikipedia): > The Power groups also believed that the national radio station, Radio Rwanda, had become too liberal and supportive of the opposition; they founded a new radio station, Radio Télévision Libre des Mille Collines (RTLMC), which broadcast racist propaganda, obscene jokes and music, becoming very popular throughout the country.[89] One study finds that approximately 10% of the overall violence during the Rwandan genocide can be attributed to this new radio station. socialist = banning unlimited soda refills ? seriously ? The freedom of having a society full of overweight people? This decision looks quite reasonable to me and has nothing to do with freedom. is that sarcasm? It's called a public health service! A wonderful thing which avoids becoming a society full of overweight and unhealthy individuals like the United States. Fighting for better health is authoritarianism now? that's a new one. I did not hear that argument when countries are raising cigarette taxes. Australia with one of the highest cigarette tax is also a socialist country then? The laissez faire regarding food in the US does not seem to work very well since the US is one of the worst developed country regarding obesity. I did not downvote you myself but Trump, as a political movement, is really close to fascism. Look yourself at the definition of fascism: http://www.favreau.info/misc/14-points-fascism.php , Trump checks almost all the marks there and it makes a lot of people afraid. It does not mean anything bad is going to happen and it does not mean anything either on Trump supporters, but it's still very concerning. GUIs are subjective, personally I never found the OSX one very intuitive so when I use a Mac on another colleague's computer, the negative part is for me the GUI. We've never tried what? Private schools? I don't see how this would work since schools are always expensive to run by nature and the working class is getting poorer (for those still having a revenue), I don't see this working very well. So you don't want to hear about this argument but you have nothing else against it than "we never tried it"? It's does not seem to be very convincing. It's already difficult for the working class with a free school so I can't imagine it would be better with a non-free one, the alternative to no public schools is simply no schooling at all for some people > How well does the current system educate the poor? You need to ask the US government for that, most public school systems are working well in western Europe so the US must be doing something wrong somewhere. I also hate the Java tooling as well personally, it's my #1 complaint with the language and one of the reason I avoid it. I would say that nothing really follows unix principles and seem over-engineered, everything is quite complex to grasp to become proficient. I've browsed r/altright before the ban and frankly, the ban was a very positive action for the whole website. Doxxing was quite common, harassment against other subreddits as well. r/altright were actuals neo-nazis. They were not like the_donald, you would find nazi posters all the time on their page and ethnic-cleaning memes. r/altright was openly a neo-nazi subreddit, with hitler posters and calls to kills jews, at some point you need to draw a line on what should be there. r/altright was openly a neo-nazi subreddit, with hitler posters, calls to kills jews and harassing other users, at some point you need to draw a line on what should be there. Indeed it makes sense, sorry if I came a bit abrupt. It's just people assumed r/altright was something a bit like r/the_donald but in reality it was more like r/european (which also got banned for doxxing/harrassment of other users as well). I personally not welcome this kind of extreme free speech but I guess everyone has a different ideal of what free speech should be! Just a small question, how did you find coding in rust for your web backend, did you encounter any major issues? To a liberal, every problem is a market problem Hunger stopped because of industrialization of agriculture, not GMO, GMO is a recent invention and people were not starving in the West before it. Most places with hunger are currently facing some sort of war or other internal issues anyway, GMO isn't going to solve that. Let other countries do an industrialization of their agriculture first, then we will see. Windows does have better technical defenses but its attack surface is also much higher due to the thousands of deprecated but still supported older technologies for backward compatibility so I don't know, it's just different problems Nothing? Facebook is not a passport, you can be called whoever you want on it. Ah okay, I did not get that, it's quite an extreme view... The best they should be able to do legally is close your account, nothing more. > I've noticed the resurgence in Anglo nations of religion, post 9/11, overwhelmingly from the US For a perspective on other countries, I'm French and thought religion was a dead thing of history until I was 14 and went to Ireland in a family, I used to think it was part of history like the second world war and the revolution. Maybe with ReactOS it could work? My problem for putting business logic in the db is not so much about performance but readability, custom sql scripts are very hard to maintain... Fillon stance against migrants is very harsh and even harsher than the far-right on some aspects, apparently, having a hard stance on immigrants is not enough to prevent people to vote for the far-right. I don't even get why would would need any contact info on a domain in the first place? It's just supposed to map ips to names, it should be registrable without anything but an email address to recover it if needed. The issue is in this case big companies, not big governments. This issue happens specifically because Samsung is bigger than the government and becoming its own government in itself, you don't see small companies bribing the Korean government Unpopular advice here in HN but I honestly advice people to think twice about devoting all their career to technologies made and developed for a single company, there are some big risks there, you never know what Apple will do in the future. I'm not advocating for Android instead, I'm personally not a fan of mobile apps myself. What I'm saying is you never know what's going to happen on a single heavily controlled platform. In 2 years time, Apple can create a competitor to your app and ban you (happened), create new guidelines so you can't publish your app anymore (happened), change search algorithms and your app drops (happened?), remove you for political disagreements (happened), remove your app because of API deprecations and non-backward compatibility (happened). Developing on a platform like this in inherently risky, this is probably fine for (most) companies but I would advice developers to avoid devoting all their careers to a single platform and try to diversify a bit in case something happens in the future. Last time I've tried to argue for the French ban of unlimited soda refills, I was called a "Stalinist" so I probably won't say much on this one. I hope it will help to reduce their obesity rates. You should not be able to send automated takedown requests either in the first place I personally never had any issue with Fastmail in about 2 years, it seems very reliable In France it's in 15/30cm, using imperial would sound incredibly weird and outdated. I'm French so I'll pass on that one... The web is supposed to be an open platform, if you don't want to share your intellectual work, you don't have to publish on it. It still is to some degree, even nowadays! Even in very closed platforms like Facebook. Depends on your culture and point of view regarding the state, as a French myself, I think asking religion/race on a form is offensive and outside of the role of a state (same for schools as well). I don't see most of these issues in European countries with ID cards. Anyway, you need to have a way to identify citizen for practical purpose anyway, if it's not an ID card, it's going to be something less reliable and prone to errors. China is only communist in name nowadays, they even have a stock market. Maybe it's in the context of a malware? You are probably not an Indian construction worker. I personally don't believe copyright as a concept is reasonable but even if you do, viewing content you downloaded as you wish seems fair to me. Like DRM is not a perversion of basic free market anyway... (and you are mixing capitalism and free market which are not synonyms). I would really like to have a Linux-style OS on my smartphone and not the bloated Android Java which looks like the Win32 API re-engineered for smartphones. I've never seen any software worth patenting unlike with other disciplines, maybe it would help the case for software patents if they would be a need for it Is that seriously how the driving license looks like in the US? It looks like a student card, I understand why it's easy to duplicate now. Yes but in France you have an ID card, you don't need the driving license to identify you. They are social-democrat, not socialists. The country is paying more for healthcare in the US as well, the single payer healthcare is just much more efficient.