Hi. I'm Will Cipriano and I have been working in healthcare IT for 5+ years and in healthcare software development for the last 3. Location: Philadelphia, PA Remote: Yes Willing to relocate: Possible Technologies: I mainly work with Python and vanilla JS, I also have deployed Java and Jquery/Bootstrap apps into production. Knowledgeable about REST api's, sql databases and no sql. Résumé/CV: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Y0r5j3yu5TUkLWMIeCr_rBef9uO... Email: See resume You may be talking about iodine: https://code.kryo.se/iodine/ You can host it yourself. Try the "track motion" feature, mind blowing doing that in the browser. One possible method: Write a script to request the site continuously and see if it fails to respond with any regularity. From there you can start dialing it in and determine what the rate limit actually is. A rate limit should be consistently reproducible unless it's implemented in a clever way. The nature of executive compensation is often different than rank and file employees. A common trick is to say "The leadership team took a 30% paycut, so the 10% paycut you are taking isn't so bad" however executive pay is often split between equity, bonus and base compensation with equity and bonus making up more than 50% of the total comp. Often when they say 30% they are talking about 30% of base. Hi. I'm Will Cipriano and I have been working in healthcare IT for 5+ years and in healthcare software development for the last 3. Location: Philadelphia, PA Remote: Yes Willing to relocate: Possible Technologies: I mainly work with Python and vanilla JS, I also have deployed Java and Jquery/Bootstrap apps into production. Knowledgeable about REST api's, sql databases and no sql. Résumé/CV: https://thoughts.willcipriano.com/contact/ Email: See resume Disqus was baked into the template I used for my blog so I kept it: https://thoughts.willcipriano.com/weird-python-tricks/ It works well and is simple to implement. One hour later and 2151 in line ahead of me, talk about exponential growth. https://www.fastorslow.com/app/profile/244179fc-78d2-5cf3-8c... > allocation free algorithms Do you have any good sources for information about this concept? I'm having trouble understanding how a algorithm could produce useful work without allocating anything. locutusofb.org has not turned out to be a boon for me either. I'd volunteer to present on the QVC-for-software-demos livestream if such a thing existed. The question is, is it the exam developers task to produce software that works in the world as it is or the world as they would like it to be? If the latter this is a roaring success. As I understand a proportion of buybacks generally (maybe not at IBM) were financed by debt. If this was the case they would have to sell enough to cover the debt and interest first. My wife bought into one of these services, the $25 box we received contained about 10 - 15 dollars worth of produce from my local store but at a lower quality. It was also random and often contained undesirable items in large quantities (who needs 12 lemons for the week?, What am I supposed to do with 3 fingerling potatoes?). I used to work in food service and it was pretty obvious to me that they were sourcing items from Sysco or US Foods by the way the items were tagged and packaged. I think the shipping costs eat away any value you could expect from something like this. Even if Texas Instruments implemented SSL the fact that you went there would not be a secret to anyone who can see your packets due to SNI[0]. HTTPS is really only useful when you want to hide the contents of a message, not the recipient. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Server_Name_Indication +1 for jetbrains. I prefer webstorm to visual studio myself and the licensing scheme is very fair. They aren't allowed to opt out, well except for Texas. I've had luck with digital ocean by sending friends emails (who have accounts at major providers) and having them mark it as not spam a few times over the course of a week or two. After that, it worked without issue. From my perspective the growth potential globally is massive, the majority of people on earth live on less than $2.50 a day. This can't be where we stop the wheels of progress. > The 25 vs 15 dollars issue means their business sucks unless they have a value add on top? As I am buying "less desirable produce" (from what I can tell it all came from normal cases that a restaurant would order, I think this fools some people as they aren't used to seeing produce that still has dirt on it and is less presentable like that) I would expect more of it for my money, not less. I understand they have to pay for shipping but it's not as if I don't have to go to the grocery store anyway, maybe I just don't see the value proposition, for us it just wasn't there. >If you were getting 15 lemons per week, maybe contract the vendor and try to address the issue? Even if the product was more evenly distributed it wasn't enough for it to provide value for me. That point was just the final nail in the coffin. If you have two solutions and the first solution requires humans behave in a certain manner (getting them to use high entropy passwords) and the second does not. The second is more secure. I've done something like this [0], postfix sends a nice rejection message the next time they try to connect. Ironically I've had people email me that rejecting their spam is filling up their inbox with error messages. [0] https://blog.tinned-software.net/permanently-reject-a-specif... The method you purpose is less secure as humans often use low entropy passwords even when you ask them not to. If you are building a system only for humans that use high entropy passwords (are you really willing to bet the farm on that just to save a couple clock cycles) or other machines it might work but I also see no benefit to that approach so you might as well just bcrypt it and call it a day anyway. >it’s not reasonable to demand universities operate at a loss to provide the remote education at a rate less than it costs them to operate I feel its not reasonable to ask students to pay more than fair market value for what they receive regardless of operational costs. They should refund up to what similar online schools charge today. If it costs the auto dealer as much as a new BMW to deliver a used Toyota, that isn't my problem I'm only paying used Toyota pricing or I'm taking the matter to court. I can more easily change grocery stores than I am able to change colleges. Credits aren't often 100% transferable, also a degree from another school may be less valuable but also less costly, therefore the money I already spent on the more expensive degree may be lost. In my case this isn't it. What happens is during the connection process the server on the other side first announces what email its sending from, at that point my server responds with a reject message and closes the connection. I don't think my server even sees the subject or body. My server doesn't send a email, but instead that email is generated by the sending server to let the user know the message was rejected. This error message is often delivered to a catchall account, they are often configured with small mailboxes, that box fills up, throws alerts and ticks off a sysadmin somewhere. I only do this in cases where it's easier to SSH into my box and configure it than unsubscribe, and never to random address spam as that is wack-a-mole and futile. I think the sending servers may also be misconfigured to get around greylisting. As sometimes they will try repeatedly to deliver to me. My server dutifully rejects each attempt and the messages pile up on the other side. Hi. I'm Will Cipriano and I have been working in healthcare IT for 5+ years and in healthcare software development for the last 3. I like Python and Flask. Location: Philadelphia, PA Remote: Yes Willing to relocate: No Technologies: I mainly work with Python, Java and vanilla JS, I also have deployed Java and Jquery/Bootstrap apps into production. Knowledgeable about REST api's, sql databases and no sql. I have a good bit of devops skills but I'm looking for software engineer roles at the moment. Résumé/CV: https://resume.willcipriano.com Contact: https://thoughts.willcipriano.com/contact/ Weevs AT&T 'hack' (unsecured api) is the first thing that comes to mind. With infinite scrolling what's a page? If compared to European countries the US has higher wages generally, is it possible this effect is due to wages in those economies being at or near the wage floor already? >This is widely cited as the reason that teachers earn less than other professions, and why garbage collectors earn more. Looks like the median pay for garbage collectors is $37,840[0] and for teachers it is $59,420[1] [0] https://www.bls.gov/oes/current/oes537081.htm [1] https://www.bls.gov/ooh/education-training-and-library/mobil... This is the sort of thing that I see and I feel disappointed that I didn't come up with the idea myself. Great work. It would probably be hard to find a rental during that period, as legally you wouldn't have to pay to occupy the space. Though landlords might be cash strapped enough to let you move in to get the down payment. I have a personal license, you can absolutely subscribe without a company. > interns > more than 10 years ago How that looks to me: Wow, that application has provided so much business value (over a decade worth) despite being designed by less experienced software engineers. PHP must be a great language. Years ago I took a job that was headquartered outside of my state. Did a phone interview or two and then got a offer letter by email that I accepted. A couple of weeks later they flew me out to the HQ for my first day paperwork and to meet everyone. When I arrived they had a number of contracts that I had to sign as a condition of employment, I was in a position to agree with them but made a mental note that in future I should get a copy of any contracts that I am going to be required to sign on the first day before accepting a offer. It would be terrible to give notice at a job and then on the first day at the new role be given a contract that you have concerns about. I ask "Before I accept a offer of employment, would it be possible to see any contracts, employee handbooks, etc I would have to sign on my first day?" and you would not believe the push back I get from that question. I often hear "We don't share our employee handbook" or things to that effect. I explain that it is impossible to evaluate a offer that has terms I can't see and often the interviewer shrugs their shoulders and tells me that's just how it is. I guess it works to weed out the jobs with bad terms. However I have a hard time seeing how any of this is enforceable from a legal perspective. > But if a candidate is motivated to take a job because they get to use shiny new technology, i would suggest that they are not, in fact, a good candidate. In my experience the tech stack is good indicator of how technology is viewed at a company. Java and C# shops I have encountered are very process driven, bureaucratic firms. In my experience they are management focused as opposed to tech focused. Where firms that use Python, Node, Haskell, Rust, Go, etc tend to be more tech forward. The reason I want to use "shiny new technology" is because I want to work at the latter as opposed to the former, I'd be happy to write C or PHP even at a tech focused firm but I rarely see jobs like that advertised. I may not be using the best terminology, but what I am talking about are firms where the majority of players consider themselves "non-technical". I haven't found these to be pleasant places to work or places that particularly value software engineers. I wish to work in places where my contributions can be understood and valued by the people I work with. In my experience, if the workload supports it multiprocess works well in Python. The overhead for a new interpreter is cheap and this sidesteps the GIL issue. If you require communication between your 'threads', ZeroMQ(ØMQ) makes this simple and fast. Not the OP but I think it's essentially a event driven system as opposed to real time. Think of a account with $0 in it. 1. A -$25 event comes in 2. A +$50 event comes in 3. A -$25 event comes in The first event would fail in a transactional/real time system, but in my bank it doesn't. This tells me the balance is only calculated every once in a while. The balance you get in a app is only a estimate. This makes sense when you think how slow bank transfers and using paper checks is. At some point it is decided to run the events "for real" and that's where overdrafts and the like are applied. Don't think of them as transactions, instead it's a transaction request that can be rejected. In the US they clear overnight, as I understand (from a previous hn post I can no longer find) it's a big sftp server and flat files. For MongoDB in Python I once had to construct a list of two dictionaries containing dictionaries themselves with various two and three character magical key and value names (eg. $gt) in order to query a collection by date. If that's intuitive I'd hate to use something unintuitive. Oh and MongoDB Compass is a dumpster fire. Query takes too long? Too bad it will time out with no option to let it complete. Also I get to write my query in JSON in compass then I have to convert that to native Python objects if I want to use it from there. With SQL I copy my query from datagrip, inject my parameters and call it a day. I forgot the best bit, if your query has a subtitle mistake most often you simply get no records back where a similar mistake in SQL throws a helpful exception. I got the impression from friends that it was a worse situation in India with relieving letters[0], the way it was explained to me you needed your current companies written permission to start a new job and that is frequently abused. [0] https://workplace.stackexchange.com/questions/20945/what-is-... Similarly, as I understand it In the US most noncompete contracts are actually unenforceable due to the concept of consideration[0]. Every noncompete I've signed offered me nothing of value in exchange for my agreement, they weren't part of the negotiation process and were simply presented with the health insurance and other forms on my first day with a implied "sign this or you don't have a job". However that wouldn't stop someone from calling your new employer and threatening to sue. [0] https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Consideration To an EMT doing chest compression on a dying man is a menial task, but if I did it I would probably bore my family and friends with the tale for the rest of my life. We may be talking about different things. Executives often negotiate a contract that contains a noncompete. That noncompete has clear consideration as it was negotiated as part of a total deal of employment, theoretically the employee is more highly compensated for this term of the contract. However rank and file employees are often not presented with the noncompete contract until their first day of work after salary negotiations have already taken place and the position accepted. Such an agreement probably isn't enforceable[0] as far as I can read[1] as it's hard to argue its part of the employment contract as the contract is signed after you are already employed and have reported for your first day of work[2]. If it was a employment contract it would've came attached to the offer letter. [0]"Performance of existing duties is not good consideration" - https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Consideration [1]"The very basic requirements are that the non-compete must (1) be in writing; (2) be part of an employment contract; (3) be based on valuable consideration; (4) be reasonable in scope of time and of territory; (5) not be against public policy." - https://lincolnderr.com/is-my-non-compete-enforceable/ [2]”One of the most common reasons that courts refuse to enforce Non-Competes is that employers make the mistake of obtaining the agreement from an already-hired employee without providing the employee with anything of value in return. Generally, such agreements are unenforceable because the employee did not receive any additional “consideration.”" - https://macelree.com/the-top-10-mistakes-with-non-competitio... The point is it has a chilling effect[0], fast food restaurants aren't having employees sign noncompetes[1] because they think they have specialized knowledge, the purpose is to reduce churn and therefore training costs. [0] https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chilling_effect [1] https://www.foodandwine.com/news/fast-food-non-compete-agree... Presumably you'd want to retrain the model from time to time and that would require the original material. >I have such a hard time to understand how the risk vs. reward ratio for pulling this stunt made any sense. Classical economics likes to think of firms as rational entities working to maximize profit over the long term. In my experience that makes much of what companies do inexplicable. Instead I view firms as large groups of individuals all acting in their own self interest, this seems more complex but really all you have to know is what the incentive structure is to understand the choices a company makes. Similarly I've found you can also do this in reverse. It is a virtual certainty that from a compensation perspective moving to SMR was better for the individuals who made that choice. Ghost supports tables via markdown. You can embed SoundCloud and YouTube natively for audio. As for gifs and comments here's a link to my ghost blog with a gif as well as comments(disqus) https://thoughts.willcipriano.com/weird-python-tricks/ Embedding third party services may go against the values of some Richard Stallman types, for me however it enables me to host behind cloudflare with a $5 a month digital ocean droplet and not have to worry about getting hugged to death. I can live with the tradeoff. I was not insulted. The links added further reading and more context. I've always called these direct database applications. The implication that the client directly connects to the database without the benefit of a middle tier. Hacker competitions often seem very contrived to me. I suspect that in order for the red team to make any progress you have to tie the blue teams hands behind their backs. Most of what I see from the penetration testing community is pretty gimmicky and situational generally and often doesn't take into account the attackers risk/reward ratio. That's good. Perhaps something like if they can attribute the attack to a particular machine the red team gets "arrested". Diffie–Hellman[0] is pretty cheap, you do it every time you visit a site with SSL enabled. Having the meeting leader do it 200 times to pass around a shared key generated on the client would be e2e and have minimal if any performance impact. There is probably a cleverer way to do it that I'm not aware of as well. Edit: One issue is the client can run out of entropy but I think that would only happen on modern operating systems if you had hundreds of thousands of clients to negotiate with. [0] https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diffie%E2%80%93Hellman_key_e... Even if it was MRI sensitive, never having a MRI again would be a small price to pay for a Parkinson's cure. Offer a 10% tax free finders fee to anyone who finds any wasteful spending like that. $600k once for a $6 million annual savings (and that's before you fire whomever is in charge of auditing the books already) is a steal. Accountants and auditors could work like bug bounty hunters. If similar environmental impact studies cost half as much or if the study was not read by those who ordered it that is a pretty clear case. Some things are ambiguous I admit but I'm willing to bet there is enough low hanging fruit to keep a good number of people employed looking for it. Edit: This is a HN faux pas however, please don't downvote the person above, they added to the discussion. I suspect that may be a common objection and I'm glad to be able to clarify it. > Who defines "similar"? A court of law. > Is a study performed in Texas similar to one performed in California? Is a study performed on land that drains into the municipal water supply similar to one performed on land that doesn't? Are two studies performed near each other location 10 years apart "similar" if new laws have come into existence, or a local species has been declared endangered in the meantime? I don't have the answer to these questions but I wager that we can find experts who do. Presumably firms exist that do hundreds or thousands of studies annually, those firms could testify how they would bid such a project. What the cost structure typically looks like. > How do you prove that those who ordered it did not read the study? A government employee could send a email to the effect that the report was not considered that is later discovered. Alternatively, a whistle-blower may clandestinely gather evidence in order to collect the bounty for themselves. > And what if they did not read the study, but instead read a summary of it prepared by someone qualified who did read the study? That seems like a reasonable use of funds. This isn't going to catch every case, the purpose is to provide a natural check to government corruption and waste. Discoveries made by this system may lead to the judicial branch investigating those who made these choices. The FBI could use these tips to target sting operations. The voting public may use this information to decide whom they are going to elect, and the best part is it's free. You can even benefit from it without bothering with the type annotations (though they make it more effective). https://google.github.io/pytype/ Homomorphic encryption. https://github.com/CEA-LIST/Cingulata My thought was a way to clandestinely destroy enemy electronics. The Wells Fargo model. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wells_Fargo_account_fraud_scan... Yes, with a service like internet you are paying for the previous months service, not the next month so the money is owed even if you cancel the credit card. Netflix bills you for the month upfront, so when you don't pay them simply remove access to the service and you owe nothing. Added to list of projects to keep in mind in future. Great work. I came up with a bad way to share files. It's a website that takes a file, encodes it into a series of URL parameters, and then allows you to put them back together again. (it's really only practical for small text files) https://podje.li/ https://github.com/willcipriano/Podje.li Thank you! Most of the heavy lifting is done by the lz-string library[0], the compression works well for small text files, sometimes the URL out will be shorter than the input in that case. Things like images work out to be hundreds of URLs unfortunately. [0] https://pieroxy.net/blog/pages/lz-string/index.html Another use case, for my daughters first birthday I had a Elmo impersonator (this guy was spot on, you could not tell the difference) make a video with a puppet for her. It was a private thing we shared together not something I publicly shared but her face lit up when "Elmo" said her name and wished her a happy birthday. It's weird to do this for yourself, however it makes a thoughtful gift under the right conditions. > FTL protocol, a streaming protocol based on UDP which had sub 1 second delay times, far far superior to what Twitch is capable of. I don't use/watch any of these platforms but I heard the delay is a feature of Twitch to prevent people from "screen peeking" players when they play online. As I understand it, very far. The materials science isn't there, we have yet to conceive of a material that would be able to carry it's own weight let alone move a useful load. My source: > "No current material exists with sufficiently high tensile strength and sufficiently low density out of which we could construct the cable," he told me. "There's nothing in sight that's strong enough to do it — not even carbon nanotubes." "The best that theorists can do right now is come up with a material that's about two-thirds the strength needed to make a practical elevator," Henson told me. "And that's a very, very short tiny tube."[0] [0] https://io9.gizmodo.com/why-well-probably-never-build-a-spac... “Whether you think you can, or you think you can't--you're right.” ― Henry Ford "There is nothing impossible to him who will try." ― Alexander the Great I know, these sound like platitudes but in my experience they are mostly accurate. I listen to this speech by Arnold Schwarzenegger when I find myself thinking I can't: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bQxqIKTO2Ck It's probably similar to this: https://pieroxy.net/blog/pages/lz-string/index.html Check the 'How does it look?' section. This will happen anytime you put something new online. It's basically a whitelist and they wait until they see a few hits before you get added. > "They don't have flying experience," he said. Yeah, I have no idea how that works. "Just wing it!" but literally. I use cloudflare precisely because I don't want clients hitting the server directly. That's its entire purpose. For both caching and anti-ddos reasons. Go for the gold, make the result for apple a blog post about how apples suggestions are terrible >They are often paid quite well because its dangerous 2019 median pay for a police officer/detective: $65,170[0] 2019 median pay for high school teachers (often cited as underpaid): $61,660[1] [0] https://www.bls.gov/ooh/protective-service/mobile/police-and... [1] https://www.bls.gov/ooh/education-training-and-library/mobil... The 90th percentile of "Secondary School Teachers, Except Special and Career/Technical Education" makes upwards of $99,660[0] per year. [0] https://www.bls.gov/oes/current/oes252031.htm That figure includes detectives, who do often have a degree[0], removing them brings to total down to $63,150[1] for year round work. [0] https://www.learnhowtobecome.org/detective/ [1] https://www.bls.gov/ooh/protective-service/mobile/police-and... A possible solution: Human reaction time is on the order of something like 215ms, if the change happened less than 100ms ago or so, the user probably wanted the previous result as opposed to the current one. Add a additional dialog to confirm? Acting up on my end as well. Looks like a iframe 404ing. I run pi hole as a data point. Looks like it's based on the honor system, the buttons can still be pressed even if you don't put a coin in. Still pretty impressive for cardboard. I work this way and use this method to help keep me on track: https://lifehacker.com/jerry-seinfelds-productivity-secret-2... Isn't that what the big button on the front of the machine is for? Zed Shaw is coming out with a book[0] on the topic, I like his Learn X the Hard Way series so I'll probably pick it up when it arrives. [0] https://learncodethehardway.org/javascript/ I came a bit later than you I suspect but I had a similar experience in my middle school computer lab with NET SEND. https://ss64.com/nt/net-send.html That isn't a salt. Salts are per user, high entropy random strings. I'm a big fan of peppering. It strikes me as a defense in depth move. Say a programmer on your team accidentally pushes code that makes your salt a static value for all users going forward, the pepper might protect user passwords in that case. >I'm not sure anyone would actually want to fly in a heli they knew had forged paperwork I don't know anything about aircraft. However if I was to fly myself one I'd want to know enough about it to verify its safety independently. If I had the skill to verify the safety independently (effectively I'd have to be a pilot/helicopter mechanic), I wouldn't care all that much about the paperwork. No, because the static salt will be stored in the database alongside the passwords. The pepper would be compiled and live in the application layer. The value is minimal but so is the cost. Fair enough, but adding a database column and generating a random string on registration is perhaps a 10 minute job and provides all those benefits plus many more. You've never seen someone break or add a @ignore to a unit test they don't understand in order to push out some code? Unfortunately I have, either way that isn't the only situation where a pepper is useful. It's possible that the programmers who built the system are really bad at security and really good at audit logging but I doubt it. Personally I would take the risk but I understand why others might not want to. I've never reviewed such a change but I've fixed bugs where a test that would've caught the bug was ignored because it caused the build pipeline to fail. My guess the programmer was on a tight deadline and had to ship it so they cut a corner and forgot to get back to it. That's the reality of many if not most organizations, good software engineering is a afterthought compared to the concerns of keeping the lights on day to day. As such I have changed my personal operational model and include as many cheap safeguards as I can when I'm doing something important. This is just one of those things I have in my anti-footgun bag of tricks. Often on Google I see ads right above a organic link to the same site. I wonder if marketing teams count the ad click as a "win" when in fact I was looking for the company because I learned of it via word of mouth. You'd probably be able to cut your ad spend in half and get the same result if the niche is small enough. If only you are buying ad spots for Amish chocolate teapot fans all of the sudden I imagine the price goes down quickly. If you have access to the email account, you have access to the linkedin account (via a password reset). The security argument is entirely baseless. The human mind is incredible, the sound of a car in the distance getting slightly muffled by the body now directly in front of you might cue the subconscious mind that something in the scene has changed triggering you to look up. My guess is all the talk of a sixth sense is just tiny cues from the other senses all getting subconsciously analyzed together. > (1) make it work, (2) make it right, (3) make it fast. I've always disagreed with this. In my view you should make it a habit to write optimized code. This isn't agonizing over minor implementation details but keeping in mind the time complexity of whatever you are writing and working towards a optimal solution from the start. You should know what abstractions in your language are expensive and avoid them. You should know roughly the purpose of a database table you create and add the indexes that make sense even if you don't intend to use them right away. You should know that thousands of method lookups in a tight loop will be slow. You should have a feel for "this is a problem someone else probably solved, is there a optimal implementation I can find somewhere?". You should know when you use a value often and cache it to start with. Over time the gap between writing unoptimized and mostly optimized code gets smaller and smaller just like practice improves any skill. > Modern compilers do a lot of things like inlining and unrolling Smart ones do, I've been writing Java lately and that behavior tends to be unpredictable and rare[0]. I'd use a inline keyword if I had one, or preprocessor directive of some kind if I had that but I don't. I agree it's harder to read but I feel like changing a JVM flag to get a behavior that I want is more inscrutable than having a long method with a comment noting that this in inlined for performance reasons. With modern machines and the price of memory I tend to lean hard to the memory side of the time-memory tradeoff. [0]"First, it uses counters to keep track of how many times we invoke the method. When the method is called more than a specific number of times, it becomes “hot”. This threshold is set to 10,000 by default, but we can configure it via the JVM flag during Java startup. We definitely don't want to inline everything since it would be time-consuming and would produce a huge bytecode." https://www.baeldung.com/jvm-method-inlining >Worse, I don’t think companies or representatives realize how few even a few thousand retweets really are... 1k retweets could mean as little as someone spent $30[0], think about that you could ruin someones life for $30 and you don't even have to get out of bed to do it. [0] https://www.redsocial.net/buy-twitter-retweets/ >Meanwhile, the EU has much stricter regulations regarding employment and the conditions under which employees can be let go. Also much stricter regulations and norms around when you can leave. In the US, two weeks notice is customary but not legally required in the EU its often a three month contractual obligation. I can't help but think that may contribute to the generally lower salaries in the EU vs the US. It was in response to a national wage freeze. Due to WW2 too few workers existed for the jobs available as such any one worker had incredible bargaining power. Wages were frozen by law[0] and firms found other benefits to offer in order to attempt to compete with each over for workers. [0] https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stabilization_Act_of_1942 You know when you were a kid and thought that all the adults had life figured out, then you grew up and discovered that they were just winging it? The older I get I realize the same is true for thought leaders and experts. Nobody will pay you to sit around and tell them that collectively as human beings we don't really have the answer, so what we get is a best guess disguised in a veil of certainty. In my experience personal projects get reviewed so infrequently that I'm not all that worried about someone digging down and evaluating the code quality of a 4+ year old repo. You can petition ICANN if you lost a domain that you paid for. As long as you are the rightful owner it will be returned to you. Keep a active credit card on file with your registrar and keep a credit with them as well. All the horror stories I see are cases where someone stops paying. https://www.icann.org/resources/pages/help/dndr/udrp-en For me, C is the Latin of programming languages. Once you get C the world opens up and learning a new programming language is easy. If prices are only legally allowed to rise so far it will be harder to find investors willing to throw money in the "make prices low to grab market share fire" as the highest possible rate in now 10% regardless of market share. This appears to be the third time they have gone on strike: "The walkout marks the third time Shipt gig workers have gone on strike." My guess is when the financial economy goes bust and those dollars start chasing real economy assets all the inflation we were assured wouldn't happen due to all the money printing will happen all at once. People act like the big short guys were geniuses to see this trend come out of nowhere. I was a teenager asking questions like "How can housing prices rise nationally at a multiple of wage increases for any sustained period of time?" and was short down by the "smart money" on forums not unlike this one. Drop a dime: https://www.fbi.gov/tips Even with a functional court system you can lose it with the stroke of a pen[0]. Physical gold however would require more effort to take from you. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Executive_Order_6102 My task is to implement a model that takes advantage of unified field theory to simulate arbitrary bodies in spacetime, first the mathematical models behind it need to be created then implemented in software. >I panic and put too much effort into trying to figure out what they want to see My approach for take home challenges is this. Often I complete them and never even get any feedback from the firm beyond a form rejection letter. If that is going to be the case anyway I might as well make something I'm proud to have in my portfolio, even if it doesn't line up with exactly what they are asking for. That transforms the work from something that I'm doing for them to something I'm doing for me. I know that's hard when you are unemployed and have bills to pay, but if at the end of the day you have some work that at least meets with your expectations you can retain that bit of your pride. You should follow your own plan, a Nobel prize in physics awaits. If I am going to struggle and have my family live off food stamps, you can be sure some VC isn't getting a dime if it all works out in the end. I've always wondered why the people who designed these things thought that I wanted a exception to be thrown in that case. It seems to be a "enterprise" feature, Java SQL libraries often blow up if they find a column that isn't predefined. >What R&D do you need? CRUD is solved, hosting is solved, UX is solved, scaling is solved, marketing is solved ... If you don't need R&D, doesn't that mean your competitor also doesn't need R&D? Where's the moat? I've been listening to TTC for decades. Prior to MIT and others opening up courses online it was the only way someone like myself could get access to anything like that. In the office, Michael Scott is asked to give a lecture and brings a boombox with the same music the TTC lectures start off with. Its a hilarious in joke if you get the reference. > or outright stealing them They took a page out of Blofeld's book. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/You_Only_Live_Twice_(film) About an hour a day during the work week, a couple hours over the course of the weekend. "Interesting choice using collections.OrderedDict here, why did you choose that?" This is how I get over that hump. Not only do I not work on anything related to my day job, I mostly build things in my free time that aren't really useful to anyone but myself. Sure my company may be able to claim ownership of my Sean Connery themed programming language but will they? What on earth do they plan to do with it? It can tell you something about hiring practices. The quality of the host of a restaurant probably shouldn't tell you about the staff in the kitchen, but in reality if they made the choice to go cheap in the front the the house they also very likely made the same choice in the back. As with all things in life it really depends on how you frame it. As a young man I encountered many people who were unkind, told me that my goals were impossible and mocked me for my ambition. Now that I have succeeded at those aims and continued to grow as a human being it is a great feeling to encounter those people in life and see that they haven't been as successful as I have. I can't help but think that I perhaps wouldn't of made it through all those hard years struggling had more people believed in me, the desire to prove them wrong and get my revenge remains one of my greatest sources of motivation. It appears the difference is I'm using it as a noun and you are using it as a verb. https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/revenge Applied Cryptography[0] is available for $18.97 for a used hardcover copy on Amazon. The only thing that doesn't come with that a classroom does is someone to hold you accountable to read it. [0] https://www.amazon.com/Applied-Cryptography-Protocols-Algori... A researcher having the tools to exclude a particular type of income that throws off a statistic is a different matter than that researcher having the knowledge of those tools or the lack of ideological bias required to use them. If this was another Star Wars, Avengers or The Matrix film I could see people angrily paying $30 but a live action rehash of a second rate children's property? I don't get it, maybe it was more popular than I realize. This is a junior sysadmin I suspect. With a bit more experience you'd learn to say something along the lines of "no downtime, sure, that will be 30 grand" and the ability for downtime will suddenly materialize. Him and his friend did this big song and dance, took a huge risk and only got paid for ten hours worth of work in the end. I use management focused vs technology focused when talking about this distinction. For me it boils down to is the organization more concerned about choices in regards to process/organizational structures or technology. I have one as well, sometimes it gets so hot that it disconnects from the machine mid file transfer. However I've had it for a few years and it still works. Do you also send "the drop isn't ready" on other days? If not the fact that you sent a message tells the attacker everything without knowing the content. Also can anything be inferred by the length of the signal message? Do they pad they out or will all of the sudden sending a 2kb vs 3kb message give you away that something is different? Personally if my life is on the line, I'd stick with the shoelaces. Python's "for customer in customers" can't be clearer in my opinion. Example: Bandcamp on Android let's me buy music via PayPal or credit card outside of the Google Play store. Similarly Audible let's me do this as well. > That's the thing. $50 / month from you or me means nothing compared to $5 / month from a 100x larger audience. Growing the audience means marketing, and tons of non-technical work. Sounds like they don't need my donation, the people who do this non-technical work are bringing in revenue by the wheelbarrow load. If they weren't the price they charge for their skills would not be justifiable. > serving you probably is probably a net-negative for us cost-wise I never understood why businesses do things like this. In many industries there is often a class of customer that it is proclaimed "we don't make any money on them" and as such they provide a low quality of service. If you actually lose money why don't you raise prices on them? Why are you worried about losing a customer you claim not to want in the first place? If you aren't happy with selling items at the price you are selling them at, why sell them? I just don't see the reason to be rude about it. >yeah, I know it's theoretically above the speed of light, but I'm not sure about the specifics here I thought superluminal communication is considered impossible.[0] [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Faster-than-light_communicatio... >My monitor, mouse and keyboard don't require any accounts (yet?) I take it you don't have any Razer devices. I don't think you'll get kids, particularly young kids to wear those for more than a few minutes at a time. Checked out the artists blog and found this: https://driesdepoorter.be/quickfix/ It's a art installation that allows you to buy likes on Instagram, Facebook, etc. Really interesting idea, shows how disposable those things are. It's amazing what people will do in order to get a couple of rows in the likes table of a social media website. It's legal, you just still owe them the money. Nothing is stopping you from canceling a debit card that you have active reoccurring payments on, just if your mortgage was one of those the bank can still find you in default. Similarly if Adobe owed you money they may make you run through a customer service maze in order to get it. That's legal too. They don't have to provide you with a method to automatically take as much money as you assume you are owed. I see a D option. Reduce the costs to the students to reflect the market price of the services rendered. While the pandemic isn't the fault of the colleges, the nature of operating a business is you can only charge for services you are able to deliver. Find a comparable online school, that's what you can charge. > 6. Show useful error messages > We couldn't find an account with that email. Don't do that. It allows for user enumeration. Compared to aboriginal life, Huck Finn might as well been aboard the deck of the Starship Enterprise. Steamboats, cannons, metallurgy, the beginnings of modern medicine. The mid-nineteenth century was during the industrial revolution. I'd say your life today is closer to Huck Finn than a typical aboriginal person. If you want to be legalistic then the person who used the wrong email is in violation of CAN-SPAM[0], though my guess is courts don't have the time for petty matters like this. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CAN-SPAM_Act_of_2003 Can we get batteries that are small enough and powerful enough to do it? This example is powered by lasers, it looks like they have to shoot a laser first at the front legs then again at the back legs in order to get it to walk. If we are able to shoot a laser at the robot walking on the tumor without damaging the surrounding tissue, why not just shoot it at the tumor? > and you can't access those records remote due to HIPAA. The person who told you that is misinformed. I have personally worked on products that allow physicians and staff to access patient records remotely in a safe and fully HIPAA compliant manner. It's incredibly common. I third this suggestion, if you have to send the file to multiple parties they can all share among themselves (it's BitTorrent after all) speeding up the process even further. There are lots of programmers globally, the top few percent is probably on the order of a couple of football stadiums worth of people. You are probably closer to that then you suspect. > If FB goes down, people waste less time online, if a guidance system fails people may die. Goes down yes, but what about a data breach? What if, for example, the location of a woman is mistakenly exposed to a abusive partner? In my view the distinction between a senior software engineer and not is the ability to see how both human and software systems interact and find failure modes that others may miss. Really cool idea. I've often thought about creating games with physical objects controlled remotely (my idea was something like RC cars). I'll give this a shot. I was thinking about using making a scale model of a cityscape and letting people race cars with cameras mounted to them. Getting stuck would be a feature (just like a real car race, if you get stuck somewhere you'll lose), and require human intervention to fix. I think latency is the real problem, games work around this in many ways that aren't possible in the real world. I've always felt you can't do Dune in a single movie, the world is just too big. I'd say it has to be a minimum of two or three parts to really tell the story. ahh great, that will improve things I think. The first movie attempt just felt so rushed and skipped over so many details. We have devops, why not marksales? I'd like a view of the ocean from my home office window, however I don't want it enough to pay market rates for it. You may feel otherwise and are free to spend your money as you wish. The tracking number reports the package as delivered, someone came by and picked it up after it was left at the front door. > Why does anyone still use PayPal? Paypal.com -> Subscriptions -> Unsubscribe Paypal makes it two or three clicks to unsub from any reoccurring payment. No dark patterns or "call us" required. I use it whenever I can for subscription services. I'm talking about payments to third parties. When you use PayPal to subscribe to a service you can easily unsubscribe where sometimes services make it difficult to do so otherwise. For example the New York Times forces you to call and speak to a retention specialist if you want to cancel and you paid by credit card. With PayPal it's 3 clicks. Seconded. The Dilbert plugin can also make the wait times more tolerable. A trip to https://time.gov/ on a device that I trust would convince me. Another article has this line: "He initially admitted to being in the room with the electrical foreman while receiving overtime pay — but later recanted, according to Pokorny." https://nypost.com/2020/09/24/mta-workers-had-hidden-man-cav... > How do you think people in nursing homes died from it? What choices did they get in the matter? I suspect people in nursing homes in NY would've done better without government intervention. "More than 4,500 recovering coronavirus patients were sent to New York’s already vulnerable nursing homes under a controversial state directive..." https://apnews.com/article/5ebc0ad45b73a899efa81f098330204c You know when a mechanic has a sign out front that says "free brake inspection", how often do you think he says "brakes look great, no work needed"? You should only take advantage of a offer like that if you already suspect something is wrong or in the case of a orthodontist when you think your kid needs braces to begin with. My understanding is the newer long acting insulins work so well for many it is like they no longer have diabetes, they can pretty much eat whatever they want and be fine. The older insulins require more careful management of diet and blood sugar levels than the long acting types and are less convenient for that reason. Before the flash drive heat throttles itself? That is exactly the reason. I live in PA. NJ has higher income taxes than PA but lower gasoline taxes. This changed in recent years as gasoline taxes in NJ have gone up, eliminating most of the advantage of filling up there from people on the NJ border. Another solution is to store a URL and a integer score (so you can rank companies). The longest URL I was able to get through CloudFlare recently was about two thousand characters but most will be much smaller. If someone wants the review taken down they can talk to whomever is hosting the content. Tweets, Medium articles, Facebook posts etc could hold the review content itself. Want to take down 5 unfavorable reviews, then write 5 letters to 5 different companies. AIM, ICQ and Yahoo Chats would work fine on that machine what features does Slack have that requires the additional resources? That one rivet that didn't quite go all the way in... For me rather than use a phone with a case I'd prefer the manufacturer just make the phone larger so it can be handle day to day life without a protective sleeve. I believe that is illegal in the US. "A person may not advertise for sale, sell, use, install, or have installed, a device that makes an odometer of a motor vehicle register a mileage different from the mileage the vehicle was driven, as registered by the odometer within the designed tolerance of the manufacturer of the odometer"[0] [0] https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/49/32703 > In 2015, emails show that Garda employees discussed how to keep TD Bank from learning that a single branch couldn’t find $924,000 of the bank’s coins. If that was all quarters, that is somewhere in the ballpark of 25 tons of material. That didn't go missing by employees carrying it out in their pockets. You can't run that through the local coin star. How on earth is this possible? That's 20 pounds worth, roughly the weight of a sledgehammer. How do you carry a sledgehammer out of a secure facility every day for a decade? Only 15 grand a month. You would need a household income of 380k to reasonably afford that house. Poking around it looks like Intel announced a plan for $10 billon worth of stock buybacks recently. If that's true this isn't "going all in on your core business" and instead more like going all in on your share price. I played around with this previously. For playing audio the "button" can be a invisible div that takes up the entire page and interacting with it can be not only clicking but simply moving the mouse over the div. James had a huge impact on my thinking as a young man as I'm sure he did to many others. A life well lived. "Sorry I'm looking a bit out of sorts, my mirror had a update so I wasn't able to do my makeup this morning" 24% seems to be the top 0.01% of taxpayers federal tax burden, not the average and it does not include state and local taxes or property taxes. > According to this data, in 2017, the top 1 percent of taxpayers paid an average federal income tax rate of 26.76 percent. The bottom 99 percent, or all the rest of the taxpayers, paid an average rate of 11.4 percent. If we look at just the bottom 50 percent, the average rate paid by these taxpayers is even lower, at 4 percent. > At the very top end of the AGI distribution, we see average rates decrease slightly, but remain significantly higher than the average rates paid by those lower on the income distribution: 25 percent for the top 0.01 percent and 24 percent for the top 0.001 percent. https://taxfoundation.org/average-federal-income-tax-rates-2... . If you have better numbers I'd like to see them. 24% didn't seem right to me so I wanted to see where that figure came from. Low income households pay negative federal income tax rates (7.65% for FICA included) after the earned income credit is applied. You can make a case that the 7.65% paid by the employer also lowers wages, but if you want to discuss second order effects like that you have to also get into the weeds that taxes on corporations increase the costs of goods and and are a indirect tax on consumers. Calculating the actual rate is almost impossible as you'd need to factor in property taxes, gasoline taxes, sales taxes, costs involved in vehicle registration and other permits and so on. Even then people disagree on what a is a tax and what isn't and argue that some of those things shouldn't be included. For example, the individual mandate in the affordable care act levied what was called a fine to people who did not have health insurance the previous year (Individual Shared Responsibility Payment) but in real terms this wasn't very different than a tax and was collected by the IRS. Similarly, some would claim Social Security and Medicare payments are not taxes due to the fact that those programs directly provide services to the party who paid into them. This is also the justification for phasing them out over certain income thresholds as after you have contributed a certain amount to the program you are "paid up" as it were. My point is in order to discuss this first we must agree on what constitutes a tax in the first place and that is much easier said than done. If we take the all non voluntary payments to any government and their second order effects route we are probably talking about a rate of over 50% on average, however under that same definition Facebook is paying much more than 4%. I recently re-watched most of his films as I created a programming language that emits error messages based on his accent[0]. I was unable to find a single film that he was involved in that I did not enjoy. Some actors not only practice their craft well but also only seem to put their stamp on films that are worth the audiences time. [0]Example: "shtirred: filter requiresh a function and a lisht ash input!" - http://connerylang.org/ They tried to have a reoccurring comic relief character in Sheriff John W. Pepper but it only lasted two films. He played a sheriff or prison guard in a number of films of that era as well. I was driving a Ford Fiesta for a while and it would hijack the stereo, mute the music and say something like "Please connect your phone to run a vehicle report" while driving once a week or so. The only way to get the radio back was dismiss the modal it popped up or presumably install the app and let it send data home. Similarly my previous trash company raised rates several times the year before last nearly doubling the cost, then a competitor came in at the original price and virtually everyone switched. They offered to lower us back down when we canceled the service but they were a day late and a dollar short. They still send us letters begging us to come back. They have this nice line in their TOS: > LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY AND REMEDIES. IF YOU ARE IN ANY WAY DISSATISFIED WITH THE INSTANT INK SERVICE OR ANY PART THEREOF INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, AN INSTANT INK PROGRAM OR THE SITE, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USING THE INSTANT INK SERVICE AND/OR THE APPLICABLE INSTANT INK PROGRAM. I had no idea you could have a contract that says, "if you don't like how we fulfilled the contract all you are allowed to do is go away, even if we burn your house down." https://instantink.hpconnected.com/us/en/terms Everyone says that but does anyone actually try it? At 30 years old I already have my beverage preferences, if I never saw a Pepsi ad again Coke would still be too sweet for me. Who are these people who are swayed by this? Who hasn't tried both and determined a preference already? > It takes more than shoes to get such a one sided outcome. If you make them out of cardboard and try to cross the Carpathian Mountains perhaps not. https://ww1blog.osborneink.com/?p=5961 Modern ignition systems are digital. From what I've been told its hard to hotwire modern cars. Dot comment? >Part of the problem is, engineers love shiny things. Status pages are fundamentally boring things. Who wants to work on them? I would work on a status page. It's a interesting problem, creating tests that prove services are viable at a place like AWS would be fun. However what I don't want to deal with is some director of so and so I never heard of yelling at me at 3 in the morning because my status page reported that his service was down accurately. I suspect that plays more into the problem. The status page is a political implement not a technical one. For me, transaction times and cost. Paying $2 to send $100 over 15 - 30 minutes, feels expensive and slow to me as a buyer. Sellers are used to longer clearance times and higher fees it would be more like our modern system if the seller paid the fee. I have many workloads where 15 minutes may be just a little too short for comfort. A hour timeout would have me reaching for Lambda more often. I believe the courts have ruled that it is still considered unauthorized access even if the target doesn't make any attempt to defend themselves (see the AT&T hack). However I wouldn't hold my breath that it would be prosecuted that way. I agree. Passenger spaceflight would be offered widely and more affordably in short order if you remove all liability from vendors for deaths and injury of passengers. That doesn't mean it's ready yet. I have no idea how those contracts are enforceable. Quit your job, move across the country and then on your first day here are nine contracts to sign, no you can't take them home we need them now. If you don't sign you are unemployed and we want that relocation money back. I used to ask potential employers when I got deep into interviews with them. "Is there any way I can see all the contracts I would need to sign on my first day?" and my experience is employers are very taken aback the question. How can you possibly talk remuneration when there also is some hidden contract that is part of it that you can't see until your first day? I've only worked at small to mid sized firms. Either way, Knowing what the agreement is before I agree is special treatment? I'm not asking to modify the contract, merely to see it before I give notice and upend my families life. My Alexa logs are 10% brief clips of Geordi Laforge making demands. I vaguely remember a sitcom where someone had to watch a important event with friends on TV and someone else installed a clapper on said TV. Everything went well until the applause kicked in. Don't be so sure, a lot of Reddit content looks like product placement to me. > Smart devices manufacturers often “hard-code” in a public DNS server, like Google’s 8.8.8.8, and their devices ignore whatever DNS server is assigned by your router - such as your PiHole. Going to be a sad day for those advertisers when the DNS project gets killed by Google. Hopefully they are smart enough to set a alternate as well. Not only that, I have a TV that is in working order that's 30 some years old. The average lifespan of a fortune 500 company is half that. I'd suspect so, at least at first while they have withdrawal symptoms. Frankly it might be more humane to ban it outright rather than have people desperately chain smoking. I would not sell my home at the assessed value. As I would have to move my family, get a new mortgage, and change jobs and schools potentially. I live in a fairly expensive area and a home that meets my requirements (no hoa, not a townhouse) is hard to find. I may have to fork out twice as much to get something that meets those requirements. I don't see that as a great reason why I should pay taxes more than my neighbors. My choice in buying the home was made for twofold reasons firstly to no longer be subject to the whims of a landlord, secondly to lock in my costs of housing against inflation. This would rob me of both those advantages. I don't see how you would get any homeowners to vote for a proposal like that. Indeed, it's vague and confusing, it sounds a lot like corporate speak for ads. "Valuable messages from our partners" sort of thing. From the first few paragraphs it seems like they are describing some sort of toast notification for when they have some sort of announcement to make, but that wording could very well be a euphemism for targeted ads. In a similar manner, most laws in the US regarding the internet don't use phraseology like "American Citizens" or "People who live in the United States" and instead use words like "Persons" or "One", so in theory they also apply outside of the US however since the US has no jurisdiction to enforce those laws, they don't in real terms. Take a look at the CAN-SPAM act[0], then at your spam folder for an example of how this played out. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CAN-SPAM_Act_of_2003 If you want to learn C at the same time I can suggest "Build your own Lisp" http://www.buildyourownlisp.com/ I'd say the ability to solve a real problem in the programming language of your choice is a minimum criteria to call yourself a programmer. Getting there would require a basic understanding of that language, data structures generally, many problems revolve around databases or REST APIs so learn how to use those, I'd also throw in version control and how to write unit tests. I have observed others with a similar impression so I suspect it is a common misconception. Good on you for having the courage to acknowledge it. Why cant Robinhood cover those costs as well? Doesn't that knife cut both ways? If the CEO isn't responsible at all for the product then it's hard to claim that they had much to do with the success of the company. That will lead to what happened to farm subsidies. They were targeted to small farms so the large farms broke themselves into a series of small farms to maximize the subsidy. Pihole with the right block list can prevent known malicious software from hitting its command and control endpoints. They can always use DOH but you can block DOH domains via the pinhole as well. Fair enough. On the other hand it can also prevent users from stumbling upon malware distribution sites by both blocking them directly and secondly blocking advertisements that often link to malware. All of this of course is part of defense in depth, multiple layers of incomplete protection is better than nothing at all. PA is similarly disconnected from NJ via the Delaware river, would you also say they don't border each other? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Delaware_River#/media/File:Del... In my view: If the packets absolutely positively have to get there on time, ethernet is the only option. WiFi has uses but constantly streaming large volumes of data without hiccups isn't one of them. Looks like India banned it as well. https://www.india.com/viral/it-has-been-banned-delhi-judge-o... Just the first counterpoint that comes to mind, the Bolsheviks were angry hillbillies? Are they different realities or different people with different wants and needs? I've considered the same question myself. The global per capita median income is a little under 3k USD. If you wanted to make global income inequality better you'd probably start by making the west dramatically poorer. Thomas Jefferson said it best: "The question Whether one generation of men has a right to bind another, seems never to have been started either on this or our side of the water… (But) between society and society, or generation and generation there is no municipal obligation, no umpire but the law of nature. We seem not to have perceived that, by the law of nature, one generation is to another as one independant nation to another… On similar ground it may be proved that no society can make a perpetual constitution, or even a perpetual law. The earth belongs always to the living generation… Every constitution, then, and every law, naturally expires at the end of 19. years. If it be enforced longer, it is an act of force and not of right." From a Chesterton's Fence perspective think about the ability of the people to hold a amendatory convention. If you don't know, a amendatory convention can be achieved by having two thirds of the state legislatures vote for one. If that happens then you must get a two thirds majority of states to agree on the proposal presented and it becomes a constitutional amendment. Entirely side stepping the federal government. This power hasn't been used in a very long time, and from my readings of Washington and Jefferson they intended us to use it. Perhaps this is a corollary to Chesterton's Fence, call it Chesterton's Button rephrased less elegantly than he or you put it: "If your forefathers were willing to die to give you the ability to do something, you should question if that ability has not used in a very long time." Ownership of the house changes every couple of decades, might want to consider what rules you want to be customary once someone else has the deed. Sorry, I'm not talking about Reddit specially. The cultural pendulum travels back and forth so one day, sooner than you think, the people you disagree with will make the editorial decisions for the major social media platforms. If you want to make it the rule that it's fine for platforms like that to remove their political opponents, by all means I just suspect you or your children will regret it. I think you are missing the point because you are thinking too short term. Reddit likely won't exist/won't be as popular in a decade or two, the current owners would still own it but it won't be part of the cultural zeitgeist in the same way. Think AM Radio, Cable TV, Friendster or MySpace. Instead it will be replaced with something else, that something else might not even be called social media, and that thing will be controlled by people with a different political ideology than who currently control Reddit. I don't know how old you are but do you recall the mid to late 90s/early 2000's in the US? Back then we had to fight so shows like South Park could be shown on cable television (a private platform) due to the fact that the general consensus among the population was that content like that offended their personal and religious values and should be prohibited. Those exact people won't be in power again, but people similar to them almost certainly will. Moves like this hand them a weapon to use against you. Thanks for the correction, it's been a while since Social Studies class apparently. That would seem to be a reasonable reaction. If people with jobs that don't really allow for social distancing were also the people the most worried about the virus, they would be under a great deal of psychological stress that they can't really do anything about. From a evolutionary standpoint it would make sense that the people most able to act around a threat are also the most worried about it. > International law is one consideration but under US law, the generals are not allowed to refuse a launch order. That is not my understanding from talking with people in the army. What I understand is that anyone in the armed forced is not only allowed, but required, to refuse a unlawful order given by anyone, even the president. Executing on a unlawful order is a crime and you can end up court marshalled or even executed if the outcome is bad enough. The Nuremberg defense ("I was just following orders") does not fly in the US military. I asked a similar question, my understanding is it's a matter of degrees. If you follow a unlawful order and say file paperwork the wrong way that probably won't result in a court marshal, if you burn down a village in a friendly country you most certainly would. That said Congress is supposed to declare war so most of the wars we have been fighting for the past two decades are likely unlawful. I doubt you would be successful refusing to execute a drone strike on that basis. However if the president called up drunk one night and ordered your to bomb London, I suspect you'd be safe in that refusal. > It was a hard, violent fight. People died at strikes for those protections. Just a personal anecdote, my biological grandfathers trunk was firebombed by the Philly Roofers Union (UURWAW) due to a dispute with them. The K&A gang in that area is well known to be tied into the union[0] and was known to fairly regularly engage in violence like that to prevent "scabs". My point being, the violence was omni-directional and this fact is often omitted by those in favor of unions. [0] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/K%26A_Gang#Roofers'_Union_corr... Java is a DSL that turns XML into lengthy stack traces. When you say it gives you more flexibility do you mind if I ask what do you mean? I'm in the US and generally my employment has been at will, either of us are free to end the arrangement at any time. Having a specific date where that arrangement ends doesn't seem to be more flexible, if I wanted to leave in a month I would just give my notice and leave. I'm in the same position as you career wise and I often get offers to join contract roles and they are very unappealing to me. When I do the math on the benefits I'd lose out on and the additional taxes, rarely are these offers competitive let alone when I factor in the greater volatility inherent in the arrangement and the lack of unemployment benefits. Also in my experience the recruiters pushing the contract roles are the most desperate and aggressive, that doesn't lead me to believe these roles are all that high quality. I don't know why you are being downvoted, from what I've read they have added a ton of users in the past few weeks. I think the Parler move is backfiring, prior to that it seemed like a battle between dozens of alt-social networks all trying to gain a foothold and after the Parler move it looks it everyone displaced from the traditional social media platforms has decided on Gab. Small world, I'm in the same place. I noticed long periods of dropped packets, it looks like existing connections are ok but establishing a new one is a problem. My wife working over a VPN doesn't notice a issue. If you made a minimum wage that was significantly above the prevailing wage I'd expect to see inflation in a economy like the US. My wager would be that dollars that are currently chasing returns in the stock market may shift to wages resulting in those same dollars now trying to buy consumer goods rather than stock. We might not call that inflation in the economy generally as after all stocks would "deflate" during that time but in terms of living day to day it would be. Another potential mechanism would be if unemployment went up high enough due to a minimum wage increase that productivity decreases so much that the same number to dollars are chasing the results of less workers. That said, with the exception of very rural areas the wage floor for most moderately skilled or unpleasant work is above $15 an hour already, so this will probably not have much of a impact on poverty or inflation. I agree it isn't inflation in the classic sense, I'm not sure of a great term for this effect. A thought experiment, if I printed up a dollar for each one in circulation then put them in a vault that shouldn't cause inflation even though the money supply has doubled, similarly if in a thousand years someone opens the vault and puts those dollars into circulation inflation happens even though the money supply has unchanged. My thesis is dollars that go between hedge fund to hedge fund are "in a vault" compared to dollars that are buying food at the local Walmart. If some of those hedge fund dollars ends up in the hands of a individual (say a minimum wage increase causes firms to halt buybacks and direct that money toward payroll) that would cause inflation of consumer goods as now we have more dollars chasing the same output. A few things happened around that time that might of contributed. Movement to a fiat currency as opposed to the gold standard, women joined the workforce in larger numbers through the 70's and 80's, globalization as a concept was born and outsourcing boomed. > Any creation of affordable housing contributes to slowing down increasing prices. As does creation of market rate housing[0], even in the short term. [0] https://research.upjohn.org/up_policybriefs/13/ >Could be? It's an open, publicly-documented market manipulation event. Strange question, what's the bar for market manipulation? For example if a company took out debt to buy their own stock in order to drive up the price would that count? The shorters should form a class action and sue wall street bets, I'm sure a 5 dollar check in 3 years and a year of free stonk advice will cover it right? >Even which doctor someone visited is confidential data one ideally would not preserve when not needed anymore. Indeed, for example "John Smith went to see a HIV specialist on Monday" is protected information and would be a HIPAA violation if leaked. Its much simpler to throw it in a relational database and only let the HIV specialist and staff see the appointment. I think the FBI but they got yelled at in the 70s[0] for doing that sort of work and given new guidelines to prevent it[1] and apparently haven't done much like it since. [0] https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abscam [1] https://oig.justice.gov/sites/default/files/archive/special/... Your congressman probably listens to the AMA more so than you when it comes to medical matters, here is one example of what they have to say on the subject I could find with a quick search: > In March 1997, months before the Balanced Budget Act was enacted, the AMA even suggested reducing the number of US residency positions by approximately 25% from 25,000 to fewer than 19,000. “The United States is on the verge of a serious oversupply of physicians,” said the AMA and other physicians’ groups in a joint statement. Since most states require at least some residency training for medical licensure, reducing the number of residency positions would curtail the supply of doctors in the US. > Fast forward two decades, and what once seemed like a glut now looks like a shortage. The growth in the number of residency positions—and thus the number of doctors—slowed after the passage of the Balanced Budget Act. From 1997 to 2002, the number of residents in the US increased by just 0.1%. Although the number of positions has increased since then, each year thousands of residency applicants fail to secure a position. Factor in an aging population and a projected increase in demand for health care services, and the US is now forecasted to experience a shortage of 46,900 to 121,900 physicians by 2032. Absent a meaningful response from Congress, it will be doctors—particularly residents—and their patients who pay the price. - https://qz.com/1676207/the-us-is-on-the-verge-of-a-devastati... Finally someone applying blockchain tech to company scrip. If the golf ball only traveled 40 yards, using motorised conveyance to chase after it would look rather silly. I've been scanning the docs and this syntax is hard for me to understand, however your version makes sense right on first glance. I'd go with that. Wouldn't you have to be a party to the infringing work for that to be true? Presumably you can sue the copyright holder of the film and not the "actors" as it were? For example, if a romcom rips off some music I created can I sue Ben Affleck because he appeared in it? I doubt it. I especially doubt it if he didn't want to be in the film. I yearn for the heady days back when politicians used to attempt to justify wars, now the media just pretends we aren't in what seven? of them currently. > Ketamine is so incredibly generic it isn't funny. For a financial motive it would be pretty bad and not even evergreenable. That's why you don't sell Ketamine, you sell Ketamine + an antacid or Ketamine in a timed relapse capsule and call it Relaxadol and have your friends in the FDA ensure it's the only approved treatment and not the generic Ketamine. I post this here for posterity: Within ten years a film will come out about the next economic disaster and everyone will be saying "how could we be so stupid to allow firms to buy their own stock with debt?" much like the housing crisis. How many knew about CDOs before The Big Short? If the firm instead took out loans to pay out dividends would you feel differently? Now what if they did it every year at a increasing pace to the point where it's expected that firms take on debt to support ever larger dividends? That bubble pops eventually and is what I see happening with buybacks. It was, but they got rid of the pension and the gold watch so it really isn't like that anymore. Similar to how Apple keeps all its intellectual property in Grand Cayman I keep everything I know about tech in the heart of SF. > Try managing a team where people take last minute personal days all the time, without having to give advance notice or a reason. Try getting a job where they advertise a benefit, then complain when you use it. I have often heard personal days are to be used if say, you can't get to work due to transportation issues or if your child is home from school. If they aren't to be used that way how do they differ from vacation days? May I also add it's very common for victims of this type of abuse to make statements like that, particularly if they are abused as children. A sort of Stockholm syndrome takes hold and they begin to empathize with their rapist and feel bad that they face punishment for their crimes. Don't take that statement as a report on his innocence but rather a compliment to his well practiced grooming skills, if anything its evidence that this probably wasn't the first time. > Inflation rates are very low, particularly when considering the debt load. We could quite simply increase the target inflation rate from 2% to 4% inflation. You probably mean CPI, not inflation. Inflation is really only loosely correlated if at all with the price of goods that consumers actually buy. Things like hedonic quality adjustments leave CPI largely up to whims of the regulators. The trouble is CPI is not generated in a transparent enough manner to prove your or my assertion. Methodologies sure, I can pull up some of the formulas they use. The dataset on the other hand, that is secret. A independent party cannot calculate CPI and end up at the same result as BLS. For something as important as inflation, and for this to be considered remotely scientific, the results need to be repeatable by independent parties. >Absolutely Joe Rogan helped make podcasts the phenomenon they are today, but so did a whole lot of other people. Same with PG and Altman: “startup culture” Ricky Gervais really got the ball rolling on podcasts early on. I'd credit much of it to him, Steven Merchant and Karl Pilkington. Frankly I think that podcast still represents the best work in the medium. > Why are people (students, faculty) playing along with that? My theory: Since the early 1970's the number of college administrators has gone up radically. Here is one example but it seems to be the same everywhere[0]. All things being equal one can assume that more administrators = more policy, more policy = more bad policy. As organizations grow they often turn inward and focus on their own propagation more so than their original mandate. That tends to end up in a scenario that, the bad policy that inevitably results from policy creation is defended as arguing against it is seen as a attack on the organization itself. A organization like that is calcified, it's members stop asking questions as they have seen others that have been punished for that insolence and they simply tow the line in order to make it out the other end (graduation or retirement respectively). [0] https://capitolweekly.net/tuition-uc-administrators-tripled-... "I'll be gone, you'll be gone"[0] [0] https://rationalwiki.org/wiki/IBGYBG > That doesn't make any sense. You're saying you have made some sort of value judgement, presumably based on logic and information, but if someone sends you a piece of propaganda you'd totally change your position? You don' t play poker, do you? Sending out propaganda is a new piece of information. When someone is trying really hard to get you to believe something, or act in a particular way, that in and of itself is informative. You don't play Magic The Gathering, do you? Interestingly it looks like it was made with squarespace, I'd assume they would have people in house for something like this. Imagine if we could show Gutenberg what has become of his invention. "We took the printing idea, made it work in 3 dimensions, and now we can print the printing press". Does the language have the sort of precision required to say something like "rotund gentleman" instead? If not I can't really blame someone from saying something in the most polite way a language practically allows. Often the dice are loaded, you can find many stories on here on about some financial trickery whereby the options become low value or worthless as the founders and VC's cash out. I personally evaluate them at $0 because of this. It's a shame too because that sounds like my ideal work setup. Looking down on people is human nature. I'm self taught myself, no formal education of any kind and I'm the first person in my family to work a white collar job like this. My experience is even people in my own family can't help but make snide comments when I succeed. Some time ago I walked out of ear shot at a family gathering and my own grandmother dismissively mentioned that my success was simply because "he applies to a lot of jobs", she loves me and means well but even she can't resist. Let it roll off you like water on a duck. I like bandcamp. Sun Tzu - The Art of War From negotiations to strategy my boy Sun Tzu has never let me down. As well as an entire branch of science: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Colorimetry Python has this: https://github.com/google/pytype "Pytype checks and infers types for your Python code - without requiring type annotations." > Since when has Docker on Intel Mac been crappy? The couples times I have tried to run Docker on Windows I have always stopped before I actually managed to get anywhere out of frustration. I had the same experience. The installer has been improved, my grandma could set up Docker on Windows now. If you ignore mobile games and games published prior to 2015 or so, that list is pretty pathetic. If your goal is to play those games from 2015 or older you can just buy a $300 pc off Ebay. Let me guess, zero children? The more I read into that list, the worse it gets. Cyberpunk 2021 is on the list because you can play it via Stadia. Clicking on the first item it says "The game can load up, but all the game text is invisible." but is marked as playable. Age of Empires II says "it runs but has hiccups every second, launcher can't display text. if you launch the game there is a 3 second freeze" but is marked playable. Six items on the list are listed as playable because of GeForce Now, Fourteen because it runs on Windows 10 ARM in a VM, and that is many of the newer games. Taking a look a Crysis(2007) it runs at about 45 frames a second, has audio issues and doesn't work for everyone as someone else said it won't even run, marked playable. If you buy a M1 Mac for gaming I think you will be quite disappointed indeed. In addition to the above point many religious organizations offer services like counseling to couples who are struggling as well as things like play groups so parents can manage a date night every once in a while. If you are like me and not religious and have little actual exposure to this sort of thing you may want to spend some time visiting (post Covid) some churches to see what goes on there, its about 50% religion, 50% general life advice and community outreach. It's not surprising to me that a marriage with that support system is less likely to fail than one without. Thought experiment: You print a trillion dollar bill and throw it in a underground vault. You look around. "Hey no inflation" so you print some more. You keep this up for a while. Years pass and someone finds the vault and begins to spend the money inside, what happens? Right now much of that printed money is sitting in stocks and bonds, what happens when that is no longer a great place to be? What if those dollars decide they want to be used to buy say houses, instead of bonds? > Business people don't have to be "clueless" to be constantly shifting priorities: they are reacting to the day-to-day business realities of client requests and biz dev opportunities. That makes the business people sound a lot like the guy in Office Space who takes the specs to the engineers. If they are just a secretary who will rapidly oscillate priorities based on what customer yelled the loudest yesterday that isn't very useful to the business. The purpose of a product team or anyone in that capacity is to try and understand client needs prior to the client actually having them, rapidly changing priorities is generally evidence of that not happening. We are moving from a high trust to low trust society. Cool idea, looking forward to playing with it. If it fits your use case it's fine, the problem is most CRUD apps don't fit into the document store use case, namely storing and only operating on exactly one document per request. >Another somehow found themselves stuck in a secured employee parking garage. Note to self, if in a secure area of a government facility without permission pretend to be a German tourist. Interesting thought, it would seem to follow that those less effected by social shaming might find themselves at a evolutionary advantage over those that are greatly effected. For example those who ignore prohibitions on premarital sex may have more children overall. This effect was noticed by Baumol and Bowen back in the 60s. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Baumol%27s_cost_disease > It's not like it's simple to setup a competing service and manage to get a government contract. In Nebraska you have to ask your competitors permission to compete with them: "If you are allowed to drive a home health patient to get groceries, can that passenger also get her prescription filled? In Nebraska, that would be against the law unless you had permission from the government to operate a non-emergency medical transportation company. And, by the state’s certificate of need or “CON” law, the only way to get permission is for the existing transportation companies to allow you to operate." https://ij.org/press-release/new-lawsuit-challenges-nebraska... Things like this happen all over the place nationally. To me much of it looks like garden variety corruption as opposed to some kind of reward for figuring out how to work with the government. https://ij.org/pillar/economic-liberty/?post_type=case I similarly require that producers of motion pictures say "nosteal" at some point in the opening credits otherwise I assume I am free to make copies of the film to share with the internet. > They do, don't you remember those FBI notices in the movies? Oh I'm sorry I don't have the ability to look for that, my system is only equipped to look for that specific string. > And when you sign up for netflix or cable tv, there is an agreement you accept that you are not going to pirate. Again my system doesn't read the TOS, does Googles? > Remember, the nosnippet does not have to be on every page -- you can put into robots.txt or HTTP header, so it is literally 1 line of configuration for most web servers. Remember they just have to add the string "nosteal" to the opening credits. That's a few minutes in final cut pro. Also, if they forgot to add it or have some other issue I offer no public facing customer service whatsoever. You can do stuff like this, Java devs in particular get freaked out by this sort of thing in my experience. (Forgive the formatting) import foo foo.auth("admin", "badpass") returns False def new_auth(user, pass): . . . .return True foo.auth = new_auth foo.auth("admin", "badpass") now returns True The point is it doesn't matter how hard or how easy it is, Google has no entitlement to anyone else's labor or content and if they post content to their website in violation of copyright I don't think "he didn't say the magic word that stops us from stealing content" is a defence any reasonable judge should entertain. You can kinda sorta make private variables in Python with some namespace abuse: def make_get_private(var): . . . .private_var = var . . . .def get_private(): . . . . . . . .return private_var . . . .return get_private get_private = make_get_private("spam") You can't readily modify private_var after it is set in this case, you could also make and return a set_private function as well. I imagine you could do a whole module like this and then have it create it's functions at runtime to produce this "private" namespace. It would be a mess though. Yeah, we aren't going to rearchitect the highway system and teach every driver the new rules so Tesla can move a couple more units with it's false autonomous driving promises. They simply need to stop hitting parked cars with bright lights flashing. > Tesla is going to keep selling Autopilot Not if they keep hitting parked cars they won't, the law will catch up to them. Curl supports: "DICT, FILE, FTP, FTPS, GOPHER, GOPHERS, HTTP, HTTPS, IMAP, IMAPS, LDAP, LDAPS, MQTT, POP3, POP3S, RTMP, RTMPS, RTSP, SCP, SFTP, SMB, SMBS, SMTP, SMTPS, TELNET and TFTP. curl supports SSL certificates, HTTP POST, HTTP PUT, FTP uploading, HTTP form based upload, proxies, HTTP/2, HTTP/3, cookies, user+password authentication (Basic, Plain, Digest, CRAM-MD5, SCRAM-SHA, NTLM, Negotiate and Kerberos), file transfer resume, proxy tunneling and more." I could see creating quality implementations of each of those taking that long. https://curl.se/ "Claim: Former U.S. Vice President Joe Biden once said he had "no empathy" for the plight of younger people." "What's True: In January 2018, Biden did say he had "no empathy" for the plight of younger people." "Rating: Mixed" Wow. What on earth were they thinking when they put this together? My experience suggests you may be on to something. I have a Echo and a two year old, I have it use the "Computer" wake word. Last weekend she pointed at the Echo then my desktop and proclaimed "Computer. Computer!" I told her she was right, they are the same sort of thing and we walked around the house pointing out the other things that are computers, like her moms phone, Nintendo Switch and Nvidia Shield. She seems pretty clear that they aren't living things and just machines like the car or a fridge. I'd be quite interested how he meets the power requirements, is he using electric dryers? I feel like a vans alternator has no hope of running 1 let alone 2 of them. Also what does the freshwater/wastewater system looks like? Ahh my ad blocker got rid of the video. Thank you. If it was still a republic people across the country would have little effect on you since a weak federal government would be ineffective in enforcing their mandates if it was able to at all. Instead we have ended up at democracy as Aristotle long ago predicted: "Republics decline into democracies and democracies degenerate into despotisms." >The US is still very much a republic, in the sense that we vote almost exclusively for representatives, not for policies. If you split hairs like that democracy never really existed at a national level anywhere. Representative democracy is still democracy as far as I am concerned. When the debate goes from "people want to take away your rights!" to "people in Florida want to pass a law and if you don't like it you have 49 other states to choose from" it tends to cool down the discourse a bit. I don't believe there is anything fundamentally preventing any language from running on any architecture other than "we haven't gotten around to it yet". Can't you emulate any Turing machine inside of any other Turing machine? I'd guess you could run the latest version of Python on anything more advanced than a abacus if you had a couple of lifetimes to waste on the project. You probably need heating and if not that cooling and those require electricity to function safely or likely at all. SQLite is in every android phone, it wins by a mile. I'd even go as far to wager that MSSQL instances alone outnumber Mongodb or Dynamo by a good margin. Its a interesting study in revealed preferences. I've been hearing about this for years so I presume people have started offering larger pockets in women's fashion, the fact that they aren't more popular would seem to imply that consumers don't actually want them. "7806 code 5, north and garbled street" I first heard that playing one of the first (top down) GTA games and hear it in half the police dramas I watch. I assume there isn't a few million dollars laying out in plain sight for anyone to pick up. I could be wrong, there also might be some sort of women's fashion cabal that will break my legs if I try but, I doubt it. I think you are both way off, we can't get a robot to flip a burger[0] it's going to be a long time for a robot to replace a special forces solider. They aren't just dumb manpower, we are talking a strategist, weapons specialist, paratrooper, negotiator plus a dozen other roles all in a 6 foot tall, 200 pound package that can go into a country and forage off the land for months while waiting for the perfect opportunity to complete it's mission. [0] I know you can find something on Youtube but if it really worked at scale McDonalds would be rolling them out yesterday. Hopefully in 10,000 years space mining will be a relic of the distant past, like the black and white photos of Appalachian coal miners in history books, and we will have moved on to creating the materials we need by adding or removing electrons and protons from other more common materials. Website is slow to load but I finally got to see the price after a few attempts: $899 USD. I love the idea and really need a new phone but man I wish it was a little cheaper. $500 or so it would be a no brainer but at close to a grand I feel the need to shop around. What do you put on the buy now page? "April fools, we don't have anything to sell you, come back later"? The trouble I see with that is if I'm a consumer and find this buy now button and instead of letting me buy now you ask me to join a mailing list I'm not going to be happy. When you eventually launch the product I'm going to remember you as the guys with the website with the weird mailing list dark pattern and avoid buying from you. That said I may be atypical. Limited government was certainly Jeffersons aim: "The course of history shows that as a government grows, liberty decreases." Washington seems to agree, for example this quote from his farewell address: "It is important that the habits of thinking in a free country should inspire caution in those entrusted with its administration, to confine themselves within their respective constitutional spheres, avoiding in the exercise of the powers of one department to encroach upon another. The spirit of encroachment tends to consolidate the powers of all the departments in one, and thus to create, whatever the form of government, a real despotism. A just estimate of that love of power, and proneness to abuse it, which predominates in the human heart, is sufficient to satisfy us of the truth of this position." If you think about that a bit more deeply, if Washington and Jefferson had been fans of a strong federal government slavery would've been a federal policy as opposed to a per state policy and likely would've been much more difficult to end as the northern states would've contained slave owners as opposed to only the southern states. Does anyone under 50 pick up the phone if they don't know the number that's calling? If they find a match against the leaked data, that would validate it and prove it had not been tampered with and at least allow them to contact a subset of users. Why can't they do that at least? This is a fairly common pattern among home builders. Start John's Construction, make some money, live the high life for a few years, homes start to show signs of issues, go bankrupt, then start Jon's Construction and begin the process over again. I'd expect to see those on a jobboardjobboardjobboard. Watch the embedded video. Either some random woman with no apparent background in this work made the most convincing deep fake I've ever seen, or that young woman was caught on film smoking something. If its really fake the folks over at Sassy Justice should hire her, their stuff looks like garbage in comparison. That is certainly possible but I'd personally bet that her own mother would know instantly if that was the case. "What features are not in the beta, but that I can expect soon? Database connectivity. Right now, you can only access REST apis, and local files. Support for MySql, PostGreSQL and others is coming soon." That is killing you in my opinion. I'd wager it's 90%+ of your typical use case. >Are "dying cities/slums" a purely American phenomenon, in terms of rich first-world countries? The UK definitely has declining factory towns (often called mill towns there) similar to the US. Northern England is like that for the most part. Less of a rust belt and more of a rust hat. I find it hard to contrast this view with the view that healthcare is a human right. If you take both together it can lead to some nasty conclusions. >But inability to pay should not preclude you from seeking treatment. That's the sticky bit if you think about it. Not all, but many women and men get into sex work due to lack of other options, with all that in context it would seem that there is a suggestion that you have a human right to sleep with disadvantaged women or men at government expense. If no disadvantaged people exist then I presume it would be the governments role to create them. This quickly descends into madness. Mosquitos have killed more of your ancestors[0] than anything else. To use your Nazi metaphor they probably look at themselves in a manner similar to the people who landed on Omaha beach in 1941. [0]"The general consensus of demographers is that about 108 billion human beings have ever lived, and that mosquito-borne diseases have killed close to half—52 billion people, the majority of them young children." https://www.macleans.ca/culture/books/mosquito-killed-billio... >telling them they don't have the right to make that choice is arrogant and moralizing BS I never did this and was quite clear that some choose this willingly vs making the choice due to drug addiction or some other tragic reason. However, taking advantage of another persons drug addiction and getting them to sleep with you in exchange for more money to buy the drug is the same thing as taking advantage of someone's down syndrome in exchange for money to buy candy. It simply isn't something that someone who isn't a predator does. A small loophole, language doesn't count so you can sometimes find cheaper foreign cards online. That's modern more than legacy though. Here's what owning my home has meant for me. I live in a high COL area, when I moved out when I was 20 rent was more than half of my income. I'd get raises but my rent would continue to climb. 5 years ago I bought a house, my rent stopped climbing. Now I can't even get a apartment for 125% of my mortgage and that is without a yard, with neighbors a half inch of sheet rock away, and no equity. This means that while yes I still have to work, it isn't the end of the world that I get fired or miss a promotion. I no longer need to push hard to drive up my income like I did when I was in a apartment. So now I have more options, when a PM screws the pooch and misses a requirement I attend my daughters soccer game as planned instead of staying late. If that isn't freedom I don't know what is. To paraphrase a common saying: "Harrison Bergeron was a warning, not a instruction manual." https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Harrison_Bergeron Wickard v. Filburn pretty much ended the idea of any real limitations in regards to calling something interstate commerce: "An Ohio farmer, Roscoe Filburn, was growing wheat to feed animals on his own farm. The US government had established limits on wheat production, based on the acreage owned by a farmer, to stabilize wheat prices and supplies. Filburn grew more than was permitted and so was ordered to pay a penalty. In response, he said that because his wheat was not sold, it could not be regulated as commerce, let alone 'interstate" commerce'..." Roscoe lost. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wickard_v._Filburn How would they claim this isn't a economic activity? "Where is what ship? Oh, after 180 days we let the national guard boys play target practice with the ships that go unclaimed." >And if the company went bankrupt or the CEO suddenly died/disappeared? If the company did well instead of go bankrupt who is cashing the biggest check? That is who is responsible. Work your way down that list until you find someone, everyone you can't find is a fugitive and has their assets seized. You have empty shelves, workplaces start going in person again and demand for cars becomes less elastic. Potentially used cars start selling for more than they cost new. If I had to wager I'd always bet on the CIA lying, I don't see how anyone could come to another conclusion given their history. Sure, I dont focus on them because I don't believe that Mossad or MI5 are the reason why my country has been at war my entire adult life, but I have witnessed the NSA and CIA justify those wars-that-arent-really-wars time and time again. How much blood was spilled over the 'yellow cake' line alone? Remember when they lost that ten thousand page report on torture right before it was to be delivered? Or the time they dosed unwilling people with LSD or when they smuggled cocaine and fueled the crack epidemic, or when they... https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Niger_uranium_forgeries Folks inside the CIA knew that the yellow cake uranium was a lie and at best, did not make any of this knowledge public as the justification for war was coming together. That silence resulted in the loss of at least one hundred and fifty thousand human beings needlessly and a war that has lasted decades. I probably wouldn't be complaining if I was born in the 1930's, WW1 and 2 were fairly well justified. However what are the current wars even still about? WMD? No, that was a fabrication. Bin Laden? He's long dead. Oil? With fracking, the US has the largest oil reserves on the planet. ISIS? Essentially gone, not much of a threat to US citizens in any case. There was no reason for these wars, there is certainly no reason to let them continue. On the "I have witnessed the CIA justify those wars" comment we have started what 4 wars since Iraq? Every drone strike is justified with intelligence. I can find some YouTube clips later of CIA directors justifying war in Iraq, Afghanistan and Syria if you don't believe me. > Also, do/should intelligence agencies generally come out and make public announcements of intelligence at all? They did so pretty frequently during the Trump administration. Whistleblowers spoke up when someone came in claiming to want to end the war on terror, they didn't feel the need to do so in 2001 when that war was getting started. >Just gonna point out that non-Americans are human beings as well, and millions have died - directly as a result of this silence. 150k is the most conservative estimate I could find for Iraq. US and Iraqi deaths included. Some estimates are in the millions but I try to be as generous as possible to the other side of a argument I am making. To be fair he was under a crunch. He delivered the whole project in a week. I am certain that end of the human race will be preceded by these words: "Trust me, this time will be different" We are simply unable to learn from even the recent past. Every generation has to personally try every bad idea to figure out why its a bad idea. Why are you so concerned about how people in other states choose to live? > Guns don't stay where they start. Neither do criminals, drugs or marriages, however I don't propose giving people in the next state over control of those things. > In a separate 2019 episode, a White House official reported a similar attack while walking her dog in a Virginia suburb just outside Washington, GQ reported last year. I too carry around the equipment required to determine if something I'm feeling is biological or a secret energy weapon while I walk the dog. I wonder, was this White House official also affiliated with the intelligence apparatus as the other person who reported this was? > Defense officials who briefed lawmakers said it was possible Russia was behind the attacks, but they did not have enough information to say for sure. They really want Cold War 2 don't they? Hopefully this time we go to Mars. Oh so an entirely subjective, impossible to verify set of facts are the reason our intelligence community decided to publicly provoke a nuclear power? I have looked at them, I've been following this since it started. And I agree that "And at least publicly nobody knows what is causing it" (but Id also add "or even if it's actually happening at all") that's why its dangerous to say things like what was said there. If I wanted to harm America, I'd start another cold war, a great way to do that would be to manipulate a war-hungry-revolving-door-to-defence-contractors organization into making public accusations against Russia on a continual basis. I'm not OP but no, I work from home and only see the people I live with since this started. Knowing if its covid vs the flu wouldn't really matter much to me and either way my behavior would be the same. Frankly it would be worse for public health if I left the house while sick to satisfy my curiosity. I can imagine that many others in my situation would come to a similar conclusion. Wanted to make pizza with my two year old daughter a couple of weeks ago. Picked up some mozzarella at the store and when I went to use it noticed the well hidden plant logo and "plant based" text that was almost the same color as the packaging. Figured I'd give it a shot. It was inedible, completely ruined the pizza. My daughter took a bite and said "no, dad" I agreed and we threw it away and got a happy meal. I figure once everyone gets fooled once like I have it will stop selling. Looks like they updated the package: https://www.walmart.com/ip/Great-Value-Plant-Based-Mozzarell... The one I had that plant based logo was a quarter of the size and it did not have leaves like that on the front. Also that white plant based text was a few shades lighter than the background (that was previously sky blue) making it hard to read. Admittedly I should've seen the "style" part and looked further, also I should've questioned why it was the one of the only shredded cheese left in the fridge. It isn't like I was defrauded but that certainly wasn't what I intended to buy, good on them for fixing it. > Invest heavily in education and revisit in a few generations It is a persistent myth that the US does not invest in education. Not only is the dollars per student spent in the US competitive, it exceeds the majority of European nations spending per student by a large margin. "In 2015, the United States spent approximately $12,800 per student on elementary and secondary education. That is over 35% more than the OECD country average of $9,500. At the post-secondary level, the United States spent approximately $30,000 per student, which was 93% higher than the average of OECD countries ($16,100)." https://www.investopedia.com/ask/answers/020915/what-country... I'm self taught like you, my biggest regret is not sending out resumes earlier. Try to find small and midsize businesses they are the most receptive in my experience. Like waterfall/agile, trickle down economics is the name used by critics of supply side economics, not it's creators. It's use instantly reveals you are a critic, not knowing that isn't what it's actually called reveals ignorance on the subject of economics more generally. > high mid-century tax rates was targeted towards a small handful of billionaires and left most people untouched Tax evasion was much simpler pre modern computing, the internet, credit cards, etc. The rate of tax is high on paper but the effective rate of tax was much lower. Not only that the tax code was (and is) riddled with loopholes. I'd say they had a high rate of tax for honest millionaires and millionaires who aren't friendly with some congressmen. Sounds like it would have a application in wilderness survival kits if they can find a way to do without the quartz top of the box. > But what the hell else am I going to do? Personally I'm taking some money that could go into the stock market and investing in increasing the energy efficiency of my home to reduce my future costs, buying items I'll need in bulk (things like 200 pairs of socks so I'm set for life) and other things that will improve my QOL without ongoing costs. Something I've been thinking about is that your typical rank and file employees work is pretty transparent. I created 6 widgets, I served 4 customers, I wrote 100 lines of code. Middle management that isn't really true, they can mill around and informally talk with people as part of their work. If everyone is remote, middle management's efforts become much more measurable. Check out the ages of elected officials, most are in the "won't be alive in twenty years" camp so the lack of foresight is unsurprising. > and then the guy started running around the arcade (Sega Center) yelling "This guy is the best Space War player!" over and over again while pointing at me. I was pretty embarrassed for him. He sounds refreshingly honest and self aware to me. He went around loudly letting everyone know he was the best player, when proven wrong he just as loudly informed everyone of the correction. Everyone should be more like the second best Space War player in the world. child "1. a young person especially between infancy and puberty 2. a person not yet of the age of majority..." It depends on the definition of child you are using, I always thought the first to be correct. https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/child > Ordinary working people don't spend a ton of quality time with their kids during the week. Quality time was a invention of the in-retrospect rather entitled parents of the 1970s who justified their neglect with the idea of "well I don't spend much time with my son but when I do it's quality time!". The truth is kids, particularly young kids just want time. They want to see you around and have you take a active role in their lives. You can be around and clean the house and cook dinner at the same time, have the child help. Kids would much rather have a parent who sits on the couch to watch TV with them for a half hour every night then one that takes them to Disneyland one Saturday a month. EDIT - Jerry Seinfeld on the topic: “I’m a believer in the ordinary and the mundane. These guys that talk about ‘quality time’ — I always find that a little sad when they say, ‘We have quality time.’ I don’t want quality time. I want the garbage time. That’s what I like. You just see them in their room reading a comic book and you get to kind of watch that for a minute, or [having] a bowl of Cheerios at 11 o’clock at night when they’re not even supposed to be up. The garbage, that’s what I love.” National average is somewhere around a thousand dollars a month presently, that is very affordable for the area. See also "poached" as if employees are a boar, living on the kings land getting fat for his ultimate consumption. I don't get disappointed. The best gift you can get me for my birthday is remove the obligation for me to get you one on yours. Saves so much mental energy and time. > Mental illnesses can be transmissible that way. The medical term for what you are talking about is compassion fatigue. It's symptoms look a lot like depression: "People who experience compassion fatigue may exhibit a variety of symptoms including lowered concentration, numbness or feelings of helplessness, irritability, lack of self-satisfaction, withdrawal, aches and pains, or work absenteeism." https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Compassion_fatigue Antidepressants and antianxiety medications decrease libido as well. I think Rush said it best: "There is trouble in the forest And the creatures all have fled As the maples scream, "Oppression" And the oaks just shake their heads So the maples formed a union And demanded equal rights They say, "The oaks are just too greedy We will make them give us light" Now there's no more oak oppression For they passed a noble law And the trees are all kept equal By hatchet, axe, and saw" https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=iDM8fXhRdWs Apparently I owe AWS 1 cent for DNS. The problem is I can't login to pay it, so every month I get a email that says "your aws account is going to be suspended" and 30 days later I'm disappointed that they didn't follow through with the threat. My daughter will be a hacker if she wants to follow in her old mans footsteps. Please don't take that away from her. This has been tested experimentally in a way and nearly everyone offered accepted a bribe, one that didn't said "not at this point" and only one reported it. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abscam "In the wake of Abscam, Attorney General Benjamin Civiletti issued "The Attorney General Guidelines for FBI Undercover Operations" ("Civiletti Undercover Guidelines") on January 5, 1981." Short answer: The AG made it much harder to do that sort of thing. Contract is a instant no for me. I've done the math and haven't found them to be competitive long term after what the above commenter mentioned (and that's before all the headaches of actually getting paid). Most of my peers feel the same way. This also factors into peoples calculations. If you suddenly have to pay for childcare there isn't much of a point to go back to work, even for 15 - 20 an hour. Wages are pretty sticky, I'd bet the unemployment benefits have already permanently increased the wage floor nationally. The eternal September is like entropy, it eventually catches up with all things. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eternal_September A service such as this would save Harvey Weinstein a ton of time. But iPads are faster! https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-fed-dudley-ipad-idUST... > Most people are roughly the same in terms of physical and mental capability Most of the people on the street? Yes. Most of the people in a history book or at the top of their fields? Not remotely. The author of this is in the second category. Loophole makes it seem like it was accidental. This happens over and over again, it's on purpose. The content is algorithm first, not human first. I too refrain from consuming articles written for computers. The visibility point is worth noting. I've noticed that in SE jobs, luck of the draw plays a lot into it. If you make modest progress on a project people are excited about, management will shout your name from the rooftops. On the other hand, toil nights and weekends on a loss leader and people will ask "do we really need Bob?" If you get put on a project like that, it's probably best career wise to find a new role. Self cleaning and self lubricating as well as kerosene is a solvent and lubricant. > Under a deal with the military court, Majid Khan, who has admitted being a courier for Al Qaeda, will give up his chance to call witnesses to his torture in return for being released as soon as next year. Shut up about us waterboarding you and we will stop waterboarding you in a few months. Are we the baddies? > we justify experimenting on a known serial killer if the experiment will save a million children's lives in the next 10 years? Without hesitation. A serial killer is someone who believes murder is acceptable and turnabout is fair play. Provided they are actually guilty there is little that is unjustified when dealing with willfully violent actors such as that. Add in now this person who has harmed society can be used to repair it and I can't think of anything more fair in a cosmic sense. This is a thought experiment in the real world you wouldn't know for a fact that ten million children would be saved or if the person is actually guilty but if you did the choice is unambiguous. I made a service to store arbitrary files as URLs that is similar. The hard part is files that are too large, I can handle files up to 5mb if you click on them all via local storage. Compression helps a lot as making them base64 increases the size quite a bit. https://podje.li You expect reporters to go deeper than the first page on Google? That is the system working as intended. Organizations, and those that lead them that can't hack it in the modern economy must be removed in order to make room for those that can. You so sure that the "someone else" actually existed? I've successfully called that bluff in the past. It's like when you interview for a new job and ask you if you are interviewing with anyone else, why would you ever say no? "Computer tells him where to start counting" Haha, fantastic. My reading of this really depends on the food involved. If it's something like bagna càuda the OP is being a little pretentious, if it's spaghetti I'm shocked. Burn tires for a year then reap the reductions the next. The most Orwellian thing I have recently witnessed was around the days prior to the inauguration. MSNBC was covering the border and commentators frequently used the phrase "kids in cages", after Biden took office they suddenly went from frequent coverage of "kids in cages" to infrequent coverage of "migrant overflow facilities". Nothing had changed policy wise, the man took office less than a week prior. Point being, Fox News aren't the only ones like that, they are just the only mainstream conservative outlet like that. Sounds like a crazy conspiracy theory, next they will be saying the president is an Manchurian candidate/agent of Russia and launch a similar fruitless investigation. If you come out of the sports team, we are the good guys mentality it's obvious this is tit for tat depending on who is currently in office. Many MSNBC viewers think the 2016 election was illegitimate just like Fox News viewers feel about 2020. Then there was the Obama birthers, they were preceded by people who thought Gore won... Ask the fans of a party about any election they lost and they will tell you the other team cheated going back a couple of decades. Interestingly we seem to have the safest and most secure elections on the planet should their preferred candidate win. Legitimate or not doesn't even really matter, you are going around complaining about the other team as opposed to holding your representatives feet to the fire. If you are perfectly happy with the state of things, that's fine but it's exactly what the grandparent described. You won't live to see Medicare for All, but AOC sure dunked on Ted Cruz on Twitter. > since the reason my congressional representatives can't pass legislation is due to Republican obstructionism, not because of AOC's twitter account Democrats can end the filibuster if they wish, however if the emperor actually has no clothes like I and grandparent suggest that would make it obvious. > you are saying the way to solve this issue is by getting rid of the filibuster? Yes. If the party that wins gets to drive then they will be responsible for the direction the country is headed in. After a few years, If people like that direction they will vote for them, if not they won't. The current system let's them blame the other guy every time they fail to do what they promised, the new one makes it clear that it just wasn't a priority for them. One way to limit partisanship is to work together, another way is to have one party win and be accountable, knowing that they will be replaced if they don't perform. I just have a entire domain for the purposes of spam. Anything sent to there ends up in my bulk folder. I use amazon@domain.com so I can tell who sells my email or gets hacked. Never noticed someone trying to send a email to any addresses I haven't previously used. Government. At best it's REST but good chance it's SOAP or scripts doing FTP transfers of huge CSV files in the night. My money is on FTP. Have the kids make a post to see who can get the most likes over a week, the teacher does a lame one as well ("read books this summer!"). Nobody likes the teachers post, until the last day when teacher buys 1000 likes for the post, blowing everyone away for $5. Now the kids know its all made up and the points don't matter. I don't trust anyone without running a skeptical eye over their claims. Blind faith in authority is authoritarianism manifest. Watch the video. It's clearly a joke, and fairly well done considering the medium. If I ran Ross I'd would've moved the guy to the social media team rather than fire him. I've seen super bowl commercials that were much less entertaining then what he put together. > Both automatically dial and redial EDD until they reach the agency’s hold line. Then they call a client and patch them through to wait on hold with EDD. The companies both said they then disconnect from the call so they do not overhear personal information. How does that work? If they disconnect the call ends since they are the originator doesn't it? Democracy not only can be authoritarian[0], Aristotle thought that it was the inevitable outcome. "Republics decline into democracies and democracies degenerate into despotisms." [0] https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tyranny_of_the_majority From the article GP provided: "About 10% of Amazonians receive a PIP. This is fairly high; at other companies, 0.5 to 3 percent of employees receive a PIP." Seems to be 3 - 20x the average. That's high. This makes sense. If I knew my team was going to lose 6% of it's members, I'd hire 6% more people to compensate for the loss. Even if the goal isn't to fire them that's what ends up happening. Why is the space force the first thing off the table and not say the endless wars in the middle east? It's illegal to fund terrorism, I don't think paying someone to fund terrorism is a defence in a court of law. This is a system I put together at my first IT job. Backups get pushed from devices between 1AM and 3AM each day, so the primary backup server enables it's network card at 1 and disables it at 3. Primary backup server also has a second network card, that in turn is attached to a small subnet containing it and the secondary backup server only. The secondary backup server pulls a copy from the primary on a weekly basis in a similar manner as the primary, disabling it's network card once it has finished. Maybe they can hit the primary if the infection takes place overnight, but the odds of getting the secondary are pretty low. Call me old fashioned, but I believe it is the role of the person being paid to justify the expense. If you get hand wavy and tell me its too complicated I'm just going to presume you are stealing from me. Republicanism, lots of little democracies competing against one another for citizens, yet united when it comes to things like national defense. The US was originally designed to be a constitutional republic but a growing federal government has degraded it to more of a simple representative democracy. Im not familiar enough with government in Oz to say but the closest example in modern times would be the EU, although they have a heavier hand than I'd recommend. If people in say France were unhappy with their government they can more easily move to Germany then if they were separate nations not in the EU. The key is giving the states enough control that they are distinct from one another while allowing people to move between them. If the federal government takes too much power the states become homogeneous and you lose the ability to vote with your feet like that. > With open borsers for people and trade can one meber state have different laws for banned items or substances? The Netherlands have fairly lax laws on substances and are a EU member. If you take something from the Netherlands into a country that doesn't want that item within their borders you are subject to the local laws. Same thing that would happen if you brought contraband from South America to the US really. One man's bug is another man's feature. >What information was anybody going to use? I used these three pieces of evidence to come to this conclusion for myself last year. 1. Wuhan is the epicenter of the outbreak. 2. Wuhan has a lab that works with bat covid. 3. China initally tooks steps to hide the virus from the world until that was no longer possible. >several US agency reports concluded that the virus likely did not originate from a lab. Keep that in mind next time. Not really. I believe Armstrong walked on the moon, Oswald shot Kennedy and 911 was a bunch of mostly Saudis flying planes into buildings. I question the attribution of hacks to Russia that often happens, not because I trust Russia or anything but because I'm capable of pulling off some of those attacks myself and I can do so without leaving evidence of what nation I'm in. I assume a team of elite Russian hackers would be more capable than me and could do the same. I did not see that coming, well worth the read if you just came here for the comments. I won't spoil it for you. > What will be the new factors in 2 years that aren't present now The location of the Overton window. Facebook is just hedging it's bets. George Bush is largely accepted by Democrats now many of whom wore F bush t-shirts a decade or so ago. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Overton_window These percentages can be all over the place due to different definitions of tax. Are you only talking federal or fully loaded? Do you only look at withholding or do you factor in any refunds? Do you include sales tax? What about increases to the prices of goods you buy due to corporate taxes? Capitol gains on your investments? Various fees that are paid to the government? The cost of compliance with regulations that you wouldn't of done otherwise? What about fines, commonly a large revenue generator in rural areas? Property taxes? Higher prices due to governmentally enforced monopolies? Devaluation of your holdings due to the printing of more currency? To start we must first agree on what we are counting. You have to sell a lot of $1 hamburgers to recoup the costs on your million dollar hamburger assembly machine. Same here, talked to some folks but they want me to spend a weekend on a example project before getting into any of the specifics of the job. I don't really want to waste my time to find out I don't even want the job. The problem really isn't people not paying tax. Americans have similar expenditures to Europeans on a per capita basis ($20,674 US vs $17,202 UK or $20,960 in France the highest taxed nation in terms of % of GDP) they just get considerably less for their money. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_governm... A possible solution I haven't seen yet. Eliminate stock buybacks and force firms to deliver dividends again. The most egregious was when the CFC ban went into place and the non-CFC inhalers were all under patent again. > The knowledge that hundreds of millions of people in the richest country that has ever existed live like that sickens me. This should make you feel better. Poor kids with leukemia would get CHIP in the US[0]. Similarly depending on your mother's age she may qualify for Medicare[1] or if so sick that she had little to no income Medicaid[2], but since shes a retired teacher she likely would have a pension with a state provided healthcare plan. What is a problem is being lower middle class and having a chronic condition that is not disabling, too poor to afford insurance yet not poor enough for assistance. [0] https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Children%27s_Health_Insuranc... [1] https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Medicare_(United_States) [2] https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Medicaid That's not my claim, just correcting a common misconception that apparently caused the OP emotional distress. Tens of millions of Americans already participate in these programs, nearly a third of the population. People deeply concerned with the healthcare in the US could assist in educating others about the options available to them as well as navigating the bureaucratic red tape. I never see this sort of messaging from these groups though, likely because it weakens their argument. Rather perversely it may be that they would allow the truly sick to suffer needlessly in hopes of obtaining socialized medicine for themselves. Look up your states abandoned property law, you'll have to inform them that you have it and don't want it and after a certain time it will typically become yours. Not a lawyer but this would be a small claims matter, if they wanted to sue they would have to do so in your state. Practically speaking you can do whatever you want because they aren't likely to travel to your state for that amount. Deutsche Bank just made a statement you may find interesting. https://www.cnbc.com/amp/2021/06/07/deutsche-bank-warns-of-g... If extracting heat from the earth's core isn't sustainable, nothing is. "Take me on an adventure" was always a instant no for me. In the modern world a spouse is supposed to be a equal partner, I'm glad I found my wife who feels the same way. I don't want someone I have to drag somewhere like a suitcase. Young men reading this, don't let it get you down or make you hate women, that path leads to ruin. In my experience once you become the sort of man who chooses not to participate when someone expects more from you then they are willing to give, the sort of women who is willing to be a equal partner comes out of the woodwork. They don't want to be with a loser either. In my view that's just saying at some point in the future the company will be devastated. Nothing has 100% uptime. This article doesn't mention how long the executives that approved it are going to prison for. A single count of theft by deception has a year maximum in my state, so presumably it's decades. I never got the impression that price differences are a function of billable hours but instead some vague notion of complexity. I don't think that 10x billed surgery consumed anything close to ten times the hours and materials. This would be akin to developers saying "Yeah it only took me 40 hours but it was harder then I thought so pay me for 400." I've never worked at a place that in my view meaningfully rewarded weekend work like this. In fact my salary went up considerably once I stopped doing it and people seemed to respect me more. My advice for young people is to make damn sure there actually is a pot of gold at the end of that rainbow and make sure you have in writing exactly how it will be distributed. People who want to actually pay you aren't afraid to put those terms to paper, people who are looking to take advantage run screaming from a paper trail. A good mechanic will tell you "it's $800 to fix the transmission, if the rotors are bad it'll be $1300." and if he finds is estimate is way off, that's his fault so he will take that on the chin and do right by the customer. Same for contractors who work on your home, sometimes you accidentally bid under cost and learn a lesson for next time. Hospital estimates in the rare case they are provided only seem to get revised in one direction, that seems like having cake and eating it too. If the high school drop out painter can live by his estimates, so can the national hospital chain full of Harvard Business School graduates. How likely do you think antitrust action is over the next decade? Without it, it's just going to be the same 3 companies again. If you recall a few years ago, Amazon raised wages to a $15 an hour and some said that this wasn't a move made out of altruism like they claimed, but instead due to the work conditions of their warehouses. In the last few months other large firms have offered wages in excess of $15 per hour, the Wal-Mart local to me has huge banners all over the store offering $17.75 for example. It appears that those who doubted the largesse of Amazon have been proven right. Amazon is probably going to need to move to $20-$25 given how demanding they are. I worked in the restaurant industry for a decade. People like to point to waitstaff having it rough but on a typical night they take home considerably more than the back of the house as well as pay little to no tax on cash tips. There is no special tax that I'm aware of to prevent that tax evasion. Given what we have learned regarding the catholic church, boy scouts and penn state athletics program. I'd say young boys have just as much to fear if not more. That said I'm with you on her walking to the park. The parent comment says they are well paid, the BLS has police officers and detectives grouped together at 67k per year. For contrast the often cited as underpaid high school teacher is listed at 62k. The average across all occupations is 41k. The same is true about teachers with the exception of the side gigs and overtime, however summers off allow for similar casual employment opportunities. Most teachers only have a bachelor's degree according to BLS, the same level of education required to be a detective. Most of my high school teachers used the same curriculum year after year, even including the USSR on maps they would hand out with instructions to ignore it handwritten on the top of the page. None did any grading over the summer as school was out and no work is being produced by students. My point here is that groups in the US often say either teachers are underpaid and cops are overpaid or the other way around but a simple Google search shows they make about the same. I've never found someone making this claim that could tell me how much either made, just that it was either too much or too little. If you feel teachers are undervalued, fine but teachers being underpaid and cops overpaid simply isn't logically consistent. I had a weird tick as a kid where anytime someone said something to me I had to mentally adjust the length of the statement so the number of words was divisible by 5. So for example if you said "Are you going to school today?" I'd add "my good friend, Will" in my mind. It drove me nuts, but I was unable to stop. Then one day it just went away. Still have no idea what that was but it plagued most of my childhood. I remember when I noticed that I didn't have to do that anymore and it was probably the happiest I felt prior to my daughters birth. Never told anyone about it before this comment. It's a strange thing to try and explain to someone. Regular alarms are loud for a reason. If the monkey with zero gains 5 and the monkey with ninety loses 5, the monkey with zero was more successful. It's not enough to look at where someone is, you have to look at where someone started. If you are a millionaire and your dad was a billionaire, you are probably one of the biggest losers on the planet. If your goal is to educate people, a billion dollars educates more people than your tireless efforts ever could. You could instead focus on some sort of personal goal, but if you are actually doing that you won't care how much money someone else has. I made a Sean Connery themed language with this book: https://github.com/willcipriano/Connery I recommend it, it was a lot of fun and I still tinker with the Connery from time to time. Game boy advance had a game boy on board as well. Its not clear to me why it is permissible for schools to ever punish children for nonviolent speech in the united states, the fact that it's even up for debate calls into question if the constitution still is the highest law of the land. I don't see the part where the rights only kick in once you are 18. I mean the stuff that is already impermissible for adults to say, calls for violence etc. I totally understand the practical implications and what they are trying to do, I just don't understand how it's legal without a constitutional amendment. I can see kicking them out of school and removing the compulsory requirement that they attend, but the "you must go here, and while here this speech is illegal" doesn't line up with my reading of the first amendment. If I was king I'd declare the whole country a school where criticism of me is banned. I've read it before. It mentions that the state must prove that the speech is disruptive to the administration of the school. The trouble there is the first amendment doesn't have that language. Further the type of speech that is disruptive to the administration of the school can also be the sort of speech the first amendment is there to protect. Under this standard a student who is molested by a faculty member may be forbidden from speaking out about it publicly as it is "disruptive to the administration". Good point. Another question is forcing someone to go somewhere and work day in and day out without convicting them of a crime is acceptable under the 13th amendment but I didn't want to muddy the waters too much. What is detention if not the state detaining you? Leave your LinkedIn as "looking for work", a email every day or two from someone who wants to hire you reminds you that you have other options and even if all this went sideways you'd land on your feet. In this market if your company burnt to the ground you'd likely end up with a short vacation and a raise. That of course happens but that isn't happening today, no reason to run yourself ragged in the current climate. Another stress tip I have is to live well within your means. I just refinanced my mortgage and I'm down to about $900 a month, taxes and insurance included. The local Walmart is offering $17.75 an hour so I'm in a position that so long as I have a job, any job, that's paying the local prevailing wage I can support my family. Never used finviz before, but I found a simpler link: https://finviz.com/insidertrading.ashx?oc=1549917&tc=1&b=2 That doesn't seem to be how anything else works. For example, when tech companies colluded to lower wages (anti-"poaching" agreements) I don't believe HR or the executive team was held personally liable. The same holds true for firms who have engaged in racial discrimination in hiring, or covered up risks with a new drug coming to market. Time and time again firms are asked to pay fines in response to executive malfeasance rather then the executives themselves, why is this different? If I'm taking the lion share of the risk on shipping a product, I'm also collecting the lions share of rewards or I'm not interested in participating. As new vulnerabilities are found every day, I'd expect those rewards to be ongoing, so they would look more like royalties, I'll need to be paid as long as you are using the software. Further I'll need to be able to invalidate that license when I no longer wish to carry the risk. I think under those conditions most firms would prefer to own the risk themselves. The pictures are one thing and bad enough. Including location and links to profiles could make you a party to stalking or worse, and that is quite unethical. I suspect it is shorted sighted in a sense, and not in another. The choice to prevent cancelation likely hurts the long term revenue of Microsoft and at the same time maximizes the short term revenue of that executive. He will be working somewhere else by the time that chicken comes home to roost, so it maximises his value long term. Isn't Ventrilo, Mumble and TeamSpeak just a digital version of a party line[0]? [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Party_line_(telephony) I am really looking for a Jeeves[0] like demeanor when you have thousands of my dollars. "Yes sir, right away sir." not "Sure bro ;) *eggplant emoji*" [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jeeves_and_Wooster Virtually all of the "cyber-attacks" in the past few months have been the "someone forgot to update Exchange this decade" or "someone left the default username and password configured" and not the "newly discovered OS vulnerability results in a drive by attack" variety. That sort of raw incompetence has been addressed by the many already existing standards. > Do you think it will be an outlier in a year? In two years? I think it will remain a outlier until that becomes the easier/more economical way for them to do business. Right now there is so much low hanging fruit that I'd see no reason to invest in a bucket truck to get at the stuff further up the tree. I'd say your prediction is at least a few decades away. Respectfully claiming to have given evidence to someone else, is not, in and of itself, evidence. It is merely a unsubstantiated claim. On a personal level, my gut is screaming that somethings fishy here. I'm reserving judgement until it all plays out in the courts. > but I've never liked the fact that on paper companies can easily claim ownership of them if they become worth it. My suggestion, if you are really worried about that, build something nobody wants. Couple of my projects, a Sean Connery themed lisp interpreter[0] and a file sharing site that doesn't host any files and isn't P2P[1]. That said, I don't think anyone has ever really looked at either of those projects during the job interview process. [0] https://github.com/willcipriano/Connery [1] https://github.com/willcipriano/Podje.li If your question is purely "is the value prime" the Fermat primaility test is very fast, probably about as fast as a hash table lookup on a table that large. Running Baillie–PSW to eliminate false positives isn't a huge deal either as it will only need to run if Fermat passes. It's not a horrible idea on its face and may indeed be a little faster, at the cost of lots of memory. I don't know of a use case where it would be worth it. I suspect the minimum wage is quite well below the natural wage floor in most, if not all of the country at this point. Those cashier jobs pay over twice the federal minimum wage in my area, and I don't live in a particularly wealthy place. The only adults I've ever known that worked for minimum wage did so with other opportunities available to them, but took the part time minimum wage position in order to stay on Medicaid and collect other means tested benefits. If you were to raise the minimum wage to say $12 I'd expect the effect to be largely symbolic. I don't think the minimum wage is the best solution for the problem, however it must be noted that the families that are the worst off tend to live in places where it is more common to not have a male adult in the household then the reverse. Two incomes to support a family only works if dad sticks around and actively participates in maintaining the household (of course single dad's exist too, but that is dramatically less common). Tipped workers take some liberties with the income math. I spent a decade in the restaurant industry and front of house made considerably more than the back of the house while also paying less tax even though they were "only paid $2.75 an hour". Generally speaking cash tips are not reported and tax free, a server will make in excess of $20 an hour in a moderately successful resturant. The back of the house jobs now start around $13 an hour for unskilled labor in a hot and dangerous kitchen, every cent of it subject to tax. In addition by under reporting income, tipped workers often gain access to social programs that their true income would disqualify them from. I don't know what the deal is with your university in particular, but your local Amazon warehouse is paying $15 an hour as that is their national minimum. Walmart just recently announced they are moving to $15 nationally as well I believe. A McDonald's owned by McDonald's itself (most are franchises and this is not the case) won't start you below $13, they aren't doing that because they are kind but because they found the wage floor for them to be about there. For context, I started dishwashing at the age of 13 at $8.25 an hour twenty years ago. In your position I wouldn't settle for one of those near minimum wage jobs take a look at things like garden centers, construction labor, bakeries, or even something like doordash that I hesitate to recommend but may be a better deal in this case. I do wonder why that town has wages so far below what I'm seeing around. Perhaps this has something to do with it being a university town and having lots of unskilled labor? I also do wonder if it being a self fulfilling prophecy is also a possibility, if you get a bunch of people together who belive that wages are lower then they are, a savvy busineessman might make that belief a reality. Either way it's a interesting case study, thanks for sharing your experience and I will consider it further as I continue to look into this topic. It was found in 2005 that they can take your property and give it to another private party simply by making the claim that its for the public good. This has been used to take homes from people so they can be bulldozed and replaced with new construction, the idea being that the larger tax base is for the public good. This makes the power in effect limitless as you can claim almost anything is for the public good. A major problem I have with this is appraisal prices often don't jive with reality. For example in San Fransisco houses almost always sell above asking, if the government were to step in and give the land away to a private person at asking they would be in effect getting a discount. Similarly my own home has had a lot of work put into it that doesn't effect it's appraisal price meaningfully, if forced to sell at that price I'd lose money. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kelo_v._City_of_New_London Is it your assertion that the poor did not consume tea in late 1700's America? I always assumed the Sons of Liberty had both wealthy and more middle class members. Beethoven and his deafness is another example. His condition profoundly effected his music, listen to Moonlight Sonata 3rd movement, when played by the right pianist you can feel his loss and frustration. The US constitution makes indefinite detention without trial illegal, same for torture and warrentless wiretapping. There is no stronger protection possible in our legal system, or any legal system that I am aware of. It is the duty of every public official, solider and police officer to uphold the constitution, they all take oaths to that effect. However all three have happened rather routinely over the past two decades and that's just the stuff we know about. The UK would be wise to learn from our mistake. > It all began when my client, Matthew Herrick, a waiter-actor-model, exercised his right to leave an abusive and controlling relationship. His ex retaliated by impersonating Matthew on the gay dating app Grindr. Using Matthew’s picture and name, the ex would say Matthew had rape fantasies and then directly message with men to set up sex dates. Grindr’s patented geo-locating technology resulted in stranger after stranger going to Matthew’s home and the restaurant where he worked expecting sex. Some days, Matthew had as many as 23 visitors. > By the time Matthew arrived at my office, exhausted and traumatized, he had already gotten an order of protection and reported the matter to the police 10 times. Yet, the flow of strangers—over a thousand at that point—wasn’t slowing. The unwitting strangers would wait for him in the stairwells at home, other times following him into the bathroom at work. “What about Grindr?” I asked. “They’re in the exclusive position to help.” Matthew said he had reported the matter to them 50 times. If I ran a dating site, I'd jump all over this. Sure it's the right thing to do, but even from a business perspective having your platform appear to be a safe place would be important for gaining new members. If this account is remotely accurate I can't think of an explanation for this other than colossal incompetence or evil. Exactly. I don't care that Bill Clinton cheated on his wife, they may have an arrangement for all I know. I care that he used his position as the most powerful man on the planet to sleep with a young intern. As a counterpoint JFK and Marilyn Monroe doesn't bother me at all, the power balance was much closer in that case and she was more than capable of navigating those waters. When you break a law, say speeding it is sufficient to prove that you were going above the speed limit. Pretty simple. Bribery laws aren't written like speeding laws, it is insufficient to prove that a official took money or favors and then acted in a manner beneficial to the payer, you must prove that they did so due to the payment specifically. This is virtually impossible so long as they aren't idiots and write the agreement down. One way to enforce this would be to do sting operations from time to time. This was done during the 70's, it was called ABSCAM and they hooked twelve high ranking public officials. Congress got real mad when the FBI did that and it was never attempted again. Must be nice to make the laws. > Features: > New update = new bugs > Poor graphic and sounds I have to say the first two "features" aren't doing you any favors. https://store.steampowered.com/app/1404560/Yerba_Mate_Tycoon... > If I normally spend $2k a month, but then lose my job and get $2k from the government, that's not going to cause inflation. That $2k a month that you used to earn is still out there somewhere unaccounted for. The same is true of life but life doesn't require student loans. The Soviet Union attempted to set prices for all goods in the economy. The trouble was that a raise in the price of say wood, would have downstream effects on things like the price of toothpicks. It was a big mess. I'd say it's harder to create a measure of carbon output for a given finished product that is remotely accurate. It really depends where each part of the pencil was manufactured, what specific materials are used, what manufacturing processes were applied, how each raw material was shipped, etc. Take that multiply it by a billion products and you have a huge mess. If the intention is to implement a carbon tax, I see no way of doing so without some relatively accurate measure of carbon output. Without that you are taxing not carbon but instead something else. The simplifies the problem technically and complicates it politically, at least in the US. Those hardest hit by a tax implemented that way are friendly with the elite of the US, so much so we have been at war with their enemies for decades. The majority of fertilizer used in the world is the result of the Haber–Bosch process[0] and that requires fossil fuels. Without the ammonia from this process, crop yields globally would drop like a stone.[1 see graph, world population vs. ammonia production] [0] https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Haber_process [1] http://sites.psu.edu/shelbyfosterportfolio/wp-content/upload... User story for this feature: "As a user if the phone I spent $1200 on is going to spy on me, I want it to also use my electricity." Find the closest related repo and add a scripts folder has been my approach. If you read the question it isn't clear that they actually store passwords in plaintext, they might of sent it along with the welcome email prior to hashing it. I agree. In the north east at least pothole avoidance is a critically important skill. Any "autopilot" without it would be fairly useless around me as I'd have to take over every 30 seconds to not end up with a flat tire. I have adaptive cruse control and that's about as far as I'll trust a computer to drive given the current tech.