MSR is a very powerful research org, agreed. In, say, machine learning and computer vision, this has been so for over 15 years. But the point, and it is a valid one, is that this research does not seem to be turned in to actual products. What is the systemic problem? Why has Google, which historically has had nowhere near the research depth, been able to innovate demonstrably, but not MSR? One hypothesis is that research innovation starts with a small idea. It's easier to deploy a small idea on the web than as part of shrink-wrap software. Google can field the small idea, and iterate it on the web. But to be included in the kind of software MS ships, you have to do things like (a) convince a project like Office to take it on, or (b) pitch it as part of a "big concept future system". Avenue (a) is very hard. And avenue (b) tends to produce vaporware. Sound familiar? Related: "Caring for Your Introvert" http://www.theatlantic.com/doc/200303/rauch I would add that German standards for auto maintenance are much higher than American ones. There are regular inspections (yearly?) to enforce these standards. I wonder if the authors of the study would be as on-board for intrusive inspections as they are for removing speed limits? It's hard to be sure you would have no leg to stand on. It would be an emotionally charged conversation, and misinterpretation would be likely. If the hiring manager, for instance, said anything about a legally protected characteristic (like age or marital status, for example), it could be easily construed as illegal discrimination. One could make the communication written to avoid certain types of misunderstanding, but then you'd give the lawyers an actual document to play with. There is no upside. Remember that the hiring manager can be sued personally , not just the business. Finally, consider another factor. Most of the time there are several qualified candidates and one may stand out. That does not mean the others were bad, just that one candidate clicked. It is of negative value to say "Nothing personal, but we really hit it off with Mr. Foobar and not you." Silence is actually better than pronouncing an under-informed judgement on someone based on a series of half-hour interviews. The C&D article (and the ones it points to about their road test) is really good. Because there are more people talking about this than actually know anything. Including in this thread. The C&D article does leave the door open to the possibility of the brakes not stopping the car. If you pump the brakes, rather than firmly putting them down once, you may lose vacuum, or overheat the brakes in a series of "slow down a little" steps. The vacuum is apparently hard to replenish when the throttle is open. The advice about turning the car off works sometimes, but not always. Suppose you're in a rental Lexus like the one the CA state trooper died in. Would you know that to kill the engine, you have to depress the off button for 3 seconds continuously? Three seconds is a long time with the throttle wide open. It seems the key technical mistake on Toyota's part, as pointed out in the C&D article, is to omit an interlock that kills the throttle when the brake is depressed. This is apparently standard on many other cars. Toyota's damage control on this has been disastrous. That is quite literally how it works, although most emerging artists (who are serious about their career, and who have a real chance at regional or national prominence) would probably not describe what they're doing as "noble", more like "crazy", but in the understanding that that's also the only path that works for them. The other option is to have rich parents. Sounds snarky, but it's true. In that case, you also get contacts and an understanding of the social class of most collectors. (My wife got her MFA from UCLA and shows around LA.) The Bush VSE (Vision for Space Exploration) was actually about directing money to Texas (JSC) and Florida (KSC), two key electoral states. (Ex-Majority Leader Tom Delay's home district in Texas includes JSC, e.g. http://www.spacepolitics.com/2004/11/23/delay-at-jsc-and-oth... ). This calculus explains why, as I think you note, they didn't care about actually getting to the moon . ;-) In particular, the VSE was not about using upstart private launch companies (such as SpaceX). It was about JSC, KSC, and the large prime contractors (USA aka United Space Alliance, and ULA = United Launch Alliance, both Boeing/LockMart joint ventures) that are associated with them and that together employ over 10K people. I believe SpaceX employs substantially less than 1000, even today. In typical Bush fashion, the VSE was all slogans and no substance. The officials involved believed in what they were doing, but there was not a coherent plan (actually there have been at least two phases of the VSE, with distinct strategies). And of course, as others above have noted, not enough money. The slogan for that approach was "go as you pay". (I.e., we will do the best we can with what you give us.) Sounds cute, but does not get you into orbit. Lumping JPL/Caltech in with LockMart and Boeing does not make sense. The first is a research lab mainly concerned with conceiving and building robotic (unmanned) missions. The second two are mainly involved with operating manned flight systems. No comparison. Same here, and this rings true. "Nice" is what you get, and nice has its limits. What's the distinction between what you're proposing and Squeezebox (formerly slimp3)? http://www.logitechsqueezebox.com/ Their low-end product is a table radio at $150 street price. I've also had an excellent experience with 3 versions of their hardware (slimp3, squeezebox2, radio). Another pointer with a HN resonance is (note the beer bottle): http://gigaom.com/2006/09/07/portrait-of-a-startup-slim-devi... Of course they sold to Logitech some time ago: http://gigaom.com/2006/10/18/slim-devices/ In fact, the NASA budget was not cut. It is increasing over the next few years. The initiative discussed will mean reformulating (again) the manned spaceflight program (which is a good idea). It would probably not be a good thing to "give NASA a massive budget". It would prove politically unsustainable, and then it would be cut back down. The resulting turmoil is not usually worth it. Or alternatively, the reflexive need of some to transpose everything into NY terms to "understand" it. http://strangemaps.wordpress.com/2007/02/07/72-the-world-as-... If you do this, and use a MBP, beware of this problem: http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/youtube/thread?tid=7cf... Symptoms are a very loud click, and then no audio plays until the computer's audio is reset -- do this by plugging in and removing an external device. It happened to my MBP and I thought I'd broken the hardware, it was that loud. The early Titan launches were not too successful either: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Titan_launches The Delta's were between 90-95% successful: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Delta_(rocket_family) The expertise of the SpaceX people I've known is impressive. I think it's too early to tell whether the SpaceX advantages (dropping cost-plus, plus incorporating 50 years of rocketry experience) will result in better technology. There are lots of reasons to suppose it will. I don't know the duration, but would be surprised if that huge structure lasted more than a few hours (due to the lack of visible rotation of the feature -- the rotational period of the sun is about 27 days as seen from Earth). The spatial scale is also awe-inspiring. The diameter of the prominence is about 1/6 that of the Sun. The Sun is about 110x the diameter of the Earth. This means 15-20 Earths would fit, end to end, inside the magnetic loop. For another point of comparison, see: http://umbra.nascom.nasa.gov/eit/images/Sun_and_earth.jpg Keep in mind that the instrument developers who built the two imagers onboard have spent the last ~10 years of their life working largely on this project. For many of them, it will be the crowning achievement of their career. The results are likely to reshape the discipline due to the increase in spatial and (especially!) temporal resolution. To get this thing to work, they had to overcome a lot of technical obstacles, including thermal stability of the focal plane and optics (it's a high-resolution telescope that mostly sits in the sun, but goes into Earth's shadow regularly, altering lengths of optical paths), and bandwidth issues (a set of 16-bit 4096x4096 images every ~10 seconds). Finally, and this is not made clear in the press materials, they're exploiting some neat spectral effects to get unusual "images": spatially-resolved velocity (thru Doppler shifting of spectral lines) and spatially-resolved magnetic field (thru the Zeeman effect). That is, an image of local magnetic field. Those calibrated images are a main driver of the science -- although the flare pictures are cool. Putting it all together is an impressive technical feat. An apple also figures in the story: "One day, when Gregor emerges from his room, his father chases him around the dining room table and pelts him with apples. One of the apples becomes embedded in his back, causing an infection. Due to his infection and his hunger, Gregor is soon barely able to move at all." (via wikipedia) I think introducing some mystery of programming would be nice. The draft is very linear and predictable. How about a random number generator (linear RNGs are easy to code)? Or a line-by-line chaotic ascii art generator (like Wolfram's CA's)? Or, some other way to combine some of the string stuff with the arithmetic stuff. Also, I think python's + and * string operators are far cooler than the string escape sequences. A 6th or 7th grader would have mastered + and * for numbers, and the extension to strings might be interesting to them. Think of how cool some of the examples in SICP are as an inspiration. Simple, powerful, surprising . Not just type this, get that. The last page is nice, and insightful about the expanding future for using programming to advance another discipline. The bitterness at the end ("go to hell") was an off-taste. Nice article with a lot of information. Honest question here: you make some strong claims, have you been involved in speech recognition research, or are you an informed outsider? It seems like the latter? Poking fun at AI optimists like Kurzweil is fun, but not insightful at this time. The field has taken a different direction since then and I'm not sure that people know where corpus based statistical methods are going to go. Again, honest question. Why these quotes? Is anything Thomas Jefferson, Walter Mondale, or the Dalai Lama said automatically true? The tedious parts of the job are left on the (proverbial) cutting room floor. Like construction projects, there's a lot of people just standing around waiting at a shoot. Probably you're the only one at the restaurant who cares that you're eating alone. Certainly your dinner alone is well below Yahweh's interest threshold. So, relax, slow down, and enjoy your meal. Because you're not busy talking, you can appreciate your food better. For me, it's probably the iconic picture of 20th century political action. Antenna size is not the problem with reception. It's white gaussian noise over the deep space channel progressively overcoming signal power as the spacecraft recedes. The channel capacity never drops to zero, but as power drops, data rates get lower and lower. Quite true. One standard solution is TMR: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Triple_modular_redundancy I doubt that Voyager used TMR, they probably used the best rad-hardened hardware they could build at the time (within power and weight constraints). They've got to be simplifying this a lot for the sake of making a press report understandable. They don't even know there's only one bit flipped. If there is one, they will have to do some analysis to figure out that it would really cause the problem. Some other relevant details from http://voyager.jpl.nasa.gov/Proposal-2008/Voyager_SR_2008.pd... : "Voyager 1 is escaping the solar system at a speed of about 3.6 AU/year while Voyager 2 is leaving at about 3.3 AU/year. Power is the limiting lifetime consumable. The two spacecraft have power to continue returning science data beyond the year 2020. It is likely that at least one of the spacecraft could enter interstellar space while adequate power is still available. All other consumables are adequate for continued operations well past 2020." "Electrical power is supplied by three Radioisotope Thermoelectric Generators (RTGs) which are performing nominally. The current power levels are about 286 watts, with power margins of about 34 watts and an average degradation rate of about 4.3 watts per year." "Real-time telemetry data capture is accomplished using 34- and 70-meter tracking antennas of the DSN. Capture of the recorded high rate plasma wave data from Voyager 1 requires the use of an array of 70- and 34-meter antennas." "Uplink communication is via S-band (16-bits/sec command rate) while an X-band transmitter provides downlink telemetry at 160 bits/sec normally and 1.4 kbps for playback of high-rate plasma wave data." Look at his publications: http://wuphys.wustl.edu/~katz/publist.html He does not seem to have particular expertise on this problem. Here's a good summary of the team Steven Chu, himself a Nobelist, appointed: http://tpmmuckraker.talkingpointsmemo.com/2010/05/mission_im... Note that Katz is called the "What am I doing here" person. And note, the above summary piece was posted in advance of those writings coming out. I think the real issue is, why did Chu ask Katz to join the team in the first place? He's really not got the same track record as the others on the team. Not even close. If you just want the equations, try: http://www.ece.cmu.edu/~byronyu/papers/derive_ks.pdf And for the EKF: http://www-npl.stanford.edu/~byronyu/papers/derive_eks.pdf In the days when Sussman was a novice Minsky once came to him as he sat hacking at the PDP-6. "What are you doing?", asked Minsky. "I am training a randomly wired neural net to play Tic-Tac-Toe." "Why is the net wired randomly?", asked Minsky. "I do not want it to have any preconceptions of how to play." Minsky shut his eyes. "Why do you close your eyes?", Sussman asked his teacher. "So the room will be empty." At that moment, Sussman was enlightened. My point: not to confuse "no preconceptions" with "not much directly usable knowledge." Look at the resumes of the people on the team. You've got the head of one of the premier research institutions in the nation (Sandia), a national medal of science winner who has consulted about the Kuwait oil well disaster, a robotics engineer, and a petroleum engineer. And an astrophysicist. About Feynman, remember, he was a Nobelist and widely understood, when he was appointed, to be the most brilliant physicist of the latter half of the 20th century. His university (Caltech) runs a NASA facility, JPL, where his sister and a lot of his colleagues worked. This is not a fair summary of the facts. One person you describe as a nuclear engineer also did this: "In 1991, Garwin convened a symposium of experts to discus ways to stem oil flows from Kuwait wells, set on fire by Iraq during the Gulf War." One other person you describe as a nuclear engineer was also head of Sandia for 5 years. You will end up with a broad knowledge of engineering techniques in a wide-ranging position like that; robotic handling techniques for nuclear material are something DOE labs know a lot about. Another person is a robotics engineer; again, highly relevant here. The reason that's there is historical instances of profiteers selling substandard food to the military. Here's a static picture of the same thing, but much more accurate and inclusive: http://ssd.jpl.nasa.gov/?orbits e.g., http://ssd.jpl.nasa.gov/?ss_inner http://ssd.jpl.nasa.gov/?ss_distant I agree with your friend; the optimal strategy is more nuanced than "don't say anything". In fact, a lot of New Scientist online articles have this problem. I've stopped clicking. The book "The Commissar Vanishes" presents bunch of before-and-after photographs in which various of Stalin's associates and henchmen are removed from photos after they become persona non grata. Some examples: http://tfustudios.blogspot.com/2009/11/commissar-vanishes.ht... The first photo above shows an eerie example: So many of the commissars have been removed from the official history, that Stalin is alone in the photo. With all respect, people should be doing things they're drawn to. When you're about to retire, if you didn't enjoy the ride, you probably chose wrong, even if you were Floyd or Warshall. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ozymandias "messy divorce": http://moschus.livejournal.com/141570.html Suddenly, everyone is broke: http://moschus.livejournal.com/140610.html From the article: "Furthermore, all types of quantum computers have been shown to be mathematically identical, so if one won't work, none of them will." This is vague, and does not say if it pertains to only QC's used on problems in NP, or in general. As other posters have noted, the subject resists simplification. For more, see: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quantum_computer#Relation_to_co... http://qwiki.stanford.edu/wiki/Petting_Zoo#BQP The fanboy phenomenon is real: people, usually guys, often younger, who idolize one brand of hardware, usually because it's what they own. It's just like: http://www.nytimes.com/slideshow/2009/08/28/automobiles/0830... So, we might as well have a word for it. MO has become specialized in combinatorics, graph theory, and algebra; if you didn't go deep in these areas you may feel at a loss. But additionally, the level of formality and carefulness in discourse is considerably higher than SO or HN. It's more reminiscent of LTU. That would be symmetric, but no, it's not the case. Most of the SO questions are of a more naive character. ("I got this error message, what do I do?") I disagree with this. For non-cryptographic purposes, the Mersenne Twister is very pseudorandom, has a huge period, and is competitively fast. There are also related shift-register techniques that have these properties. The state of the art in PRNG's is still advancing, but it takes a fairly esoteric example to find a blind spot of the MT (if initialized properly, as wrappers should do). Way outside the "generate a random 512x512 bitmap" variety. Passed in 1996, not that long ago: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Helms–Burton_Act One version, by John Dryden (1681): Great wits are sure to madness near allied, and thin partitions do their bounds divide. http://pr.caltech.edu/periodicals/336/articles/Volume%202/05... This is a classic question where some of the usual assumptions of the method conventionally applied, the Maximum Likelihood (ML) principle, break down. There's a good explanation at: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/German_tank_problem#Example In a nut, the ML estimator of N, the number of tanks produced, is the max of the serial numbers. But this is biased, in particular, it tends to systematically underestimate N. (Because you're unlikely to actually observe the top serial number in your random sample.) So you can add a correction term which is, intuitively, the expected gap between the serial numbers in the finite sample. The correction makes up for the fencepost effect. It goes to zero as the number of samples increases. You can show that the max is a comprehensively better estimator than twice the mean. This is one of the rare cases where you can outperform the mean by a large margin. The standard deviation of the mean-based estimator, which measures its accuracy, will go down like 1/sqrt(n) where n is the number of samples in the finite set. This is the rate standardly seen in lots of estimation problems. But the standard deviation of the max-based estimator will go down like 1/n, a much faster rate. That's one manifestation of the "weirdness" of this problem. It means you can get surprisingly good estimates of the number of tanks considering the small numbers of observations. I like that explanation. For every commonly used frequentist estimator, there is an uncountable infinity of intractable Bayesian estimators. The usual way is to define variance as the expectation of the number times its complex conjugate -- it's complex magnitude. In particular, the variance is real. In the pseudo code, the key lines are the two after the "else" in "Push". The recurrence for the mean (first line of the two) would be unchanged. The second line, the update for m_newS, would need a conjugate on either the first or the second parenthesized expression (in the product). Since eventually the returned variance is proportional to Sk, Sk must be real. Being real, Sk must equal its transpose. So, it must not matter which parenthesized expression you conjugate. And, you should be able to just store Sk as a real number. To verify that it does not matter which side you put the conjugate on, just expand the defining expression for Sk (given in the article). By plugging the expression for M(k) into that for S(k), you will see the additive correction to S(k) comes out in terms of: delta = x(k) - M(k-1) In fact, it comes out in terms of delta times its conjugate, no matter which place you put the conjugate. (This also checks that Sk is indeed real when computed this way.) Doing this algebra is good because it allows you to simplify the complex arithmetic considerably. I would assert that people don't even know how to conceptualize the question in these terms ("random number" == "uniform distribution"). After you do study probability (by gambling, by lab work, by quantitative programming, or, least fun, in coursework), you get introduced to the "right questions to ask", like: "what's the distribution", "are the samples independent", "what are you conditioning upon" For instance, many people don't know that the distribution of the sum of two dice looks very different than just one die. They're both random, but not both uniform. Often people know something's weird, but can't formulate the question because they don't have the language. I get "snap" reliably from Chrome 5.0.375.70. I get crashes from Safari 4. OS X 10.6.3. Part of the problem with objective cost/benefit analysis in the case of nuclear exposure is the history of government deception about the risks of nuclear experiments. All that lying has made people very distrustful of both scientists and the government. I found http://mitpress.mit.edu/catalog/item/default.asp?ttype=2&... to be a revelation in this regard. It's about the uses and abuses of the Nevada test site over the 1950s. From the summary: "In the late 1950s, birth defects and deaths from cancer began to soar among civilian and military test-site workers and their newborn children, and among "downwinders" living in Nevada, Utah and other western states. Gallagher, a professional photographer, spent several years interviewing and photographing these nuclear-test victims and gathering evidence of official indifference, callousness and outright cover-ups. The sheer density of suffering depicted here is awesome; in certain Utah towns, for instance, Gallagher found cases of cancer in every house. The bitter, stoic testimony of the victims (many of whom have since died), accompanied by Gallagher's photographic portraits of them, is deeply disturbing and exposes a major national scandal. " Maybe it has to do with the drugs being a felony? Eric Schmidt of Google claims to delete essentially all his e-mails: http://www.slate.com/id/2249124/pagenum/all On the West coast it's pretty common to know a Japanese American family who had a family member, still living, in an internment camp. It's usually not the first thing that gets talked about. It's very real history. For more: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fundamental_theorem_of_arithmet... I agree that some mathematical objects are "more fundamental than others"; primes are probably among the most basic. If you're interested in the ontological status of mathematical entities, and the process and meaning of mathematics, check out "The Mathematical Experience" by Davis and Hersh, http://books.google.com/books?id=lMdz84dWNnAC&printsec=f... There is a section on primes starting on page 209. The SBIR program is kind of like what you're proposing: http://www.sbir.gov/solicitations/ It's walled off so that larger entities cannot propose to it (somewhat contrary to "free market" principles, but whatever). I've managed proposal reviews for SBIR, and the average quality is noticeably lower than NSF proposals I've reviewed. Of course there is significant overlap between them, but that's the average. So I'm not sure your idea would accomplish anything new. It's far broader than DoD. See the solicitation I referenced or: http://www.sbir.gov/federal_links.htm (I managed a small SBIR category for NASA.) Despite the rhetoric, they do provide a sustainable flow of work to many organizations (sometimes referred to as "SBIR shops"). About basic vs. applied research: What I was trying to say is: The relative lack of breakthrough success for SBIR seems to imply that smaller, more nimble (market-responsive?) organizations are not the answer. Nice link. The article before Mazur's, by Davis (author of the book I mentioned above) is also good. There's a lot of them (dozens) at various office buildings where I work. They're good for an office setting, where people get used to the quirks, which are mainly: nothing but urine in the urinal (in particular, no saliva, which can clog the one-way-flow mechanism). At an airport, it would be asking for trouble. http://www.longnow.org/ http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deep_geological_repository http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SubTropolis First, you need a 70m antenna. http://deepspace.jpl.nasa.gov/dsn/ http://deepspace.jpl.nasa.gov/dsn/images/realtime/latestS.jp... And, it seems simple, but is not: you need very precise pointing, and very precise ephemeris ( http://ssd.jpl.nasa.gov/?horizons ) to get the relative velocity to the s/c. You need velocity so you know what the Doppler-shifted frequency of the transmission will be. I agree that the point is interesting. Part of it is the differentness of the environment (high radiation, low temperature, microgravity, great distance). This necessitates a rethinking of design constraints at a fundamental physical level -- i.e. deriving system constraints from first principles. Another part of it is the unique nature of a lot of the stuff we send out there -- rovers to Mars, planetary orbiters with exotic cameras, Earth-orbiting satellites with hyperspectral imagers or advanced radars, powerful telescopes with cryogenic optical/infrared cameras. Here's an example (.mov): http://marsrover.nasa.gov/gallery/video/movies/mer_ch_edl_Te... from http://marsrover.nasa.gov/gallery/video/challenges.html The calculated and blatant appeal to three market segments (women, corporates, teens) is part of the unhip smell of the ad. Yes, see van der Linden's Deep C Secrets: http://books.google.com/books?id=4vm2xK3yn34C&printsec=f... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Race_to_the_bottom Why the downvotes? The linked page points to the judicial concept of the "Race to the Bottom" in which countries/states/counties competitively weaken their laws to attract investment. The record of scientists in examining the links of race and intelligence is not so good. People tend to jump to conclusions even when they think they're being logical. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eugenics http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Craniometry I wasn't drawing the conclusion that we should not explore the question. But I do think people should wonder: With all the useful, actionable questions arising from genetic research, why are we attracted by an unseen force to the particular question of intelligence and race? Why not try to address a question more likely to help people (e.g., the genetic origin of certain diseases)? Why the fascination with this question? I'm not talking about forbidding certain investigations, just trying to be smart about prioritizing investigations. You say "...it will probably show that..." -- already injecting preconceived notions of the outcome into the scientific question. This is an example of why investigations into this question seem to reveal more about the investigator than the question. The insight was in knowing to look at differences, week(n) - week(n-1). That was not the raw data. They also noticed that the percentages of "men in favor of Obama" and "women in favor of Obama" did not tend to be odd/even or even/odd numbers. They were even/even or odd/odd. That's obvious only in hindsight. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation_Chastise The technology was innovative, but the results were mixed. Almost half the aircrews died, and the main casualties of the resulting floods were forced laborers and POWs. I felt that article had a point, but overstated it. There are lots of domains -- simulation, computer vision, robotic control, machine learning -- which are CPU bound and will remain so for the next decade. In fact, one of the cutting edges of these domains is always CPU bound, practically by definition (sensor densities also increase quickly with time). The following is probably the best-known result bearing his name: http://www.scholarpedia.org/article/Rao-Blackwell_theorem His race seems to have profoundly affected his career trajectory. See also: Alan Turing, Albert Einstein. The Guardian's reporting package is considerably more comprehensive than the NYT. In short, the lack of a proof-based class renders students Calc-clueless. (groan) This happened to me. I went straight from high school calc into college differential equations because the AP score allowed me. It took a Rudin-based analysis course, much later, for me to appreciate proofs of convergence or epsilon-delta arguments, because my H.S. calc did not have them, and the college diff-eq assumed you knew them already. The shock was painful. Eventually though, you learn what you need to know. referring to http://daringfireball.net/misc/2010/07/url-matching-regex-te... you can see he wants to match things like www.example.com, but not filename.txt So www. can introduce a url also. The LAPD has a much more informative interface http://www.lapdcrimemaps.org/ which separates out crime by types. You can clearly see patterns such as GTA's (car theft) along major streets in Hollywood. It seems mistaken to assert that Google's R&D enterprise is not "pushing the boundary of what's possible". Stopping with published papers and conference prominence, when you have the reach that MSFT does, seems to be missing an opportunity. And given this, which culture is under more pressure to change, MSR's or Google's? ed preceded TCP (first ed manual I could find is dated 1971; the first TCP research paper was by Cerf and Kahn in 1974). When ed was used, it would be common to interact with the computer on a teletype, not even on a crt monitor. So a response meant printing characters on paper. sed was and is more about programmatic editing (i.e., editing a stream as it was generated, using a script for commands), or editing of large files that would overwhelm system memory, not about some kind of remote usage the way you're describing. Nope, not confusing them. I'm well acquainted with MSR. Just saying that the focus on papers and conference presence/sponsorship has not translated into impact on products. Seems a pity. Here is a summary of this very long review article, as done by a Science magazine summary I read: "Although undergraduates from wealthy nations are numerous and willing research subjects, psychologists are beginning to realize that they have a drawback: They are WEIRDos. That is, they are people from Western, educated, industrialized, rich, and democratic cultures. In a provocative review paper published last week, a pair of researchers argues that WEIRDos aren't representative of humans as a whole and that psychologists routinely use them to make broad, and quite likely false, claims about what drives human behavior." The claim that the Word layout engine is as good as TeX's is not correct. Even for math-free text, TeX does a better job of hyphenating and line-breaking. The TeX algorithm specifically tries have low variability in line-to-line fill density. Word does not care, which can result in a loose line between two tight lines, causing horizontal stripes in a block of text. For much more, including ligatures, kerning, and transparency, see: http://nitens.org/taraborelli/latex My point above is his point #7. The only problem is that the cross-references may be out of sync. This is usually not a serious barrier to readability. Another gcc analogy is a dependence on a third-party library whose API keeps changing. Then you'd have to run gcc once to regenerate the library, and once on the client using the library. Peeling that back a level, the analogy is between files like libfoo.a and foo_defs.h (for gcc) and files like section1.aux and document.bbl (for latex). That's precisely where Norvig is coming from. Given their infrastructure, it's entirely possible that some portion of their A/B testing is run this way (i.e., test thresholds chosen to maximize information gain). The real big one would be the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, which the article does highlight. That's order of $1000B. This is an excellent article, from a researcher who knows what he's talking about (Thurston is a Fields medalist). Section 6 begins on the page numbered 173. It may be interesting to note that one way objects are discovered now is by automated sky surveys ("event factories" or "robotic telescopes") like this one: http://voeventnet.caltech.edu/feeds/Catalina.shtml The essence is to make multiple passes over the sky, comparing current images with past images. Large image-differences represent moving objects, which are looked up in a database. If they are new, they are entered into an event queue, represented above. In principle, other robotic telescopes can scoop up promising events and follow up on them. According to this ECMWF planning document (page 14, figure 4): http://www.ecmwf.int/about/programmatic/strategy/strategy.pd... the forecast skill for ECMWF and NOAA have been improving pretty steadily over the last 15 years. Basically, we're seeing two days farther into the future now than 20 years ago. I agree that chaotic dynamics and various noise sources limit the time horizon for weather predictions to perhaps 2 weeks. Well, I think you said two things. (1) "Predicting Weather is near impossible in theory forget the practice." and (2) Quoting wikipedia, "Weather is usually predictable only about a week ahead." These two remarks are not quite opposites, but almost. The key difference between economics and weather is that experiments with prediction change the economic system's dynamics (e.g., large-scale automated trading), but not the weather system's dynamics. I can barely understand what you're saying here, so I won't comment beyond this reply. The time scale is critical. If you look at any review of numerical weather prediction accuracy, such as the one I linked to above, you will see it's a key parameter. It's why 3-day forecasts are excellent and 7-day forecasts are not very good. Good 3-day predictability does not imply good 7-day predictability. This is no different than the pictures of the state trajectories of the Lorenz system ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lorenz_attractor ) starting from two nearby states, which stay together for a time, and then diverge suddenly. It's true, the relevant laws are the Navier-Stokes differential equations, not simple laws like F = m a. But, we can observe the boundary conditions and propagate the system state forward in time. These equations do constrain the future dynamics. Sometimes these smaller perturbations are called "sub-grid phenomena". I think practitioners think of them as, say, pressure waves or flows which average to zero when observed on a 10km x 10km grid. But it is possible that their ultimate origin is on a much finer grid ;-) Another problem, separate from these effects, is getting closure on the variables in the model. Things like evaporation from soils and vegetation, for example, which ECMWF is trying to include in their models. You put them in the weather model to improve accuracy, and all the sudden you need a time-dependent model for soil and vegetation water content. And also, sensors to satisfy the boundary conditions for your model (e.g., to estimate plant vegetation type). For instance, eq. (7) used to calculate significance values is the invention of the first author and is not widely accepted. Also, eq. (1) assumes joint independence of all M = 22 frequency bands, which has not been justified. So you did not go to Europane on Colorado near Mentor for baked goods? This is not a good strategy. Besides the other good comments, consider the following: If you're traveling from place to place, you'll be exposed to a parade of regional bugs that locals, who have more stable habits, will not be. And your schedule (reservations, plans, etc.) may not be able to afford the downtime. Finally, you don't know the health care setup, so you won't always be able to sense if something is substandard. I spent a day in a hospital in India with a very high fever (delirious) and dehydration due to a bit of uncooked chutney that none of the locals (whom I knew) had problems with. They had to give me an IV to rehydrate me. My main goal was to try to keep it together enough to ensure that the clinic was using a sterile needle for the IV. This was not a high point of the trip. Useful post. It addresses some of the facile comments above that the Freakonomics article is just about business/pricing strategy, by calling out some of the non-economic opinions pushed in the article. ("Allie is like the ideal wife", Allie is successful because she sees good in everyone, etc.) It's glib and myopic -- concentrating on this little aspect of pricing, and highlighting all the sunny and upbeat sides of being a prostitute, passing over the bad stuff almost completely. Doubtful, look at the profile in the patent. They need to hit a tightly specified current vs time profile. And a cap would be a separate component, and they are failure prone. I agree, it is fixed. I have had both and I no longer have to cover the LED when I go to sleep. Culturally, Cornell has always been a place that concentrates on theory and enduring research questions. After Cornell I spent time at Caltech and the difference in values and focus is large indeed. It seems every Caltech engineering/science faculty either has co-founded a tech company (successful or not), or is involved in experimental validation of some of their ideas. I always thought the reason for Cornell's culture is mainly your point 0 - isolation from the Real World and from Money. The hippie vibe of Ithaca might also play a part. But the reason actually does not matter. It might be best to go along with this current for your time there. Play to its strengths. Or, as amoore notes, you can find a niche, like in the Theory Center, where applications are more in the front. Incidentally, I don't share your feelings in your point 2. But, I was in EE (a separate silo?) I think the OR&IE people are applications-friendly. The art school at Cornell is not a strength. This article is trash. There's a solar max every 11 years. There are flares and coronal mass ejections associated with near-max conditions, although they can happen at almost any point in the solar cycle; this has been the case for centuries. But nobody can predict whether the flares and CMEs will be historically intense this cycle; known science does not support such predictions. We didn't predict the weird "double dip" in Cycle 23 ( http://science.nasa.gov/science-news/science-at-nasa/2008/28... ). And the SEC ( http://www.swpc.noaa.gov/SolarCycle/ ) has predicted cycle 24 will be a dud. It's a crap shoot anyway -- the significance of a particular flare or CME for Earth depends on lots of chancy factors, not least, whether the CME is pointed at the Earth or not. The rotational period of the Sun is 28 days; +/- 1 day means the CME misses Earth. They forgot sed. I have a hard-copy OED in the full-size edition. I always use online dictionaries because I don't much care about etymology (which is the OED specialty), and because looking words up manually is tedious. If you're thinking about getting one, maybe start with the unabridged Webster's third and see how it goes? I'd recommend oregano or marjoram. Oregano, especially, is a robust grower (more so than basil) and good for pizza, pasta, and other Italian dishes. With all similar herbs, including basil, you get much more foliage if you pinch back the buds before they flower. I planted oregano outside (in LA) about 5 years ago and the same plant is still growing. It's about 4 feet in diameter. It used to be standard advice in women's self-defense classes (e.g., http://modelmugging.org/ ) to avoid at all costs being coerced into a vehicle. Being in a vehicle with an assailant was said to lower your odds of escaping considerably. It is an insightful line. Partners in crime is the concept, though, I think. In this a very trivial "crime". She's a beautiful writer with a very distinct voice. Observant, noticing the telling details. Her essay compilations "Slouching towards Bethlehem" and "The White Album" are essential reading if you're interested in California in the late 1960s and into the 1970s -- she lived in LA at the time, and is definitely an outsider to the hippie/boomer explosion, some of the side-effects of which are in the essays. (The essay above was about her move from Manhattan to LA; she grew up in Sacramento.) Another influential essay of hers is "The Deferential Spirit" from 1996 (teaser at http://www.nybooks.com/articles/archives/1996/sep/19/the-def... ) which demolishes the technique and works of Bob Woodward. Such a smart comment. The ideals matter, but so do the individual kids. What works for some may not work for your kids, or for you as a parent. Being adaptive gives better results than following the One True Way. Especially with a thing like "childhood," which is so idealized -- it's easy to get carried away. Also, as a parent, you have to remember that your issues about school (too strict, too unstructured, too much bullying, not enough recess, whatever) are likely to not be the issues of your kids. You shouldn't be making their educational choices to compensate for retrospectively-understood mistakes in your own education. Since when did "the government" take over "the universities"? What department of "the government" gives orders to university professors? DARPA? NOAA? I guess this is a transnational agreement, because faculty move back and forth across the oceans, and their opinions don't change much. "The government" must be a lot more well-organized than I'd suspected. I had a friend take the photos for the cost of film. Years later, we look at only a handful of photos anyway. No regrets. YMMV. The simple reason is that the photo was imaged with a filter that admitted a wide band of spectrum ("continuum" or "white light"). The science images you see are with very narrow filters, which pass light of a very-very specific color. These filters are typically about 1nm wide, the range of visible light is hundreds of nm (380-750nm). The Sun emits a lot of photons, so it's no problem to filter them out. Why do they look in these narrow bands? When you do so, you see only plasma at a certain temperature range -- by varying where the tiny passband is, you see different cross sections of heated plasma. This turns out to be very useful to understand the solar atmosphere and in particular the corona; the coronal heating problem ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Corona#Coronal_heating_problem ) is the major unsolved problem in solar physics. A good scientific explanation of the remote sensing problem is at: http://aia.lmsal.com/public/firstlight.html The story of these bands is fascinating. See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Astronomical_spectroscopy and http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fraunhofer_lines As a teaser, before the quantization of spectra was known, it was considered impossible to ever know the chemical composition of the Sun. What are you going to do, land there and take a sample back to the lab? Shortly thereafter, spectroscopy was understood and helium was discovered on the Sun (helium -- helios) before being isolated on Earth. The laugh was on the pundits, and now we know the composition of stars all over the galaxy. On that day, there were no visible sunspots: http://soi.stanford.edu/production/gif_images/intensitygrams... But, a week later when it made APOD, there was a big one: http://soi.stanford.edu/production/gif_images/intensitygrams... Here's a very active day from a peak in the last cycle: http://soi.stanford.edu/production/gif_images/intensitygrams... These are not true white-light images, but they are approximations. Also, their contrast has been enhanced. This is an example of the douchebags they have to deal with at LAX: http://laist.com/2009/05/05/14_birds_found_tied_to_legs_of_s... They see that stuff all the time, and they get suspicious about unexplained features of baggage. Remember, it's perfectly legal to be arrested in the country whose laws you've broken. In fact, it's also legal for a third-party country to arrest you, as in the case of Augusto Pinochet, the Chilean dictator: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Augusto_Pinochet%27s_arrest_and... The US was nothing to do with this affair. The crimes were committed in Chile, the judge who indicted him was Spanish, and Pinochet was arrested in London. (He was eventually released to Chile, but the reason was declining health, not lack of jurisdiction.) So it would seem in this case that Spanish law was trying to govern the whole of Europe? And to go farther with that point, multiple vaccines like MMR are standard across the population, so they are better tested and better understood than multiple spaced-out single vaccines. Here's a review of Dr. Bob's schedule from the journal Pediatrics: http://www.immunize.org/concerns/offit_moser2009.pdf It sounds sensible, but turns out to be faulty for several reasons. See the parallel thread above. It's not about the ability to find astronauts to accept the risk. It's about the blow to national prestige and to NASA when such a disaster happens. The public will not abide a spacecraft with the flag on it, crashing. It depends on what kind of "trivial". I have a lot (> 30000 SLOC; hundreds of functions) of C code that does intricate math/stats/optimization, but from a control flow and memory allocation point of view is simple. This kind of code is perfect for the simple c-extension API of Python as described in the OP. In fact, if you set up the gateway interface to your C code cleanly, you can have the same C code callable directly from (e.g.) Matlab via the "mex" mechanism. As a response to the movie, they know it would be a good time to put a human face in front of the press. Hence, they're pushing her forward rather than Zuckerberg. And the NYT slurped it up. I wonder how long the back-and-forth over how the story was to be structured took. [edit: I'm not saying Zuckerberg is not human, just that he's overexposed in the media at the moment, and they need to connect Facebook to something else.] Skin effect is not a factor in 12AWG wire at 60Hz. It takes much higher gauges and/or higher frequencies. If we're speaking about US residential wiring, current never flows thru the ground wire unless there's an electrical fault. There are 3 electrodes -- hot, neutral, and ground. Current flows thru hot to neutral (both slotted openings). The ground is the round pin. It's true that, back at the panel box, neutral and ground are connected together. But, current should never flow thru the ground wire to get there! That wire is strictly a safety mechanism. The relevant terms in the US electrical code (the NEC) are "ground ed conductor" (neutral) versus "ground ing conductor" (ground). This is true, but also orthogonal to my point, which is that the grounding connector ("green wire", "round prong", or "ground") is not part of the circuit in US residential wiring. Just FYI, the US NEC requires each entryway of a room in a dwelling to have a switch which can control a light. It is usually, but does not have to be, an overhead light. An alternative that is also code-conforming is to have the switch control a socket (typically, the bottom plug in several duplex receptacles in the room) where a lamp is plugged in. Sometimes people don't actually plug a lamp in there, so the switch does nothing, and maybe that's what you've been irritated by. If the wiring is done this way -- e.g., bedrooms and living rooms -- it can be quite flexible if you want to rearrange the room layout. You move the furniture and plug the lamp into the bottom receptacle where-ever it is convenient and sensible. This is good advice. A not-too-heavy, high-quality cordless drill is excellent for driving screws, turning bolts, etc., as well as drilling small holes. If you ever have to get into tight spaces or work in attics, crawl spaces, or outdoors far from an outlet, it's great. And often, especially in tight quarters, you don't even want all the torque a good-quality plug-in drill develops -- it can smash your hand if it catches on something. And having a plug-in, high-power drill (preferably with a hammer feature if you might be going thru block, stucco, or concrete) is an excellent complement. But the OP says MS will abolish the role of CSA. What you said is not true. According to the first link in the google search you recommend... http://www.lectlaw.com/filesh/bbg33.htm "Delaware LLCs pay a $100 annual tax and are otherwise tax free if no business activity is carried on in the US, most of its members are not US citizens or residents and it does not invest in US companies." That's a lot of if's that there's no way a company like Amazon could satisfy. Also: "Although there is no state income tax, as with all states no matter their particular tax laws, all US companies (or any entity for that matter) are subject to applicable federal tax laws & reporting requirements." In other words, of course US taxes are still payable for companies incorporated in Delaware. The above is a utilitarian approach: what's the path from here to the degree that costs least in $ and time. I'm not wired that way -- but I have to respect that bobf is making choices right for him. As I get farther away from university, I get more glad that I spent a lot of time in out-of-discipline coursework. I foresee that feeling deepening with age, because it's a fact that it's hard for many reasons to have a wanderjahr once you have a spouse, a house, a kid, a hard job, a history of acting a certain way. I fear that the utilitarian approach might, for some, become akin to the concept of technical debt, except for your life and philosophy. You can consider those hard questions now, or you can wait til later. But later, it might be much harder. And it's also worth saying that diagonal dominance is a stronger property than positive definiteness. That is, something can easily be PD but not DD. Come on, this is a simple software purchase, $100 or so. It's not a moral choice of any significance whatsoever, and laying the moral dimension onto it is not productive or helpful. If a collaborator seems to strongly weight punctuality, especially to the point of making little remarks about stochastically late arrivals, that makes me not inclined to work with them because it signals a lack of perspective about what's really important (like good ideas and good results). When you want to upgrade to a solid rubber toy hammer, see: http://baetzler.de/humor/paging_game.html The reason is that the programming language, in this usage, is not analogous to a single tool (like a hammer). People build all kinds of complete things with just "C" -- where by this term, I mean the compiler, standard library, build and debug system (make/gdb, say). There are few things of interest you can build with just a hammer. The evidence for this is that no craftsman builds with just a hammer. The better analogy to the concept of "C" above is "wood shop" (as opposed to, say, "metal shop", "polymer shop", "electronics shop"). You still get the point, which is that everything out of the wood shop to some degree "looks the same" but it's not so clearly leading the reader to the hoped-for conclusion ("the statement is stupid"). I was saying that the OP ("hammer carpenter") is taking the metaphor too far, which is why the phrase "hammer carpenter" sounds silly, and we seem to agree on this. I have no problem with the conclusion that the tool matters less than what you're building. I'd go farther and say that there is a certain tendency for C projects to "look the same" and that lispy projects "look the same" in a different way (e.g., surprisingly extensible, incorporating a language). The writers I know have a pile of unsold or uncompleted scripts and stories. They were experiments, or drafts, or betas (if you like). Often they're working on several things at once, sometimes just with friends for kicks. They're driven to create also (characters, plots). I'd say one difference is, it's easy to hold a steady job as a programmer, but as a writer you have to really work the business side. It does change the emphasis sometimes from creating to selling. I very much agree with this. Especially if you use similar C library interfacing styles, you can reuse or abstract out the glue parts easily. About playing on both sides of the efficiency/expressiveness spectrum, the important thing is to be sure to do real benchmarks so you only drop down into C when it pays off. Sometimes, the reasons are not just efficiency -- you may already have C code that does the right thing. Because the people drawn to drug tourism are more irresponsible, shallow, and opportunistic than your average tourist. Not always, sometimes not outrageously so, but in general. If you've been to Amsterdam, you might have noticed this, as I did. That's a weird definition of freedom. Try to have the confidence that your kid will get to computing technology if they need it. Your job is to enable them to identify their interests and follow their curiosity. Not so much to direct it. I don't think anyone meant personal assistant. The acronym "PA" means "production assistant". A good description is here: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Production_assistant There was little real support for this among the general public. Prop. 215 (medical MJ) passed in 1996 because it seemed like it might benefit people (patients) who needed it. Without the medical appeal, it sounds a lot more like just making it easier for people to get high. People are pretty ambivalent about MJ. A lot of cities have outlawed medical MJ dispensaries, or limited them. And Prop 19 was not very well-written (like many propositions). Among other problems, it allowed each city and county to set their own rules for MJ regulation, which would have been a huge mess. It's not clear that there would have been significant tax revenues, for example. There's a bill (AB 390) bouncing around the legislature now which is better crafted. What type of award is valued is very person-dependent. Some people thrive on non-cash awards (like medals and award ceremonies), some like recognition from above, others care more for money. It's very easy (even expected) for a large organization to guess wrong in a particular case. So that anecdote is not really data. Most of those people would hopefully be above the social security threshold of around $100K/year so that would not apply. I think a marginal tax rate of more like 30-40% is more accurate. There are any number of self-destructive behaviors that humans are drawn to: haagen-dazs, cigarettes, wars. It could be very hard to justify our stockpile of atomic weaponry to another intelligence. And additionally, when the paper opens in-browser, the location and browse history that got you to that paper is preserved. So when you're in the web browser and see the pdf of the paper by I.M. Smart and A. U. Thor, you can tell whether you got it from Smart's site, Thor's site, or somewhere else. In the same vein of passing scenes and celebrities, here's a beautifully written article by Gary Indiana that appeared in ArtForum in the late 1990s. Indiana, who covered art for the Village Voice back during the mid-1980s, summarizes his impressions of the East Village scene at the time: http://www.thefreelibrary.com/Crime+and+Misdemeanors-a057475... (It's the best link I could find.) Substitute "developer" for "artist", "Brooklyn" for "East Village", and "VC" for "collector", and you get the same thing. The PC, once purchased, sits under your desk. But the laptop and the phone, you touch and carry with you in public. It's a personal accessory. People will pay more to have nicely made personal accessories -- for many reasons -- looks, durability, pleasant to use, feels well made, status signaling. Here's a link that illustrates this concept: http://seanmcgrath.blogspot.com/2007/01/mixed-content-trying... It's not as persuasive as it could be, but it gets the idea across. If you have time, sit back and read this excellent essay by David Foster Wallace on eating lobster, which examines the issues from a humane, non-dogmatic perspective: http://www.gourmet.com/magazine/2000s/2004/08/consider_the_l... This was the title essay in one of DFW's essay compilations. Here's an example of the kind of research illustrating the gap between the priorities of complexity theorists and those of people who just want efficient algorithms: It's a hard problem to approximate the volume of a convex body in n-dimensional space, given a membership oracle. (An oracle is an O(1) function that tells if a point is in, or not in, the convex body.) Is it exponential time in the number of dimensions (e.g., requiring an exponential number of calls to the oracle)? This is a fundamental question, and turns out to be important in lots of applications. The following 1991 paper: http://www.stat.duke.edu/~scs/Courses/Stat376/Papers/Converg... caused quite a stir in the field. It has 380 citations. It proved, without explicit construction, that there is a (randomized) approximation algorithm that is order n^23, with a huge, and unknown, leading constant. It was totally useless in applications, but totally exciting for complexity theorists. Since then, people have been plugging away. The most recent result I can find is by Laszlo Lovasz, appeared in 2003, and shows an O(n^4) algorithm. It's also randomized, very complex, and let's just say that the constant has got to be huge also. The problem for practitioners is, you never know when all that plugging away is going to produce a good algorithm that is easy enough to implement. It it happens, it can totally change the computational landscape. The FFT is my favorite example; its discovery has revolutionized all sorts of computations. But think of the blowback on the discipline of Robotics when the first human/robot conflicts result in significant human casualties. It might be a net loss to the profession. The representatives will, in practice, make decisions under the system you're describing. It was called the "spoils system" ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spoils_system ), it turns out to be a major vector of abuse by elected officials, and is the reasons the US civil service has safeguards for dismissing civil servants. "could care less" is a shortening of "could not care less", and the latter phrase is correct. the words themselves don't mean anything any more, it's a stock phrase. i think the sentiment is, "I care so little that I don't even want to use all the words needed to say how little I care". I usually start with, "Do I believe the proposition is true? If so, why?" This is sort of like the "Do I understand it" part of the flowchart in the OP. But in my experience, if you think in detail and can justify why you believe the proposition is true, that helps break down the proof into steps. I found this book to be quite tedious. The whole class analogy (a satirical story line in which many-sided polygons are regarded as more refined than, say, triangles and squares) was just unbearably long-winded to me. I've read the whole critique so many times before. And the notion that the reader will appreciate the three-dimensional space we live in (or 4-dimensional space-time, if you're like that) by going through a novella-length treatment of a 2d world...did not work for me, let's just say. If you like the book, and many do, I'm glad. But it's not unanimous. California state bonds are in this vicinity. Rates of return vary. Tax-exempt. And, to take this a step farther, note that one of the most powerful forces contesting the bad influence of for-profit journals has been the research establishment itself. For instance, most of the board of Kluwer's journal Machine Learning resigned to make an open journal (JMLR, http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Journal_of_Machine_Learning_Res... ). And NIH now requires free distribution of articles produced under NIH grants, after an embargo period ( http://publicaccess.nih.gov/ ) You point out a real problem with the article. The given rationale for (.)^2 vs. |.| is just wacko ("there is obviously more variation in the second data set than the first"). The reason it's mistaken is, there are other examples, typically with just one or a handful of outliers, in which the SD is "obviously" too high compared to mean absolute deviation. Futhermore, these type of examples are common in practice, so the SD is problematic to use if you have outliers. Often, in robust statistics, the Median Absolute Deviation (which is conventionally labeled MAD, http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Median_absolute_deviation ) is used. As an estimate of scale, it's much more robust to outliers. But of course, you can't differentiate it! Really beautiful. Everyone's a critic, though -- I can't see secant (purple) because it overlaps the x axis. I wonder if the axis could be in gray? The hugely important point, completely overlooked by the article, is: is the text in monospace or not? If it's monospace, two spaces typically looks better. That's why old-fashioned typewriter people use two spaces. If it's typeset, the number of spaces really should be taken care of by the justification system (as in TeX) and the point of the article is moot. Aside, this is the article at which I vowed to no longer read Manjoo. The S/N is too low. One piece of evidence of not-that-good ideas post-ConnectU is http://guestofaguest.com/ which is published by Cameron W. Machinists don't maintain their own lathes. My point is, I think there a lot of examples on both sides. A reasonable company should not argue about a $1.5K versus $3K laptop when they're paying so much more for salary, benefits, and overhead for the person using the system. At my workplace these total around $250K-$280K per person per year. Chinese firms are riding a huge wave of growth driven by wage differentials. In this macro context, it's easy to make a lot of money with poor management. True, but asking for intellectual consistency in public policy is expecting too much. The estimate I've read is 100W per person. Sometimes, in a crowded room, it's an interesting thought experiment to imagine how hot it would be if each person except you was replaced by a 100W incandescent light bulb. It's funny, people have been talking about prefab houses (related, but not the same, as on-site robotic assembly) for years, but they still are a niche item. Despite all kinds of efforts to popularize them, such as: http://www.dwell.com/magazine/the-prefab-issue.html And don't forget, that R&D is funded by RAM profits. So, do your part, and upgrade soon. ;-) As long as we're making informed guesses: "For an imaging spacecraft to provide truly persistent surveillance capability, the satellite should be in a higher orbit, requiring large-aperture deployable mirrors, in the range of 10-20 meters in diameter." [i.e., need to hover longer over one site -> {higher orbit, larger mirror} -> need bigger rocket] From page 10 of: http://www.docstoc.com/docs/57862449/NPS-Space-Systems-Progr... Its download interface is quite nice. You can follow links in IEEE or Web of Science and d/l a lot of related papers + metadata painlessly. This makes it really good for coming up to speed with new subject areas. One technical problem with fuzzy logic, that is not suffered by statistics, is that there's no universally-accepted way of combining fuzzy logic truth values. The rules for manipulation of conditional probabilities, which statistics inherited from probability theory, allow building up complicated statistical models (i.e., complex enough to capture real-world applications) from pieces. This is what the comment by _delirium is saying. There's no such calculus for the truth values in fuzzy logic. The core problem is, what the concept of "truth value" refers to. In conventional Statistics, probabilities can be grounded in relative frequencies, and in principle measured in real experiments. The same can't be said of a fuzzy truth value. That much said, there are some people working on generalizations of probability theory to situations where relative frequencies don't make sense, and there's an overlap between the more sophisticated of the fuzzy logic theorists and this community. See, for example, http://www.sipta.org/isipta11/ , or http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Imprecise_probability From Buzz Aldrin's bio on wiki: "In March 1972, Aldrin retired from active duty after 21 years of service, and returned to the Air Force in a managerial role, but his career was blighted by personal problems. His autobiographies Return To Earth, published in 1973, and Magnificent Desolation, published in June 2009, both provide accounts of his struggles with clinical depression and alcoholism in the years following his NASA career." Here's a nice pic of a wide-baseline optical interferometry setup: http://pti.jpl.nasa.gov/ The telescopes are in the two shed-like white buildings (one in the foreground, the other in shadows in the background). The collected light is bounced through the white pipes into the large building in the middle, where it is combined and interference fringes are collected. (It has to be combined optically to preserve phase.) To work, the distances between the two collectors must be maintained very precisely. Besides the obvious optical issues, the technical challenge becomes to measure the separation of the collectors very precisely ("metrology"). For more: http://olbin.jpl.nasa.gov/ To tell the truth, you don't know that they are still exaggerations. It is a fact that the NRO has been working on optical interferometers, and deployable reflectors, and probably has launched at least one. Magsafe is patented by Apple: http://patft1.uspto.gov/netacgi/nph-Parser?Sect1=PTO2&Se... That's why docking stations don't have Magsafe connections. Same. I have a ATI Radeon X1900 XT on a Mac Pro 2,1. You might want to look into rsync as a replacement for scp. Version 2 is built in, but if you follow the directions at: http://www.bombich.com/rsync.html you can build a newer rsync that syncs all metadata. If you're in the vicinity of Ft. Meade, you can visit the "National Cryptologic Museum" http://www.nsa.gov/about/cryptologic_heritage/museum/index.s... which is outside the NSA headquarters. They have old Enigma machines, which are quite compact, about typewriter size, as well as a decoder, which is more like a bank of refrigerators. And a lot of other artifacts. It seemed to be mainly a labor of love by retirees and crypto geeks, rather than some officially compiled museum. Rather touching, in a surprising way. I can verify that this practice is still common. I have been amazed at the size and complexity of some spreadsheets in aerospace applications. It's so clearly the wrong thing, and yet the authors of these beasts are always really pleased with their efforts. Besides the "old shoe" feeling of Excel, I think there's something about the automatic updating done by the spreadsheet that users find gratifying. You alter a cell and the program launches into a bunch of updates automatically. It's like seeing the array of blinking lights. One you left out: Because space-based remote sensing can tell us about Earth. See: http://science.nasa.gov/earth-science/focus-areas/ (There are others.) Nope, you're not understanding the issue. If you launch the first sat into Orbit A, it still has the orbital velocity of the Earth. Unless you can slow the first sat down a lot , it will continue to track along in about the same place as the Earth. Waiting 6 months will accomplish very little in that case. The reason is, in 6 months, the Earth and the first sat will be in nearly the same place. The key concept is known as "delta-v" ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Delta-v ). It's the change-in-velocity allowed by a certain amount of fuel. Here's some more on the STEREO mission trajectory: http://stereo.gsfc.nasa.gov/orbit.shtml It's worth it to watch the movie. Gravity assist can help a lot, but it also takes a lot of time. Also, the people who design the missions eventually get old and retire. At some point, they have to take the human time scale into account. I understand your perspective. I love to develop in Python, but still do most of my work in Matlab. I think the easy to use and high quality graphics in Matlab, plus the painless installation and setup (compared to python, scipy, ipython, etc.) are the main factors. Thanks for the link to LabelMe, that's cool. Here's the paper that summarizes the results of the Remote Agent flight experiment ("RAX"), which is the project Erann was working on at the time: www-aig.jpl.nasa.gov/public/papers/rax-results-isairas99.ps The stuff about integrating a Lisp executive/planner and the rest of the C flight software is in section 4.1. It's for sure none of this flight software is in Lisp any more. Additionally, I would be highly surprised if any shred of the ground software that supports it is in Lisp. Both flight and ground s/w is almost certainly in C/C++ and Java. One of the successors to RAX is: http://ase.jpl.nasa.gov/ in which an Earth-orbiting spacecraft can recognize events like volcano eruptions) and autonomously (without ground control) take extra data from it. * It's hard to appreciate just how unwilling a flight mission is to take on any unnecessary technical risk. Risk, along with cost, schedule, and mass, is one of the fundamental things mission designers must cope with. Lisp looks like risk, and risk will be eliminated ruthlessly (as in the meeting Erann describes in the OP). Additionally, there are the software lifecycle considerations. That is, flight s/w, if it works, tends to be passed forward from mission to mission, and quirky choices tend to be weeded out. In addition to the problems you mention, the Central Valley was harder hit by the housing bubble. Regarding risks, I think you're understating the sophistication and importance of risks on flight projects. (I work at JPL, but not on flight projects; once upon a time, the OP's office was right down the hall from mine.) A modest sized flight project will have a risk list which is itemized down to great detail, covering many pages, and this list will be one of the main things the mission managers work on reducing. In general, there are two parameters, likelihood of the risk materializing, and cost if it does. Sometimes the cost is easier to bear (dollars and schedule), sometimes it's harder (lose the mission). For units like dollars and schedule, it does make sense to do a weighted average (sum over risks of probability * cost); for others it does not. People go farther and use various Monte Carlo methods to deal with risks that interact, so that the sum above does not work. Here's someone at JPL who's in that area: http://www.usc.edu/dept/ise/directory/jairus_hihn.htm One approximate reference is: http://www.amazon.com/Why-Marriages-Succeed-Fail-Yours/dp/06... Basically, the author did studies and interviews and found that some couples who fight frequently do still have a healthy marriage. This goes against some common-sense notions, of course. The important thing was that each thought the other one heard and understood their point of view. I can't recall if the feeling that progress was made to resolve the dispute mattered as well. Duplicate. Long thread here: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1313679 In Hammerbacher's technical talks, he's clear on the lineage of Hadoop. It's just the limits of the interview medium. Also, remember this good observation in the OP: "Apple has the tablet component market sewn up. An entrepreneur I talked to in China described the difficulty he still has buying touchscreens that are worth a darn. The real reason most of the current tablets are 7 inches? Because Apple bought up all of the 10-inch capacitive touchscreen stock and if they didn’t then they drove the price too high for smaller orders. There is no way to dabble in the market without paying a premium." And regarding your point (1), the slides also lay out the interesting case in which the typical-case asymptotic time complexity a1 N^b is far more favorable than the worst-case form of a2 N^b The first form is generally deduced through extensive experiments with typical data, while the second is (often) easily proved with just paper and pencil. The first is the more important in practice, but the second is what's quoted in textbooks. There are so many algorithms in which a1 The linear programming/max-flow type problems the slides mention are a major case. With the recent stagnation in CPU speeds, upgrade cycles may slow way down. Here's some more about the RTGs: http://voyager.jpl.nasa.gov/spacecraft/spacecraftlife.html They used to provide about 470W, now it is down to the mid-200s. The mass of a Voyager RTG putting out 158W is about 38 kg (84lb). (It looks like Voyager used 3 of these RTGs.) Seems like they would be too heavy for your purpose. It seems the Galileo RTGs were more powerful: 300 W in 56 kg (123 lb). This is still pretty heavy but maybe getting in there. And, in addition, these conversations tend to be rather shallow and un-anchored by fact. More an exhibition case for general philosophical predilections than a serious examination of the particular policy issue. Here's a surprising fact. If you allow after-the-fact reprocessing of the GPS and significantly increased modeling technology, you can get millimeter accuracy from civilian GPS. For more on this global network of re-analyzed GPS, see: http://sideshow.jpl.nasa.gov/mbh/series.html Here's a particular time series, near Claremont, CA, a few tens of miles east of LA proper: http://sideshow.jpl.nasa.gov/mbh/all/plots/CLAR.jpg These plots are lat/lon/height (in centimeter units) versus time. In the height plot, you can see a several-cm drift which has annual/seasonal features. This is due to subsidence due to pumping of ground water in the summer. You can also see some green lines which I believe are large earthquakes. Besides airborne and (coming soon) satellite radar interferometry, reprocessed GPS is one of the main ways we have to observe seismic displacement fields. Earthquakes definitely alter the Earth's gravity field, because they change the Earth's mass distribution. These changes have been routinely noticed by people who track satellites. In the early 2000s there was a mission called GRACE to precisely measure the gravity field and its temporal variation. It's important to know it exactly for all sorts of purposes. Here's some nice results from GRACE: http://www.nasa.gov/vision/earth/lookingatearth/grace-images... The second item there shows a change in the acceleration due to gravity that was caused by the Sumatra earthquake of December 2004. It is measured in nano m/s^2. The movie above that item shows the changes in gravity due (mostly) to sloshing water on a global scale. This is not an educated guess. Filtering of civilian GPS can be used to back these displacements out. See the comments under: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2315839 The history of science is full of instances of precise measurements uncovering new phenomena by ruling out all known explanations. So it's important to understand these changes in day length (mass distribution, really). These calculations are actually being done on a regular basis, someone just decided to make a press release out of this jump because of the obvious interest. You have a point about the story dredging in the OP. Here's a more carefully sourced story that has more context: http://www.nytimes.com/2011/03/14/world/asia/14seismic.html?... I think the overall displacement (around 13 feet as quoted in the article above) is of interest to both specialists and to the lay public. Just as an indicator of size. The main thing that's of interest to earthquake people is not so much the peak displacement, as the underlying stress/strain field (i.e., the forces and displacements as a function of space). There will most certainly be a slew of journal publications, as well as press releases, once the displacement data are analyzed. Here's an example of the latter, for the Landers earthquake, which was a M7.2 in 1992 in the desert east of LA: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=giJaGdfavfs&feature=chann... The closing frames show how the strain probably accumulated in the centuries prior to the earthquake. * It may be helpful to say: what they're driving at with all this hyper-precise GPS and displacement modeling is a forecast capability for earthquakes, same as is done for weather. In both cases you have sparse measurements of fields that are assimilated into a forward model. What you say is true. But Apple is making so much revenue and working so fast with iOS devices that it's not clear if they really care about conversions in the MacOS space. Not offering an opinion one way or the other, but just noting that there really are some facts here that are motivating people. The piece that rationalist engineers (I am one of them) tend to gloss over is that the public has historically been lied to, by experts about the dangers and difficulties of nuclear power -- all nuclear technology, really. X rays for shoe sizing. Atmospheric weapons tests. Ed Teller. The downside to accidents is large, and there's not much trust anymore. Some, but not much. These are the facts that are perhaps engaging people's fears. Given this history, for some people, the bank of "expert credibility" is overdrawn already. The classic nerd technique of argument from expertise is ineffective. In my opinion, it's not an argument against democracy. It's an argument against lying in the first place. Here's a pic of part of the Los Angeles Times publishing plant: http://4.bp.blogspot.com/_djhOGl10yrQ/S9iTs3OOI5I/AAAAAAAAAE... (The post is here: http://edpadgett.blogspot.com/2010/04/end-is-near-for-lat-or... ) This does not include the paper mills and the delivery trucks. The point trying to be raised is that the infrastructure needed for print distribution is much, much heavier than that for electronic distribution. And much harder to scale. Because of this, it seems like the online subscriptions are overpriced relative to print. I don't know of any robots that are powerful enough to carry water cannons, but still able to be deployed in short order to a hazardous and unusual environment. The robot would have to be very strong: the flow rates they need to cool all that uranium are really quite huge; the hoses they would be dragging would be heavy and stiff. But it does seem like a ground-based robot like a packbot: http://www.irobot.com/gi/ground/510_PackBot which is used to inspect IEDs, among other things, would be helpful to get video. As well as airborne drones. iRobot also makes robots for applications like IED clearing: http://www.irobot.com/gi/ground/510_PackBot If you read his Lectures in Physics you can enjoy at length that same first-principles, hands-on, everything-is-open-for-explanation method. It's not good as a first physics text, but really fun as a second one. There is a pretty large number of mistakes in the probability one. The covariance measures how "linearly related" two RVs are, not "how related". In the convolution formula for the sum of two RVs, you also need independence of the RVs for the convolution to be the valid approach. In the description about uncorrelated, there's a statement that "the reverse holds only for Gaussian RVs" which is not true, the word "only" needs to be taken out. (The sheet is trying to say the right thing on that one, it's just a language issue.) The N(0,1) is called a standard normal distribution, not just a normal distribution. The last equation on the sheet, for a vector normal distribution, forgets to invert the covariance matrix that appears in the exponential. I thought it was from this usage: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/First_uncountable_ordinal basically going as far as possible in the sequence C, C++, ... You know what, you're right (and if I may add, on both counts ;-). The wikipedia page I referenced, loosely summarized, is referring to an ordinal number with the cardinality aleph-1. The plain omega that I should have referenced has cardinality aleph-0. Unfortunately, the ordinal I wanted does not have its own wikipedia page. WTF? Merely countable is not notable enough? It's like that blinking light on the Blackberry -- ignorable in principle, but irresistible in practice. I think the web browser is the new place where you can teach yourself with immediate feedback. (I also learned from the Apple BASIC prompt, and simultaneously from the HP-41 command language.) If you have talent, and work hard to cultivate it, then you can take advantage of the opportunities that are around you. Doesn't matter if you're at GA Tech or MIT, there are always more good opportunities than good people. Yes, the "develop a visual analog" approach will not be effective if you spend all your time translating back and forth between the linguistic abstraction (for all delta, there is a small enough epsilon such that...) and your visual analog. For example, I just checked, and Baby Rudin ( http://www.amazon.com/Principles-Mathematical-Analysis-Third... ) does not contain a single picture or line drawing. Additionally, some things like ordinary algebraic manipulation are very well-suited to linguistic abstractions ("multiply the polynomials, take the derivative, put all terms involving z on one side of the equation, apply the quadratic formula"). Sometimes only the linguistic abstraction can give the solution (e.g., "this problem is easy because the quadratic coefficient cancels out, and the equation is in the form t^3 + c t = d"). It's also worth noting that manipulating the linguistic abstractions takes a lot of insight and talent (e.g., knowing the perfect substitution of variable to make an integral fall into a known form, or knowing which one of the four error terms will be hard to control, and working on it first). It's not wise to be over-committed to the visual approach. The most charitable interpretation of the lunk-to article is that it is asking you to develop your own deep understanding of the concept, from which your own visual picture will emerge. In this retelling, the point is not the visual metaphor as an end product, it's the work needed to reduce the issue to its basic elements and their relationships. I could care less about what a dude with such bad teeth says. These steered arrays have been standard radar technology for decades. The signal processing involved is not that advanced. I assume when it's needed it can be done. Here's Andy Rubin's well-known definition of open: https://twitter.com/Arubin/status/27808662429 This ("access to source code") is clearly less than GPL, and that's OK, as other commenters point out. But what they're offering now with Honeycomb is less than Rubin's definition above. Right, this contradiction leads to the realization that Google is, to a certain extent, using "open" selectively as a marketing term without full commitment to the idea. The thing that makes this so blatant is the succinctness of Rubin's definition of "open". And GRAIL, to be launched September of this year, which will do the same thing for the interior of the Moon: http://moon.mit.edu/ This is so true. "Open" has become a software-politics analog of "freedom" in ordinary politics. An undefinable, but very good , thing. (Freedom from taxes? Freedom from poverty?) One point of clarity, however, regarding these recent statements is that Andy Rubin helpfully gave his definition of the term: http://twitter.com/Arubin/status/27808662429 This definition allows much less wiggle room! It's wiggle room that Google wants back now. ;-) This is actually quite a laugh. Compiling the author's recommended "best" hello world on Mac OS 10.6 (gcc 4.2.1) yields this: % a.out Hello World! ERROR: fputs did not succeed in writing our message string (error returned: Unknown error: 0)! A look at the man page for puts shows that the author bungled the test for error: fputs() now returns a non-negative number (as opposed to 0) on successful completion. As a result, many tests (e.g., "fputs() == 0", "fputs() != 0") do not give the desired result. Use "fputs() != EOF" or "fputs() == EOF" to determine success or failure. That's the price for over-engineering. BTW, I got the string "Hello Worldp" from the first program, using the same compiler configuration. I had to use std=c99 to get it to compile (the variable in the for loop). You might enjoy Whit Stillman's movie Barcelona which is partly about inter-cultural romance, as well as the cultural role of hamburgers. After mocking McDonald's and hamburgers while dating in Barcelona, in the final scene of the movie, they enjoy a real burger from the grill and decide it's pretty good after all: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rLMsavNEZ1U The proportion of "US Americans" who would self-describe as a "Yank" must be vanishingly small. I think the first rule about names is that the named person should recognize the results. "mystical" -- no. But "super brilliant genius" -- yes. That's just the best quick way of summarizing it. Alas, this is a "method" for achieving greatness that you or I can't replicate. Feynmann was not "just a guy who had some particular skills in thinking about problems". This is just not accurate. At age 24, his Princeton advisor suggested he join the Manhattan Project. He routinely dazzled the other physicists there, probably the greatest collection of physics talent (Bohr, Oppenheimer, Bethe, Fermi) gathered in one place since the Cavendish Lab in the early 1900s. And that was only the start of his long career. This is a good number to use. The full table is: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Random_close_pack#For_spheres IIRC, there's a passage in Conway and Sloane's comprehensive review of sphere-packing (the same Sloane as EIS, http://oeis.org/ ) http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0387985859/ref=dp_proddesc_... that says "much of our effort in this book is to find a packing, in arbitrary spaces, that is as efficient as the simple tetrahedral packing is in R^3". Of course he had lots of flaws. But he does deserve a pedestal, actually. (All those folks on pedestals have flaws; some of them don't deserve their pedestal at all; Feynmann does.) Also, I don't think he was a very "normal person". Being that brilliant tends to make you not very normal -- although he could impersonate a particularly sharp "normal person" if it seemed advantageous. Read some anecdotes about his career and life -- for instance, the time he had a concussion and acted weird for about three weeks before anyone thought something was really the matter. That's not a "normal person". It seems to me that you're letting your desire to not idolize him, get in the way of recognizing the reality of his genius and what he accomplished. That's not fair to reality. Ringing the changes uses permutations. The described method uses relatively prime numbers. Both produce music according to a simple algorithm, but the algorithms are different. Doesn't tail +n do what your "drop" does? (Starts reading n lines from the beginning.) More on the JWST overrun: http://www.spacenews.com/civil/101112-jwst-cost-imperils-pri... They're not proposing to cancel JWST. It's just that its $6.5B price tag is overwhelming the whole astrophysics science effort. The original design was supposed to come in around 0.5B. See http://www.sciencenews.org/view/feature/id/71607/title/Star_... A launch failure is always catastrophic for the onboard instrument ;-) From TFA: "The results for R/Linux C were almost identical and a quick check of the R source tree showed that R calls the C library function to evaluate log" thus making the whole article an exercise in redundancy. Were they not both calling the normal double-precision log function in libm? Sure, the linked article scans all the single-precision floats in a certain range to do the test, but the function eventually called (using that list of floats) is log in libm. In any event, no discrepancy is noted, so what was the point? Additionally, TFA does not make clear that there should be no errors in the computed function affecting more than the least sig bit. It uses absolute errors (up to 50 e-17) rather than looking at the relative error (or ULP, in the jargon). It seems like a mess. Here's a link with much more useful information: http://www.gnu.org/s/libc/manual/html_node/Errors-in-Math-Fu... What a great article. I read your reply and I thought, this is clearly a case of fortification against deletion ("Doctor Eggman doth protest too much"). But then, after a look at the article, it's clear that you can't make a good case for deletion after all. There's a lot of info there, a lot of deep cross-links, etc. They came from emacs. Readline is now around v6, readline v2 seems to have been from the mid 1990s. There is a smaller set of standard commands for killing (C-h for char, C-w for word, C-u for line) which are used in many terminal apps. They are orthogonal to emacs, and probably about as old (1970s). Doing so would be in violation of ITAR among other laws: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intelsat_708 Page up moves the view one page up. Home moves the view to the top. Similar for page down and end. Seems right to me. You can split windows vertically. Not horizontally. Could you not use osascript to launch a window group from the command line? iTerm was crashy for me. This is not acceptable, no matter the other features. I cannot recall ever crashing Terminal.app. And here's the pic: http://deepspace.jpl.nasa.gov/dsn/images/picture_70_bw_lg.jp... The level of scrutiny to get an approval to release any meaningful part of the Shuttle flight software would be almost insuperable. "Open-sourcing it" is utterly out of the question. However, this is not because there is secret communications tech on board. It's because any "space-based technology" is covered by ITAR, and the US government has signaled (in the case I referenced, and others) that the gloves are off. It's not just fining the companies concerned, it's filing criminal charges against the involved individuals. This has been true for some years now, and the crystallizing event was the Intelsat incident above, which caused a multifaceted furor that resists summarization. A case in point. I worked on a project to analyze ISS (space station) engineering data. We needed to look at the currents flowing through a motor on ISS that controls orientation of the solar panels. For publications released in the open literature, we were not allowed to label the axes on any of these motor currents. We were not allowed to have foreign nationals (such as, say, a Canadian grad student) working on the project. The point being, any information about space-based systems is covered by ITAR, and the standard of scrutiny is very high. Har, har. You're right, the link does not tell the whole story -- it's hard to summarize the situation easily. See my comment to the similar question below. I suppose they're trying to limit Chinese technological competition, and to delay Iran's getting long-range missiles (to choose two examples). Legal solutions like ITAR are always coarse-grained, and the whole thing ends up looking silly because parts of it are silly. So true. As the http://usesthis.com interviews have shown, people can be highly productive using highly divergent development setups. Even serious coders in the neckbeard tradition, which seems to be what the OP aspires to. Your pun is roundly appreciated. The dry climate has another side-effect, of making it OK for collectors and car aficionados to drive their old cars around. It's not unusual in LA, away from the coast, to see '32 Fords ("deuce coupe") and classic hot rods from the 60s and 70s (like GTOs, Darts, and Impalas) being driven around casually. Its first editions were in paper format: http://www.amazon.com/Encyclopedia-Integer-Sequences-N-Sloan... and the original, from 1973, http://www.amazon.com/Handbook-Integer-Sequences-N-Sloane/dp... Until we know more about how this came about, it does not make sense to assign credit to anyone yet. I agree that the parent comment is overly worried by issues that are well-known if you program with IEEE arithmetic. But, about your second paragraph, I disagree. It turns out NaNs are quite useful to hold un-determined values, unknown values, error values, etc. The NaN will propagate through intermediate operations and "contaminate" the result in the appropriate way. If you use this property of NaNs, you can exploit IEEE conformance to do a lot of hard work for free. This is used in image processing all the time. You have an image; it is projected onto a grid; some values were not sampled and are unknown. Fill them with NaNs. Then run whatever operations you wish on the image (scaling, convolution, morphological operations). The NaNs will propagate through to the result image and indicate unknown values in exactly the correct way, without having to do extra work. For example, a convolution will widen a single NaN to take in the whole footprint of the convolution kernel. A scaling will just pass the NaN through to one pixel in the output. There is no analog of this property of the NaN for integers. Don't feel bad -- it's hard for anyone to say to what degree Guetta is a hoax. Certainly Guetta is a real person who has been in LA making his own art under the MBW name for years. This is reasonably well-known, as the article you link to notes. What's harder to tell is (1) to what degree Banksy and Shepard Fairey are behind the making of the MBW art work, and (2) to what degree the movie was shot by MBW and just arranged by Banksy as was claimed in the movie. About (1), of course Guetta does not do all the MBW work. Lots of artists use fabricators; this is even shown in the movie. So in order to answer (1), all the sudden you're down in the details of which particular pieces Guetta did do, what percentage, whatever. Booo-ring. You can ask very well-informed people who have followed the LA art scene for years (relatives hounded my wife to ask her friend, the editor of http://coagula.com/ ) and they can't fully answer these questions. Also, they don't want spend energy to find the answer, because the uncertainty is part of the point. "Outsiders" seem to really want to know, however, perhaps because it will make them "insiders" in their own minds. Assuming you're not too old to take this advice -- you can just wait it out. In the meantime, follow your interests. Perhaps eventually you will feel differently, or random chance will step in to decide for you that it's time to have a kid. But in the meantime, if you're doing something worthwhile, you do not have to rush away to check the "kid" box. That world did exist. In the 1980s my password to the campus timeshare unix system was ]]. The system required at least two characters, and these were the closest to the return key. Many people's passwords were known. I trusted nobody to rm everything, and nobody ever did. The internet changed that. Here's a nice, and recent article, by Amartya Sen, comparing development in India and China: http://www.nybooks.com/articles/archives/2011/may/12/quality... Sen wrote the book "Development as Freedom" after winning the 1998 Economics Nobel prize. He's known for the general observation that famines occur seldom in democratic societies because politicians are at a gross level accountable for outrageous mismanagement of resource allocation. Yes, and such failures are interpreted as a direct readout on our national technological capability and international prestige. It's nonsense to read so much into it, but that's how it works. That's not what the wording of the linked article indicates. Do you know more information on this that supports your interpretation? Because your interpretation would prevent anyone from NASA attending, for example, the American Geophysical Union conferences, which is ridiculous. If you read the backstory on this, about the attempted hacking of the computers in Congress, it starts to sound similar to the reasons Google stopped censoring google.cn. Thanks so much for that link. I had been looking for a succinct article that explains the physical constraints on a Mars landing (for equipment only, say). It's safe to say nobody knows more about that problem than Rob Manning. The node in the discussion you refer to is: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2479398 As with most threads on this subject, commenters not reading TFA believe that the retro rocket solution is straightforward. TFA explains why it's not. It's a beautifully written defense of connoisseurship. I can't help but admire the force of the writing and the depth of knowledge conveyed by Anna Wintour's double. It's the best line of the movie. But, getting past all that eloquence, and back to the point -- doesn't it seem like too much intelligence wasted on too little substance? I think the person in the lumpy blue sweater can say, I actually do not care about your convoluted story. I put this on because I have to wear something rather than nothing, but its history has no interest for me. This is not a philistine rejection of all design. Just a certain frivolous part that takes itself too seriously. A lot of old Alan Watts recordings are still played on KPFK and perhaps other Pacifica stations. There was a time when the West coast avant garde consisted of both artists and nerds, less so now. About the relation of the "computer science" approach to symbolic expression, and the "mathematics" approach: remember that lambda-calculus was originally introduced to make functional substitution, composition, etc., completely rigorous. Part of the early/mid 20th century project to turn mathematics into a completely formal system. Of course, I agree that any idea of a "symbol standardization committee" for mathematics is both crazy and stupid. The electrical trade splits the same way. I don't know that there's a specific name, but there is a de facto split between residential/light commercial and industrial wiring. The codes are quite different (more complex, more exacting) for one thing, in the industrial setting. If you enjoyed this, you would enjoy reading the extended article by John McPhee about the control structure, linked to in the article above: http://www.newyorker.com/archive/1987/02/23/1987_02_23_039_T... This and 2 other essays by McPhee were collected into a book, "The Control of Nature". The other essays, also quite long, were about debris flows in the LA basin, and about stopping an Icelandic volcanic flow which threatened a town and a port by spraying it with sea water. It's a fantastic book. http://www.johnmcphee.com/controlofnature.htm You can also zoom and pan in www.google.com/moon A view with Tycho centered is: http://www.google.com/moon/#lat=-43.802818&lon=-14.16687... It appears that radiative transfer modeling is a specialty of the LMD at CNRS in Paris, which is the home institution of the authors: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GEISA The state of the art in radiative transfer modeling is surprisingly advanced. For more, see: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atmospheric_radiative_transfer_... For instance, the use of RTMs for retrieving estimates of gas concentrations on Earth is routine. This idea is what the global CO2 maps produced by AIRS http://airs.jpl.nasa.gov/science/geophysical_science/ are based on. You can sense back-scattered radiation, which tells you about the CO2 concentration in the air below the satellite. A good RTM is what allows the inversion of radiation into gas concentration. Another related data point is that lots of investigators have been working for years on climate of Jupiter and Saturn using some of the same ideas. There are conference sessions about this topic, e.g. http://www.agu.org/meetings/sm05/sm05-sessions/sm05_SA24A.ht... I'm not saying that this means the authors are right, just that there's more valid science here than you might guess. The quickest "explanation" of the FT I ever heard was in a casual aside from a professor once -- he referred to the Fourier domain as the "reciprocal domain". It took me a while to work out what he meant. It was just that frequency = 1 / time. In this (barbarically reductive) conception, taking the FT is just a change of variable. This relationship is one way to "derive" many of the standard Fourier facts. For example, the scaling property, that if x(t) has transform X(f), then x(at) has transform (1/a) * X(f/a). It also "explains" why time signals concentrated around t=0 tend to have lots of high-frequency content (f = 1/t = 1/0 = infinity), and vice versa. It also "explains" why the inverse FT formula looks just like the forward FT formula (since if f = 1/t, then t = 1/f). And, for the same reason, most of the duality relationships between the two domains. All with just arithmetic! You can dispense with linear algebra, not to mention complex arithmetic, groups, or measure theory. Agreed, and I'd add that I found the title to be misleading. It's one researcher's take on what's important, but of necessity it's constrained by that person's interests. Yahoo cares about big data, but not everyone is in that domain. Kasparov writes for the New York Review occasionally. People here would be even more interested in: http://www.nybooks.com/articles/archives/2010/feb/11/the-che... which is his reminisces on his several chess matches with computers, and at the end a couple of remarks on poker versus chess. You can use a Mac for standard "productivity" purposes (because it runs Office). You can use a VM, which are now quite mature, if you require some Windows-only app. Mac integrates well with MS Exchange now (for corporate e-mail and calendaring). Beyond mere compatibility: The build quality of Apple laptops is excellent, which is a positive incentive to move over. And, most importantly, if you've personally bought in to the Apple ecosystem (iDevices, iTunes), or use a work-provided iPhone or iPad, then you have an incentive to actively move off your Windows system. They're not being used as servers, or for open source apps. Put yourself in the shoes of some "knowledge worker" at BigCorp, contemplating what his/her next "seat" will be. You'd have such a choice every ~3 years, so there's a delay between when the choice is obvious and when you can actually do it. I don't think Apple cares hardly at all about this, BTW. It's more of a "rising tide lifts all boats" phenomenon -- a side-effect of their main strategy, which is consumer-focused and not enterprise-focused. This is an insightful comment. My first-order take had been that the lucrative jobs that the video advertises are plentiful only if the "math person" is also proficient at some type of computing. Reason is, I've known a lot of mathematically talented people who are not able to compete for these kind of jobs because they have no sense of how to compute with their abstractions. But I think your idea captures the problem with the video better than the simplistic "lack of computing expertise" does. The budding "math person" that the video targets could do quite well at, say, a biological or finance application, even without being computer-savvy, just by acquiring expertise in these areas. Knuth was the author of TeX and Metafont, and I'd be hesitant to suppose him to be unable to implement anything. Not just being snarky here. I think even theorists have an implementor somewhere underneath. Looking at the four nodes below "regression" and those below "classification" in the OP, we see they are the same. The reason is that the same methods can often be used for both. This is what the comment means when it says the division between regression and classification is often artificial (i.e., imposed by people who are concentrating on taxonomy). I don't disagree. The use of technical terms is sloppy, and some of the examples are weird (at the end, Prolog is said to be somehow an experiment along the same direction as Scheme...). But I thought this was smart: "C was shaped by poets. Kernighan, Ritchie, Pike, and Thompson built the language alongside the idiom. This had an effect equivalent to Petrarch writing in Italian. The language suddenly found itself in possession of existence and poetry at once. It has no theoretical basis. It has no overarching logic. [...] but in the hands of a master, it scintillates as its brethren do not." It gets at the way the concise coding style in the K&R book guided people to a programming idiom that is pleasurable to write and read in a way that comparable languages, say Pascal or Basic, are not. Here's a nice pic of a Spirit clone together with Sojourner (from 1997) and the successor to Spirit and Opportunity, MSL: http://mars.jpl.nasa.gov/msl/images/Dec4_E-3-generation-rove... MSL (Mars Science Laboratory) should launch late this year: http://mars.jpl.nasa.gov/msl/mission/overview/ You're right about the tense landing. The thing that makes it hard is this: Phoenix mass: 350kg Spirit/Opportunity mass: 550kg MSL mass: 900kg Yes, the idea in the OP is not new. To my knowledge, the first people to use remote sensing data in an archeological context used radar (SRTM, a synthetic aperture radar mapping mission that flew on the space shuttle). Radar can penetrate the land to a depth of ~meters depending on lots of factors. They discovered the lost city of Ubar, which was a trading city (ca. 3000 BC) in the Arabian peninsula that had been lost to the desert. They discovered it because trails that had formerly led into Ubar gave off stronger radar reflections. Later on-site digs confirmed actual ruins. This was in 1992. A link: http://photojournal.jpl.nasa.gov/catalog/PIA01721 The person who blurbed the book you found, Charles Elachi, was a key member of the team that designed the radar instrument that found Ubar. All of the SRTM data is online somewhere. The desert turns out to be a really good place to look for stuff. Less clutter. Here's a more complete article: http://www.nature.com/news/2010/100622/full/465992a.html It seems like the committee contained 6 geophysicists who reported to a civil defense bureaucrat (who has a PhD in Fluid Mechanics - think Civil Engineering). The geophysicists said the standard things ("we can't rule it out"). Then these deliberations were summarized by the bureaucrat for the press conference, which the geophysicists did not attend, as (presumably in Italian ;-): "The scientific community tells us there is no danger, because there is an ongoing discharge of energy. The situation looks favorable." And there's your trouble spot. It is wrong to misrepresent appropriately-hedged claims where life and limb are at stake. It should be a scandal. And incidentally, this is why it's really hard to be the technical person who stands in front of the press conference. Doing it well is a gift. Yes, and leave the scientists out. There's a nice quote from a geophysicist in the other Nature article on this: Scientists are often asked the wrong question, which is 'when will the next earthquake hit?' The right question is 'how do we make sure it won't kill so many people when it hits?' Alternate theory: the material scooped and dumped to cover the pyramid has different thermal characteristics than the pre-existing soil surrounding the site. That is, it's not the pyramid that stands out, it's the covering. I don't know, just formulating another hypothesis for the fun of it. You might want to start with: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Numerical_weather_prediction You say you want "some good papers", but I think you need a book, not an article or articles. It's a big field, very broad, very well-developed, and quite technical on many levels (physical modeling, numerical propagation of PDEs, filtering/data assimilation). An international cast has contributed results and ideas for decades. You might be able to find a survey article, but such an article would tend to be written for specialists. It tends to look like this: http://people.sc.fsu.edu/~inavon/pubs/Springer_book.pdf [PDF] The current state of the art in NWP is probably the ECMWF: http://www.ecmwf.int/ There's something else going on here. The one-line explanation is that true QC requires quantum entanglement to be preserved, for reasonably long time scales, across all qubits. It's not believed that the D-Wave 128-bit machine does this, although the 8-bit one seems to. Here's the opinion of an independent critic: http://blogs.forbes.com/alexknapp/2011/05/24/q-and-a-with-pr... I compute the standard deviation of n(1) as sqrt(N p (1-p)) where p = 1/10. It's N iid realizations of a biased coin toss. You left out the 1-p part, I think. I totally agree with your sentiment that just eyeballing the plot is not the best route here. It's all too easy to convince yourself that the deviation isn't that bad, if you're just looking at the plot without error bars. Yes, a lot of the freshness involved using gestures, but that's been shown not to work for vertical screens like on laptops and desktops ( http://www.wired.com/gadgetlab/2010/10/gorilla-arm-multitouc... ). This gives the video the feel of a Courier-like demo. Inspirational to look at, but not realizable in practice. The python parts seemed OK. But the data flow diagram in the OP at: http://jimmyg.org/blog/2009/working-with-python-subprocess.h... (I.e., the first blue box in the article, "what happens when you execute a command") is wrong. It implies that the command (ls -l) is read by the terminal emulator, which gives it to bash, which gives it to the kernel. This is wrong in several ways. The terminal emulator starts bash (or whatever shell) and it is bash that directly reads the string "ls -l", figures out what it means, finds the ls program in PATH, and runs the ls binary. It is ls that calls kernel functions when it's doing its job. And of course, the kernel is not really of importance here. The selected command does whatever it does, which might not even access the kernel ("Hello, world"). And bash can and sometimes does directly call kernel functions without an intermediate binary (e.g., unlink(2) to overwrite a file for output redirection). OK, I see your point regarding the terminal emulator. There are some keys that are intercepted by the terminal emulator and processed by it alone (say, whatever does "print screen" or "close window"). The shell never sees these key presses. The thing I didn't (and still don't) like about the diagram is it implies the whole "ls -l" is delivered by the terminal emulator to the shell. Which isn't how it works. The emulator is transparent to all normal keystrokes and the shell is doing all the work, character by character, even for stuff like ctrl-H which, years ago, could have been (and sometimes was) intercepted and handled by the terminal driver. And the presence of the kernel in the diagram is also confused. (You are right, system calls are all over, even printf() will bottom out in the kernel; I was trying to say that there is no requirement for the user program to call in to the kernel.) Here's a sentence in the OP that has the same confusion: "When you execute a program from Python you can choose to execute it directly with the kernel or via a shell." The kernel is not "executing the program directly". This is nonsense. What they want to say is that you can use a system call (execve) to directly load and run the program, or you can use an interpreter like sh. This same point of confusion is exhibited in their diagram. The OP speaks about French resentment of Anglo-Saxon cultural encroachment as if it's some kind of childish French fixation ("That there is a deeply-rooted animosity in the French psyche towards Anglo-Saxon cultural domination cannot be disputed; indeed, it has been documented and analysed for decades.") But then, remember Freedom Fries and cheese-eating Surrender Monkeys, and it seems like we all have our childish side. What I said is that both initiatives are somewhat petty, and somewhat comparable (government officials deprecating "foreign" terms). The article fails to recognize that both cultures have their peculiarities, and treats this trait as being peculiar to the French. I agree that when the President, vice-President, and SecDef of the U.S. hold up another country to ridicule, as President Bush and his leadership team did with regard to France ("old Europe" and all the rest), it is indeed different in many ways than a set of French broadcasting bureaucrats forbidding certain words. I'm just not sure the difference works strongly in favor of your argument that the French case is more outrageous. I think the standard derivation of the Gaussian integral uses the same technique. It's between equations (2) and (3) of http://mathworld.wolfram.com/GaussianIntegral.html You make the single integral into a double integral, and then the double integral turns out to be easy to do using polar coordinates. Thanks for the info. This thread got sidetracked. We're not in disagreement at all. Thanks for the careful reply. It's definitely true that some spawned programs get line-by-line input (or some other buffered input). And some don't (e.g., bash itself, which when connected via a tty, interprets bazillions of control codes). Asimov did all the typing himself (no dictation, no longhand). IIRC he was proud of his very fast typing skills. You do not need to wonder, the video of what he thought is on the internet at: http://www.wimp.com/predictedinternet/ Asimov, what a great guy. Also seemed like a high proportion of the curriculum in coding. I like coding, but... The reviewer, Dr. Marcia Angell, was formerly Editor in Chief of the New England Journal of Medicine. She's written a series of stories for NYR about "big pharma", and you can get to them by following http://www.nybooks.com/contributors/marcia-angell/ They are very good. Try in particular: http://www.nybooks.com/articles/archives/2009/jan/15/drug-co... about the relationship between doctors and big pharma. Don't be bothered -- this is not actually how it's done. What you do to compare sizes of sets A and B is, construct a 1:1 function mapping everything in A to something in B and vice versa. If such a function exists, they're the same cardinality. It's a little long-winded, but see: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cardinal_number This idea, which seems obvious only in retrospect, is due to Georg Cantor (the guy with the set, and the paradox). This quote rings true: http://37signals.com/svn/posts/2813-do-you-want-to-sell-suga... Flares and CMEs can certainly cause damage to electronics or to astronauts. It is believed that the CPU outage that caused the loss-of-pointing of the Galaxy IV satellite that in turn caused the giant pager outage in 1998 (about 80% of US pagers failed) was due to solar flares and CMEs. It's also conjectured that flares cause many other satellite electronics failures: http://books.google.com/books?id=nmdfazhEWzsC&pg=PA122&#... The general phenomenon is called "Space Weather". There is a monitoring center in Boulder, CO, run by NOAA, called the Space Weather Prediction Center ( http://www.swpc.noaa.gov/ ), that tries to predict and assess space weather. They use physical models and observational data, but it's not nearly as evolved a science as numerical weather prediction. If you want exquisite solar desktop images, the place to go is: http://www.solarphysics.kva.se/gallery/images/2010/ These are from the Swedish Vacuum telescope on La Palma (Canary Islands). This instrument currently offers the highest-resolution solar images anywhere. The images shown on that page show many convection cells, called the solar supergranulation. Each cell is about the size of Earth. What you say about who's keeping an eye on the Sun is not the case. In addition to the Swedish telescope above, the Japanese have an excellent high-resolution imager (in orbit) called Hinode, and there are multiple US space imager including SDO and Stereo, plus many terrestrial telescopes. The situation of astronomers is not comparable to "every other position in academia." Let's suppose that imbalance between "transitional" positions (grad students, postdocs, visiting researchers/lecturers) and "permanent" positions in Astronomy is the same as, say, Comparative Literature. The difference is that the astronomers can typically, with just a little deflection, use their quantitative skills to find a different permanent job at reasonable pay. But it's much harder for a comp lit person to do so. In other words, both astronomers and literature-lovers might have been deluded about job prospects. It's easier for the astronomers to recover, so their situation is not as dire. Anyone who presents technology to non-expert audiences can benefit from studying these presentations. They're masterful. This press release, rewritten as a news article, seems like it comes from a parallel universe in which carriers are not trying to drive costs to zero. I especially liked the comment from the VP that part of their plans for making the plane environmentally sound starts with recyclable components. As if recycling the plane is a major design consideration. You are right that it is not known for a fact that the Maunder sunspot minimum was responsible for the Little Ice Age recorded in Europe and elsewhere. It started out as an interesting speculation and has remained there. This was earlier than Dickens' time -- it was mid 1600s. Galileo and others first saw and drew sunspots in 1610 (due to the invention of the telescope). So their disappearance happened very close in time to their first definitive sighting (they had been seen earlier, but only huge ones, and not clearly, so it was not systematic at all, they were confused with planetary transits). The original article in the Register was trash, actually. Utter trash. A related, but more poetic, clock was done by the artist Tim Hawkinson in the early 2000s. It's a 24-foot long series of gears, driven by a toy motor. The last wheel rotates once every ~100 years. http://fromthefloor.blogspot.com/2005/04/style-beyond-fashio... This has been shown in several places, including in retrospectives at LACMA and the Whitney. Tim's work has a homemade aesthetic. To me, the piece is about the inspiration and the folly of engineering. We build these systems which have design elements that can last for 100 years. We plan for it as if it will really happen. But because we have such a tenuous understanding of made objects at such time scales, there's an element of hubris, folly, fore-ordained failure. Another, quite different piece of Tim's is this minute bird sculpted from his own fingernail clippings: http://flyingoutofthisworld.blogspot.com/2008/01/tim-hawkins... The expanding-decimal notation is very appropriate for TeX, because its implementation is just converging to the behavior specified in the TeXbook (i.e., pi), not adding features. It would put you right to sleep. I think the story of Stallman's influence over the committee is interesting. The general template is, there's a bunch of people that discuss the ideas endlessly, but leaving certain key issues, or perhaps the main issue, undecided. The strategic choice, if you care about the outcome, is to ensure you are present at the bitter end, when the committee is writing down its final recommendation, and then persuasively suggest the solution you favor. The non-strategic choice is to join in the endless debate at the other end of the process. You will tire out, possibly get angry, and lose your position as the neutral arbiter which you will need at the end. I understand the Laplace transform ideas above (used to TA the class where it's taught) and I agree with your that they are more definitional than explanatory. To provide actual explanatory power, you'd have to explain what the reactive portion ("imaginary part" in the phasor notation) of the impedance is actually doing in real terms. What it's doing is to cause the current to lead or lag the voltage in the AC signal. In a purely resistive circuit, current and voltage vary exactly the same way at every instant. You can actually go a long way with this just by understanding that, e.g., for an inductor, V = L dI/dt so that small current changes will imply very large voltage changes. If you're in to intuition, this means "voltage leads current" (i.e., the sinusoid of voltage is 90 degrees ahead of the sinusoid of current). The above equation is also why lights in your house dim when you turn on a motor (= inductor). There is a significant current change, and the voltage changes even more, so the lights dim. Or, you can be even more intuitive, and note that it's obvious that when you put a coil of wire (= motor = inductor) across the two sides of your house's electrical wiring, the coil of wire will pull the + and - conductors together in voltage at first. Until the magnetic field sets up to provide reactance, the coil of wire is basically a short circuit. And finally, a capacitor is just the dual of the inductor. There is no way a motor is well-modeled by a capacitor, either analytically or intuitively. It's a coil of wire, practically a poster child for an inductor. Here's a motor's equivalent circuit from Wiki: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Induction_motor#Equivalent_circ... This does have lumped resistance elements, but by the time you put the two inductors and two resistors in to the differential equation with forcing sin (2*pi*60*t) u(t), you're not going to be in a good place as far as intuition goes. In fact, overall, I'm not seeing much intuitive sense in your summary. Once you really delve in to it, the subject of starting electric motors (AC and DC) is very complex. Thanks for that link. It walks through many of the same issues as the OP, but with more sophistication. It also explains "+", which is used in place of the traditional ";" to essentially get xargs type argument accumulation, but within find. That is, find . -name '*~' -exec rm {} \+ I did not know about that. It's in Mac OS 10.6 find, for one. Your definitions do not address the point of the comment to which you're replying. To restate, the point is that many markets tend to wind up as monopolies or cartels. This turns out to be bad for the people making up society, and they (we) will not put up with it, so we pass laws against it. This is why we have and use the words "monopoly" and "cartel". And other terms like "price fixing", "bid rigging", "market failure", etc. Agreed, but the novelty here is that the personal information was given to one organization, but is now owned in toto by another organization. It's different than Google's insight into your buying interests from Gmail, because they're the same organization. People should know this intellectually at least, but they haven't been faced with the implications. Analogy: I give a box of old family photos to a cousin. The cousin later needs medical treatment, and sells the photos to a pawn shop. Then the shop goes through the photos looking for the really outrageous ones to sell to third parties. I get really mad. Who do I blame? Roger Rosner, one of the founders of Lighthouse (before Jonathan Schwartz was in the company), now bears the title "VP iWork", and gave the demo of "Pages in the Cloud" for the WWDC keynote. Roger's demo starts at minute 92 in the keynote, http://developer.apple.com/videos/wwdc/2011/ . So yeah, Jobs seems particularly interested in the relationship of NeXT, Lighthouse, and iWork/Keynote. Thanks for that link. People should know that there's a lot of turmoil in the astrophysics community about JWST. In current plans, JWST overruns have resulted in elimination or long-term postponement of all other NASA astrophysics missions in the next decade. Even non-flight-project research is being cut significantly. Humans are not "robust adaptive machines" in a space environment -- airless, zero-g, cosmic radiation. For more on the physics behind "white" LED's, there's a pretty good summary at: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Light-emitting_diode#White_ligh... The fundamental challenge is that the wavelength of light emitted from the LED is constrained by the band gap structure of the diode. To get white-looking light, you need more than just one narrow frequency band. For instance, until some new materials were developed in the 1990s, this is why there were no blue LEDs, only red, green, and amber. I agree that this is more interesting. Some basic background is at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Light-emitting_diode#White_ligh... According to the NYT article summarizing this, the reporters (or PIs hired by them) not only accessed messages in the murder case, they also deleted some to make room for more. Assuming this is true, it makes irrelevant a lot of gedanken experiments in the thread here. According to the NYT article, they actually did delete messages from the cell phone (to make room for more). Your last statement is incorrect for one of the problems mentioned in the parent comment ("airline/package routing" which I take to be linear programming problems). Simplex-type algorithms are typically used for these problems. These algorithms also have exponential time complexity in worst-case. In practice, well-designed simplex algorithms are of low-order-polynomial complexity. They terminate with an exact optimum. This case, and others, are examples of situations where conventional complexity analysis fails to provide insight into real-world performance. Last I knew, people were trying to analyze expected time complexity of certain (analysis-friendly) simplex algorithms under distributional constraints on the input structure matrices. But it's important to understand that this is mathematical back-filling to explain what is already known to hold in practice. Yes, here's a summary (somewhat dated) of this, given in a prize award for one of the key people who showed that worst-case is rare: http://www.informs.org/Recognize-Excellence/Award-Recipients... (expand out the "show more" button). Of course, there has been more progress since, but this summary is pretty good. Cute, but does not work with bash builtin echo, for which two -n's equals one -n. bash-3.2$ echo -n -n foo foobash-3.2$ Like always with echo -n, no matter what you try, it's not portable. All respect for persistence, but that's not a solution, because the OP wanted to echo just "-n". I put the foo in to better show what was happening. For similar reasons, echo "" -n does not work, etc. Here's an earlier story, with similar conclusions: http://www.nytimes.com/2008/08/22/science/22fish.html And here's a reference to an even earlier story from 2005, in which farmed salmon are substituted for wild (not DNA-checkable): http://vitalchoice.com/shop/pc/articlesView.asp?id=95 So, 6 years later, we still don't know what we're eating. I appreciate that you know some details about some space missions, but unfortunately your understanding of advances in science instruments, measurements, and research at NASA is utterly wrong. Just completely wrong. In fact, for the most part, science missions at NASA are now, and have been, guided by reports of the National Research Council, an arm of the National Academy of Science. They produce "Decadal Surveys" which basically are ranked lists of mission proposals. There's one for Earth Science, in particular, that has been very closely tracked by NASA mission proposals (see http://science.nasa.gov/earth-science/decadal-surveys/ ). Every potential mission team scrutinizes this list and tries to position their work to be responsive to these science goals. For the list of mission concepts, see http://books.nap.edu/openbook.php?record_id=11820&page=8... The menu of missions is rather amazing in its scope, novelty, and potential to advance the understanding of Earth systems like pollution, aerosols, solid earth hazards, land use, vegetation, weather, etc. I respect your inquiring tone. What I'm trying to say is that you're focusing on a couple of high-profile examples, and the politics don't have the all-encompassing effect that you think they do. (I love politics, and I'm very interested in the interplay between missions and politics, but your estimate of the interaction is way, way overblown.) There are some "poster children" for the influence of politics in NASA. JWST is one, Hubble was another, so is/was the manned program (Constellation and its predecessors), and also some elements of the Mars program. It's appropriate that politics influence some of this. It's citizens who fund this work, and their representatives, for better and worse, vote on funding. The portions of NASA that are most visible externally (same as the list in the previous paragraph) are the most subject to politics. [[ Note on JWST: it was not cancelled, as you seem to think. The House voted against it. But all its support is in the Senate (Sen. Barbara M.'s district includes GSFC and STScI, which run JWST) and there's no way it will be cancelled. NASA watchers know this. But JWST is being sent a message, because it is way over-budget. And that is the politician's business. ]] The political process described above is very distasteful to nerds. But that's not all there is, and my references to the Earth program above were intended to illustrate that. That roadmap I linked to has about 12-20 missions planned out to 2020 that will have a huge impact, and there's very little political influence there. It's nerd's wet dream, a bunch of scientists at the National Academies contemplating what measurements will best advance the efficacy of various earth system models. Modeling accuracy does not interest the citizenry, except when they want to know a hurricane's path or the amount of seismic deformation of an earthquake or what the water levels in reservoirs will be next year or what forests are healthy or ... So the question comes down to proportion. I don't know the most recent figures, but various "science" stuff is certainly more than 1/3, probably almost 1/2, of the NASA budget. One can argue about the boundary cases. For some mind-expanding examples of the (probable) insufficiency of our concept of "universe," see: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multiverse#Tegmark.27s_classifi... At various levels, it's possible that our own Hubble volume ("universe") is only a small stable bubble in a much larger physical system. I agree, and I'll add that Andy's proposed reduction of the front page to a simple series of articles (as in the search interface) is a terrible idea. He does not understand the value of a long-time reader's experience with parsing text-dense front pages, where headlines give way to subheds, and where reporters' bylines are visible. The whole point of the front page is to tell me what's important at a glance, and they really do a great job at that. It's clear that the editorial team puts a lot of thought into curating the "top half" of the front page, and the "series of articles" approach throws that out. Just to take one of your points farther, I think the beefiness of the escape plan illustrates how little Obama values the Pakistani relationship. And how much he wanted OBL, and how much he trusted DEVGRU. This is surprising, do you have a link? Because the Minnesota phenomenon is interesting. I was able to find this: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_companies_based_in_Minn... E.g., Norwest Bank (which bought Wells-Fargo), Target, and some others. Pointing a big antenna is not how it would work. You don't need to point the antenna at anything; you can use multiple antennas that steer the beam ("beamforming") in a desired direction. Link: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Smart_antenna Basically you can have a "phased array" of N antennas (2 counts as an array, but you can think of a line of say N=8 antennas) that delay their broadcasts relative to each other in such a way that the N signals interfere constructively along some directions and destructively along other directions. This is because, from far away, cos(angle_from_line_of_antenna_array) = const*propagation_delay_between_antennas Down for me, but http://web.archive.org/web/20080305234616/http://jimcofer.co... worked Frank Lewis, a cryptanalyst, did cryptic crosswords for _The Nation_ magazine for over 60 years. He died last year: http://www.wired.com/magazine/2010/12/frank-w-lewis-wwii-cod... Here are the rules for his cryptics: http://www.thenation.com/crossword For instance, "I have seen such teasers as the clue BUR to suggest the phrase RUB THE WRONG WAY." In the print edition of the magazine, the advice at the bottom of the puzzle used to be: "If you are unsure why 'lures' are 'ground rules', send for ours at (address of the magazine)." So clever. You are correct. There is a nice browser with a good DEM at http://pub.lmmp.nasa.gov/lunarmapper/lm.html?host=pub I think you're underestimating the depth of the book. I read SICP and took a distance-learning version of 6.001 as a first-year grad student (undergrad BS in CS) and found it to be very challenging if your goal is mastery of the material. Another grad student, who was on a team that placed second in the national Putnam exam (i.e., a national-level math geek), also found it quite challenging. Two of my professors, both now Fellows of the IEEE, also took the course with me and found it just as deep and original, and even more challenging, than we young computer weenies did. Some courses, you have to take twice to master. For me, information theory was one of those. And I suspect that to a lot of MIT undergrads, 6.001 might be like that. The first time, you're just too bogged down in tactics to see the big picture(s). Thanks so much for that link, this was the course I took some years ago. It's excellent. The analysis in the OP was from an orbiter, not a lander. The chances of landing a crew near such a site by chance seem low. And it would not happen this decade anyway. You need unmanned surveys to determine if and where it would be worthwhile to send a crew. I totally agree. Here's the Packbot from iRobot who make Roomba: http://www.irobot.com/gi/ground/510_PackBot They're slow. The full military version is $120K but simple versions are half that. Another analogy is the Firstlook: http://www.irobot.com/gi/ground/110_FirstLook/ (There's a nice video). Also commercially available: http://www.qinetiq-na.com/products-talon.htm http://www.qinetiq-na.com/products-dragon-runner.htm All but the FirstLook, which is new, are in routine use. The article is sensationalist by not saying that. The review I remember reading of Bowling Alone contrasted its example of declining urban bowling leagues with the surge in urban soccer leagues. Commentators since de Toqueville have observed that Americans are remarkably strong at forming leagues and clubs around their interests. Some go away and are replaced by others. Isolating half of this process ("some go away") as some kind of indication of social rot is purely in the eye of the beholder. To continue with your example, take cases where a (finite) collection of discrete objects is summed over (unioned over, whatever). You'd let N be the number of such objects, and then twenty following pages of text would contain summations from 1 to N. This is more compact than summations from 0 to N-1. And in a certain sense, there's one less "token" to remember (i.e., if you start at 1, you have 1 and N to remember, but when you start at 0, you have N, 0, and N-1 to remember). The one that's more compact tends to be discipline-specific. To nudge this closer to a legal context (but IANAL), I think the GP comment is invoking the general idea of equal protection under the law ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Equal_Protection_Clause ). That is, the government should not selectively prosecute cases against those it does not like ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Selective_prosecution ). As the wiki article notes, this kind of argument tends to not be very successful. One guidepost on when Equal Protection claims are more likely to be successful is the notion of "strict scrutiny" ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Strict_scrutiny ). For instance, if prosecutions are taken against people of one ethnic group, then these prosecutions are subject to a higher degree of judicial scrutiny and are more likely to be overturned. As the parent comment to this one notes, targeting the most lucrative violator would seem to not be prejudicial in this way. And, at the lower end, HP also has a presence. The HP 32SII (discontinued, now $139 on ebay; originally sold for less than half that price) and the HP 35S (redesigned version of the 33 which was the ugly successor to the 32SII) are non-graphing RPN machines that are very good for quick calculations. (My first and favorite HP, the 41, is much older than these, but it's too expensive to have one laying around everywhere I might need one.) Even if I'm in front of a computer, typing in to a console window, it's faster to turn on the calculator than to enter bc, python, or matlab and type in the calculation. And with RPN you get to see the intermediate results so you know you're not forgetting something. The SpaceX engineers are certainly not amateurs. I agree with you and lotharbot that if you view things from a continuous perspective, 0^0 is indeterminate. Thinking back on my math education, part of the difference in viewpoint may be the first time I rigorously met the continuous-domain exponential. This was in real analysis. Exponentiation is defined first for positive integer exponents, and then for rational exponents. All elementary. Then it's extended to real-valued exponents by taking the limits of rational numbers, and appealing to continuity. I just looked, this is exercise 6 in chapter 1 of baby Rudin. So, because the notion of limit and continuity is embedded in this definition of the exponential function, it's natural to "approach" (groan) 0^0 as a special case, because the conditions of this definition (continuity) don't hold. My "Formal Methods in CS" prof dropped this conjecture into a problem set without naming it or remarking on its heritage. Pre-google, you had no way of knowing what you were dealing with. The post you refer to was a good example of a business that had intelligently thought through whether Groupon was good for them . Some other special aspects of that case: Due to the nature of the business, the Groupon'ers had to sign in to a slot in the schedule, eliminating the "rush of customers" problem. And, the business had upsell options like souvenir t-shirts to extract some non-discount money from customers. The idea is great. The search responses fail to find a lot of pretty standard songs (girls want to be with the girls fails to return the talking heads song, helicopter fails to return the xtc song, books about ufos fails to return the husker du song, ...). And september gurls returns the bangles cover ... I tire of catch phrases like "...eventually men with guns will come use violence if necessary to force you out of that home...." Pointless hyperbole. There are a lot of problems with the catchphrase. Too many to unpack. One of them is that this "men with guns" phrase is often deployed to plant some kind of "government over-reach" meme around the most trivial of adult transactions, like paying parking fines and property taxes. It betrays a childish political naivete. The reason I say it's childish is that it's egocentric, as if the concerns of the speaker (to park where they want, to own large plots of land, that abut other people's land, without any consequence or restraint) were the only ones in existence. That house is served by roads, protected by police and fire services, and must be in compliance with various perfectly reasonable regulations (like brush clearance). That costs money. And last, you know where your phrase, "All power comes from the barrel of a gun", comes from, right? Good old chairman Mao, one of the top guys in the 20th century rogues gallery. In a democracy, with functioning courts, this saying is more hyperbole. I think a more relevant notion is that the state is the entity that has a monopoly on violence (due to Max Weber, see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monopoly_on_violence ). I have read this also and I think your comment should be more highly ranked. Another link: http://news.consumerreports.org/cars/2010/04/electronic-stab... Money quote: "Consumer Reports believes that electronic stability control is the single most important safety advance since the development of the safety belt." Or these guys: http://www.rocstock.org/roctober.html This is a cool application of GPS radio occultation. For a simple overview, see: http://www.atmo.arizona.edu/~kursinsk/GPS_RO_overview.htm The same idea has recently been used to improve weather forecasts for a few years now ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GPS_meteorology ). Differences in atmospheric gas density affect the propagation speed of the GPS radio signal. Peering thru the edge of the atmosphere at the constellation of GPS transmitters allows you to get a bunch of density/temperature profiles in a way that's immune to some instrumental artifacts of other instruments. One of the inventors of the idea formed a company to cooperatively launch small satellites to do these retrievals: http://geooptics.com/?page_id=35 That's interesting, I did not know that. The approach in the article is in fact quite novel, though. They're actually detecting the shock wave in the atmosphere. Not even something "easy" like the seismic shock wave. All that you said, and also that the staff is much more willing to cater to your needs. I'm baffled by your last paragraph ("it might make sense to think about whether it is possible to guess ahead of time what research is likely to have practical benefits and what research is not"). You seem to think that a $10B collider was built just because it was possible, not as part of a deliberative/strategic process, partly influenced by a European/American contest for intellectual leadership in this area? Surely you know that the worldwide particle physics community has been contemplating the value of this research for about 20 years? (Since the SSC planning stages.) And that European political bodies have deliberated it at length? I'm not in that community, but my friends who are, are spending a lot of time in Geneva the last couple of years! The value of bringing all that talent in to contribute ideas, and some of them to stay for years, is hard to estimate, but it must be huge. I'm sure Europe is a great place for physics PhDs and postdocs these days. Here's another link to that event, that also discusses a collision between two satellites: http://www.space.com/8334-junk-space.html The claim is that the China missile test and this collision are responsible for 60% of the number of objects in orbit. Even though space is vast, the number of useful orbits is limited. For example, the A-train ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A-train_(satellite_constellatio... ) is a parade of remote sensing satellites in sun-synchronous orbits (as they look down, it is always within a few minutes of noon). So this makes inadvertent collisions more likely. Slightly related, here's a close asteroid passby that happened last summer: http://neo.jpl.nasa.gov/news/news172.html There are two things you're missing. First, Amazon has studiously avoided any effort to collect state sales tax. They use a variety of clever dodges to raise doubt that their design and development shops in CA amount to a business presence in CA. The "affiliates" program, recently shut in CA, was another such dodge. Same with the distribution centers being a "separate" company. Then, when the state decides to go ahead with collecting something that is theirs to collect, Amazon tries to deflect it by raising a totally different matter (jobs in the state). The fact that they're not arguing their sales tax case directly, but threatening to pull jobs, is another aspect of the case you're missing. I don't see how this is "win-win". Here's a summary of the TX situation: http://www.internetretailer.com/2011/05/16/texas-moves-ahead... Featuring this choice quote which is replete with doublethink: "We're committed to growth in Tennessee because the people here have demonstrated their commitment to Amazon jobs and investment," says Dave Clark, vice president of Amazon North America Operations. I said "claims" because, for reasons too tedious to list, I don't think they do know or can know a very exact percentage (even to +/- 10%). And note, they're talking about "number of items" (not "amount of debris" as you say -- that would imply mass, a different thing). But if it's anywhere near half of the "number of items", then these two crashes alone are a highly significant source of junk. I did not know that, and that seemed worth a link. People might be interested to know that this story is indicative of a sea change in astronomy. It has become apparent that there is a lot of variability in the nighttime sky, and we now have the technical means to discover lots of new things. One major factor in this change has been the advent of wide-angle surveys, that repeat often enough to find variable sources like SN's, blazars, asteroids, lensing events, etc., while they're still interesting. The Palomar Transient Factory ( http://www.astro.caltech.edu/ptf/ ) is the one mentioned in the article, but there are many others. They automatically detect and post events in a standard XML format for anyone (including robotic telescopes) to scoop up (e.g., http://www.skyalert.org/events/all/2/ ). One of the largest, LSST, is now being designed, and its data volume will prove to be a huge engineering/computer science challenge ( http://www.lsst.org/lsst/science/petascale ). There's a sophisticated and multifaceted image processing pipeline to detect the changes in sources, to automatically extract photometric parameters, and to pass these parameters on to a classifier to separate the events into types of interest to various communities (the SN folks could care less about asteroids). "The problem is that comScore (and now Yelp) have an economic incentive to get people to advertise such that they are not impartial and site therefore cannot be trusted." That's a key part of it. They do two things: keep track of a "fair score," and sell to some of the businesses being scored. It's an inherent conflict of interest. And they have not taken any steps to mitigate it. Google faces the same problem, but the AdWords auction mechanism diffuses the COI so the temptation to extortion is mitigated. As some have pointed out farther down, newspapers and magazines have the same problem. Serious newspapers have a wall between editorial and advertising to mitigate the COI. There's definitely a parallel in the data demands of, say, LHC and LSST. Besides automation, another key thing is the element of time. It means there's scientific value in re-surveying the sky. Ever since gamma ray bursts, the time scale has been shrinking. The Context graphics have always looked excellent. Problem is, if you need to submit your publication to a journal, then you would have to convert it to ordinary LaTeX, and that would suck. What you learned is still true. Most of the outright bugs in the article you reference have been fixed. But the design problems are still there in both csh and tcsh. In particular, the problems with manipulating file descriptors to separate stdout from stderr are still there, the signal catching is not as clean as sh/bash, and csh/tcsh quoting is a mess compared to sh/bash. I know of no good reason to prefer csh/tcsh. Of course everyone does what works for them. But I have to say that I think the 45 lines rule is not the best criterion. Lots of scripts which are of the form "move these files around, run this command on the files, mangle the output, send it to this command to summarize, send to another command to pretty-print" can be long in line count, but are really well-done in shell. Basically, operation sequencing, and/or line-by-line file processing. Shell makes it easy to ensure tempfiles are deleted, to catch signals, to automatically check error status of each and every command. As you note, sometimes shell is "contraindicated" (as they say in medicine). Anything needing data structures, or abstraction beyond simple functions, is not so good for shell. On PPC it does not produce an exception. Inspection of the assembler reveals, in part: cmpwi cr7,r0,0 beq cr7,L5 lwz r2,60(r30) lwz r0,56(r30) divw r2,r2,r0 ; ordinary integer divide stw r2,72(r30) ; store the quotient b L7 L5: li r0,0 ; else load 0 stw r0,72(r30) ; store the 0 The following thread has more about the reason PPC does not raise exceptions for these overflows: http://fixunix.com/embedded/341544-divide-zero-does-not-cras... But they're only thinking about division by 0, not by -1. For the numerical stuff, it's hard to beat Golub and Van Loan. Texts that emphasize coordinate-free approaches, like Linear Algebra Done Right, don't really get at the numeric computations issue. I thought the OP would reference the fact that errors in solving a linear system don't combine and magnify to produce unusable results beyond say a 10x10 system. At the outset of numerical linear algebra, say in the 1940s [until 1948], it was not known whether errors would blow up or not. [best bound was 4^n where n is matrix order] Turned out they did not (if you do things remotely right) but even von Neumann [in a 1947 paper, with others] was surprised that large (say 20x20, at that time) linear systems could be solved accurately. [edits in braces: This history, and more, is in www.maths.manchester.ac.uk/~higham/talks/twge96.ps.gz ; Higham wrote probably the best and most comprehensive up-to-date book on the accuracy of numerical linear algebra.] Yes, in some sense (see below) you do care about A. But back then, everyone was worried even about well-conditioned systems. As of the mid 1940s the best error bound on cumulative roundoff error was 4^n where n is matrix order. That 4^n would be a multiplier on top of condition number (which at the time had not been formalized, it was Turing who did that). Anyway, the dependence on matrix size turned out to be order n^2, and in practice more like O(n). * * * Also, the bounds on solving A x = b for x, knowing b and A, work differently than solving for the inverse of A. Sometimes for a given A and b, you can compute x above quite accurately, but you can't compute inv(A) accurately and multiply by b to get x. It depends on the how the "difficult directions" in A interact with b. This is one reason numerical analysts always ask, "Do you really need to invert A?" Because of this, the actual condition number of A (i.e., the norm of A times that of inv(A)) does not enter into the bounds on solving A x = b. The bounds depend on a different norm. In fact, there are several forms of the error bound -- known as backward and forward errors -- depending on what you need. * * * Incidentally, this is the kind of stuff that's covered in Golub and Van Loan, or in Trefethen and Bao, but not in a standard Abstract Linear Algebra book. For instance, Strang's book spends only one chapter on numerical linear algebra. Score one for this 2007 rant by Mark Pilgrim: http://diveintomark.org/archives/2007/05/02/silly-season Excerpt: "I used to have the strength to argue against such foolishness. Nowadays I’m reduced to nothing more than Grey’s-Anatomy-esque catchphrases. Seriously? Seriously? Do I really have to explain why this is a bad idea? Again? To a bunch of technological virgins who haven’t been fucked yet?" The whole post is an enjoyable read. And you're right, the video and the post above both note the utterly blind initial rush of enthusiasm for these announcements. If you keep listening, you'll learn a (former) insider's view on who's off the project, that the team is dispersed, etc. Probably an idiosyncratic take, but combined with the inattention of MS to Silverlight, seems to make sense. Yes, I had second thoughts about the quote I used. But the article is well-informed (in addition to being profane, appealing to emotion, and to the writer's, let's say, having been around the block once or twice with...web frameworks). linpack and eispack are vestigial. They were folded into lapack, which is the "one true package" now (e.g., http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/EISPACK ). The situation here is really not complicated. scalapack is a different animal entirely. It's a parallel version of lapack (via MPI) so should not be expected to duplicate lapack results because partitioned algorithms will be used. But if you're using scalapack, you know that already. The image you see is an artist's rendering, of course. The Shuttle main engines used to be painted white (this is the big central tank supplying liquid hydrogen and oxygen to the engine). But it turned out to save about 600lb to leave it unpainted, so that's what they did for all later launches. The tank already has an insulator. You can see both versions in Shuttle launch imagery. From wiki ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Space_Shuttle_external_tank ): "The original ET is informally known as the Standard Weight Tank (SWT) and is fabricated from 2219 - a high strength aluminium-copper alloy used for many aerospace applications. The first two, used for STS-1 and STS-2, were painted white to protect the tanks from ultraviolet light during the extended time that the shuttle spends on the launch pad prior to launch.[4] Because this did not turn out to be a problem and in order to reduce weight, Lockheed Martin ceased painting the external tanks beginning with STS-3, leaving the rust-colored spray-on insulation bare, saving approximately 272 kg (600 lb) of weight." After they're experienced, they can do this: A novice was trying to fix a broken Lisp machine by turning the power off and on. Knight, seeing what the student was doing, spoke sternly: “You cannot fix a machine by just power-cycling it with no understanding of what is going wrong.” Knight turned the machine off and on. The machine worked. Actually, your fact above seems unrelated to the point of the OP, which is purely geometrical and in no way involves meters or miles. It sounds more like you want to tell the story of the original definition of the meter. Just a customer here. I'm disappointed by the remarks in this thread that don't give the Netflix team credit for understanding their customer base. The CEO gives a credible rationale for the split: two different kinds of business. DVDs for the long tail, streaming for convenience. Given their machine learning and rating expertise, I bet their analytics gave them a good understanding of just how different the two mediums are. I'll bet people's streaming preferences are rather different than their DVD preferences. Probably so much so that there's less predictive value across mediums than some people in this thread seem to expect. Only about 190 miles. Orbital period is 91 min. It's easy and fun to look for around sunset using the ephemeris at, e.g., http://www.heavens-above.com/ If it goes straight overhead, it takes only a couple of minutes horizon-to-horizon. You're right, there is a constraint for most rational customers: X is in streaming => X is not in DVD queue The thing is, the set of stuff available for streaming is not very large compared to the set of stuff on DVD. So the applicability of the constraint is small. And, I think all the constraint tells you is, don't suggest titles that are available on streaming for someone's DVD queue. I think affirmative suggestions are much more interesting. To me, your idea that people's streaming preferences are "virtually identical" to their DVD preferences seems like you didn't mean it seriously. Hyperbole? My own streaming habits are totally different from my DVD habits, not only due to limited availability of streaming titles, but also due to ingrained expectations. It's kind of like TV versus movies. The Los Feliz Charter School in LA uses them for classrooms. See the top picture (or the video walkthrough) at: http://losfelizarts.org/ The building is a converted warehouse, and the shipping containers sit in clusters inside the warehouse. It was done right, and did not even lower property values ;-) Thanks for those links, I didn't know about colonias. You can go to some unincorporated areas around LA and find similar surprising backwardness -- like people living in unheated garages without running water. Nothing like India, though, where you don't have to go out of your way to find really exceptional poverty and deprivation. I think calling the U.S. a socialist country is a loaded statement. And, almost any country/state/city has licensing requirements, of one form or another. OK, I guess I don't see such a clear distinction between the two concepts ("available, but can't afford it" and "not available"). As I tried to say above, I agree that it's a denial of reality to equate India with the U.S. along the "poor infrastructure" axis -- based on some particularly bad examples. I believe we're in agreement about that. I think even a Bayesian approach will have to grapple with the issue of looking at the results too often. The problem is that if you make your decision on "when do I stop testing", dependent on the test results so far, then the test results can be biased. I'm sure you're aware of this, but I'm just trying to clarify the idea for other readers. The idea is not well-illustrated in the article. (Although the article does provide some usable guidance until the whole Bayesian framework gets built and populated with correct parameters, like the reward structure.) So, to be concrete -- Suppose you're flipping coins and you figure (by some procedure) you need 100 flips to reach significance. By the 70th flip, you observe that p(head) ~= 40/70 ~= 57%, so you decide to stop the test because clearly you're not dealing with a 50/50 coin. That's not OK, because you'll always see favorable and unfavorable excursions in a series of coin flips -- if you choose to stop in the middle of such an excursion, you'll bias the result. You've made the stopping time dependent on the observed values. In some situations you can do this (it's related to http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Optional_stopping_theorem ), but the way that I described above is not one of them. Yes, it is OK to stop at the end if you fix the number of tests in advance. There are more general conditions than deciding in advance. The relevant theory in that case is the sequential likelihood ratio test ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sequential_probability_ratio_te... ). Typically, in an SLRT for a series of independent trials, you compute a running sum of likelihood terms (accumulating as you go) and then at some point you stop if the sum goes above one line or below another line. The separation between the lines tells you how much variability is "allowed" in the partial sums. My only point is that any kind of analysis has to be careful about the way its mathematical assumptions relate to how the real-life experiment is conducted. I'm not even going near the question of whether the Bayesian approach is "better" than the frequentist approach. I was trying to point out that the frequentist analysis in the OP does make assumptions about the nature of the experiment (that you will run exactly N trials) and that if you break those assumptions by stopping the test for some N' And in another reply, I wanted to add that there is a frequentist answer (the Wald test) to the practical question: Can you widen the scope of the analysis so that I can stop early if I'm getting results that point strongly in one direction? Being sure that your assumed sampling distribution matches the actual experiment is key, even in the Bayesian case. My graduate statistics class was taught from Berger, your second link, so I'm broadly sympathetic to the "Bayesian choice" -- but more important, I wanted to give some usable insight to someone who just wants to do an A/B test. The article is thin on the use cases of semantic search, which is the market Bing says it's trying to serve ("a decision support tool"). The article raises the question of "how will Bing make money" and then drops the question, and goes on to talk about competing with Google. Lazy thinking by the writer. Doubt this. Layoffs within the WebOS division were announced three days ago, and are underway this week: http://allthingsd.com/20110919/layoffs-at-hps-palm-division/ Yep, there are a lot of strong opinions on this thread that identify NASA solely with human exploration. This is a mistake, and it's frustrating to see it made by so many bright people. It's a historical fact that the human side of space exploration has always been subject to great political influence. Consequently, it goes through these unseemly convulsions from time to time. The political involvement in engineering processes drives rationalists nuts. Even to the extreme of believing that the way to rationalize human space exploration is to put it in the private sector. Yes, and the creators of the concept were kind enough to embed this intuition into the name, just so you can't forget. All you know is what it is NOT, not what it IS. So you can't tell if it's the same as anything else. This line of thinking ("netbooks offer more capability for less money") makes sense to some customers, but not to many others: Apple is predicted to sell ~40 million iPads this year. This is a very interesting post. I did not know that authors who are not with the government had tried to put works in the public domain, that are submitted to IEEE. I didn't know this was possible. I know it certainly is standard policy for government researchers and labs to retain copyright when work is submitted to IEEE (or anywhere). Sometimes publishers say tough words about how this isn't possible, and you have to sign their copyright form, and you're holding up publication of the work. It's BS. The government copyright people will talk sense into them, and retain copyright so that the work can be distributed openly. Radically Elementary Probability Theory (REPT above) is an excellent book. A very thin volume that anyone who labored through measure-theoretic probability would enjoy at least scanning. It is fascinating and original, like the proof mechanism mentioned upthread. Here's an example of such a mini-proof: http://www.math.princeton.edu/~nelson/proof/BSI10.pdf I produce work as part of an FFRDC. The lawyer-derived boilerplate I must put on my work says (in part) "Copyright 2011". But, it's OK to republish the work in any way, including as part of a public web site or government report. I interpreted this as meaning that the government retains copyright, but that may be the wrong legal phrasing. The point is that the work is freely available. Thanks, this clears it up. The discrepancy is that I'm a researcher at a national lab, but not an employee of the US government. There are lots of such people. Thus, copyright does seem to apply to work done by me. I know from experience that the publication people at my lab will arm-twist to ensure copyright is not retained by an external publisher, like Springer or IEEE, and that the work remains openly available. People don't think of software ecosystems as quasi-organic things. To be regarded the same way as a long relationship with a cranky friend, maintaining an aging specimen tree, or a historic house. Do you cut the branch off, or just prune it back a little? Thanks for that note about kids holding things close up. I had never thought that better flexibility of their lens might be the reason. OP specifically says he does not favor large ships. "You can be watching TV and see Coca-Cola, and you know that the President drinks Coke, Liz Taylor drinks Coke, and just think, you can drink Coke, too. A Coke is a Coke and no amount of money can get you a better Coke than the one the bum on the corner is drinking. All the Cokes are the same and all the Cokes are good." -- Andy Warhol I don't think Apple's goal with iPhone is to make you want it because it's exclusive; you're supposed to want it because it's good. The Macintosh ended up as more an exclusive, niche product, but with later products Apple has moved away from that as a market strategy. You're asking a good question -- but you know a lot more than what you write above. The main thing is, you know that C, D, E, and F came from either A or B. The p-values above don't account for that; they just say what's the chance, due to random fluctuation, that a sample could have come from from the same source as A. That's reflected in the fact that the pairs of p-values don't add to one! (Like (A,C) and (B,C) in the table above.) You also implicitly know that at least one of {C,D,E,F} is A-like and one is B-like (otherwise there would not be a problem). So even if you know P(X and Y have same source) for all (X,Y), which you don't, you couldn't multiply them. Finally, the p-value returned by the KS test will underestimate the true probability of discrepancy. This is because it's only looking at one thing, the max value of a CDF difference. The significant differences between the distributions may lie elsewhere, like in the tails, and the KS test is known to be relatively insensitive to tail behavior. (Although at n=40 you won't be able to see far into the tails.) There are a host of other tests that use the same idea (empirical CDF difference) but weight differently. Some can be more effective than the KS test if you're looking for certain types of difference. Here's an OK overview, albeit for the goal of assessing normality: http://www.instatmy.org.my/downloads/e-jurnal%202/3.pdf In a real problem, it's always a good idea to use more empirical-cdf tests than just the KS test, to compare variances and other moments as some people in the thread have done, and to make histogram or CDF plots -- especially if you're in just 1 dimension and the plots are easy to interpret. Yes, and I think the prevailing wisdom is the same: Matlab for fast prototyping, C/C++ for speed and memory-efficiency in non-vectorizable contexts or pain points. Call the C/C++ from Matlab if you wish. You can tell the same story about Python, although I've not been as happy with the graphics in Python/Matplotlib/etc. For large-scale work (and a lot of work will always be large-scale), it's not possible to stick to a friendly managed-memory REPL environment. People want the answer to be otherwise, hence these repeated questions. I believe it was in his commencement address that he said something to the effect of, there will be days when you look in the mirror and have to say, I don't want to work today. But you do anyway. But if there are enough of these days in a row, you know you need to make a change. People in this thread would enjoy reading the following excellent short review of what drones are doing and their implications: http://www.nybooks.com/articles/archives/2011/sep/29/predato... The statement you quote is impossible to rate as true or false. But here's a fuller quote from the article above: "But there are also quite a few things about drones that you might not have heard yet. Most Americans are probably unaware, for example, that the US Air Force now trains more UAV operators each year than traditional pilots. [...] As I write this, the US aerospace industry has for all practical purposes ceased research and development work on manned aircraft. " I'm not exactly disagreeing, just noting that I read the opposite recently: "Even though home and wife are just a few minutes’ drive down the road from his battle station, the peculiar detachment of drone warfare does not necessarily insulate Martin from his actions. Predator attacks are extraordinarily precise, but the violence of war can never be fully tamed, and the most gripping scenes in the book document Martin’s emotions on the occasions when innocent civilians wander under his crosshairs in the seconds just before his Hellfire missile arrives on target. Allied bomber pilots in World War II killed millions of civilians but rarely had occasion to experience the results on the ground. Drone operators work with far greater accuracy, but the irony of the technology is that its operators can see their accidental victims—two little boys and their shattered bikes, in one especially heartrending case Martin describes—in excruciating detail. Small wonder that studies by the military have shown that UAV operators sometimes end up suffering the same degree of combat stress as other warfighters." It's from this review: http://www.nybooks.com/articles/archives/2011/sep/29/predato... of P.W. Singer's recent book. I agree with the sentiment. I work on computer vision systems that have application to this area and there's a line beyond which I won't go. I'm not sure where it is exactly. For instance, there are researchers working on human detection for these systems, which can have applications in attacking and in avoiding; the tech is independent of intent. IMHO the discipline of robotics is facing some of the same agonizing choices that atomic physics faced in the 1930s-1960s. The moral dimension of their work took the physicists largely by surprise. It would be a naive roboticist who did not see the same questions coming this time. Here's the printing press for the LA Times: http://latimesblogs.latimes.com/lanow/2010/06/many-la-times-... It's hard to appreciate the drama of deciding to stop that enormous thing, pulp the hundreds of thousands of papers already printed, and re-print everything from scratch, without understanding the scale of the operation. Agreed. Another one is Fannie Mae and Freddy Mac, which work together to stabilize the home mortgage market, resulting in lower mortgage interest rates than would otherwise be the case. Here's a nice article about Grigori Perelman, Fields medal winner, solver of the Poincare conjecture, and mathematical genius/recluse. Perelman came up in the Soviet system in the 1980s, when the discriminatory practice you mention was in force: http://www.nybooks.com/articles/archives/2010/apr/29/he-conq... Relevant quote: "For a Jewish boy [sic] gifted in mathematics to be admitted to a university, there were three possibilities: hope you were one of the two Jews accepted at Leningrad University every year; go somewhere with less draconian admission policies; or make it onto the Soviet team for the International Mathematical Olympiad, which guaranteed admission to Leningrad University. Perelman decided to try out for the team." The information is not really there, because the phase is not captured by the sensor. All you have is the intensity of the light. Blind deconvolution is easier in the time domain, and for digital signals (because you know both the input and output can have only certain levels, thus constraining the problem). It's been used routinely in modems for years. Temp does not matter as much as has been thought. See: http://labs.google.com/papers/disk_failures.html IIRC, up to about 40 C, failure rates are pretty flat as a function of temperature. The paper has some nice graphs. There is one other large-scale study in circulation that showed the same thing, but I don't recall the source. It depends on what you want, maybe they help you in some cases because it costs nothing, or doing so does not touch a "live wire" of corporate policy or government regulation. But for other matters, HR does pursue their own agenda, not yours. It's important to remember. Reminds me of this story. Substitute Apple for Google and Panic for you: http://www.panic.com/extras/audionstory/ Excerpts: We [at Panic] also seem to remember that Jobs painted us a vibrant (but genuinely honest) picture of how he viewed Audion [our product] fairing against iTunes: "It's like you guys are a little push-cart going down the railroad tracks, and we're a giant steam engine about to run you down." *** I remember [Jobs] asked, "Do you have any other ideas for apps you want to work on?" I replied, genuinely, "Well, we've got an idea for a digital photo management program..." and he replied with a simple, "Yeah. Don't do that one." Everyone in the room laughed but I had no idea why — remember, my head was still exploding — so Steven Frank had to explain to me that he meant, basically, it was already being made and, of course, it would be called iPhoto. Oh. I get it now. Good idea, good intentions? Yes. Will anyone provide funding to support code doc and release? I don't see any signs of it. Is there incentive for PIs or grad students to do this? Not much. Is there cultural pressure to do so? Very little. Conclusion: this is not going to happen. Yes. The fact that all these useful sensors (touch, display, camera, location, attitude, wifi/3g) are integrated in one small, portable, and not-that-expensive device opens interesting new possibilities. Think of the hobbyists who send their phone into space on a balloon. Quite true, and kudos to them for trying. Just being realistic about the chances for results in the next decade or two. Lobbying sponsors of research would be another pathway to adoption. It would raise a lot of questions about proper allocation of resources between consolidation and exploration. Read up on water intoxication deaths of marathoners and discover why your simple idea is wrong. I was surprised to learn, given the inelegance of much of Matlab, that it was explicitly influenced by APL. See the blue callout box at http://www.mathworks.com/company/newsletters/news_notes/clev... which shows part of a 1983 plan for Matlab: "Combining the technology of 1) mice and windows, 2) matrix and APL environments, and 3) direct manipulation, will do for engineers what Lotus 1-2-3 has done for the business world." Ulf Grenander, the Brown University mathematician who invented statistical pattern theory, once used APL, but moved to Matlab for his expository book on pattern theory: http://books.google.com/books?id=lxBDcFvFFvsC&pg=PA146&#... I agree that the vectorized operations in Matlab are good at lifting computational ideas out of the fog of nested for loops. It is more compact to represent some matrix algebra in Matlab notation than in ordinary matrix notation, as anyone who has read Golub and van Loan knows. It's weird to proclaim, but this concise notation can be as freeing for certain problems as Prolog's declarative transformations, and functional composition in Lisp. It has improved a lot. In the late 1990s it was decidedly behind the scripting languages of the time, and that's partly what I was referring to. And, the weird lack-of-speed issues. It used to be that you could implement a matrix multiply, in an m-file, that would be faster than the builtin *. I benchmarked this myself. I agree with your take on Octave performance relative to Matlab. The Matlab parallel toolbox is getting more and more useful in a multicore world. As you note, the Matlab profiler is very nice. You can zero in on the 80% of the 80/20 tradeoff very fast, during your usual development cycle. It's as simple as: >> profile on >> do_something >> profile report and you get a nice graphical/textual report on time usage in everything do_something called. It sucks. I think it's as simple as: page views. Reduce the news to something as simple as possible, give people a side to cheer for. Who would have imagined that tech would turn in to a spectator sport? It turns out, lots of people have this very same "little thing" to get off their chest. Every discussion of urban cycling goes off on this particular tangent. It's tiresome. If you talk to people who cycle in cities, you'll find a lot of anger and rage at drivers also. These people may be eccentric, but their opinion seems based on facts as well. So consider the other side. As a further catalyst, I challenge you, as a driver, to start looking at other drivers (including perhaps yourself) and noting the violations, especially speed limit violations. For instance, it's a fact that on my way up to work, every driver (including me) is breaking the speed limit (65 in a 60). Almost without exception, every day. On a street near where I live, it's very common to see people driving 40 in a 35 (not including me). Where's the outrage at these drivers? My point is simply that people haul out the "cyclists don't stop at stop signs" argument, in a selective way, without applying it to all traffic rules that are targeted at safety. You're right, the "65 in a 60" was a rhetorical device. I used it, of course, because it's a law that so many people break. But seriously, rhetorical devices aside: speeding in residential districts is a real problem for pedestrian (and driver, and cyclist) safety. And I think that's pretty clear. Why don't we talk about how consistently cyclists obey posted speed limits? ;-) Even TOTO's bare-bones low-volume-flush toilets are remarkably effective and well-designed. I replaced some very expensive Kohlers with TOTOs and was impressed. True, and just "learning" your regular day-to-day habits would not necessarily inform the system about an absolute lower bound on temperature. I think the thermostat control problem is harder than I might have given it credit for. Any time you have to learn in a nonstationary environment ( http://mathworld.wolfram.com/NonstationaryTimeSeries.html ), nasty surprises can happen. The future may not look like the past. Yes, his delivery was clear and considered. I was surprised he could hold it together during such an emotional moment. It's fun to see ISS (space station) as it flies over. You can go to lots of places, like http://spaceflight.nasa.gov/realdata/sightings/index.html to find good nights to watch. Usually right around sunset local time. Look for the longer durations and higher elevations. Plus, parrot owners tend to be a funky bunch (in a good way). So true. In a similar but infinitely more serious vein, men often don't hear about women's experiences of violence at the hands of men. Unless you're a particularly approachable man, you might, like me, be surprised at how many women you know have been touched by this problem. And even faster than this, MODIS is continuously broadcasting its raw data for pickup by anyone below who is listening: http://modis.gsfc.nasa.gov/data/directbrod/index.php This "direct broadcast" is in addition to the arranged, higher-bandwidth, downlinks of science data that feed the near-real-time pipeline (mentioned above, a couple hours behind realtime) and the regular science data pipeline (archival science data, days behind realtime). Silicon Valley is certainly not to be confused with southern California. Southern California should make you think LA. Silicon Valley should make you think SF. (There are loads of other associations, but that pairing shows how far apart they are.) Totally different, or hella different. Caltech is the odd one out in the other direction: Caltech undergrad enrollment: 967 I'm allergic to Latin when used to impress, but you should understand (and accept) that a lot of the prior work around rhetoric and argumentation comes from Greek and Latin sources. See also: modus ponens, QED, reductio ad absurdum, a fortiori. All commonly used. This is a real issue. And, it seems even the most capacious Mac (that's not a Mac Pro) only supports 16GB of RAM. That's not as much as I'd like, although with an SSD for swap, maybe it's not as painful. Traceback (most recent call last): File " ", line 2, in NameError: name 'smu' is not defined Excellent advice. You simply have to understand JS scope rules, and the Crockford post lays it out compactly. It's an idiosyncratic language. After I posted, I realized this. You're correct. In grad school, my office had an ordinary Edison incandescent bulb, kept on 24/7. Being probability nerds, we kept statistics on when it burned out. We had been expecting something like an exponential, or a bathtub, but it was much closer to Gaussian, with a mean lifetime around 1 month and (rough) standard deviation on the order of a few days. From an earlier press release on this asteroid, from a 2010 pass: [The radar imaging] reveals 2005 YU55 as a spherical object about 400 meters (1,300 feet) in size. Not only can the radar provide data on an asteroid's dimensions, but also on its exact location in space. Using Arecibo's high-precision radar astrometry capability, scientists were able to reduce orbit uncertainties for YU55 by 50 percent. "At one time we had classified 2005 YU55 as a potential threat," said Steve Chesley, a scientist at JPL's Near-Earth Object Program Office. "Prior to the Arecibo radar passes on April 19 thru 21 [2010], we had eliminated almost all upcoming Earth flybys as possibilities of impact. But there were a few that had a low remaining probability of impact. After incorporating the data from Arecibo, we were able to rule impacts out entirely for the next 100 years." * So, they do know this one will be well-behaved for 100 years. Yes, the results are consistent with that. Whatever stochastic effects there were, like electrical fluctuations or materials variations, were negligible. I think Classics or Comp Lit might be more daunting than Gender Studies. That is, a field of study with a nigh-bottomless reading list. The more you can read, and the deeper and more varied your cultural vocabulary, the better your essays will be. A field with clear advantages for ability to read or speak multiple languages. That is, if you want to excel. Some of the commenters here have clearly never taken a humanities class with a challenging reading component. I knew a German lit student and looked at his summer reading list (to prepare for grad school). It contained about 100 books, and he aimed to grind through a substantial fraction of them that summer. I read a lot (back then), but not at that level. That was one of the experiences, besides the time I took French and had my ass handed to me by people who were also simultaneously studying other languages, that brought home to me the linguistic workload that can be part of a humanities degree. It's a good question that I had to think about a little. First, I think you may not know how many missions there currently are. There has been a huge increase over the past years. Here's a list: http://www.nasa.gov/missions/current/index.html Second, the outer planets missions are not numerous. They tend to be big and all-encompassing, with multiple science objectives and specialized imagers. (Not a quick flyby like Voyager.) Because they need to show science impact, they can't just pack a simple imager and some particle detectors. Right now, the big outer planets mission is Cassini, which has been orbiting Saturn and visiting its moons, which are a varied bunch. Before that, there was Galileo, which visited Jupiter. For context, I believe it's accurate to say that the era of large "flagship" missions was wound down years ago, and replaced by what, at the time, was called "faster, better, cheaper". (Engineers replied, "sure, pick any two".) Despite grumbling, this doctrine pretty much won out for planetary missions. For inner planets, of course, most attention has gone to Mars, using the "follow the water" strategy. Yes, you quite literally need one of these to communicate with Voyager: http://www2.jpl.nasa.gov/files/images/browse/jpl9020ac.gif I agree, about resolution. But, people looking at the image may not understand it is a radar image, not an optical image. People might think that the highlights on the top of the image are sunlight, and the dark area below is shadow, but of course they're not, because radar doesn't care about sunlight. In fact, I'm not sure how they pseudo-colored the images. In vanilla radar imaging, you get the highest return off surfaces that are perpendicular to line of sight (generally speaking). Here's a (model) plane radar image: http://www.fhr.fraunhofer.de/fhr/site/drucken_c336_f4_en.htm... A lot of the radar imaging work is classified. Tone is annoying but the question is good. Here's some background on why this is being done: http://echo.jpl.nasa.gov/introduction.html Briefly: asteroid geology, better orbit prediction through understanding of mass distribution, modeling for evolution of solar system studies. There would have to be a rationale, because time on the telescopes is limited. "awkful" -- nice. A well-written (by Michael Lewis) article that should invite people interested in economics and human or rational decision-making to get to know Kahneman's work, which won the Nobel prize, better. Engineers try to make rational decisions but probably we don't realize the extent to which it's not really human nature to do so. Teaser: Amos [Tversky] and I once rigged a wheel of fortune. It was marked from 0 to 100, but we had it built so that it would stop only at 10 or 65 One of us would stand in front of a small group, spin the wheel, and ask them to write down the number on which the wheel stopped, which of course was either 10 or 65. We then asked them two questions: Is the percentage of African nations among UN members larger or smaller than the number you just wrote? What is your best guess of the percentage of African nations in the UN? The spin of a wheel of fortune had nothing to do with the question and should have had no influence over the answer, but it did. “The average estimate of those who saw 10 and 65 were 25% and 45 respectively.” Rota's reflections, anecdotes, and musings are always a good read. I enjoyed his book of essays (with Jacob Schwartz and Mark Kac) "Discrete Thoughts" http://books.google.com/books?id=5waLQ06J9VwC&pg=PA1&... and I see he has another called "Indiscrete Thoughts". Logitech's ability to develop solid software for other products hasn't been that strong. They bought Slim Devices, a Valley startup which developed a set of networked audio players. The Slim software and team seemed quite strong, but development of new players and software upgrades have really slowed down since the acquisition. And, there was a botched player release (I forget which unit it was, but it was the same deal as the Revue -- released before ready). It would be wiser to say this about the OP, which looks around nearby and proclaims "All programming is web programming". Someone wrote a little app that toggles it, but honestly, if you care that much about it to ask, just leave the hidden files visible all the time. I've found it to be the path of least confusion. There are a lot of options that are modified by the plist mechanism ("defaults write ..."). They tend to be little things of a very unixy character that serious nerds would like. It makes about as much sense as changing a .login or .profile or .ssh/config or .emacs or .exrc or .Xdefaults or ... . At least it's always the same tools and the same file format. Like you, I don't remember the screenshot shortcuts. I know vi and emacs bindings backwards and forwards, but I don't much like remembering special-purpose bindings. So I just use "Grab", the screenshot app (comes standard with OS X). Grab saves in .tiff. If you want .png, just use: defaults write com.apple.screencapture type png ;-) And if you get Xcode, you also have Shark for performance optimization. And those commands have to be interpreted by the shell (e.g., bash) and not by the terminal emulator, because power users expect the shell to jump in, in the middle of a line, and provide information -- such as in-place file globbing or variable expansion, or command completion. The parent comment must not be used to this standard capability. Thanks for the clear explanation of the rationale. Yes, it's a rare day (but happens once a month) where I will step away from the computer and say, I'm digging myself into a hole and I should not code any more without a plan for how this will fit with the rest of the system, a plan for better abstractions, or a plan for testing, or whatever. But that is because I spend a lot of time when not coding, thinking about these things, so the path forward is clear. And that higher-level planning usually happens informally, all the time, away from work. You know this already, but it's ridiculously hard to get in. I know two people who have applied. One's a PhD cosmologist who does aerobatics on the side. One's a PhD geophysicist who's also an experienced pilot and a mission data scientist. They didn't get in. OTOH, I know another person who's also qualified who doesn't want the job, because you have to live in Houston, do a lot of PR and outreach, and the chances of actually flying are not very good. All I'm saying is, they're both exceptional (among the class of serious-about-flying hard-science PhDs with extensive publication records and > 10 years mission experience) and they did not get in. Just calibration. That is indeed lutorm's point. But the shuffling model used in the Diaconis and Bayer paper that the reply referred to (the "7 shuffles to randomize" result) takes that into account. In particular, the shuffling model gives reasonably high probability to "imperfect" riffle shuffles that take several cards from the left pile and then several cards from the right pile. This model is on the first page of the paper http://projecteuclid.org/DPubS/Repository/1.0/Disseminate?vi... Basically, you split the cards at random, and then you draw sequentially at random from the two piles with probability L/(L+R) versus R/(L+R) (where L is the number of cards remaining in the left pile), to assemble the new deck. This will allow shuffle sequences that take a run from the left and then a run from the right. As people above have noted, of course the "randomization" of the deck is not perfect after 7 shuffles. But for lots of Markov processes, including this one, the distance of the shuffled deck to the uniform distribution on all decks tends to zero exponentially fast. So you get a quick change-over from "not random at all" to "very random". See table 3 of the paper. Persi Diaconis ( http://www-stat.stanford.edu/~cgates/PERSI/ ), to whom this result is partly due, is a legend in mathematical probability. How many math professors are bona fide magicians? From your point of view, what you say is true. From the company's point of view, they've invested in finding you, and getting you up to speed, and now they have to start over. Even if they get someone equally talented at the same pay, the company has lost that initial recruiting cost and investment. So from their point of view, that's what is being "poached." That is not counting the time it will cost to do these things. I read Isaacson's long-ago book The Wise Men (written with a coauthor) and found it masterful, engaging, and comprehensive. One of Siracusa's main objections to the Jobs bio is that Isaacson does not understand technology enough to separate the important from the trivial. Isaacson has faced this kind of problem begore. It seems from this review that he had advice from Brian Greene on his Einstein bio: http://www.nytimes.com/2007/04/09/books/09masl.html I wonder if Isaacson did not have enough help with the tech on the Jobs book? C-x C-c in standard bindings quits Emacs. I think the first reply above (aufrek3) was making a joke. This article doesn't mention other work in the area. Other teams have done field work with autonomous self-powered vehicles powered by thermal differences. http://www.jpl.nasa.gov/news/news.cfm?release=2010-111 A robotics friend of mine went to SpaceX a couple years ago. I understand he's working in computer vision for autonomous docking. As part of the measures to increase the efficiency of transmission, a new coder/decoder was developed to add about 2dB to the SNR to the transmitter. It was called the Big Viterbi Decoder, or BVD for short. The noted information theorist Ed Posner, who was on the design team, quipped, "I've worked on hardware and on software for space systems, but this will be the first time I've worked on underwear." That's a thorough paper. Here's a more personal walkthrough of the design space by the lead engineer for the rover: http://www.universetoday.com/7024/the-mars-landing-approach-... For instance: “We call it the Supersonic Transition Problem,” said Manning. “Unique to Mars, there is a velocity-altitude gap below Mach 5. The gap is between the delivery capability of large entry systems at Mars and the capability of super-and sub-sonic decelerator technologies to get below the speed of sound.” The article is in the context of landing humans on Mars, but the principles are the same. You can bet that there's no better simple solution. This problem has been analyzed extensively by groups with lots of resources (intellectual and monetary). Besides the other commenter who mentioned the size of the lift surface, think of the mass requirements, the variable atmosphere density mentioned in the linked article, the need for an autonomous lander (because of light time), and the small amount of time you have to land. They had been working 24 hour shifts for weeks to make the prior deadline. The delay was mainly due to a problem with the reliability of the mechanical actuators used by the robot. This happens, but it was an embarrassment to all concerned. I just found a good link to the story: http://www.thespacereview.com/article/1319/1 The amount of planning and risk management for large projects like this is amazing. I remember seeing the chart of subsystem deliverables and dependencies for a medium-size instrument (~100M$, far smaller than MSL), printed out from a large-format printer, tacked to a hallway wall. It was about 20 feet long by 4 feet high, printed just large enough to read. Thanks for the linked article. I can't believe I never ran across this concept before, outside of a formal definition. The links given in the article to applications are convincing about its utility. Agree. Here's another way of looking at it. If you're going to be their manager, it's in your interest to have their salary outcome have parity with other people doing similar work. Later on, if the employee gets unhappy with their comparative situation, it's much harder to fix a disparity with annual raises than it would have been to do the fair thing to begin with. If their pay is too low, you have made yourself a persistent problem that will be hard to fix. If you still like the original place, you can always go back after a few years, using your new rate as a negotiating tool. The other option (while still at the original place) is to get an offer from another company. Then, assuming you have your manager's support, take that to HR and ask for an out-of-cycle increase. Often by the time it gets this far, people are discontented enough to be at the point of walking away anyway. @ 15:00, you can see your keystrokes are being sent to the app even when the local wireless connection is being used (not 3G). The example is a search request to https://google.com (note, https), and the app is seeing your search string. That's much, much, more than you expect your ISP to have access to. It's essentially a keylogger running on a computer (your phone) that you own. Here's a link from the OP saying Spotify royalties really are as bad as he's saying: http://matthewebel.com/2011/07/20/spotify-let-the-money-pour... In Matlab: >> tic;sum(rand(1,3e6));toc Elapsed time is 0.059096 seconds. The regex shell is a neat idea. In many situations I'd like to generate strings accepted by the regex, to check that my regex is tight enough. I know this is hard in general (for lots of reasons, basically all reducing to "there are a lot of strings and no easy way to iterate through them in a satisfying way"). But, has anyone made any progress on this for the "easy" cases? That's a neat page, which does help construction of regex's. But, it does not address the question I posed. The regex R generates a language L of strings accepted by R. I want a facility for generating example elements of L. Given that L often is infinite or has immense cardinality, this is hard to do. I think I want a breadth-first descent of the tokens in the regex, but it's not always that simple. It strikes me that IC design systems started out oriented towards a 2d visualization scheme but have evolved towards a text representation. Chip design was once done by laying out components in a 2d plan view of the chip, but is now done in VHDL/RTL. Such a sharp thinker, with unbelievable wit and depth of memory. You can get a sense of his political style from his fascination with the remark from Israeli peace activist Israel Shahak, "there are beginning to be some encouraging signs of polarization". Meaning that usually, well almost always, you have to choose sides. Draw the line between the sides yourself if necessary. It's Hitchens' writings that introduced me to the early, dry, humorous works of Evelyn Waugh (best known is "Scoop", but also Decline and Fall, and the Sword of Honour trilogy). Some of Hitchens' best writing was literary appreciation, not polemics. I was surprised that Sebastian Thrun is not on the inventors' list. At least two CMU robotics types are among those on the list. Perhaps it speaks to the depth of Google's robotics expertise? Interesting, but three years old. The two things of interest to me: the variety of source materials they have to encode from, and the fact that their player (at the time) increases or decreases bitrate on-the-fly depending on bandwidth. Anyone got a more recent source for what they're doing? More on this at: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Double_planet LAUSD, where this pilot was done, is facing existential threats from progressive budget cuts, a school-board/teacher-union faction fight, and charter schools (however you feel about these things), and working on better school lunch is at best a sideshow to the real and huge problems. No surprise the pilot did not scale. They come up with an expected number of rolls-to-complete of 32. This surprisingly large number is why that game tends to drag on forever. Yes, I realized this simple explanation only after doing the Markov chain analysis myself a couple years ago. But for some reason, looking at the game, you don't think it will take so long. Those are neat links. But, in using a 94-inch aperture, they neglect the possibility of flying an optical interferometer, or a deployable mirror. This technology opportunity has probably not been neglected by the powers that be. Here's a couple of links (they speculate it's a deployable for RF SIGINT, but truth is we don't know): http://www.cbsnews.com/stories/2010/11/22/tech/main7077593.s... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mentor_(satellite) It sounds like I misplaced my tinfoil hat, but that's what you would have thought about recovering films with a grappling hook. CCDs were invented only in the late 1960s. These satellites were flown in the early 1960s. According to Wikipedia ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charge-coupled_device#History ) the first spy satellite with CCDs was flown in 1976. Sounds good at first, but remember, the U.S. just spent around around $3e12 on wars in the Middle East, developing all kinds of technology along the way. Some of it has to be surveillance tech like this. Even a small fraction of this number would pay for a lot. The abiding fascination of HN for Aeron chairs? http://www.hnsearch.com/search#request/submissions&q=aer... I'm a little skeptical about the domain of usefulness of this algorithm. The simple method that computes the CDF and uses binary search for sampling is called "Roulette wheel selection" in this writeup. The only difference at the big-O level between the "beautiful algorithm" and the above simple algorithm is, the latter takes log(n) steps for sampling versus O(1) (setup and memory usage are the same). How many problems have n large enough so const1*log(n)+const2 is significantly more than the constant in O(1) algorithm? Not many, I'll bet, especially since const1 and const2 are small due to the simplicity of the simple CDF-based algorithm. If it was O(sqrt(n)) vs. O(1), this would be a different thing, but log is different. This is not to diminish the inherent interest in the sampling arguments used, and the existence of a big-O faster algorithm. I'm just saying that n has to be very large before the O(1) asymptotics kick in, that is, for: c1 log(n) + c2 > c3 where, from what I can see, c3 >> c2 and c1 is low. And the setup time for the other algorithm is also greater (but, the same according to the O() measure). In answer to your rhetorical question: I'd benchmark both. But, I already implemented the simpler algorithm in existing code, and bottlenecks for problems of interest to me are elsewhere. Also, the more complex algorithm is more likely to have a bug -- which might be elusive, as they sometimes are with complex RNGs. I've found bugs in the published algorithms in DeVroye's book, for instance, and that book is considered authoritative. It's hard to convey just how subversive a parameter-dependent bug in a low-level RNG can be. Silicone, actually. World of difference. Here's another good quote: "Single-car garages, hidden in backyards and alleyways in the early 20th century, doubled in size by the 1970s and moved onto the front lawn once cities began to require two residential spaces for every house." The LA city requirement that new houses must have parking for two cars, side-by-side, has pretty much made the only possible home layout like this: http://image.americanhomeguides.com/cgi-bin/imagemgr/get_ima... i.e., driveway straight up to garage, which is in front of house. This means the front yard is half concrete, and every (new) house front is dominated by the garage. Even relaxing the requirement to allow tandem parking would be an improvement. In general, you can toss any set of numbers into a clustering algorithm, and it's kind of interesting to puzzle over the structures that come out. The more you know about the domain, the more interesting it tends to be. PCA can be the same way. You toss images or whatever in, and out come either eigenvectors or principal components of the images. Either way it's often interesting to domain experts. Yep, I live in a neighborhood where all the teenage boys worship at the altar of Fast and Furious, and I didn't totally believe the article's thesis. They have not only muscle cars, as you mention, but hacked together roadsters, freaky modded VWs bugs, tuned Hondas, lowered El Caminos, and raised 4WDs. Not to mention the motorcycles. The idea of moving to Copenhagen and pedaling a bicycle to the tram stop does not seem to have seized their imagination in quite the same way that Vin Diesel has. ;-) I used to have a Thomas Brothers LA basin wall map. This was a 5x7 (foot) map that went down to street level within the whole Los Angeles area. It was fantastically detailed and beautifully printed. I could quite literally spend an hour studying that map, and I learned a lot from it. It would draw you in, in a way that digital maps can't quite do, at least not now. I can also spend hours browsing Google maps, but it's more fiddly. Besides the "draw you in" property, the wall map has the advantages of showing far-away regions at equal scale, and always showing places in relation to each other. This is a step forward. Earlier NASA open-source had to be released only on open channel: http://www.openchannelsoftware.com/cosmic/ This is not workable because it wasn't possible for non-NASA developers to contribute back. This one-way system resulted in other software being released piecemeal, outside the above process, e.g. http://oodt.apache.org/ Doing even this took a lot of work. It used to be that, if you wanted to distribute NASA-sponsored software using an open-source-like model, it had to be done through Open Channel foundation. Here's a press release which gives a flavor of how that looked: http://www.openchannelsoftware.com/NASA_1.html Sounds pretty bureaucratic to me. Open Channel was an antique system (pre-WWW) in which software was "thrown over the fence" to a caretaker, with no provision for general users to contribute back. So, faced with a long process of approval and little possibility of tangible benefit, it was unusual for software to be released that way. I'm not certain about the reason for a long approval process. Since about 1999, there is ITAR, which is a huge impediment, but open-sourcing was hard even before ITAR. My guess is that NASA wished to (or was required to, by Congress) recover some costs by licensing the software, and this was the reason for the impediments to open-sourcing. In this way, the government was treating software more like hardware components than like documentation of research results. NASA as an agency has always had an uneasy relationship with software. It's much more comfortable with hardware technology, and tends to treat software technology by analogy with hardware. I doubt this, although I'd be interested to be corrected. For instance, the iRobot-developed PackBot, which is "military" in that thousands are used in Iraq and Afghanistan, has no rad-hardening that I know of (and no rad-hard version). (Packbots were used at Fukishima.) I can't imagine why there would be a rad-hard Packbot, because doing so would involve trading off performance like weight or processing power. Here's the best link I could find: http://blogs.scientificamerican.com/observations/2011/04/19/... I also found some mentions of radiation-hardened robots sent from the US to Japan, but always with the same wording, and then no mentions of their being used.