Hello, 1. FLAVOR: Ubuntu Desktop HEADLINE: pinch to zoom with touchpads DESCRIPTION: pinch to zoom with touchpad is convenient and available on most platforms. It would be nice to have it on Ubuntu and other distributions, too. It is already available with touchscreen on some applications but not at all on touchpads. 2. FLAVOR: Ubuntu Desktop HEADLINE: Pixel-perfect scrolling everywhere by default. DESCRIPTION: Pixel-perfect scrolling makes it more easier to read long texts. 3. FLAVOR: all HEADLINE: Parallelize apt / dpkg DESCRIPTION: Installation of packages requires downloading, unkpacking, configuring. Using apt(-get), one cannot install two or more things in parallel. Package downloads could be done even if an installation is already ongoing and requests to install packages could be added to the current installation process instead of rejecting them because there is already an installation running (with possibly priority handling). 4. FLAVOR: Ubuntu Desktop HEADLINE: One-click add ppa + install app DESCRIPTION: It should be easy for users to install applications that are not in the repository. One click to add a ppa and install an application (with any security warning that applies) would be a good step toward this. 5. FLAVOR: Ubuntu Desktop HEADLINE: Stability when resuming from suspend DESCRIPTION: With too many laptops, resuming from suspend is unreliable and may hang. 6. FLAVOR: Ubuntu Desktop HEADLINE: Higher maximum volume level DESCRIPTION: One thing that is consistent across many laptop, maximum sound is too quiet for integrated speakers. 7. FLAVOR: Ubuntu Desktop HEADLINE: Make Emoji input and display easy and here by default DESCRIPTION: More and more people like and use emojis. A Ubuntu should handle that correctly. 8. FLAVOR: Ubuntu Desktop HEADLINE: Show battery usage per application and alert when an application is eating battery (unexpectedly) DESCRIPTION: sometimes, a process uses too much battery and has time to waste energy before noticed. 9. FLAVOR: Ubuntu Desktop HEADLINE: Remote control without configuration DESCRIPTION: it would be nice to be able to help a novice Ubuntu user remotely, without making him / her install and configure anything, even if they are using a public wifi, with low latency (with a possibility to take control with an ssh-like method). 10. FLAVOR: Ubuntu Desktop HEADLINE: Bring atomic snapshots to the common user DESCRIPTION: Btrfs and ZFS provide atomic snapshots that can be used to go back in time in case something bad happened. Ubuntu could bring this functionality to the user by making it possible to cancel an update or a configuration, and to protect user's home directory from human mistakes by periodically making snapshots.This would be a useful complement to regular backups. ROLE/AFFILIATION: Kubuntu Desktop user FLAVOR: Ubuntu Desktop HEADLINE: Exfat installed by default DESCRIPTION: Many cameras use exfat for their memory cards. Users should not have to install an obscure exfat-fuse package to handle this. (forgot that in my previous comment) A bit off topic but I wrote a very small JS library that uses this exact format 6-7 years ago. It transforms such an object to a DOM tree. This is nice to see somebody mention this format, this kind of validates it. So, thank you! It also accepts things like ["div#123.class-name-1 class-name-2", ["span", "Hello world"]]. You can keep a reference of a node in a Javascript object if needed: let refs = {}; let div = jso2dom( ["div", ["span", {"#":"sp"}, "Hello world"] ], refs ); console.log(refs.sp); // Hello World I've found it very convenient so far and still use it today. This is simple, prodigiously stupid and works in vanilla JS, so this works for me for the time being. Parsing may be complex but in my case, this is done by the Javascript engine, so I'm not affected by this complexity. This is possible in D using /+ comments +/. https://wiki.dlang.org/Commenting_out_code#Nested_comments This allows commenting out code containing comments, which can be useful when debugging or giving usage examples in the code. One small thing that bothers me is the upvote button that looks too much like a button to (un)fold comments, especially when you can't downvote and therefore don't have any downvote button. I just discovered that there is a [-] to (un)fold comments by the way. I would probably just have swapped the positions and use less confusing icons. Another thing is the occasional blocks of code that are too wide and not wrapped, this requires horizontal scrolling which I find a bit annoying, especially on phones. And the text-reflow Firefox extension does not handle this, otherwise it would be a non-issue for me. At the beginning, the appearance of HN seemed raw to me, but I got used to it and like it. The Intel integrated graphic card of my laptop does handle 3 screens fine and I dont need to mess with drivers, everything works well out of the box. I would actually advise against NVIDIA cards unless you need powerful graphic processing or to do GPU computation. Stock rom without root was pretty decent for me. No ads at all. However, I only use free software apps mostly from F-Droid (and uBlock Origin takes care of the web). I knew that this was putting myself in a bubble, but I had not realized that the experience of using a phone for a lot of people must be that annoying. What a shame. Computers should serve humans, not the other way round! I discovered Google Play's App Store on someone else's phone, that was painful and stressful. But what you are describing seems hellish. "Chrome for Android now supports Widevine L1, allowing sites to play encrypted media in a secure way." Really? If I want visitors to play encrypted videos in a secure way, I serve them through HTTPS using a codec that does not have patent issues! Widevine is not a matter of allowing anything. This sentence is an horrible way to describe what it is for. Good article otherwise, except for the annoying top bar. I wondered the same thing a while ago and I would think this is to ease dragging the window with the mouse, which you may want to do easily when the window is not maximized. I'd really like Firefox on Linux to hide the window title bar (at least when maximized) and put the close / maximize / reduce buttons in the tab bar (or make it an option). The tab bar does already allow one to move the window, at least on KDE. Then, Firefox could adopt the same kind of behavior as Chrome for this. Thanks for the tip. I didn't know maximus. Actually, kwin does allow writing rules that do exactly that. However, this removes window management buttons, which I don't use often but do like to have. Extensions did that but are not compatible anymore ans never really had an integrated look. I recognize this is mostly feelings though I used to have tab trees and they are amazing. The extension I used had some stability / slowness issues and I also like having nothing on the sides of the webpage. I would still appreciate a tree view that shows when clicking a button when I need it, maybe something like the Netsurf History that shows when long clicking on its previous button (by the way, this next/previous tree feature of Netsurf is awesome, it would be great to have this as is in other browsers). But I usually have many tabs and Firefox is usable without tree tabs. I use CTRL+tab to cycle through most recently used tabs. If you enable the browser.ctrlTab.previews about:config setting, you get a nice alt+tab-like window. The order of tabs in ctrl+tab is changed when using browser.ctrlTab.previews (from simple in order tab circle to circle through most recently used tabs, lastly used first). I have become dependent on this to the point that Chrome or Firefox without it feel like they get in my way when I browse. I also from time to time used the list of tabs provided by the ctrl+tab previous window, but it seems to have just disappeared in a recent Firefox update? Anyway, I find that the most efficient way to go to a not so recently-used tab is to just search for something in its title or its URL in the URL bar (CTRL+L) and use the "go to tab" feature (and I disable search engine suggestions in the URL bar). And if you closed the tab, the page will be proposed because it is in the history. Chrome's URL tab just feels useless in comparison. The URL bar of Firefox and its CTRL+TAB tab preview feature / cycle order are two killer features for me. Losing them would be painful. With light pages + efficient ad blocking, 50 tabs seem actually light on memory. This may be less true with video pages or many heavy online newspaper websites. Since I got a 32 GiB RAM computer, I don't know what is the memory usage of Firefox anymore. I love them at times. Do you know if a Firefox 57+ compatible extension exists for that? This is great. I didn't expect this to happen so soon. When we will have this and pixel-perfect scrolling enabled by default, the Firefox UI will be close to ideal for me. To get pixel scrolling now, the solution is easy: #!/usr/bin/env sh MOZ_USE_XINPUT2=1 exec /usr/bin/firefox "$@" I use rss2email with cron to send posts of my family's blog by email to people for whom straight RSS is not convenient. This is especially nice for my grandmother, who has an iPad. I found no RSS reader there that is easy to use enough, free and ad-free. I just wanted something I can just give a RSS link to and it fetches this link and shows content. And nothing else. This does not seem to exist. My grandmother knows how to read and write emails. Blog posts are rendered properly using rss2email in her mailbox. And she knows how to click in the email to go to the blog and comments at times. This is actually even simpler and more optimal than a dedicated RSS App. One unique easy way to get news from the family using the tablet. And the blog is easier than Facebook (I guess - never used it). There is just our content in the pages and that’s it. No irrelevant stuff around and no notifications. If you are looking for ways to keep in touch with a group of people in which somebody is not really into computers, this may be one nice solution. So, thanks to the authors of rss2email. I wondered the same for the downvotes. #3 (communal process) can be really fun and enjoyable. It depends on the people. Each time I experienced it, people were always having great time. Perfection should not be sought. Letting people add their creativity can help. It can really be a good idea. But do not force anyone not willing to participate and do not make such people feel like they are jerks. #2 really depends on the people. It has been wrong most of the cases in my experience. People often enjoy food. Food is part of the pleasure for many people! Maybe you could use a different theme for each profile, or put different buttons or buttons in different order in the toolbar? Maybe there could be an extension that shows the name of the current profile and/or an image/text chosen by the user in the toolbar or the tab bar? The extension would have to be installed in each profile, but this is to be done only once. Please still my idea, whether you are a Firefox or an addon developer! The keyword trick given by others is nice. If like me you are lazy, use the autocomplete feature. First manually type the URL with the search terms and validate. Then for your second search type some unique part of the base URL and it appears because it is in your history, press down and modify the URL for your new search. When you have done this several times, it seems firefox understands what you are trying to do and autocompletes the URL with the common parts. Works Weil with wiktionary, wikipedia and WordReference for instance. Special mention to WordReference with its friendly URL scheme. Works on firefox mobile too. I canot remember how to validate autocompletion, my fingers do it themeselves. It must be something like Right or CTRL+Right. On mobile, it is a touch. I wonder why it works for me and not for you. I guess I'll have to guess what in my usage pattern allows that :-) Maybe I accessed the base URL without the query parameters. The Linux kernel. edit: VLC. I guess KDE Connect uses this kind of API to share the clipboard between the phone and the computer. This is very convenient, but this can be a bit scary too. This means your phone which is full of proprietary blobs accesses everything that is copied from the computer. This is even worse if you have any app you do not fully trust on the phone. Maybe a solution would be to have a manual button "share clipboard with the phone", instead of automatically sharing the clipboard. Solving this seems pretty similar to how browsers handle phishing related issues with International Domain Names. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IDN_homograph_attack I have used Viz.js since 2012 in Aude [1], a tool to play with Finite State Machines, in order to display results from algorithms like minimization, determinization and other common FSM-related algorithms, and also to provide an automatic redraw feature when drawing FSMs. The user can also input FSMs in a small description language, and they are drawn automatically using the same system. For people who don't know Viz.js, it is basically GraphViz compiled for the web as ASM.js using emscripten plus a convenient way to call it. Usage is simple: you give the DOT code, and it returns an SVG document as string (other formats are actually supported). Viz.js is awesome. Thanks Mike Daines! And obviously, thanks Graphviz! Webgraphiz uses a viz.js file. Is it actually the same Viz.js? (edit: yes, it is) [1] https://aude.imag.fr/ There is a market to take here: Javascript as a Service, to bypass CorpNets. Ubuntu is probably going to be updated before January, 9th ( https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/KnowledgeBase/SpectreAn... ) So I sent those quotes to Richard Stallman: - https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=16081602 (this thread's original message) - https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=16081712 (the parent) - https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=16081700 ("Stallman is the hero we don’t deserve") With some encouraging sentences to keep on making the world a better place. He felt honored. He asked me to post this for him. "Now that you recognize these problems are real, how about joining in the work to fix them? See gnu.org/help for a list of many different kinds of work that we need (programming is just one of many), then pick one and help!" I use perdu.com to test my connection and for captive portals. The website is fast, light (to say the least), always up, the URL is short and there is no valid HTTPS version so no need to type http:// . It also makes people around smile (and ask what this website is while I'm testing stuff and not thinking about it). English translation: Lost on the Internet? Don't panic, we are going to help you * It is amazing how this joke has been there since 1998, without a change. In 2016, perdu.com was displayed 1-2 million times per day and his author was spending €65 per year for this (source: https://www.nouvelobs.com/rue89/rue89-internet/20160603.RUE3... ). Or Gocker, an implementation of Docker in go... (Edit: pwinnski was faster than me) I think 2.7MB is the size of the average web page on the Web on mobile (3.4M on desktop). Which is quite scary. (Edit: though this may refer to pages that are being developed and tested in Page Speed, see the other comment). I wrote a whole (private, small) website with pictures (photos and images) and styles that includes a maze using JavaScript in 0.6 MB total. I didn't spend too much time in optimizing this. I cheated a bit: links in this website point to anchors in the same HTML file. This does mean that without this trick, one page would be even lighter. I would find it hard to write a 3MB webpage without doing it on purpose. Something is wrong with Web development. Stop wasting resources! Yes, that was the point :-) > How can a skillful JS developer make the site better for me when I want to avoid ANY extra features and distractions? I don't know if I qualify as a skillful JS developer, but I run a website displaying pictures that works correctly without Javascript. However, Javascript makes this website way faster, smoother and easier on the connection by downloading only the moving parts when clicking on a link, carefully preserving history so back/next works as if this script did nothing. When Javascript is disabled, an ugly white flash appears when navigating between some pages and rendering is just slower, even though it remains decent (my code is minimalist anyway…) When leaving the page of a picture to come back to the album it is in, scroll position is restored. This is impossible without Javascript. History Back button is not sufficient: you might have looked at 10 pictures before coming back to the album. Sure, you can still ask your browser to come back 10 pages ago, but this is less convenient than just clicking on a cross. It also help dimension images correctly, which I could not manage to do using pure CSS, unfortunately. No Javascript tracker is present. You want Javascript enabled on this website because it helps using less resources and makes things easier to use. This is a 9 KB Javascript file that gets compressed to 3 KB and served using HTTP2 only once, so this is basically a null cost when considering how much a picture weighs (~ 100KB). And this is free software, for the sake of it. But you cannot know this on random websites. Problem is, Javascript is not used like this in general. Unfortunately for websites like this one, disabling Javascript by default is still a reasonable thing to do. Worse, visitors of this website that disable Javascript won't be aware of that, because things pretty much work as expected and I don't display a warning message. Has someone ever tried to submit images from Google captchas to Google Images? An answer like "This is definitely a sign" from Google Images would be funny. The problems might be due to interactions with wifi. On my laptop, I need to unload iwlwifi: modprobe -r iwlwifi and then reload it with these options: sudo modprobe iwlwifi bt_coex_active=0 swcrypto=1 11n_disable=8 for Bluetooth to work correctly. Without this, discovering Bluetooth devices often does not work correctly and when I manage to pair my headphones with the laptop, the connection is often lost when wifi is used. For 1, my configuration of zsh solves the problem and avoids surprises by marking pasted shell code and letting me review it before running it, even if there are several lines. This is great for just pasting stuff from the internet and adapt as I wish without having to retype the entire thing or use an editor. I think this is a default behavior in oh-my-zsh. Actually, my zsh config mostly behaves like fish with great completion, syntax coloring and sensible history handling, with zsh syntax which is close to bash. So I can copy paste stuff from the internet and reuse my knowledge from the time I used bash because it was the default, and still leverage the improvements brought by zsh. I don't understand 2. For 3, of course you should understand what you run, but I don't want my tools to get in the way. My tools should allow me to do what I want, not prevent me from doing something for technical reasons. This is a question of education. If people want to run something without understanding it, I bet they will type it blindly, if they can't copy paste it. They will just be slower at running things blindly, leading them to a disaster just a bit slower. Please let me not lose my time even more when I cause disasters. (Yes, true, retyping stuff forces your more to think about it, but I already review the things I paste into my shell) Okay, bracketed paste does not help against attacks. Hello! One small comment about this webpage on Firefox mobile: in portrait mode the page shows correctly, but in landscape mode the header + the message inviting visitors to try GitLab EE take about 50% of the screen, which makes the page a bit annoying to read. I think visitors should be able to get rid of the message and the header should be made non sticky or a least way smaller if you really like those sticky headers. I guess landscape 1080p is considered as a regular computer there, but this is false in my case. Thanks for making GitLab, this is what I currently use for my projects. Pandoc ( http://pandoc.org/ ) is written in Haskell and converts documents across formats. The AOSP keyboard lacks functionality when compared to Google keyboard by default: there is no way to swipe on the keyboard to write words, and you cannot input emojis by writing their description. Please, do not drain my batteries, waste resources of my planet and make me (or my employer, or my coffee shop, or my train company, or my library) pay electricity to prove I'm not a robot. Please, do not make Internet an energy hog more than it already is. Spam is still an issue. When you set up a new mail server, you are likely to be filtered by big providers because they will consider you as spam. I've personally had issues with Microsoft and a local provider. This makes self hosting or running a small email provider hazardous, which is problematic. I never had issues with Google and Yahoo though. I guess spam and spam filters also have an ecological impact even if spams don't end up in our inbox. And there are false positives too. Because of spam, we are likely to miss a legitimate message one day or another. And I regularly see phishing on my professional inbox. So spam is still an issue even if it is hidden, for several reasons. At INRIA (a French computer science research institute), AV became mandatory on Macs last year. A colleague of mine got hit recently by a crypto-miner on their Mac. I don't know if they had an AV, and if so, if the AV would have caught the miner. This was detected by the IT department by monitoring suspicious traffic. I don't use a macOS so I can't really say. I see AVs as another piece of proprietary software that you have to trust, and that takes significant resources without knowing how useful they are. On Windows, I would probably use the one from Microsoft, since it's free and since I would already "trust" Microsoft by using their OS and I would somewhat bet that it is in their interest to keep their OS safe. I can't be sure tough: why is it not integrated by default (or is it?)? To allow competition? Then is Microsoft making their antivirus less efficient so the competition is still relevant? And maybe AV is not really Microsoft's main business so their antivirus may be lacking? On the other side, I would bet it is in the interest of other AVs to always nag you and make you feel they are present and useful more than being actually efficient for other things than high detection rates in benchmarks. They are irritating and advertise themselves in people's mail signatures, sometimes outright lying: "this email as no viruses" - That you can't be sure, and the mail could have got a virus in its way between the sender and the recipient. By design, AVs can't really detect new viruses and I would not feel really more confident with an AV than without because of that. AVs didn't catch ransomwares when they first appeared after all. I don't use any antivirus. My approach to security is: - Using only free software, as much as possible (I know, I would need to audit everything I use for this to be perfect, but I can't possibly do that). - that is preferably installed from the OS vendor, which I have no choice to trust anyway. - usage of an ad blocker with more filters than the default - be careful where clicking links - instant backups in a self hosted cloud for important things, and automatic daily snapshots of this cloud somewhere else - and I also happen to never be browsing sketchy websites. - all this is true on my phone as well. One could add usage of Google safe browsing or something related for phishing. And also blocking Javascript or third party Javascript by default when browsing, which I did at some point in my life but which is not convenient for most people. Would I recommend AV for somebody who uses an OS that is more targeted by viruses than mine, and is likely to fell in a trap (the kind of trap an AV would catch anyway)? Probably Windows Defender on Windows, for Macs I really don't know. If there is an AV provided by Apple or by some other company you trust, I guess I would go for it rather than having nothing. You can always get viruses from the network that will silently exploit an unfixed security breach on any system, and that may remain undetected so at least, I would tell them to be careful, to keep their system updated and to make backups regularly (ideally, backups should be automatic to some extent), since AVs can't guarantee that no virus will make it. I would make sure that they are not too confident in the AV, too. Asciiflow is nice: http://asciiflow.com/ Funny. These new tabs in Chrome make me think of the tabs in Firefox before Quantum, although in Chrome they are more rectangular. This would be a mix of Firefox Quantum and pre-Firefox Quantum tabs. I'll possibly feel like I am using an old Firefox version when running Chrome the first few times. I host my mails and to my surprise, gmail has been one provider which hasn't caused me any trouble so far in 2 years, with Yahoo. I have proper configuration for dkim, SPF and dmarc. Even when my mails were somewhat misconfigured it worked with gmail. When a recipient has a gmail or a Yahoo address, I am quite confident that my mails will make it into their inbox correctly. Not that I'm glad that most people I email with use gmail, since I'm precisely hosting my mails to escape Google (well, this is one of the reasons). I cannot say that for Microsoft. After a long discussion with them, I think I'm not systematically landing in my recipients' spam folder anymore, but I'm still not very confident. Microsoft, please fix your filters! If I already exchanged with somebody in a two-way direction several times, my mails should not land in their spam folder anymore, especially if they explicitly marked me as not spam (even more if they added me to their contact list), and if you observed only legitimate mails for months or even years from my IP/domain, my mails should not be treated as spam by default even for new recipients, right? Good and reasonable filters are important for internet neutrality, where small providers can exist. Automating tasks is freeing humanity of some amount of necessary labor to achieve (assuming any task is useful). This means, in a society were things are correctly organized, more average free time for humans, more things we can achieve. Which is desirable, if we are not achieving self destruction or the destruction of our neighborhood. But I'm optimistic, I'm sure we will be able to figure this out at some point that I hope is not too distant in the future. This is my feeling. Also, if people like to do something that can be automated, they will still be able to do that. Just not as a job maybe... Or maybe not. Some people still paint pictures that are pretty close to actual photos. And, in my opinion, in a well organized society, people have enough free time to do what they like to do. Not automating things we can automate is maintaining useless work for humans. We should just be sure about what can be automated, which is not so easy. If you replace a cashier by a machine, you may free this person from risking serious injuries in some cases, and from a task that can be dull and repetitive. You also remove some human interactions that people may appreciate (and maybe even rely on) and that a machine cannot provide. I've already gone out of a shop happier just because I had a nice or funny exchange with the cashier, or even a smile. At the end of the day, this kind of things is useful. I believe we will always need human interactions, some jobs might not be automatable for this reason. So cashiers might be better replaced by machines in many places for a lot of good reasons, but human interactions have to be maintained somewhere. This may not have to be part of a job however. And i agree that sometimes, you just want to buy your stuff and go out without having to expose yourself to any human interaction. I completely agree with you. I have to disagree. I use plasma as my desktop environnement and I occasionally use some gtk3 apps like evince. The KDE team did a good job porting the breeze theme to gtk, evince is beautiful here. So is gedit and meld is okay too. The gtk header bar also looks good and I actually like it. Chrome also looks good here. KDE also provide a nice configuration tool for gtk apps. Worst case, I feel gtk apps look and feel as they do in gnome, which is okay. The gnome crowd paid attention to the look and feel of their software and this is noticeable. I still do prefer KDE apps most of the time, I always feel they behave the right way. What should be zoomable with the mouse wheel is for instance. Qt apps also look good on gnome, especially when using the breeze theme. Gnome with this theme is beautiful. However, many KDE apps are broken or ugly if QT_QPA_PLATFORMTHEME is not set to "kde" (and then you get whatever theme is configured in plasma, not the theme of your current desktop environment). At least outside of gnome. Bare Qt apps don't have this problem: VLC looks good everywhere. However, configuring the look and feel of Qt 5 apps is a pain outside of KDE. Gtk3 apps are also more likely to behave better on a touchscreen (scrolling, for instance). Plasma do behave very well on a touchscreen. KDE apps, not so particularly well. Gtk 2 is a disaster, popup menus are unusable. This makes xfce unusable on touchscreens on which I tested it. Some details, some behaviors are different between the toolkits. Overflowing toolbars unhide differently for instance (this is visible with LibreOffice vs LyX. I find Qt a bit annoying with this). With Qt you get the opportunity to have a good opening file dialog. The gtk one is nice looking but quite annoying. It autocompletes in a surprising way (in KDE at least), and reauires typing Ctrl+L to type a path but the recently used files gets in the way (although is occasionally very helpful). I also have observed that Qt apps play well with the DPI / font scaling setting of the xsdl x server on Android. Gtk apps require to set GDK_DPI_SCALE manually. For programming, I would not hesitate between Qt and gtk. The Qt API is clean and straightforward and powerful. Gtk looks worse to me. And for the documentation, Qt is top notch. I might have missed something on the side of gtk. I would use gtk only if I have to use C. Qt apps will also probably look better outside of Linux/BSD than gtk apps. Gtk will probably look more native than anything on the Ubuntu desktop, since everything in Ubuntu is written in gtk. I would still consider Qt though. With care given to integration, good result should be reachable. Yes, they don't really deserve you as a user. I wouldn't trust Microsoft for privacy today. I think the "best" option for now would be an Android phone without Google services. And as a developer you don't have to play to put your app in the F-Droid repository (you may want to donate though). In 2019, the Librem 5 will probably be a good (expensive?) option too. You don't need root and developer options on such a device. If your device is well supported, you may have regular OTA updates with latest security patches (which is not always the case with stock Android by the way). Using only apps from F-Droid, I'm reasonably sure no app is doing something shady. Google is probably not spying on you as much as on a regular Android phone. No need for having a Google account to install apps, by the way. Depending on the device, SELinux policies can be enforced (and probably are on a well supported device). F-Droid requires enabling insecure sources but this is not a problem if you don't download random APKs from the Internet and on Oreo, it seems insecure sources are handled with a permission given per app. Insecure sources can be enabled in any regular Android device anyway. (edit: and actually, I think enabling insecure sources is not necessary if F-Droid Privileged Extension is flashed on the device ( https://f-droid.org/en/packages/org.fdroid.fdroid.privileged... ) I can't verify what are doing the numerous proprietary blobs all over the place, but this is true on any current Android phone so far (and this is my motivation to put "best" inside quotes actually). Why would this option not be secure enough compared to a regular Android phone? Sure you have to deal with an unlocked bootloader, but if someone gets physical access to the phone, they can unlock it anyway. They will not get access to the data since it is encrypted (it should, anyway!). (p.s. for posterity: I meant "pay", not "play" in my previous message) Posted in 2018 as requested by cozuya on Jan 30, 2014 [1] in a comment to HN post [2] > Thanks for traversing the bounds of space and time and posting this blog post from the year 2018 when IE8 is no longer supported for enterprise. Is IE still supported for enterprise? [1] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7152491 [2] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7152068 And VS Code, which is actually not a free software when downloaded from the official website if I understand things correctly. Here is the license: https://code.visualstudio.com/License/ And yes, VSCode from this website includes tracking. Though they clearly advertise this as "Free. Open source.". Which seems wrong to me. In my opinion, it's based on open source code at best. I was just replying to the last paragraph. I haven't said anything else and please be assured I'm not going to complain. I'm not attacking Microsoft and I'm not endorsing google. I actually agree with the rest of the parent's comment and with amp being bad. I do think selling anything as open source when it's not in a subtle way is shady and I won't comment on which is worse, I'm not in a position to compare. And VScode being an Electron app isn't relevant to me. I also won't comment on Microsoft buying github, I'm not a fortune teller. As far as I'm concerned, I chose not to host my stuff on github anyway from the begining, since the platform is not open source. I won't rely on any feature of gitlab that is not in the community edition for the same reasons. I which gitlab sold support and hosting instead of proprietary software. In French, some people say étasunien (or États-Unien, Étatsunien) to avoid saying américain. États-Unis d’Amérique meaning USA. https://fr.wiktionary.org/wiki/%C3%89tasunien This could happen with any online service people rely on. For maps and directions, at least at some places, decent offline solutions exist and not relying on availability of a third party service and a good internet connection is helpful (and is probably better for privacy). Doing this for enough services also might be a way to lower energy consumption (?) and mobile bills. To me, this feels like a clever ad for their products, where most people will feel good because they get perfect score if not colorblind and will want to read will being receptive. Usage of term "IQ" may further flatter ego and attract people to do the test. I admit enjoying doing the test. I think I would have liked something like "ah ah, you were wrong for these colors!". I'm still interested in a color perception test. No need for data connection, which can be (more) expensive and energy intensive. The phone can be in deep sleep, consuming nothing, and yet deliver texts in a timely manner. Sometimes in bad network conditions, texts work while calls and data fail. Some pitfalls are reliability and lack of encryption and usually requiring a phone (which almost requires running non free today in practice, and having an entity knowing your position at all time and exposition to electromagnetic waves) In France texts are usually unlimited in any offer, starting at 2€ "there is nothing better than being in or near water with a long stick attached to some kind of cord." Yoga or meditation could? (in a quiet area with water if you like) I guess this is difficult to totally order set of possible activities by their goodness. Activities each have their strengths. But I'm uncomfortable with qualifying an activity that involves purposefully hurting or killing living beings good. There must be better ways to spend one's life. Instead of catching fishes, start catching ideas! Write, paint or draw near a lake! :-) "Female education"? Isn't the problem concerning everyone? In the west we can try and stop producing plastic uselessly. Make people pay for disposable glasses everywhere, they will start bringing their own as they do for bags when shopping in sensible places. Stop producing useless packaging, make it forbidden for most things, make loose products the default and privileged way to buy and sell anything. Provide reusable stainless steel containers, glass bottles, solid fabric bags that last. Only produce things in plastic when it is absolutely necessary, things that are not thrown away after first and unique use. Use plastic to build solid items when the only alternative is to kill or make an animal suffer. When fabric, glass or metal cannot reasonably be used. Make buying used things convenient and the privileged way to acquire stuff. Recycling is costly and inefficient. The best waste is the one that is not produced. (I did not make this sentence myself.) And the most ecological phone is the one you already have (to cite fairphone) so phones should be designed to last very long and people should stop buy phones every two years. This is true for many things, not just phones. Also some items might not be worth to have that much. Do you really need a (smart)watch especially when you already have a phone, considering all the resources and pollution it takes to make one, and considering the watch itself becomes a waste within a few years? 25% of ocean pollution may come from a handful developing countries, but that may just mean they don't handle waste. That does not mean they produce much more of it. Developed country burn much of their waste. This is better but still absolutely terrible. The version in f-droid provides anything free, which the version in google play does not. This app is excellent. I'll probably donate. I would be totallly comfortable with doing this if they made their UI free, making osmand a completely free software. I which I could use it on a regular computer, or if a web service provided something similar to what we get with osmand, the experience of its offline search included. Next step would be mapillary providing a free app to contribute to their database or osmand providing a way to do it. Osmand on android provides this feature. You can also ask to avoid a specific road in the map. Correcting the spelling and always guessing what your query means... Well not so much. Swapping on SSDs is not ideal though, because of limited number of writes. Is it still relevant with SSDs produced now by the way? I can't really say since I don't use google maps so much but I expect search to be better than in osmand (while online). > I'd love to have branching history as well: so I have a tab and it has a linear history through which I can either go "forward" or "backward". Now, if I move backward in history, and click on a different link in that page, the history should branch at that point so that I won't loose the track of my previous "forward" pages when I click on a link in a previous page. Implemented in Netsurf, with a nice history tree with screenshots :-) I'd really like to see this in mainstream browsers. This feature list makes me think of Xpra. This uses X11, not wayland, though. https://xpra.org/ "Xpra is an open-source multi-platform persistent remote display server and client for forwarding applications and desktop screens. It gives you remote access to individual applications or full desktops. On X11, it is also known as screen for X11: it allows you to run programs, usually on a remote host, direct their display to your local machine, and then to disconnect from these programs and reconnect from the same or another machine, without losing any state. It can also be used to forward full desktops, from X11 servers, MS Windows, or Mac OS X. Xpra also allows forwarding of sound, clipboard and printing services. Sessions can be accessed over SSH, or password protected over plain TCP sockets with or without SSL. Xpra is usable over reasonably slow links and does its best to adapt to changing network bandwidth constraints." I'm in the EU and I don't see the nag screen. This might be the result of either uBlock Origin or I don't care about cookies. If people keep on telling what is wrong firmly, in factual, non-personal and non insulting ways, I cannot imagine why things would go wrong. Conflicts are needed and can be respectful. I'm just a random person on the Internet, but I would trust Linus Torvalds and his experience on allowing these changes. He is clever. From what I've heard from him, he is probably not quitting speaking up his disagreements as soon as possible in any way. And actually, from what I saw, most of his mails are actually kind, factual and respectful. Insult me, or someone else, or show some disrespect, I'll just leave / not come or get in your way because I can't stand it. Simple. Problem is, I'm sure there are competent people out there who's contributions are / would be valuable who are like me. There is no way around it. You can still tell me I am doing something (badly) wrong in an efficient way. You should not hide this fact to me if you feel like I should be made aware about it. Just don't take the time to write that I should be retroactively aborted (well, actually, I personally found this idea incredibly funny, but this is still unwarranted and harmful, especially when abortion is a sensitive subject for many people). edit: Hurting people's feelings is probably unavoidable, but effort can be make to limit it. In September 2018, Chrome now looks like Firefox 29-56 and Firefox now looks like Firefox 4-28 as far as tabs are concerned. I can't wait Firefox looking like Chrome 1-60 and then Firefox and Chrome looking like NetSurf and deciding that tabs under the address bar are better because of matters related to mouse / hand traveling distance, and then removing the address bar altogether, and then adding back the status bar, and then presenting tabs as a lottery wheel, before deciding that one window per page is more user friendly according to a new user A/B testing experiment, after all. And because of some unfortunate extension API breaking change, your preferred tab browsing plugin will not work for the first shiny new versions of these browsers like that. And then Edge (or whatever the current name of Internet Explorer at this time after a rebranding following a scandal related to some Cortana incident) catching up, and opening a new window each time a link is clicked in Firefox or Chrome to try and steal users (which will lead to some meaningless fine from the EU). :q! I like tabs on top, and this is even better now that hiding the native window title bar in Firefox works out of the box on GNU+Linux. Despite the humor in my previous message, I have actually liked most UI changes in Firefox since the beginning, except for a few things that can be reverted in seconds or that I don't really care so much about. The biggest thing being the removal of the search bar in the default configuration. I didn't really like the rounded tabs and now they are gone. My phone on Lineage OS 15 without Google stuff just works. There is nothing that does not work. It is flawless. Actually, it works better than an average Android phone, or than the same phone with stock system: - better battery life (it used ~ 2% battery during this very work day, with a few texts and one call) because it quite literally does nothing if I don't use it (granted, I use ForceDoze and that helps a lot). - It never shows any sign of slowness, is never laggy like I can witness on many phones around me (and I use Firefox Mobile, which is supposed to be slow from what I read). - I didn't have to disable any unwanted app. Well, except for EAP SIM Wifi authentication, which does not work on any custom ROM that I know of and flashing a custom ROM is indeed a stressful experience, especially the first time. Librem 5 will be pricey but seems like a good option when it is ready. On Osmand, saving one's home address, or any place for that matter, is easily done by clicking on the star button. One can categorize places if they want to. This is stored offline on the device. Charity makes sense in a capitalistic world, because some people get the "choice" of being poor in it. A worse system does not make another one better. With an indicator like "better / worse than X% web pages". I have been using self hosted email for two years, spam, I have received I did receive: - several spam emails by week until May on another domain I host (at info@ and contact@ , easy to filter out) - one spam last month at info@ , also easy to filter out. All of these spammy emails came from OVH IPs. It's interesting to see that I haven't received any spam to personalized email addresses I give to stuff that need an email for registration so far. edit: actually, I just received a spammy email at info@ . So weird. Not from OVH this time. People who switch mail providers: maybe use your own domain with the new provider, so you don't have to change your email address next time. I would be concerned about the privacy implication of it. Imagine if the browser sent the origin to widely used CDNs, or to Google Fonts, and that people didn't actually block Google domains on their browsers. Also, this would not be secure by default, because you would have to change the default behavior of the server to block cross origin requests. In 2018, you need a web browser to view the web. Plus uBlock Origin. Plus I don't care about cookies. A mere web browser respecting web standards to the letter would not suffice. To publishers: I'm not interested in you tracking me just for reading one text article from your website. Asking me is non-sense. Who the hell wants to customize their "tracking experience". I just want to access the content. I'm fine if you don't want me to read the article without your tracking stuff. Please block me. But don't ask me. This is creepy and this wastes everyone's time and bandwidth. Go to a street and ask people if they would like to be followed and if they would like to customize this experience. Hell no. I don't want to. Leave me alone. You may not care about me, but I'm sure I'm not alone. Many people are actually confused and afraid of these questions and run away. I've heard that from several people these last weeks. Time to switch to Firefox Mobile :-) Great extensions: - uBlock Origin - I don't care about cookies - Dark Background and Light Text (especially good with OLED screens but slows things down a bit and there is an annoying white flash on page load, probably because of the way Web Extensions work) I agree with you. Session cookies do not require consent but settings-related cookies do and this is a bit silly. But it got worse with GDPR (which I think is good, contrary to the previous law), and I don't care about cookies seems to take care of some of this mess. edit: but actually I don't set settings on random web pages, therefore they should not need my consent anyway. My consent could be asked the first time I set a setting, this would not be intrusive. So maybe the cookies law was not that bad either. This app is amazing. I find myself replying to texts with this quite often. It works well on wifi too :-) KDE is convenient for a lot of things. At least, handling of the desktop / wallpaper, the amazing command runner, the menu with its search bar that also supports running commands, the network, bluetooth, clipboard management, the task manager, the configuration center, the overall integration that pretty much stays here event without KDE's window manager (which is amazing too). I'm not speaking about KDE applications because they are usable outside of plasma, but I tend to like them too. So yes, if one day I found that an advanced tiling window manager is what I want, maybe I would keep the rest of the KDE environment. For what it's worth, krunner works well outside of plasma. I've found that the one of lxqt is quite nice too. I'm lost with runners from other desktop environments. No auto completion, no history or no calculator. I've found that clipboard is wiped on application exit in X11 when no clipboard manager is running. Annoying when this happens. KDE's one is Klipper, and I tend to set it such that it keeps and history or 50 items. Off topic: by the way, the absence of Copy paste using select+middle clic when using Wayland compositors is sadly the main thing that keeps me from using Wayland. Which is too bad, since my WQHD screen support in X is so so. I hope this gets fixed in a not to distant future, I rely on this feature. I think I encounter this behavior outside of big desktop managers, when using an openbox session for instance. For clipboard history, I understand that you don't want everything saved. I think most clipboard managers allow you to delete entries. (But you have to think about it) >> by the way, the absence of Copy paste using select+middle clic when using Wayland > It doesn't work as it is meant to, reliably with all the apps even with X11 with KDE5. I'm curious, in which situation it does not work correctly? Amazing, now we know why he has temporarily retired from kernel leadership and what he is really up to. Yes, I actually rely on mouse paste and Ctrl+V being independent clipboards (though usually clipboard managers offer to synchronize them, which I've never tried, so I can't say if it works flawlessly, and I can imagine glitches here). Edit: https://unix.stackexchange.com/questions/139191/whats-the-di... Correct rendering on Firefox, Chromium and Netsurf on Debian testing, wrong rendering on Firefox Mobile and the Browser app on Android. Most probably a font issue. Well, too bad, this means that as a customer, I'll probably have to pay for something I go out of my way to get rid of if I ever buy a new Android phone. I hope there will be some way to get a refund like when not accepting Windows licenses on computers. This is a good pun when speaking about an MP3 player. I really enjoyed reading this comment. I'm still smiling. Thanks. Now I can start working happy. carlmr, you issued a nice writing prompt. On Firefox you can use Dark Background and Light Text. Also works on Firefox Mobile, good results with a led screen. I see that Linus retiring from kernel development for a few days has indeed massive consequences. Also see https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=18281465 I block Google domains on my main browser profile, and JavaScript by default. I noticed if I encounter a recaptcha on a website, I just tend to abandon and seek information elsewhere. Last time I was presented with a recaptcha when setting a search filter on a website. No, thanks. This is too much of a pain to unblock everything and answer a recaptcha. I'll pass. When I do answer a recaptcha in despair, this is a pain to do. This page works correctly only with JavaScript disabled. I wish more websites were like that. And when Brise actually makes Gnome extremely beautiful for me. I find adwaita dull, as well as the tango icon set. Anyway, for consistency, I hope using the Brise theme and the corresponding icon set on gtk apps in KDE remains possible. Adwaita would probably not work really well on KDE apps. More generally, theming gtk apps is needed for nice integration in many non gnome environment. I get people who prefer not running desktop environments but I just like the convenience of using one. Every need I haven't anticipated is fulfilled. Integration of everything is here out of the box. I can tweak anything I would want to tweak but it turns out the default configuration usually pleases me. And it's fast and never gets in my way. Actually it's faster than no desktop environment: I have to use an USB key? Just plug it in, and it's mounted, I just need to click on the notification at the bottom right of the screen to open the file manager. I have a nice eject button to. No need to set this up myself or to launch mount commands. I can sill use commands if I want to. I would argue that outside of desktop environments, it's fast to do what I don't need to do in a desktop environment. I don't use a tiling window manager because my windows are always full screen anyway (or side by side), but I guess it would be possible to just run a tiling window manager instead of kwin in plasma or xfwm4 on xfce. (Gnome 3 may be different). The session is a bit slow to boot and that could be improved, but that's just a few seconds once in a while. I say all this knowing how to use a GNU/Linux system without a desktop environment perfectly well. Gnome came after (this was a good move, KDE was then based on non free software). I used gnome 2 and really liked it, i switched to kde before gnome 3 and now I just like KDE apps and Plasma more (and I regularly try gnome 3 out of curiosity). Imagine how much more wonderful KDE would be if gnome developers worked on KDE instead. I guess it's a matter of taste and personal experiences. I sure would appreciate that most of the work could be shared but the world is not perfect and the ability to explore and try different things in different ecosystems is valuable too. "You need to enable JavaScript to run this app." Depressing. What I want to be able to do with a phone: - calling - texting - taking pictures - occasionally recording sound - music - directions - occasionally, an alarm clock, a calendar and notes - web surfing is a nice to have and I use it now that I have it. - the ability to run a Debian Chroot and an X server is a nice to have. Lineage 15 (soon 16) with latest updates, without Google apps does that brilliantly well, and I get a solid 6 to 10 days of battery life. No emails (but k-9 mail works well if needed, and the webmail too), no chat. Chat would be possible (and I will probably want that in the future) with many applications like Signal, Riot, Conversations, maybe even WhatsApp (I haven't tested - not interested). Directions with OsmAnd gives me great offline functionality, allowing for a 2€/month phone plan. I get all notifications I want in a timely manner, which are texts and calls. No more. edit: Oh, and installing apps without the phone needing any email address. On iOS, I would not have such a freedom. Next step: a blob-free phone, or no phone at all. On Android, Termux lets you read and write texts using the Termux API, and set up an SSH server. Previous thread: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=18715008 Nice! Also applies to kate: kate filename:line CTRL+K (or CTRL+D to comment out), CTRL+S, quit (current tab: CTRL+W, Alt+Tab or app: CTRL+Q) Particularly useful when the output of the previous command (compilation for instance) already contains filename:line. Then double click, middle click paste works well. or: kate filename CTRL+G line , CTRL+K, CTRL+S, quit. ry_ry imagines a possible future for the kernel after Linus is gone. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=18281465 Funny and very well written. Edit: pasted a wrong link, fixed the context Seeing this feels a bit like when the end of production of floppy disks by Sony was announced in 2010. "Oh but they were still being produced?" You got me with your link. A nice seclusion room! I tried !ddg and !duck but it does not quite work. This Google search engine feels a bit strange and lacking. I hope they will catch up in this competitive market some day. I want to like it because it has a few nice features and I've tried it a few times but I always return to my good old regular search engine. I was joking, and I actually don't use bangs. I could have made the joke and not actually use Duck Duck Go. Though I use it so... not giving any data to Google is the killer feature for me. I like the idea that the results only depend on the keywords and not me. Instant results are quite nice too. I'd like not to indirectly depend on Microsoft though. Edit: and I'm not bound to Duck Duck Go. I'd be glad to use something else too. I think the interactivity you describe might be a different thing from what your parent is talking about. From what I understand, your parent talks about how the commands are built iteratively, with some kind of trial-error loop, which is a strength that is supposedly not emphasized enough. And I agree by the way. Nothing to do with how things are input. $ echo -e '0001\n0010\n0002\n0' | bc 1 10 2 0 If you are interested, I use a configuration for zsh that I see as "a shell with features like fish and a syntax like bash" In .zshrc: ZSH="$HOME/.oh-my-zsh" if [ ! -d "$ZSH" ]; then git clone --depth 1 git://github.com/robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh.git "$ZSH" fi DEFAULT_USER=jraph plugins=(zsh-autosuggestions) # add zsh-syntax-highlighting if not provided by the system source "$HOME/.oh-my-zsh/oh-my-zsh.sh" PROMPT="%B%{%F{green}%}[%*] %{%F{red}%}%n@%{%F{blue}%}%m%b %{%F{yellow}%}%~ %f%(!.#.$) " RPROMPT="[%{%F{yellow}%}%?%f]" EDITOR=nano if [ -f /usr/share/zsh-syntax-highlighting/zsh-syntax-highlighting.zsh ]; then source /usr/share/zsh-syntax-highlighting/zsh-syntax-highlighting.zsh # Debian elif [ -f /usr/share/zsh/plugins/zsh-syntax-highlighting/zsh-syntax-highlighting.zsh ]; then source /usr/share/zsh/plugins/zsh-syntax-highlighting/zsh-syntax-highlighting.zsh # Arch fi Relevant packages to install: git zsh zsh-syntax-highlighting Then: zsh WARNING: it downloads and executes Oh My Zsh automatically using git. You may want to review it before. If it suits you: chsh Works on macOS, Arch, Debian, Ubuntu, Fedora, Termux and probably in most places anyway. You may need this too: export TERM="xterm-256color" I feel that more succinct and quicker to write does not mean simpler. Fish tries to have a cleaner syntax and probably succeeds in doing so. It may even be an attempt to bring some change to the status quo that is the POSIX shell syntax. I didn't try to fish anyway, because I like to not have to think about translating when following some tutorial or procedure on the Web. Zsh just works for that, except in a few very specific situations (for a long time, you could not just copy paste lines from SSH warnings to remove known hosts, but this has been fixed recently by adding quotes). For posterity (I actually needed to install this today): You need to install zsh-autosuggestions by installing the package from your distribution (Debian, Arch) and source it, or just run: git clone https://github.com/zsh-users/zsh-autosuggestions ${ZSH_CUSTOM:-~/.oh-my-zsh/custom}/plugins/zsh-autosuggestions in zsh and do exec zsh. One might also want to use Firefox to resist against a Chrome monopoly. I do use Firefox for both reasons. The fact that I prefer it to Chrome also for convenience and practical reasons helps a lot of course. The F-Droid store on Android does that. If nothing is mentioned, the application does not track. For applications with tracking, a tracking anti-feature label is shown under the section "This app has features you may not like". Other labels exist, like "has non-free addons", or "the app contains non-free parts upstream". For an example of such a label: https://f-droid.org/fr/packages/org.mozilla.fennec_fdroid/ It makes me think that a catalog like OpenFoodFacts but for software with such anti-features listed could be an idea. "there is absolutely no way that anyone is going to have any faith in this currency" Termux does provide an additional row of keys that can be customized to add missing arrows and other keys easily. https://wiki.termux.com/wiki/Touch_Keyboard I found vim is actually the most convenient editor to use on Android to edit code without hardware keyboard compared to any editor that I found on f-droid. And I don't use vim on a regular computer. On Firefox, no plugin is needed for screen sharing. I wonder why one is needed in Chrome. If you hope it remains private or it gets forgotten, you should assume that it may go public / remain online forever. And archives exist for many pieces of public content. If you hope it stays forever, you should assume it may vanish in a few seconds. Yes it can, though it needs to be installed as a privileged app. So KDE Connect (with all features) joins NewPipe, AdAway and other amazing Android applications that are on F-Droid and not on Google Play. A selection of F-Droid apps: - AFWall+ (firewall, useful to block traffic to limit mobile data usage when I still need to enable it) - Amaze (File Manager) - AndIodine (Iodine client, use internet through wifi guarded by captive portals that still let DNS queries pass) - Barcode Scanner (scan QR and bar codes, share things through QR codes) - Clementine Remote (control the Clementine music player) - Draw (to write scores when playing games) - Easy xkcd, Simple Dilbert for comics - E numbers, OpenFoodFacts (to know what you eat) - Clip Stack, a Clipboard manager - DAVx⁵ (formerly DAVDroid), to synchronize contacts and calendars with a Nextcloud instance (or any CardDav / CalDav provider) - ForceDoze (to force the phone to really sleep when the screen is off) - Drowser (to kill chosen running apps when the screen goes off) - Document Viewer and PDF Viewer Plus to display PDFs. The former seems to segfault quite frequently but is nice when it works. - Fennec or Icecat (Firefox Mobile) - ForRunners (to keep track of running sessions, offline) - LogCat Reader (to show Android's debugging log) - LibreOffice Viewer (useful when people send office documents by mail) - K-9 Mail (Mail client) - Maps and OsmAnd (for Offline GPS), OpenVegeMap (helps finding places where to eat) - NextCloud (access files from a NextCloud instance, auto upload pictures) - OpenCamera, a nice application for taking pictures. Works better than Lineage's stock app on my phone. - oandbackup: backup data and applications. - QKSMS: a really nice SMS app that is able to synchronize with the default Android SMS app, which is important for me for backups - Riot.im (not using it at the moment though) - Red Moon, which I use to make the screen even darker (and it works well with an AMOLED screen). I don't actually use it to filter blue light. - SMS Backup +: to backup SMS and call logs to an IMAP account. I also copy files from /data/user_de/0/com.android.providers.telephony/ for that, which provide a perfect backup, MMSes included. - SatStat (to debug GPS, and show a compass) - Sky Map, to see the stars and constellations. - Sound Recorder - Termux: provides a GNU/Linux like environment, and a great terminal emulator which can be used with a real GNU/Linux distribution installed in a Chroot or from SSH. - UnicodePad (look for unicode characters / emojis) - VLC (a good music and video player) - 2048, Open Flood, PipePanic (games), DroidFish (chess) XServer XSDL is a good free X11 server for Android that is unfortunately not in F-Droid but now there is an X server in F-Droid (which seems to have less features). Etar looks like a good calendar app. I've come across Wi-Fi Reminders, which can be used to display notes when connecting to a particular Wi-Fi, which seems nice and useful. There are apps to avoid leaks when using Wi-Fi. And also notes / tasks apps that I don't use regularly. TrebleShot looks nice to exchange files between devices. [edit : added oandbackup] OsmAnd~, free on F-Droid, is the paid version OsmAnd+ on the Play Store with unlimited map downloads and probably other features. Which does not prevent from donating to OsmAnd. I didn't know Sky Map is a former Google app! Most apps on my list are probably on the Play Store indeed :-) You could type G, "oo" gets appended but selected so right arrow validates the suggestion, and continuing typing overwrites the suggestion and the second "o" is appended again if you type "o". Then "gle" is appended because it is more frequent but if you type "d" "gle" is replaced by "dread", with " read selected" Firefox does that in the address bar. My immediate question is: what are Microsoft interests of releasing an antivirus for macOS, let alone GNU/Linux? With Evince, you can right click on an image -> "save image as" in a PDF. It probably enables nice use cases but I hope it does not spread too much. Major features an email have: - it does not change (except for external resources, which are blocked by default anyway), - works offline, - can be read in ten years just fine. I want my mails to remain static and available and I don't think I'm okay with them running some uncontrolled code. I guess this is the reason: https://devblogs.microsoft.com/oldnewthing/20180515-00/?p=98... > Since its release in Windows XP, Zip folders has not been actively developed. The reason is the usual: Because adding features requires engineering resources, and engineering resources are limited. Furthermore, since the compression and decompression code weren’t written by anybody from Microsoft, there is no expertise in the code base, which means that debugging and making changes is a very difficult undertaking. Hasn't Red Hat been bought by IBM? "PureOS on the Samsung Galaxy Notes 7" (Yeah, with an "s" too many in "Notes") hncynic 1 minute ago How about an OS like this? I don't know if there is a market for this kind of thing for the iPhone, either.. hncynic 1 minute ago Why do they need to do this? They don't seem to have the time to make this happen, but they seem to have a strong sense of humiliation. I think this kind of thing could go on for a long time, as it's already done. hncynic 1 minute ago It's just a matter of time before someone can go to Samsung on the Galaxy Notes. They are amazing devices with a great interfaces and usability. Samsung is still a huge company and it is great that they can get a foothold in the market that people don't understand. They deserve to be seen as the premier product manufacturer, though with no hope of actually doing much with it anyway. They're also not going to change their brand or look like the best product manufacturer to date. it seems you confused commercial with non free software. Java may be a commercial product, but it is also free software and the FSF and Debian are happy with that. They do not reject commercial software quite the contrary. That said, your point still stands. From the article: > We will continue to allow minified, concatenated, or otherwise machine-generated code as long as the source code is included. If I understand correctly, Wasm will be allowed as long as the original source code is provided. This looks like etherpad https://etherpad.org/ Not plain text only but probably can be configured for that. No syntax highlighting. It's not, in my opinion. And if the piece of software is simple and dumb, I don't really see why it should not be open source neither. A concrete argument for this: Qualcomm recently released a patch for a vulnerability that makes it possible to access private data stored in the TrustZone of many of its SoCs: https://www.nccgroup.trust/us/our-research/private-key-extra... The patch needs to be provided by phone and tablet manufacturers. Except that many otherwise capable phones are not supported anymore and will not be fixed. Were the firmware of these devices open source, the community could fix this (given that the firmware does not have to be signed, or a signing key can be added). But no, many devices will remain forever vulnerable. Including my phone, 4G RAM, 32G internal storage, excellent battery and screen, great computing capabilities, in a excellent physical shape. Will probably last a few years more. Last updated on November 2017 by its manufacturer. Some parts will never be updated again and there is no way to audit this stuff. This is a shame. Edit: and I'm lucky my phone resembles an Android One phone, so some stuff can be taken from this phone to update mine. Maybe this would incentive Apple into supporting these formats. For vp9, it seems to me there isn't any good excuse for not supporting it. Right, and anyway, when you get some software, you should be able to fix/improve it yourself if you want to and need to, and redistribute the fix to other people who might be interested. You also should be able to study the software provided to you before running it if you want to. Most people don't want to actually do that, but could anyway benefit from the inspection and fixes coming from third parties. And when I buy some piece of hardware, I expect the manufacturer to fully support the device, as you said, when used the way it was intended to, but let me use it another way if I want to (which the reliance on closed binary blobs does not allow). Moreover, it's time we consider it mandatory that the user has access to the code running on their device. People are not dumb. More and more, people want to know where their food come from and how it is produced. The same transparency should be obvious for what the computer do and how it is built. If some things theoretically require the user not to see the code, maybe these things should not exist in the first place. "Oh, here is a product! But for your own good, you do not get to know how it works and what it does or does not do behind your back." This does not follow. It’s not like Apple can’t bear this cost. VP9 has existed since 2012, Android has supported the format since version 4.4 released in 2013. AV1 was then unheard of. Surely they weren’t working on it then. VP9 is still interesting today since there are many devices out there that decode it and will never decode AV1 with hardware. I think the reason is not technical. Apple has patents for MPEG formats, I think they wanted to push these formats instead. By not supporting VP8/VP9, they force(d) everyone to support their formats. Now, if I want to make a video call with someone with an Apple device, I'll probably need, if I live in a place where software patents apply, to pay a license to decode/encode an MPEG format where the royalty-free VP9 would have done the job. Worse, I probably indirectly pay these fees (anyway) when I buy devices with support for MPEG formats, even if I live at some place were software patents don't apply. > The day JS stops making ’1’ + 2 a string and throw an error Please, no. I'm bitten by this in Python every other day, with its otherwise weak typing. It feels like you can do many horrible things with types in Python, but no, you shall explicitly cast those numbers to strings. It is being more pedantic than Java by doing this. This never caught a real error in my code but it did make it needlessly fail at runtime because I did not put "str()". I know that the newer Python 3.x versions provide a nice bash-like way to embed expressions in strings and would let me avoid the problem entirely, but this would prevent my code to run in many places (and "Hello, I'm {}".format(age) is painful, hence the new feature by the way). Thank you for trying to save my back from unwanted implicit type casts, but provide me with static typing instead if you want to do so, and fail at compile time. If you want '1' + 2 to fail in JavaScript (You might want to, especially when keys of objects are coerced to strings in Javascript, which is actually crappy, and when you are constantly fetching numbers as strings from the web page), use TypeScript. It's amazing and provides a far better way of handling silly type errors. edit: and by the way, C++ is a bit surprising in this respect. "Hello" + 2 is equal to... "llo". For paying attention: have you tried to take notes (even if you throw them away afterwards, but you might as well keep them)? It may force you to focus. It may not work at all. It cannot hurt to try? I am seeing this trend of asking or indicating one's preferred pronoun more and more. I find asking people how they would like to be referred to as a really positive thing and I fail to see any downside for this trend. And since this is optional, nobody is forced to answer the question. I use both black on white and white on black. Usually, I find the latter enjoyable in the evening / night, but occasionally a bit depressing / oppressing during the day in my text editor. I guess it's also weird to have a bright room and a dark screen. But not in the terminal, where a black background always feels better for some reason. So, why use a white background? Because it may feel better, and it may have nothing to do with paper. Also, an objective reason: with black background in your text editor, it can be painful to switch to windows with a white background. If you try to set everything black background, you run into bugs: broken webpages, mails that set a white background anyway (bonus if they don't set the text color, or nothing is set but some words are highlighted or colored), documents, PDFs. I know because I tried. With support for dark themes in CSS it will probably improve but we are not there yet and you pretty much are in an unsupported territory. The question also work in the opposite way: why use a dark background? Same answer: preference. For ecological reasons? It depends on the screen, and it should be measured especially if you compensate by setting the screen brightness higher. Wow yeah. It seems that they did a good job of raising obeying children but the writer does not mention whether they taught their children to question their society and to rebel. Which I feel is utterly important. Such a way to raise children does not seem to leave much room to flexibility and creativity. Children should learn to adapt in a moving and not completely defined environment anyway. Also, are they able to cope with someone who sees things as (unspoken) agreements instead of (strict) rules? And I feel if parents can pay for their children's studies, this is an opportunity to take. Life is easy when you can! At the beggining of your life it's difficult to get good money, so you struggle, but at the time your children goes to college, you may have a good income. So instead of paying your studies, you pay for your children's and they will do the same for theirs. Same amounts, a lot easier. Life is not meant to be hard (Granted it works best with fewer children). (Maybe it is not meant at all anyway but this is another question) Anyway, it seems the children are doing well so if it works for them, great (we only have the point of view of the father - why "I" and not "we" in the title by the way?) This made me smile. What could possibly go wrong with a money rewarding GHG emissions? When you think about it, if successful, Bitcoin will indeed achieve its goal of freeing us from central banks: no human being will be available to operate them. Very clever! I don't know. I hate DRMs and so far I've successfully managed to avoid using EME. But I recently said good things about Firefox to someone, and noticed one day that they switched to it from Edge. It felt like a small victory. This person uses Netflix and Spotify. If Firefox didn't support EME, they would not have ditched Spotify and Netflix. They would probably have gone back to Edge, or installed Chrome and used EME from there. EME would not exist in my ideal world but in this case I'm kind of happy EME works in Firefox. Using Firefox over Edge or Chrome is a net gain. Maybe this person will evolve and start to refuse DRMs and/or seek free software (one can dream), but this is not today. Firefox acts like an entry point to this world. If the entry point is too rough, it will not be taken. One thing at a time. EME is a lost battle, but the war is not over. I feel like things would be easier if Firefox could be embeded in another browser just like chromium can. Let Google cripple their browser for themselves, and Mozilla provide the good and strong de facto browser engine. No. If you open the browser console and type `window`, you see: ChromeWindow chrome://browser/content/browser.xul Visiting this link is funny by the way. Does this complicate having a standalone Gecko though? Surely browser authors could write their own UI and embed Gecko inside without touching XUL. I guess Google could still be interested in being the default engine in Firefox even with ads and tracking blocked, since it would slow down alternatives from spreading. I would be more comfortable in Mozilla not being founded by Google though. And then: - 10 reasons why AWS costs so much. #7 is mind-boggling. - AWS costs considered harmful I love the tone of the article. Excerpt: > Tip: Don’t serve the prompt to disable DNT on the guide that shows the users how to disable DNT as the conversion rate ends up being rather poor. However, 4 unwarranted mentions of Brave (with affiliated links) and a big link to download Brave at the top of the article? Hell no, please download Firefox instead! (just had to counter-balance this big advertisement on the HN front page). edit: also, the original title is "How to Design for the Web in 2019" I was just countering what I see as an obvious unwarranted advertisement for Brave. I think it is our duty to counter such advertisements here on HN. As for the problems I see with Brave, though that was not my point: - their business model, based on Basic Attention Tokens: "Basic Attention Token radically improves the efficiency of digital advertising by creating a new token that can be exchanged between publishers, advertisers, and users.". Well, I don't want to improve the efficiency of digital advertising. Even the name is telling. I do not want to sell my attention. - they are based on Chromium. I don't want this browser engine monopoly, controlled by Google. It's funny you should mention yourself here the affiliated Amazon link you put at the end of the article :-) I wrote "they are based on Chromium. I don't want this browser engine monopoly, controlled by Google." Why would I use a fork of Brave? edit: From https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gab_(social_network) > Gab is an English-language social media website, launched publicly in 2017, known for its mainly far-right user base. The site has been described as "extremist friendly" or a "safe haven" for neo-Nazis, white supremacists, and the alt-right. The site allows its users to read and write multimedia messages of up to 3,000 characters, called "gabs". In financial filings, Gab stated that conservative, libertarian, nationalist and populist internet users were its target markets. > Gab promotes itself as a vehicle for "free speech", "individual liberty", and "the free flow of information online"; these claims of free speech have been criticized by scholars as "merely a shield behind which its alt-right users hide" and "an echo chamber for right-leaning content dissemination". Gab primarily attracts far-right and alt-right users who have been banned from other social networks. A majority of Gab's users are white, a majority are male, and a majority are conservative. Antisemitism is a prominent part of the site's content and the platform itself has engaged in antisemitic commentary. Well, not really interested (for context, Dissenter seems to be a browser built to integrate the Gab social network). Good points! Sorry if my comment felt a bit harsh. I am probably a bit overcautious in this thread. I hope they will pick Linux as the kernel and Plasma as the desktop environment in this full merger, and ls as the listing directory command. > Everything good about Chrome, without everything bad about Google. Except, of course, its use of the chromium engine, which is something I think we should fight against. So, basically, one of the biggest anti-features of Chrome from Google. Not to speak about Brave's business model, around basic attention tokens (my attention is not available, sorry). This is incompatible with privacy. Brave is an ad company! It may be in a nice phase where ads are opt in but it may not be like that forever. The obvious browser closest to Firefox including Tor is Tor browser, based on Firefox, provided by the Tor project itself. > being Eich’s new business venture doesn’t inspire any trust none what so ever. Why? I love these comments. See also https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=18281465 (context: "I really wonder what's going to happen to Linux once Linus is gone") We maybe should build a list of these. Dystopic answers to HN's unattended writting prompts, or something. Don't, especially because it's Chromium and because it's from an ad company. You probably can block Javascript using uBlock Origin (for convenience) on supported mobile browsers. Interesting, I hadn't thought of Google acquiring Opera! I was in a bus and one website I needed to access was blocked on the bus Wi-Fi (maybe a technical issue). I opened a SOCKS tunnel to a server, ran the desktop version of Firefox on my phone (that I had installed in a Debian chroot) and set it to use this SOCKS tunnel. This should get fixed. Have you reported this on bugs.kde.org? People are very friendly there. I've encountered the terms soft brick and hard brick, maybe the first one would be somewhat clearer? "Fenix MVP will not replace Fennec" (MVP meaning "Minimum Viable Product"). https://github.com/mozilla-mobile/fenix/issues/662#issuecomm... I'm sure Fennec users will not be migrated to Fenix until extensions are supported. This would be a big fuck up and Mozilla is aware of this. Linked bugs about the user agent seem irrelevant to this issue. Everything will be okay. You can sleep on both ears. I am reading this differently: it seems likely that Fenix supports extension before Firefox 68 goes EOL, but they don't want to make any announcement yet (maybe, because they don't really know what is going to happen). I agree with you however. We don't have any guarantee at this point. Please, Mozilla: don't EOL Fennec before supporting extensions on Fenix. This would be a huge mistake. Extensions are useful beyond adblocking. Chrome not supporting extensions on mobile is not a good reason to consider that Fenix would be good enough without support of extensions. Chrome is not good enough. If Fenix is not ready early enough, please consider releasing a version 69 of Fennec and then later versions until Fenix supports extensions. What good would going back to Chrome do to you? I bet your work computer runs Windows then :-) Watch out: > $22 for lunch + 10% sales tax Displays $32.00 instead of $24.20 or something. Other issues: it does not support units on the right nor euros (€). Nice anyway :-) Sure, but 25 + 10% = 27.5 for: - Soulver, according to the screenshots (and the goal of this project seems to match Soulver's behavior), - the calculator on my phone, - KRunner, the launcher in KDE, and KCalc, its calculator - gcalc, the Gnome calculator - qalc, that shows "25 * (110 * percent) = 27,5". - The TI-106 solar calculator that I happen to have [1]. Thinking about it, we are probably talking about some kind of "+ %" operator, where x + y % = x + x × y / 100. Interestingly, 10% = 0 for the TI-106 (but 25*10% = 2.5). % alone does not seem to mean anything for it. This little calculator will probably outlive me. [1] http://www.datamath.org/BASIC/LCD_Modern/TI-106_2.htm > GPL is unethical No. You think that GPL is unethical. It does not make it unethical. After thorough reading, your blog post did not convince me and here is why: > Proponents argue that the GPL has a long-term goal of making more software free for all, by limiting short-term freedoms of some, for the sake of encouraging the propagation of the GPL via software, like a virus. That’s why it’s called a viral license. This is a faulty comparison [1]. You do choose to use a code under GPL and make your code under GPL as a result. You don't choose to catch a virus. See also [2]. > they are using a system they fundamentally disagree with, in order to promote and propagate a new system, and they are doing this from within the new system, which they would replace the old system with from without if they could. What is your suggestion? They live in our world by its rules. How do you want them to achieve their goal? Also, what is wrong with doing this? > So the authors of software have rights, a fact which proponents of the GPL agree with. But they argue that the users of software have rights which should, in an ideal system, trump those of software authors. > This is a clear contradiction. In an ideal legal system, either the software authors should have the absolute right of licensing their software as they see fit, or the software users should have the absolute right of accessing and modifying the software regardless of the software author’s wishes and intent. Sorry, I don't understand the contradiction here. > Experience shows that most people see nothing wrong with the current system: let authors distribute their work with whatever licenses they want, and let the market decide whether an author’s requirements are reasonable enough to cooperate with. Great. If "experience shows", you must have a reference, right? Anyway, this is an argumentum ad populum [3]. "[it] is a fallacious argument that concludes that a proposition must be true because many or most people believe it" [which does not make it right]. Also, I don't want to "let the market decide". I want good behavior to be enforced, not some hazardous process that might end up producing a good behavior. The "market" is not necessarily right. There is no guarantee here. But I agree this is personal opinion. Anyway: choosing to use GPL is indeed a way to participate in this free market, if such a thing exists, and "let it decide". > Practical philosophical systems agree with this. When someone creates a work, they have the absolute right to do what they want with it, as long as they themselves do not break the law, and as long as the existence of the thing itself doesn’t violate the law either. Oh, there we seem to agree. So authors of GPL software do not want to see their code used in proprietary software. > Thus, the heart of the GPL goes against common sense, experience, and the just liberty of creators over their creations. It goes against your common sense, not mine. Talk about common sense now. > But that actually brings up an interesting point: the GPL actually limits people’s freedom. This is the point of the GPL. To prevent people from reusing the code without forwarding freedom to users. If you make a code that is proprietary, you are the one who is "actually" limiting freedom of other people. One person's freedom ends where another person's freedom begins. Freedom is nothing like an absolute graal. If you are pissed off because you can't reuse some interesting GPL code in your proprietary software or your permissively licensed software, well, you are free to not use it. Nobody forces you to do it. You are also free to (re)consider setting your program under GPL. It is your choice, and one of the goals of the GPL too. Thing is: there is no absolute truth. Some people think that the right way to write free software is to use permissive licenses. Some, to use copyleft. Some people think they should be free to produce proprietary software. Some people think that proprietary software is unethical and have given many solid arguments for that. Common sense on this question is apparently non existent (yet?). [1] https://www.logicallyfallacious.com/tools/lp/Bo/LogicalFalla... > Tip: Comparisons of any kind almost always are flawed. Think carefully before you accept any kind of comparison as evidence. [2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Argumentum_ad_populum [3] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Viral_license#Criticism_of_the... I'd love to see "An update on Google Assistant". So. It seems that without Javascript, regular documentation pages work, but there is a useless position:fixed progress bar at the top. https://beta.developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Docume... Search is broken: https://beta.developer.mozilla.org/en-US/search?q=DOMContent... The menu to navigate in the documentation works, and everything seems reachable from there. https://beta.developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Reference These links work okay on Netsurf. I'll report the useless progress bar when Javascript is disabled. Not so bad overall. Quite good, actually. OsmAnd does that :-) - works for people who block web fonts Coincidentally, as of this week, Plasma (KDE) adds a feature to see the QR code of a network "for easy sharing with others" - https://pointieststick.com/2019/07/21/kde-usability-producti... - https://phabricator.kde.org/D22457 Also, I really like KDE clipboard's manager feature that turns what you copied into a QR code, making it easy to pass data from the computer to a phone. KDE Connect goes further by allowing sharing the clipboard between a phone and a computer but: - at times, KDE connect is unavailable without tweaking because you are on a WiFi connection that does not allow communication between devices - you might not want to share the clipboard between the computer and the phone for privacy reasons - you may want to share something to somebody else's phone Yeah, hopefully Plasma Mobile, UBPorts, PureOS or some other project catches up before the proprietary parts of Android eats AOSP too much. Anyway, I'm looking forward this in any case. Some people sending plain text mails also wrap them manually. If my window is small (maybe because I am using a small screen), the text is painful to read. And a non manually wrapped plain text is not wrapped at all in some cases. By all means, send me plain text mails, it will be lighter for my self-hosted inbox, but don't wrap them manually. If you are going to abuse /this/ kind of `formatting`, however, you are making your mail harder to read for me. These are tags anyway, just not HTML tags. I'd prefer you use the real formatting that is correctly handled in most cases, but I will adapt. > There are two main types of emails on the internet: plaintext and HTML. The former is strongly preferred You will need to back this up because this is not what I observe. My email client takes care of my privacy and my security, and you can use it too if you are concerned, it's a cross platform maintained free software. It's okay. My problems with HTML emails is colors: if you want to use something like a night mode, you will see emails with hard coded white background and black texts, or worse, only black texts. You may be able to ignore colors but people will assume you can see them. Maybe an extension like dark background on light texts when using a browser for reading emails who do the trick, but I don't. I like big characters. I can be far from my screen to read, use a low brightness and never have tired eyes. I just checked on my phone some random opened web page: with my settings (which are far from the default - I raise the DPI setting and the font size so I have small UI elements but big texts), it displays 45 characters per line on portrait mode. Actually the font size is a bit too high, but I don't really care as far as most web pages are readable. I'm fine with scrolling the occasional big HTML table, and will change the settings if this becomes annoying. So, yes, sometimes, my screen displays less than 80 characters and is perfectly usable. And this fact is not really of my correspondent's business, whether they choose to manually wrap at 80 characters, 72 characters, 42 characters or some other arbitrary number of characters. Actually, nobody knows that apart from people who read this comment. I display text as I see fit (and this is totally an intended pun). This will wrap badly on many phones in portrait mode. The only hard wrapping that will probably not break anyone's workflow for sure is 1. No, abvr, RMS never wanted anyone to name the Linux kernel GNU/Linux. He wants people to call GNU/Linux a system composed of components from GNU and the Linux kernel. He considers the GNU part essential. He also wants that so people hear about GNU and free software, because, well, that's the whole point of his work. Whether it is a good strategy or whether you don't find it convenient is irrelevant. If you use any project, it is fair that their author expect due credit. I do say Linux instead of GNU/Linux, but it does not make it right. I do speak about Free software though. And I will certainly not argue against one of the author of GNU/Linux on how he wants people to name the project. You can give your opinion, but show some humility and respect. What you write as truths are in fact just your opinion, to which I happen to not agree with. Windows is not comparable to the Linux kernel, the Windows NT kernel is, and your system is full of GNU, whether you like it or not. Starting from the libc, the bootloader and many other important component. Nobody argues about how which or which part of your system is essential or not. Everything is useful and needed. That is just not the point. And Linus is not above RMS, and RMS is not above Linus. No authority is involved. I did not know that, and I did not know r/copypasta. This is from October 2017 or earlier. I have been successfully trolled. Thanks for the heads up. https://www.reddit.com/r/copypasta/comments/7lt7i0/no_richar... https://pastebin.com/hjagCZpK You should not rely on No-Name vulnerabilities. Their reliability is unknown. Only rely on recognized, well-known, properly branded vulnerabilities like Spectre, Meltdown, Shellshock and Heartbleed. No. As far as I know, there are always proprietary blobs. That said, he Fair Phone 2 officially supports degooglized Android Pie (Lineage). From an environmental perspective, it makes sense to keep your current phone as long as possible. I'd love to get rid of this thing full of proprietary stuff though. I upvoted you, there is nothing wrong in asking. "Hey Siri, can you stop Apple from listening to my Siri recordings?" "Hey Siri!… Siri?!" P.S. If someone out there has an Apple device, I'm interested in knowing what the actual response to this request is. Thanks! Alternative way to access the content: 1) curl -s http://c2.com/wiki/remodel/pages/WhatIsNull | jq -r .text or: 2) Go to http://c2.com/wiki/remodel/pages/WhatIsNull In the web console : document.body.textContent = JSON.parse(document.body.textContent).text document.body.style.whiteSpace = "pre-wrap" --- I hope one day we will have some kind of standardized markup language that allows presenting text in a browser in a plug and play way… text/plain for the most basic stuff would do, and we could add some kind of tags to have stuff like italic / bold parts and titles, and links, too. This reminds me of a comment from StavrosK 4 months ago: "I will never stoop so low as to telegraph my own joke." https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=19508172 (funny discussion by the way - that was when Cisco "fixed" a vulnerability by blocking curl's user agent). The second looks like an option type (and the first, a nullable type), are these the names you are after? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Option_type You mean you want to run arbitrary code on a user's computer behind their back? Sounds terrible. Forming the committee does not need script validation. What browser would go to great lengths to implement such a sandbox to run a code which the user does not care about and for which they have no use anyway? People put "no ads" signs on their mail boxes. Do you really think they'd see such a thing as a feature ? Crazy stuff, no browser on their right mind would shoot themselves such a bullet in the foot. People would immediately turn to the competition, should such a thing happen. What next? Document viewers weighting several megabytes? Containing a full-fledged garbage collector ? I'd say let's keep things simple. People like simplicity, and stuff that works and that does not freeze or crash every other hour. Android is far ahead… as long as you only use AOSP or Lineage, avoid Google Apps and install apps from F-Droid and not from the Play Store. This is totally sane. I don't ever want my browser to contact Facebook and Twitter when I'm visiting unrelated websites. This was bullshit from day one. Please do continue! edit: I hope that this will also hold for Google with reCAPTCHA and Analytics. I'd bet it falls under fair use: https://www.inta.org/TrademarkBasics/FactSheets/Pages/Fair-U... By the way, this website does exactly that. Sure. The Android people are talking about exists so Google can control everyone's life. I would not trust it to protect my privacy. Well, I hope that at least some websites will opt for using an image they host themselves instead of adding this formality. This has to hurt user experience, no? On the other hand, I guess this is only one more checkbox to tick among the checkboxes we already have to tick. I've experienced that in the past, without using tor, but using Firefox. I go to great lengths to block anything Google. Google Fonts, Google CDNs (and I now use Decentraleyes so CDNs are mostly not even reached). I have to explicitly unblock reCAPTCHA scripts for it to even work - or use a clean and disposable browser profile. I've occasionally seen the behavior on the video when I really need to access the page (though usually I just complain to the webmaster). I once had to request a new password for my online bank account. I ended up asking the bank manager to reset my password, pretending that reCAPTCHA is preventing me from resetting the password myself. My bank is not paying me for solving captchas for Google's benefit (this is so screwed up…). The biggest offender is CloudFlare for me. It's between 500 (excl.) and 600 (incl.) as of last week. I saw the down arrows appear. A number towards which this comment does not help you to go, apparently. I feel like it would be useful to add "(using WSL)" to the title. I admit I would not have opened the link though, had the title spoiled this part of the story, and the article is funny to read. > Running Wine on Windows has been a fever dream of those responding to the siren call of "we do what we must, because we shouldn't" since at least 2004, when someone tried compiling Wine in Cygwin and trashed the registry of the host system. […] > But I want to stress again: this now works trivially. I'm not some sort of mad genius to have done this thing — I only appear to be the first person to admit to it in public. I had a laugh reading this. > Readers should note that, in many jurisdictions, use of Sci-Hub may constitute copyright infringement. Users of Sci-Hub do so at their own risk. This study is not an endorsement of using Sci-Hub, and its authors and publishers accept no responsibility on behalf of readers. There is a possibility that Sci-Hub users — especially those not using privacy-enhancing services such as Tor — could have their usage history unmasked and face legal or reputational consequences. > Sci-Hub is currently served at domains including https://sci-hub.hk , https://sci-hub.la , https://sci-hub.mn , https://sci-hub.name , https://sci-hub.tv , and https://sci-hub.tw , as well as at scihub22266oqcxt.onion "We are not telling you to use Sci-Hub, but you can use Tor and here are some addresses where you can find it." > Here we report that, as of March 2017, Sci-Hub’s database contains 68.9% of the 81.6 million scholarly articles registered with Crossref and 85.1% of articles published in toll access journals. For toll access articles, we find that Sci-Hub provides greater coverage than the University of Pennsylvania, a major research university in the United States. "See, Sci-Hub works that well" :-) Managing to have this hosted on a .gov website seems noteworthy. At this point, this article is a masterpiece. Thanks for the joke praptak. Well, you are right but I expected to find an article speaking about Wine running on native Windows without WSL, which would make it interesting in another way. I would not expect Wine not to run on WSL. What I learned from the article though is that WSL1 does not run 32 bit binaries (and that someone botched their registry trying to run Wine on Windows back in 2004, which I found funny). I use Plasma 5 everyday, and it is nowhere as fast as Xfce. And this is telling for Xfce, because Plasma 5 is pretty fast (once started). I'd say Plasma 5 is pretty fast. Xfce is instant. Xfce 4 is kind of timeless. I could use Xfce 4.14 today, and then go back in time to 2005 and use Xfce 4.2 on my Pentium 2 (333 Mhz) laptop with 96 MiB of RAM and it would still feel very familiar and look quite the same. Actually, this is the opposite for me: current versions of Xfce still feel familiar to me. No such thing can be said of KDE and Gnome. Even of Gnome 2 between the different versions. “What is this Xorg stuff you are talking about already? Is it like Wayland? Oh you could run windows through the network? Nice! Wait, apps had to connect to a socket to draw stuff? So weird. Wasn't it inefficient as hell to send whole full screen windows at 100 Hz using this? Oh you could bypass this to have… what you call it again? “Direct rendering”? Sounds like a horrible hack.” I would not recommend Xfce to a newcomer, though I know some people who started using Linux with it and kept it. I think I would recommend Cinnamon (I don't like it personally but people seem to like it) or Unity (especially since they came back to Gnome. This desktop looks nice and easy to use). I like Plasma 5, I find it's the best general purpose desktop environment across all the major OSes, but somehow non-technical people don't seem to like it so much. All these observations are anecdotal and should be taken with a grain of salt. I didn't conduct a study and the number of people is low. There is a ongoing effort in the KDE community to improve usability and usability and they are doing a great job. I recommend reading https://pointieststick.com/ I would like person-in-the-middle attack, but unfortunately PITM would not be recognized as well as MITM. And in fact, it seems that we shouldn't really care so much that a person is in the middle, so we might be better off saying "in-the-middle attack" (ITM) anyway. Today, "man-in-the-middle" sounds familiar but I wonder if in a few decades, saying "man" instead of "person" or "human" will bear more meaning than today, and if expressions like this will sound needlessly confusing and off-topic, like, "How being a man specifically is any relevant? Is there something special to men, relevant to the attack? Why should we care?" (though people would probably understand the history aspect of it; this would still require extra effort). Languages has been evolving and there is nothing special about MITM that would make this particular expression immutable. We already got gender neutral pronouns in English, for which we are seeing a wide adoption now, and new pronouns feel like a pretty big change, much bigger than an evolution of the MITM expression. It depends on the point of view and the situation. If you are a free software developer reverse-engineering a graphics driver, you sure want to be able to intercept the traffic between the graphics card and the CPU (I don't do driver development so I might be completely off, but I hope you get the point anyway). However, if you are having a conversation with a secret source, you want this freedom to not be intercepted. > "Man in the middle" is not only an established concept it also is self-explanatory. Being comprehensible and established does not make it "good" (sure, this is a relative notion). I get your point of view about calling the interceptors "monster", but we are calling the whole process an "attack", this could already be considered a judgment call with this reasoning. Monster are not necessarily evil though. A myth that Monsters, Inc is actively trying to debunk :-) > All this quixotism towards grammar and language is very stupid and pointless. Many non-ignorant people think differently, so you need to argue here. Saying they are doing a stupid and pointless thing will not convince them. If the expression spreads, search engines will start showing relevant results. If it does not spread, then we are facing a non-issue. I was thinking about singular they and its derivatives: their, theirs, them. Plural they is also gender-neutral, but its usage is not new nor controversial. Defending the use of gender-neutral pronouns was not my point, but since you ask what purpose they would serve, here are some reasons I can think of (and this answer is not limited to English): - to avoid having to specify or think about the gender(s) of the referred person(s), which may be unknown or irrelevant to the subject (to illustrate what I am saying: for instance, if a scientist found something, I don't really care whether they have blue eyes, or breasts, or testicles, or red hair, right, and if I cared, it would still be irrelevant to the discovery in most cases - not always, though: https://www.nature.com/news/male-researchers-stress-out-rode... ). - some people who prefer to be referred to using they (I know some personally, and there was a submission on HN whose author wants that we use they to refer to… them). We therefore should use "they" for them. - some people do not see themselves as neither male nor female, so a gender-neutral pronoun is convenient for them, and for other people to speak about them. I was also going to speak about the descriptive and prescriptive approaches to languages, and then dropped my paragraphs because it was not clear to me whether OP acknowledged that singular they was a thing in English. I decided to consider that they effectively acknowledged singular they. By taking a prescriptive approach (telling how people should speak English), maybe singular they can be deemed invalid in English… depending on who is prescribing the usage. But people taking a prescriptive approach do not agree between each others, and even if they did, they would never represent the wide, heterogeneous set of English-speaking people. Case in point: they do not agree here, but the usage of singular they seems to be more and more recognized / recommended [1]. A descriptive approach will acknowledge a widespread use of anything, regardless of the reasons why things are used. About politics and languages. Politics are constantly shaping the language. This is not new. It's part of the natural evolution of languages. Politics are not inherently bad neither. We don't have slaves anymore in most countries, thanks to "politics". Actually, I find politics is actually too vague a word, and some people seem to invoke it as a bad thing, saying that we should focus on technical matters when their view opposes the view of people seeing something belonging to the status quo as an issue (which is a political stance in itself… and considering that technical matters and politics are opposed too, ironically). You can't really reject an idea "because politics". You may either argue, or disagree respectfully, but there is no such thing as avoiding politics and remaining technical. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Singular_they#Acceptability_an... Well, yes, I'm still using Xorg too :-) Middle click paste is not yet supported in KDE with Wayland [1], and it seems that KDE and Wayland don't like suspend / resume on my machine, and recently (after a bios update ?), adding a screen have made the system crash. Besides, as far as I know, it is not possible to run Wayland apps on Android (yet, but it seems that it is a hard problem [2]). [1] https://bugs.kde.org/show_bug.cgi?id=373907 [2] http://www.jlekstrand.net/jason/projects/wayland/wayland-and... If you are making the point that we'd better address cancer or traffic accidents, then your argument falls under the false dichotomy fallacy. This is probably why you've been downvoted. If your were not making this point, then I don't have the answer. :-) I've grown accustomed to singular they, and I've actually joined a group of people for a week and using singular they was pretty common, and felt way more natural than what I expected. I guess this is a question of habit. Grammar is fine, and singular they would not be the only singular pronoun using the forms "are" and "were" for verb "to be": "you" also does. Though you are far from being alone to dislike it. You might be interested by RMS's take on this: https://stallman.org/articles/genderless-pronouns.html tl;dr: he argues that singular they feels wrong to him, and argues in favor of a gender neutral pronoun "pers", derived from "person". I like the idea, though I haven't seen it used anywhere and would not easily use it. I'm not in an English-speaking place, so I can't say how often it is spoken and for how long it has been, but I see it everywhere on HN and in other parts of the web. It seems that it is more accepted in GB than in the US [1] : “Garner's Modern American Usage (2nd ed., 2003) recommends cautious use of singular they, and avoidance where possible because its use is stigmatized. [...] Garner suggests that use of singular they is more acceptable in British English [...] and apparently regrets the resistance by the American language community: "That it sets many literate Americans' teeth on edge is an unfortunate obstacle to what promises to be the ultimate solution to the problem.” Singular they seems prescribed in the US too, by The Chicago Manual of Style at least since 1993 for instance [1], and proscribed by others. There are many possible reasons people would use singular they, I'm not sure we can put them in an homogeneous political group. It seems generic he is losing acceptance, to the point I wouldn't comfortably use it [2]. It probably depends on the place though. I would kindly invite you to reconsider using singular they instead of generic he, but this sure is controversial and I'm no one to tell anybody how to speak, and I would not want to neither. And when something about the language feels weird… well, it just feels weird. Languages are very personal and intimate. I personally tend to rephrase sentences to avoid they, but use it when doing so is too inconvenient. Thanks for the interesting discussion :-) [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Singular_they#Acceptability_an... (already cited in another comment of mine) [2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Singular_they#Prescription_of_... (I know, always the same link ;-)) I wonder if part of the answer is different habits with respect to perfumes, soaps, and also in how homes are furnished, decorated, maintained and what products are used (cleaning, detergent). And smoking, too. I could tell a friend had just left their home from the odor when they lived at a particular place¹, and sometimes, I can tell if some item of clothing has been left at some place (not that I'm special at that). The odor the author of the article could smell at her place after renting it for a month could have been a (mix of) perfume(s) their guests used. Obviously, people have their own odor on top of (or under, more accurately?) that. ¹ in a forest ­-- no, I'm joking. How did you notice you were seeing smells (and not everybody is)? Do noises prevent you from fully tasting food? (sorry if these questions are boring to you) I asked this question in my previous comment because I've read about people having synesthesia discovering quite late that no, to most people, smells or figures don't have any specific color or character (depending on the involved senses), during a conversation in which they take for granted that their interlocutor experiences it too. My father himself kind of realized that contrary to many people, he sees months of the year as a ring, when I spoke about synesthesia, and said that some people having synesthesia may see numbers or years in a specific shape, that does not change across their whole life (and, indeed, he confirmed this point about him). I also have some representation for numbers and for the days of the week, but it would not be 3D, more like 2D, and kind of dynamic, too: the view is relative to the “focused” number / day. Same thing as you, the representations are different for numbers, days of the week and months. The days are horizontal, and months too. Numbers, not so much. Kind of horizontal up to ten, and then vertical up to twenty, and then I would not know how to describe it. There is a kind of break for each tens up to one hundred, with numbers being mostly horizontal but not quiet, and each teen somewhat higher than the previous one. Negatives have the exact same place as there opposite. Days of the months are the same as numbers. Anyway, describing this is kind of pointless. This representation does not feel very precise. These representations are the same since as far as I can remember. I know that some people I discussed with don't think they have such a representation for numbers or dates. It seems to correspond to the description given in [1]. I think it may have an impact on my memory, at least for dates (but nothing extraordinary). It's usually easy to remember meetings and events in the year, because they somewhat appear in the representation, I don't really need a calendar if there are not too much things scheduled (but I note in a log, just in case, and it's not completely reliable too). You might have calendar synesthesia [2,3], and maybe me too, but maybe weaker than yours or my father's. And yeah, it's not something we really see, its a representation that automatically comes into the mind without us trying to at all. Right? Maybe many people actually have some form of synesthesia. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Synesthesia#Number_form [2] https://www.thecut.com/2016/11/the-form-of-synesthesia-where... [3] https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Synesth%C3%A9sie#Synesth%C3%A9... Translation of [3]: > Like “numerical synesthesia”, spatio-temporal synesthesia is a mental map of the days of the week and/or months of the year. People having this kind of synesthesia state that they can “see the time” as a ribbon, a ring or a circle for instance. According to some studies, these people would have particular synaptic connections in their brain, allowing them to live time like a spatial construction. > Like all the forms of synesthesia, “spatio-temporal” also shows a permanent feature: tested months later, someone having synesthesia will report the same experiences they had previously reported. > for me it's very much a "mind's eye" thing, not like an image projected into my visual field Same for me. > In article 2, the researchers are said to have asked their subject to recite every third month going backwards, apparently to test that it's not just a mind's eye visualization I would be terrible at this task. I don't see the whole year (week) at once. This representation would not be of any help for that. It's here when I am scheduling / planning, or when someone is saying / I'm reading a date. Maybe some/many would use more if they weren't capped? > Take all the money spent on ineffective things like paper recycling and disallowing plastic bags, and put it towards the technologies that can really help, like cheaper solar power, cheaper wind power, cheaper batteries, and carbon sequestration. Isn't this a false dichotomy? Yeah I'm fed up with unwarranted mentions of Brave. Indeed they are always "aggressive, misleading, promotional", and nothing close to informational. The article was supposed to be about Apple and Webkit, and Brave is just off-topic. Brave is not a privacy-focused browser. It is an ad-focused browser and the business model of Brave is just this: ads, through Basic Attention Tokens. Privacy and BATs are in conflict and Brave will never be incentivized to respect the privacy of all its users. If you want privacy for you and for everyone, competition except Chrome is already better. Brave is not a solution for a browser user's problem. Good illustration of TIL by the way. "TIL Today I Learned" I used a variety of GNU/Linux distros: Ubuntu, Debian, and Arch, Slackware, Frugalware, Fedora and more recently openSUSE Tumbleweed. Honestly, I don't understand what makes Arch so special. I have mostly learned things on Ubuntu and I can use Arch just fine, and I think I have a decent understanding how things work. Really, I think there is nothing fundamentally different across these distributions technically speaking. Their biggest differences lie in their package and release management and policies (and, agreed, this is huge). I'm not sure what skill you would learn on Arch and not on Ubuntu. It seems some vocal Arch users are lying to themselves and to the rest of the world about this. Gentoo (or LFS) might probably be more educational, but I haven't used Gentoo enough, and haven't tried LFS enough to say. (Kudos for Arch's documentation though, useful even when using another distro) I think that it would have been even funnier to say that 99% of developers and 99% of drivers are better than the median, but I only figured this thanks to your parent's comment. A software update notice cannot be considered as an ad, can it? Yes, sorry, I meant compared to. Interesting video of Linus Torvalds' stance on the GPLv3: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PaKIZ7gJlRU (edit: this is actually cited in a comment on the linked page, but I'm leaving the link here so HNer who won't visit Stack Exchange may find it) One day, my grand parents told me a secret to access Medium without hassle. I can't tell you in details since it's a secret but it really works, believe me. It's incredible. It has something to do with herbs, mindfulness and blocking JavaScript. Medium is so great when you do that. On Android, IceCat Mobile blocks non free JavaScript and on Medium, it's a feature beyond the expectations. I would call this graceful enhancement, or progressive degradation. You start with a sane and nice baseline, and then add crap to that for supported browsers and configurations. Someone using a rust implementation of telnet listening to port 25 to answer incoming requests. If I understood correctly, you may be able to do that using pexpect and the interact method. import struct, fcntl, termios, signal, sys def sigwinch_passthrough (sig, data): s = struct.pack("HHHH", 0, 0, 0, 0) a = struct.unpack('hhhh', fcntl.ioctl(sys.stdout.fileno(), termios.TIOCGWINSZ , s)) if not child.closed: child.setwinsize(a[0],a[1]) child = pexpect.spawnu("sh", args, encoding='utf-8', logfile=sys.stdout) signal.signal(signal.SIGWINCH, sigwinch_passthrough) child.expect_exact("...") child.logfile = None # Otherwise, interact raises an Exception child.send("...\n") child.interact() My first thought seeing this title: "Why, no. Next!" My second thought: the voice of Linus Torvalds at DebConf 14 saying "Hum… No! Hum… that was quick." [1] Though this is only speaking about a recursively defined regular expression language which is infinite, which strictly handles regular languages, as defined in computer science lessons in university. And then, "Why not just try and see if it breaks the provided regex parser since you have one?", and it's actually one of the answers in the link… awesome. I wonder it is has security implications though (are forged regexes exploiting flawed regex parsers a thing?) [1] https://youtu.be/5PmHRSeA2c8?t=110 It seems he is using a Thinkpad T400s computer with Libreboot [1] endorsed by the FSF. [1] https://stallman.org/stallman-computing.html Don't hope. Don't guess. Use apps from F-Droid. There is still a risk at the app level but it is much lower. On iOS, there is no such thing so you can't do that. At the phone level, there are still opaque binary blobs, so don't trust blindly. I also propose a semantic HTML tag, which would behave like , to represent parts of a document that are an ad. With an optional do-not-block attribute. Making people pay for security would be bad. A solution to this is having an upstream kernel (like mainline Linux) work on the phone, and having fairly standard hardware in the phone with in-kernel drivers and free / standard libraries instead of these shitty blobs we need on current phones, and crappy unmaintainable Linux forks. Android 9 works on my nine year old airis kira slimpad x86 tablet sold with Windows 7. It runs a standard Xubuntu though. And yes, the latest Ubuntu with latest security patches. I don't rely on the manufacturer. It just works with standard software. Have the OS builders and hardware device makers maintain each part for you. This is not the world we live in though. In our world, Qualcomm and Samsung make their messy Linux forks and don't seem to maintain their Shit on a Chip. The Librem 5 is promising on this matter though. Oh, yeah, absolutely. I can see a corporation / organization pay for Windows XP security updates. Regular people, not so much. The first one does not work great in a terminal. The words are readable but I don't get the full experience. The second one, pretty good. That's what the LaTeX It! Thunderbird add-on [1] does I think. Good extension by the way. Not sure it will work with Thunderbird 68, I didn't check. [1] https://addons.thunderbird.net/en-US/thunderbird/addon/latex... I don't want to parse Markdown when I read emails. (and I don't have common sense either) Email clients block remote images by default. If an email client does not, it's a bug. I don't get why plain text would be more accessible than a well-formed HTML email. A screen reader could say "this is a title", "this is a list item". In plain text, what do you get? "dash bla bla"? Though I hope screen reader are more intelligent than that, but it seems like a more complex problem than just using information given by a well-formed HTML text. When two bad names collide in funny ways, creating a "No, this cannot possibly be true" moment. "When you have eliminated the JavaScript, whatever remains must be an empty page." Ah ah! Quite incredibly and sadly spot on. Ah, I referred to the third line, "𝔻𝕠𝕖𝕤 𝕥𝕙𝕚𝕤 𝕨𝕠𝕣𝕜? ", as the "second one" in my message, without mention for line 2, which renders correctly, fortunately. But thanks for the heads up. Firefox Mobile renders it well for me, are you sure that the comment is not rendered as it should be (with garbage from line 1 overflowing over line 2)? No, Google Maps is actually a case where JavaScript makes sense. But this message reminded me of many seemingly static pages that are actually blank if you don't enable JavaScript, without even any hint that you should enable JavaScript. Reader mode often works perfectly on these pages. Sometimes, blocking the white element hiding the content of the page works well too. I don't hate JavaScript, I have actually developed several web applications using it, and like it. I'm using uBlock Origin with JavaScript blocked by default. But your message is what I get on the Google Earth link, even with JavaScript enabled. Ah ah, no need to go to the extra length of sharing your Wi-Fi for that, your friends' phones already know where they are by scanning nearby WiFi access points, cellular towers and using GPS. I think it is correct, as surprising as it can be. See this famous stack overflow answer for instance: https://stackoverflow.com/a/1732454 It's supported on Google Maps and not on Google Earth in the current version. Yes but these modules are built from the exact same code version as the kernel being used. No dependency hell. But maybe such a solution could work with a micro-kernel architecture too. It seems that a micro-kernel and its components could also be gathered in a same code base. You would get the kind of changelog the first commenter of this thread mentioned though. It seems we are speaking of two different things here: code management and kernel architecture. It seems to me the FSF is this organization, GNU being related to the actual code. Hey, that looks like my websites! Ah ah, more seriously, this is a great template to copy paste so just a heads up: don't forget before . For this you may use microG. I have it installed for geolocation using Wi-Fi and cellular antennas but never tried to enable the notification service. I would actually be interested in being able to choose the server used for this service, and would enable it without hesitation if I could use my own server for instance. Would "fits twice in a modern web page" be a better description? I would probably use an SQL-like database with a submissions table (id, title, url, sender, date, points), a users table (id, name) and a comments table (id, author, date, parent, submission, color, content). If you prefer using maps, for each table (map), use id as the key and the rest of the fields as the fields for a structure used as the value for each entry (using a C struct, or a Python tuple, named tuple or dataclass, assuming these languages). You may want to use the id field from the HN URLs. You could drop the submission field for the comments. Edit: You also need to decide how to handle edited, deleted and flagged comments, and dupe and flagged submissions. I don't use a Red Hat distribution, but I am pretty happy that their technology is used on the distributions I use. Maybe they are optimizing things for their own use cases, but they definitely work for me. And this presentation on this new management of home directories sounds like good news for me. Problems I have noticed are being solved now. Frankly, thanks to Red Hat for making my laptop and my servers work. I have a sound management that works and is nice to use, an init system that I can understand and use (just a few lines to write in a file to add a custom service) and makes my computers boot fast, a log that is readable, network management that is dead simple to use (and that can easily be disabled to restore the former behavior), a network discovery service that just works and makes printing (among other things) easier and probably other things. Those things are not perfect but nothing is. So how do we do? There will always be some people happy with some change and other, not happy with it. So, basically, people who maintain the system you use have made decisions on its evolution that you don't like. Keeping the system as it is would have been another, arguable, possibility, not the obvious thing to do. I can't see any solution to this problem for you apart from another system emerging with features you like (maybe from a fork). Which is not trivial. I don't agree. First there was, and there still is, CUPS for printing. Then Avahi came, and basically allowed your network printer to show up in the printing dialog without doing anything. Still printing using CUPS, but discoverable without configuration thanks to Avahi. Net gain for the user. I can't actually see a drawback here. Now say I have a machine called serv on the network I want to ssh to. I just need to type ssh serv.local and it will work. I don't need to set up a fixed IP address anymore, nor remember it. I want to play a sound on another device in the network? It's a drag and drop, thanks to Avahi and PulseAudio. I want to make a new network service usable by other computers in my domestic network? I'll just register to Avahi and boom, it's usable without configuration everywhere. No need to reinvent a service discovery wheel. I have not actually done that but I'm sure it's a relatively easy thing to do. And it just works. It's there without me installing or configuring anything. To my knowledge, you don't have those features without Avahi on GNU/Linux. And Avahi is yet another example of something you can easily uninstall if you don't like it. And this is compatible with Apple machines thanks to Lennart reusing an existing protocol. If anything, I miss it on Android. Actually, compatibility with macOS and iOS is just something I see that could ease adoption (and if somebody brings their Apple device, I can hope for some interoperability). I’m not sure I’m particularly lucky, I would rather think (hope!) that those things made stuff easier for many (most?) people besides me and this is the reason number one I like them. When I set up a GNU/Linux system on someone else’s computer, they make my and the user's life much easier. I've not conducted or read a study about this though and if it actually broke many users it would definitely be concerning. As a direct consequence of these considerations, no offense to you, but I actually hope that you are unlucky :-) (and I wish you luck for the future and that what broke on your side will get fixed!) It's probably too vague a claim to prove or disprove. They could amend this sentence. Different companies have different impacts on software freedom that I'd be hard-pressed to compare. However, consider Microsoft Office, which is widely used, and has some network effects. If a friend uses an iPhone, that does not really impact me (where I live). In contrast, Microsoft even has impact on people who would consider not to use their products. I'd also bet that there are far more Microsoft Office users than iPhone users. Windows also has huge network effects. I agree with you though. The iPhone is a big offender in that it does not really allows you to run any code you could otherwise run on it, the only supported way of installing apps is incompatible with the GPL and Apple controls what you run on your Apple device (which some people find it's a feature). This is all about sending a message and clarify a position. When someone in a marketing team of a company sends a message, they usually speak for the company, not for themself, except otherwise explicitly stated. So indeed, we can't expect a huge company like Microsoft have a uniform opinion on all things, but Microsoft as an entity stills sends a more or less coherent message if they take care of their communication. And I would not blame someone understanding a statement from Ballmer for Microsoft's official stand if the statement was made when he was the head of the company and the company did not issue an apology or a clarification after the fact. Ah ah, the first link is yet another interesting "it makes sense" post from Raymond Chen. The second link is saddening and I know iMessage is a problem in some areas of the world. Here, people expect that most people don't have an iPhone… and the problematic messengers are of course Facebook and WhatsApp. At least, here, it seems that most people understand that you don't want to use them. But you are still locked out of group discussions. You rely on people who like you to keep you posted because they want you to be at whatever event is being discussed there, and you are that one person who is not in the group chat. I don’t think speaking about religion is a problem. Here's what I think, for what is worth: First, your message may give the impression that you are giving an unfounded lesson to some people here. “You will not […]” Second, you may be speaking a language to which not everyone is receptive. For instance, you are stating things about our duties, but people who don’t see a meaning or a goal in life (does it sound sad?), or don’t feel they have a specific duty may not fully understand your message. Some people here may also be seeking evidences for some statements you make because they are not obvious to them. For instance: how can you know that nobody will ever suffer as much as Jesus or more? Is there a study out there finding this result? Though I may also be doing the mistake you may be doing, that is, not speaking the right language to be understood (I may also have offended you by doing so and I'm sorry for that if that is the case). Quite like in the following copy-pasted joke: --- A religious women upon waking up each morning would open her front door stand on the porch and scream, “Praise the Lord.” This infuriated her atheist neighbor who would always make sure to counter back, “There is no Lord.” One morning the atheist neighbor overheard his neighbor praying for food, thinking it would be funny, he went and bought her all sorts of groceries and left them on her porch. The next morning the lady screamed, “Praise the Lord, who gave me this food.” The neighbor laughing so hard he could barely get the words out screamed “It wasn’t the Lord, it was me.” The lady without missing a beat screamed: “Praise the Lord for not only giving me food but making the atheist pay for it!!” --- It sounds like mitigating the CDN problem could be done like what the Decentraleyes browser addon does: replacing CDN hosted files by local versions. What are the difficulties for a browser to provide such a feature by default? Without a smartphone, it's harder to run into your potential soulmate by walking with your nose on your screen, blindly following a map or watching / reading the same random shit your could at home for cheaper. You could try with a book or a regular newspaper but you might come off as old-fashionned and weird. You can hope someone would find some romance in this incongruous setting though. Might work. Otherwise, you can always act as if you were confused and pretend you ran out of battery. > If somebody asks me "tu parlons anglais ?" it's definitely going to sound very wrong to me but I'll probably be able to figure out what you're attempting to communicate. If web browsers had feelings, they would possibly often experience this with the HTML soup being thrown at their parsers. "Hey, I think I know what you're attempting to communicate!" Wow, I had completely forgotten the existence of void in JavaScript. Why is it needed here? To force an expression without using the parentheses? Edit: Yes, it seems so, and this usage with functions is explicitly documented there: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Refe... > Or when Google decided to remove rotation from the home screen on Android 2.3 -- it wasn't a huge problem, but I could have sworn that something changed. Users were conflicted, many convincing themselves that the homescreen never rotated at all. For this specific feature, on LineageOS, you can restore home screen rotation. I don't really understand why it's off by default though, it's confusing to have apps rotate but not the home screen. I've always assumed they know what they are doing (Android UX seems quite good, despite what my three years younger self would think), but I don't get this. Is it because you can mess up your home screen by adding or moving icons when rotated? Thank you. I lost. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Game_(mind_game) Thug life! :-) But why would you punish yourself for someone else's acts? I indeed can see myself boycotting a project on moral grounds if there is a decent alternative (and even without a decent alternative in some cases, I guess) Sh*t, I'm using Btrfs which is not in maintenance mode. Even the argument of the energy consumption? Sorry but your comment sounds like you are trying to discredit an argument using pretty words like "crocodile tears", and the sole argument you are using is textbook whataboutism. We are comparing the energy consumption of crypto currencies vs regular money. From what I read (granted, not much), Bitcoin would not scale to the current usage of regular money. From [1]: "Digiconomist compared bitcoin's network energy consumption to another payment system like Visa. It reports that bitcoin consumed the equivalent energy of nearly 2.8 million U.S. households, while Visa's consumption numbers around 50,000 U.S. households." "That's about 0.13 percent of total global electricity consumption, according to Digiconomist. That would rank bitcoin as 61st if it were its own country." "Bitcoin mining uses more electricity than […] Ireland or Nigeria." "Nearly 10 U.S. households can be powered for one day by the electricity consumed for a single bitcoin transaction" Nothing remotely comparable to using a dishwasher. And all this is considering that very few people use Bitcoin. > how others spend their energy It's not a problem at the individual level. It's not "other spending their energy". It's people spending everybody's resources. This cannot be solved with money. [1] https://www.cbsnews.com/news/bitcoin-mining-energy-consumpti... Interesting article. The problem of ethical use of something is not limited to software. When you get any tangible object, you don’t usually get usage restrictions from a license. So, if this is a problem to solve, I think that the solution should be sought more generally, not restricting the scope to software. (edit: and not to an individual software, which would be a weak way of "preventing" an unethical practice at the society level anyway). Usage of tangible objects is restricted by law. I think it should be the same for software. And yes, law is not perfect, and not the same for different countries. Everybody has their own, evolving, ethics. If everybody starts restricting usage for random things in licenses, we may be in for a big mess. And I say this as someone who has an opinion on many ethical matters. I think it is calling for the FSF to think about addressing a potential unwanted fragmentation of the free software community over opinions on ethical uses of software and solutions based on restriction from licenses. To answer your question: probably any software following the widely accepted, opinion-free definition of "free software". Can you run it? Read its code? Redistribute it verbatim? Make modifications to the code for private use? Redistribute the modifications? Then it's free software. You are free not to like some free software licenses though. Yep, and I remember Stallman saying that these exceptions are not desirable in a talk. Matthew Garrett certainly knows it and certainly wants that something is done on the matter. Which could be good. However, the title implies a possible evolution of the definition of free software, but I just can't see that as conceivable. That would be akin to change the definition of the prime numbers to exclude 1, breaking many demonstrations in the process ⸮ Yes, that was ironic. 1 used to be prime for some time at some point in the past. I picked a mathematical definition that changed. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prime_number#Primality_of_on... Indeed. The actual definition says: "The freedom to run the program as you wish, for any purpose (freedom 0)." I simplified too much. To GP: > There are degrees to freedom, and while FOSS activists would like to paint issues black and white, they really are not There are software that are free software, and software that are not free software. This is the whole point of a good definition. Actually assessing whether a program is free software might be hard, but at the end no software is between free software and non-free software. Now we can argue on a level of freedom but we are not talking about this definition anymore. And by the way, Linus Torvalds is closer to the open source initiative that to the free software foundation, which he does not like much, but his preferred license is the GPLv2. Or: "je suis calé" (a bit informal). Which also has the meaning "I know about". Her (2013) https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1798709/ You might be right, but I would understand "I'm not surprised" as a way to introduce an opinion or an analysis, rather than as something like "It would be dumb to be surprised". Though to be fair, I had a similar reaction when I saw the title as the commenter of your link (more like, "Well, no shit!"). I still find the conversation and the points of view of everyone here interesting, I would not be here otherwise. I would be particularly interested by someone who would indeed be surprised and offer an analysis I could not see. It seems like a lost battle. If a person you don't know well uses literally, you already cannot know without context if they mean figuratively if the fact being qualified is remotely plausible. It's broken beyond repair. No hope for healing. Literally is no more. It's passed on. It has ceased to be. It's expired and has gone to see its maker. It's an ex-word. Do you know Captain Literally? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9jh4Mpgbi4A It happens all the time to people asking me for help with their computers. They are a lot more annoyed by this than me. Do you have a hard time to understand from the context whether "you" is plural or singular? It seems like it is the same problem but nobody is out there arguing that we should find a way to disambiguate this. > they want to change how to write things Who? Far from everybody. > looks like the most stupid thing in the world At the very least… > Progress they say.... Almost nobody is for progress for the sake of progress. Rejecting a solution that tries to address a (arguably) less-than-ideal status quo as stupid is not very helpful. We could argue that the status quo is stupid too anyway. Don't you see that the solution you find stupid (which you can, of course) is an attempt to address something some people see as a problem? At least, enlighten us with reasons why you find it stupid, it's easy to find interesting things to say on this matter. > Safari made much possible by opening WebKit Just to give credit where it is due: they had to, since they used KHTML, under LGPL, a pretty good browser engine at the time. Thanks, I did not know about this alternative to W3W. It's nice when people produce free ads for a competing service, though doing it using DMCA takedowns is a bit weird. Be sure not to delete directions of people using your concept on Twitter, it would make it a bit dangerous to use! There is also a convenient Redshift applet for Plasma. Its package is called plasma-applet-redshift-control in Debian. Maps.me ( https://f-droid.org/en/packages/com.github.axet.maps/ ) seems a bit better for finding addresses I would hate reading that this would actually make the babies healthier for some obscure reasons that nobody had anticipated. (This might be a writing prompt) Ah ah, anyway, this would be pointless if it makes you far more likely to reach death before having a chance to have kids. I guess it would be an optimization problem. Long life to you and your kids :-) Maybe a solution for you would be using Firefox containers, with one container per language? > because it's too damn hard to push yourself using your hands while your body is broken There are motorized wheelchairs for people who can’t push themselves. People in wheelchair for life I met have a motorized one. I think this is a bad decision, but I don't want to live in a world in which people risk their privacy by making poor decisions. We just need processes to learn and avoid doing mistakes twice, and shaming is a poor way to do it. If I risked being ashamed when making decisions, I would probably avoid decisions altogether. This would be awful. The discussed decision is not even out of law. What we can do though, is to tell people we know and love about F-Droid and suggest them to only fall back to the Play Store if they don't find what they want, and that they should be aware that by doing so, they enter the jungle and that this jungle follows Google's arbitrary rules, some of which are not in their own interests. > Haskell is like that smart, funny but shy girl totally outshined by her more popular classmates - Python and Java Come on. Why picking a girl specifically? Signal is free software. However, there are two problems with Signal that may make it less worth it for free software enthusiasts: - Signal for Android is built with Google proprietary libraries (Firebase). Signal binaries therefore contain non-free parts. - Moxie does not want to see non-official clients connect to the official servers of Signal, including forks that only get rid of the Google part. Understandable but annoying. LibreSignal was doing that, and was stopped for this reason. I would add something else that bothers me, and it's the requirement to tie one's account to a phone number (and the inability to run Signal on several phones I guess). Moreover, one can avoid smartphones (to avoid binary blobs that come with every smartphone of today on which Signal is supported for instance) with a little bit of hacking with signal-cli, but this is not straightforward and the Signal desktop application is limited. By encouraging the use of Signal, you are basically making people depend on smartphones. Not good as far as I am concerned, but still far better than WhatsApp and you can, if you really want to, compile the Android application yourself by removing proprietary dependencies. I did it recently, it's a few hours of work, it seems to work and it's supposed to, but I don't actually use it so don't take my word for it. So, with Signal, it is: - give your phone number - run proprietary software (and the developers highly recommend Google Play on Android), or edit, compile the app for yourself and manage your own updates (and live with your phone's binary blobs anyway), or accept to only use the limited desktop client. In any case you need a phone. So close to a very good solution… If I understood correctly, the Signal protocol can be federated (and actually, I just learned that Signal was federated in the past with servers managed by Cyanogenmod between 2013 and 2016), but Moxie does not believe federation is a good thing for Signal. See https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Signal_%28software%29#Federati... I regularily receive dmarc reports from Google (every day) and yahoo for instance. Not sure I've ever received any dmarc report from hotmail though. And email is pretty reliable with Google. It is a disaster with hotmail: you have to send a big number of emails to have a chance that hotmail treats your email as non spam. They put your self hosted emails in the spam folder of your regular contacts, and the fact that they respond to your emails and systematically mark them as non spam is an irrelevant detail for them. I think the difference between such a service and tmux attach or screen -x is that if person A wants to share a terminal with person B and that person A is behind a firewall / NAT, it would be painful to do without some kind of proxy (this is mentioned in the linked page be the way). You have to trust the proxy though. Oh yes, this is right, me too. Last report on 2017-10-31. > I count on the fingers of one hand the number of [X], and still have fingers to spare So many words to non precisely say one to three (assuming a five finger hand). I remember being annoyed by that years ago the few times I used Windows. I am used to triple-click+drag to achieve this when I need it. When I actually don't want to select words, it gets in the way. One can probably use the keyboard for precise things like that though. I can see triple-clicking+drag being tricky and that most people probably want to select entire words most of the time anyway, so I don't know what the best solution is. I'd argue that selections need handles like on mobile operating systems so it can be edited afterwards. Don't get fooled, this is a maintainer's trick to make you read the code (and Main.hs is the entry point!). :-) I guess there is work under employment (or as a founder, or whatever), and then work outside of this. Considering a large definition of work, when you are cooking, cleaning your house, taking care of your children or grandchildren, maintaining your free software or participating in your association in your "free time", you are still working, only perhaps with less strings attached for some of these things, and unpaid for that (note that you can see your retirement leave as an indirect payment). And that is very comforting to me: you can still work as a retired, on things meaningful to you, without anyone telling you what to do. And sure, you may have the chance to pick a (paid, employed, founder's) job that is meaningful to you. Best to ensure that you'll still be able to achieve meaningful things to you (on your own) after you leave that job if this is important to you. Or hate everyone walking on the road close to their garden. Can't walk in this small town without this annoyance. I guess distributions may be able to build a Firefox version that would load extensions installed using the package manager without prompt. But you are right. This is what lists have been doing. They may also set the X-Original-From or X-Original-Sender headers. Google Groups does it anyway. ARC will be better than that though, of course. Yes. By the way, should this host not work on your domestic connection, I do not advise you to switch away from your ISP DNS, nor, alternatively, to put the following line: 186.2.163.171 sci-hub.se in your hosts file. Or 186.2.163.90 sci-hub.tw for that matter. I just tried, and yes, it is important to match the correct host with the ip address. The server uses the Host HTTP header to find the right virtual host and send the right SSL certificate. A wrong match seems to break the site. But your assumption is right, I believe all these hosts are otherwise identical mirrors of Sci-Hub. KDE Connect is a wonderful application for Android that covers these two use cases: - Copy from the phone and paste on your computer, or vice versa (this is an optional feature, fortunately). - Right-click on a link in a browser, or click on the KDE Connect icon -> send to device. You can also send files between devices with it. (it works outside the KDE environment too, even outside GNU/Linux apparently, and Gnome has its own implementation) In the "now that I think about it, it was silly" category, I "copy pasted" a mail using QR Codes from the computer to the phone while in a train. I could send the mail from the phone, but it was more convenient to type it with the computer. KDE Plasma provides a QR Code for anything not too big you copy-pasted by clicking on an icon. "It should be more convenient than using the computer as a Wi-Fi hotspot for the phone, which is a two clicks operation, right?" Wrong. It was painful. We should reuse the idea of Quiet.js, seen today on HN [1], to solve this kind of situation. [1] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21415946 > people are terrible at predicting the future. It will be nothing like you expect or fear. This is a funny prediction :-) > if it doesn't run on a 10 year old ThinkPad, it's trash. And Plasma probably runs quite well on a 10 year old ThinkPad anyway. I run one of the latest versions of Plasma on an old x86 tablet with 1 GB of ram, a slow SSD and an Intel Atom CPU. It's just a bit slow to boot, but this was improved on the last release (I could not test it on the tablet though). It is quite lightweight, but you probably shouldn't install the kde-full package on an old computer. I ran modern GNU/Linux on a laptop with a 333 MHz Pentium II processor and 96 MB of RAM until 2010. I still have the laptop and it probably still works, though I lended its charger and I don't know where it landed. It was a bit slow. You had to avoid opening more than two or three browser tabs and avoid swapping at all cost because of the relatively slow HDD. You had to be patient. The computer was designed for windows 95 and 98. It ran Windows 2000 quite well. XP was slow. I was amazed by the fact that a live CD of Ubuntu 5.04 ran pretty good on it, with an early version of GNOME 2. Late versions of GNOME 2 were unusable on it. It also managed to run mandrake 9 with kde 2 (?) well too. Now, current distributions are removing support for x86-32. Debian would probably be the best bet (or slackware ?), if not a specifically lightweight distro. I tried Arch on it but I would not install a rolling distro on anything with a slow drive today. Too painful because of the updates. I wonder if its silicon motion GPU would still work under X11. I'm not sure the vesa driver worked on it. I remember having issues with X11 with this laptop the last times I used it. I used a pcmcia card for the Wi-Fi that I sill have. I needed to use ndiswrapper to use the windows driver on Linux. It didn't handle WPA. Fortunately, almost all Wi-Fi networks were open or encrypted with WEP. Today, I would probably need to use Ethernet, or the only USB1 port it has to plug a Wi-Fi stick. One web page of today would send this computer to swap hell though. I am finishing my Ph.D. in computer science. I am defending by the end of the year. I am looking for a software engineer position. Preferably to work on free and open source software, or on software used internally. Location: Grenoble (France) or Brussels (Belgium) Remote: Yes (preferably), on site works too. Willing to relocate: Maybe Technologies: GNU/Linux, Python, JavaScript, TypeScript HTML, CSS, PHP, Java, C, Protobuf, POSIX Shell. I have also played with SQL, Scala, D, C++, Qt, OCaml, SVG, Android. Résumé/CV: https://raphael.jakse.fr/cv | Check out my website: https://raphael.jakse.fr/ Email: raphael {-at-} jakse {-dot-} fr I value: - User friendliness - Respect for users' privacy - Minimalism (code-wise) - Standard compliance - Explicitness Strength: Curiosity. Attentiveness. Self-reliance. Persistence. Rigor. I speak French, English and a bit of Spanish Don't let the world not understand your comment ;-) It is a reference to La cité de la peur , a French parodic movie by "Les Nuls". Yes, the title of this post also made me think about it too. I wonder if good translations in other languages exist, but it seems pretty hard to do. It seems to work with javascript disabled. What people like (or strongly dislike, for that matter) about this movie is that it is filled with bad puns (and plain base humor at times), absurd situations and absurd characters. The scenario would not even matter. This quote, "You can fool 1000 times 1000 persons, hum, no, you can fool 1 time 1000 persons, but you cannot fool 1000 times 1000 persons. No, you can fool 1 time 1000 persons but you cannot fool 1000 times 1 person. No…", is a cult citation of this movie, said by a seemingly clueless character who can't manage to speak his sentence for the whole time of the movie, and who is, by the way, fooled all the time. La Cité de la Peur , released in 1994, still gets referenced regularly, pretty much like Asterix : Mission Cléopatre , released in 2001, by people who like this kind of humor. Kind of impressive 25 (resp. 18) years later. How am I even writing a comment on La Cité de la Peur today on HN? Have I woken up in a parallel universe or something? But if your form is an advanced search form of instance, it should lead to a get request in my opinion. > Current Dropbox versions are incredibly invasive. They popup when opening a word document. When pluggin in my Camera. And now started showing a glowing red "error" because I "only" have a Pro account and no business account (when using 0,4% of my storage). Also they still have no way of ignoring folders. Have you tried Nextcloud? It is not invasive and is able to ignore folders. There are paid providers available though I have never tried them, I host my own instance. Yeah, do you happen to know why it is reversed in French? What harm is done by saying plant-based milk? Everybody knows what we are talking about. It is crystal clear (yet white). Milk is still understood by default as cow milk. It will change when and if cow milk is not as widespread as today, and then the word milk will keep reflecting the reality, as today. The FDA, as in many parts of the world (in EU too, for instance), forbids calling such plant-based drinks milk because they are bribed and receive aggressive lobbying from the dairy industry [1]. How are we supposed to call them? Plant-based drinks that are white and look like milk? They are not always used as drinks since they can be used to cook, and are not the only plant based drinks. Yes, this makes it difficult to speak about them. Yes, this is possibly the point, along with avoiding that people think them as alternatives to cow milk. When you are telling people that "this is not milk", you are spreading this lobbying. What is your point? People saying milk for plant based drinks will not be convinced by this prescriptive approach anyway. [1] https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2017/02/10/the-s... Make them solve a reCAPTCHA when clicking on the button. Make sure that the captcha takes at least one second to appear. This will make them feel that something is sent and validated. This comes up again and again, but a personal solution until things move is to disable Javascript on Medium. Then, you are presented with a fully working page, without any distraction. Just disable JS on Medium. It "gracefully improves". yes, no popup. > KDE with the default breeze theme Well, I don't like Windows classic style very much, but I use KDE with Breeze and it is the widget style I prefer amoung anything I have seen, with macOS just a bit under but I haven't used it very much. It is a big contrast with Oxygen in KDE 4, which is the widespread theme I liked the less. Breeze is just clean, simple, elegant. It bears its name well. I also tend to use Breeze in Gnome 3 when I periodically try it (Gnome is so beautiful with Breeze!), though Adwaita got a lot better recently, to the point it went from "I dislike this theme, why is it the default?" to "Pretty cool theme!". I might stick with it next time I try Gnome. Same for Tango, though I still prefer Breeze, maybe out of habit. > recently used a recent copy of photoshop and premiere and the black UI and the widgets being different from the UI of the whole system really bugged me off Same thing for Blender and Open Shot. Isn't it to help focus on the content? I mainly use GNU/Linux by principle. It just so happens to be the best operating system too, but that is mostly a nice coincidence ;-) My point is, you cannot draw any conclusion on Linux users because they use it for different reasons and I certainly didn't start using it because I was not satisfied with Windows: I was mostly curious I guess, and liked the little games that came with Mandrake 9 (I was a child). Most Linux users don't make their own desktop anyway. And you cannot blame people who write their own desktop manager for fun and let express their creativity in their free time, or to implement their vision, or to fit their need. They possibly wouldn't have contributed to any existing solution anyway. What's more, you don't seem to have done much research before this heavy, misguided critic. Speaking for the two big desktops, first we had KDE. But the FSF was disatisfied with the fact that Qt was non-free. They started three projects: - a free reimplementation of Qt. - lobbying for Qt to be freed. - an alternative, free desktop: GNOME. The second and third projects succeeded so the first was dropped. But by the time the second project succeded, the third was already well advanced. That is why we have Gnome besides KDE. For ideological reasons, not because someone was not satisfied by KDE and decided to create GNOME instead of contributing to KDE. The reality is more complicated than what you say. I am sorry that you were annoyed by colleagues using Linux but your perception of them is not an accurate representation of the world. And I can see that KDE (or Gnome indeed) is a good solution, thank you very much. What is wrong in making choices after ethical reasons? I want to know, because this is what drives me. Being flexible on principles is acting against your (core) values, and making compromises is not always even the most pragmatic thing to do. Not saying you should never make compromises. First, nobody is perfect. Second, everybody has their own thresholds and this is fine. You say that you are borderline of using Linux on the desktop. Surely you have a motivation behind that? You need to answer the question you raise at the end of your comment before switching. Switching OSes can be a bit disruptive and it takes time to adapt. It takes will. You should not change for the sake of changing. Here are hints though: - you think that free software is the way forward. People should control their digital life. - you think that open source is the way forward. It's just a way more efficient way to build software, frees us from perpetually reinventing the wheel by building "common goods" and enables meaningful and powerful collective work, even across companies. - you like Unix. You think that it is a nice way to organise and design an operating system. - you like package managers on Linux. apt install stuff, or click stuff in the store, and boom, it is installed. No bullshit, everything is free, no demo versions. - no tracking, no ads, no hidden shenanigans, no need to have a Microsoft or Apple account to have updates. - you like having the right and the possibility to modify or study any piece of software you use. - you like a fast boot and virus free environment. - you like being close to your development environment. - you find KDE/GNOME beautiful. - you like the customization the ecosystem enables. - you are curious and like to explore new stuff. - ...? To each their own. What's more, I find Linux practical, but not everybody does and there are downsides to use Linux instead of a more mainstream OS (app support, help, ...) :-) > Ubuntu app has crashed Try disabling apport in /etc/default/apport Or with the command: sudo systemctl disable apport Yes, it sucks having to do that. See also QuickJS, Fabrice Bellard's js engine: https://bellard.org/quickjs/ (Fabrice also started qemu and ffmpeg, wrote the tiny C compiler and broke world records for calculating pi) Except you cannot even look at the contents of the file being piped beforehand and hope that the same file is downloaded when you actually pipe it. It's more like running setup.exe using the administrator account. Isn't that akin to extracting setup.exe? You still don't get to inspect the binaries bundled in the image. It's not a good thing, only a bad thing with a good side effect ;-) You could conduct a double blind experiment. Ah ah. I did :-) Completely off-topic, but I discovered the existence of the HTML tag [1] with this page. I was surprised that I could unfold these questions at all with Javascript disabled. Usually, I am stuck with this kind of pages. Please webmasters, use for your FAQs if you want foldable questions. [1] https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/de... They are disappearing and it gracefully degrades, I think we should not care in most cases now :-) edit: and I guess a JS shim can be used if it really matters. I guess you can always hack something in Javascript if you wish to have animations, which is always better than to go with an implementation in full Javascript. They know what servers are accessed from their network by design. They don't need to spy and to give data on an individual level. You can always detect whether tag is supported in JavaScript by testing whether HTLMFooElement is defined (but I understand you are speaking more generally). I understand your feeling, and by making it usable without JavaScript you are already going a long way, but using those tags also makes your pages accessible. Making your pages beautiful with animations is only extra. Things already work out of the box in any case without without effort, only better if it is supported. HTML is mostly designed to gracefully degrade, detection is not always necessary. How would you like things to be handled? Handling retro compatibility is hard and I find HTML does a good job at it. Yes but ISPs are huge and can limit logging to outbound connections. No individual recording would be done. Privacy is kept -- with a big caveat that deanonymisation of aggregated data is possible in a number of cases, of course, granted. > Try to service large corporations and governments. Our IE11 user share is over 70% for the product I was excluding this from the "most cases", but thanks for the wake up call anyway. Outch. And I guess they are also simpler code wise? :-) I've built a website like that, for someone drawing comics. Fully works in simple HTML, looks better with CSS, and faster and slightly more enjoyable with JS. The JS avoids jumps and flashes (especially annoying since the website has a black background) when opening a page by only reloading relevant parts so the browser does not need to fully redraw the website, with great care to handle history correctly and consistently with what would happen with JS disabled. Yes, and probably more usable than vi (not talking about vim) and its features are more than enough to edit configuration files. It has copy paste of a line or an arbitrary chunk of text (I learned that last week! But I often use the copy paste functionality of the terminal emulator anyway), syntax highlighting, undo redo, line numbers, search and replace. Access to these features is efficient. It's also fast and lightweight. All the characteristics of a good default terminal text editor. Free us from vi! :-) In a world where sourcing materials and building computer parts that cannot be recycled has such a high environmental and societal cost, no, I can't find any way of seeing this as acceptable. We should not let the market and consumers preference decide on this. We need informed, resonnable and thoughful decisions. If it leads to laptops a bit more heavy and thick but less wasteful, so be it. Convenience cannot be demanded at any cost. Anyway, repairable is convenient. False dichotomy. Both are bad things and should be boycotted anyway. Install FreeDOS on a desktop and move on. Edit: and, as the next commenter says...: Isn't this bullshit? Apple Forces Recyclers to Shred All iPhones and MacBooks - https://www.vice.com/en_us/article/yp73jw/apple-recycling-ip... Anyway, the best waste is the one that does not exist, recycling should be last resort since it's often far from perfect and costly too. So we should reduce the amount of things we need to recycle in the first place. As for computer parts, I cannot see how it can be efficient. Reusing working stuff is good though, obviously. You are implying that an article that is only two years old is too old, precising that you don't know if things have changed (thank you for your honesty by the way). Apple forces recyclers to shred perfectly good hardware indiscriminately, against their will, so it does not hurt Apple's bottom line. When you are the richest company in the world, surely you can do better. There is no excuse. I cannot take Apple's own 2 MB, 55 request loading marketing material about environment as a reliable source. This sucks. I live with music but when I feel really bad, I no longer listen to music, to avoid tainting it. Now, days when I feel bad are quiet. Though I mostly enjoy travelling back in time through music, including to high school. Fortunately these years were not traumatising for me. Specific songs are particularly strong for that. Some songs are strongly associated with specific emotions that were not very enjoyable at the time, but are strangely comforting...ish today. I hope someone gets this and formulates it better / differently. This is probably a kind of nostalgia, but not really in the sense that it was better back in the day. Yes, I do see some specific pieces of code I wrote up to 13 years ago when hearing some songs. Although It's not on propose. The HN thread on This person does not exist [1] 9 months ago about generated human faces is where I first met this concept. Search for "uncanny" and "disturbing" (several occurrences). [1] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=19144280 >> You are implying that an article that is only two years old is too old, > No. I’m stating that policy changed after this article was published, who knows maybe it was in response to this article, so the facts may have changed Ok, that was a more charitable and likely interpretation of your message. A bit of bad faith unfortunately slipped in my last comment. Sorry for that. Well, there is a middle ground between completely unrepairable and completely lego like. Nobody needs to glue the keyboard to the battery and the speakers in a laptop. My laptop is fine. Changing the battery is especially common, they wear fast. And Apple has shown that it did glue an unreliable keyboard to components that didn't need to be thrown away. As for tablets, you can change the screen or the battery on an iPad 2 for instance - though not easily -, and its form factor was perfectly fine. A bit thicker would not make it horrible so I am sure it is also possible to design a repairable tablet and I think Fairphone proved that it is possible for phones too (although the Fairphone seems a bit thick, granted). As for smartwatches, I'd argue that while there are valid use cases for them, most people certainly don't need them, so it should not be a big concern. Almost everybody has a phone now, and people who really want to wear the time on their arm can get a regular watch that will last decades instead of a smartwatch. We don't need to carry two computers 24-7. I hope this market is niche and remains niche. But I certainly can imagine that you don't need to glue the battery to the screen in a smartwatch neither anyway. I am not sure this is what you are looking for, but I have been working on Aude (AUtomata DEmystifier), an open source pedagogical application targeted at CS teachers and students that works in browsers without installation (but one can download and run it offline too). The aim is to visualise and manipulate automata, including conversions between them and regular expressions. Happy to take feedback! https://aude.imag.fr Nice self-reference :-) That is not really related to Linux itself, more to the open source / free software world. Thanks for the kind words. Well, I was a student and needed to practice the related lesson, "Languages and Automata", before the final exam. So I implemented the algorithms of the lesson and used Graphviz to render the result. The thing worked in a browser but ran on the server (using D!). I figured my fellow students or the teacher may find it useful, so I sent the link to the teacher (in a post-scriptum of a very long mail in which I was asking for help, ah ah). "Your tool seems really interesting, what about you continue developing this during an internship this summer?" Hell, yes. And Aude started. Since then, I was lucky to mentor several interns to work on Aude with this teacher. I would not say a steady flow, there were two to three students two months per summer these last three years, but they helped a lot anyway indeed :-) And it was fun to work with them. The first "cohort" of three students called themselves the Aude Team and they put that in their internship report. On which platform? Works well on Firefox on Android and GNU/Linux. Do you know how gotty compares to shellinabox? I use the latter when I cannot use SSH. There is WeTTY, too, that is based on xterm.js, which seems interesting. This one is listed in the readme of Gotty. Maybe you can apply the invert property on images too? But you might be interested in these browser extensions: - Dark Reader - Dark Background and Light Text Kate highlights keywords like ATTENTION, WARNING, BUG, NOTICE and NOTE in comments. You can have your comments lighter than your code and still not miss important things. It exists. :-) hncynic: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=19694578 There is indeed cairo-dock / glx-dock [1], that can probably be used as a desktop environment too by using a separate window manager like Compiz. I thought this link was about it. The name clash is very unfortunate here. [1] http://www.glx-dock.org/ One thing I dislike in Java is the string comparison. If you write str1 == str2, it compiles but probably does not do what you want (object identity vs string comparison). (edit: to clarify, this does not mean Java is not a good language overall, every language has its own set of shortcomings and as someone points out in the replies, this behavior is consistent with everything else in the language) This had to happen, right? It reminds me of Adblock Radio [1, 2], which blocks ads on radios using several techniques (it has nothing to do with the Adblock browser extension). Maybe they could share some knowledge, especially on things based on sound analysis? Seems hard to do for sponsored content though (nobody would be able to talk about $PICK_A_POPULAR_VPN on YouTube anymore, ah ah). [1] https://www.adblockradio.com/ [2] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21057684 I'm not giving my point of view on fairness of skipping adverts in video vs. ad blocking on the web, but a big difference for me is tracking. I find sponsored segments really intrusive and I hate ads, but at least they are not targeted at me specifically. The sponsor hasn't installed some crappy js / resource to track me and target me. The ad is bound to the video instead. It would be great to have dimensional analysis in typing systems of programming languages. I don't know whether this is good news¹, but DuckDuckGo uses Apple maps for location searches, so you can use Apple maps through Duck Duck Go. 1: because it replaced OSM… My intuition is that most of the code for which performance really matters is written in Rust and C++ (the web engine, Gecko, and the Javascript engine, SpiderMonkey). Trying to optimize your line for non-whitespace character count since I have nothing else to do right now, I just discovered $ can be used in any webpage from the browser console: $('.video-stepper').style.display = 'none' I tried, it's not in this article, I am really interested for a shorter solution however :-) edit: $('.video-stepper').remove() works I would advise you to try to build something simple and small. It may become bigger afterwards. Ideally, this (initially) small project would scratch an itch. That way, you have something immediately motivating, small and simple working soon so you don't get lost (lack of motivation, too much complexity) and overwhelmed, and you can still improve it later. Well, there is this "move to trash" menu item that turns into "really delete" on many file managers. I find it not bad. If you really need it, you will discover it. Otherwise, you can still go to the trash and really delete the file from there. It's safer than having the really delete item by default, and it's there if you need it. Plasma (KDE) now has a button in its network widget that does just that - show the QR code for this wifi network. It works on Android Pie with the Binary Eye code scanner app. https://f-droid.org/en/packages/de.markusfisch.android.binar... > Webcrap No need to be this dismissive. > if you want proof While I agree that there are many reasons to prefer native technologies in many cases, this is not a proof. A clue, at best. You can use the profile manager. There is a way to do it from the graphical user interface (see the sibling comment), though I just run Firefox using firefox -p Maybe set a different theme / persona on each profile. It works on Firefox Mobile on Android. However, one has to switch from landscape to portrait mode back and forth to kern, and then to click on the next button. I never notice this. On Firefox mobile there is an option to always allow zooming and it works well. I agree with you though. Using such an option should not be needed. As a vim noob, I needed to look it up [0]. ZZ saves the current file if modified and closes it. ZQ closes it without saving. Thank you, that will save me a few seconds per year. Why the French way? I don't get it and I am very curious :-) [0] https://unix.stackexchange.com/questions/93144/exit-vim-more... Ah yes, zis is it. Fank you. Yes, and the programmer thinks: "3 is prime, 5 is prime, 7 is prime, 9 is not prime, 9 is not prime, 9 is not prime, …" It immediately made me think about CRIU - Checkpoint / Restore in Userspace [1], which needs to be able to restore a process with the same PID as when the checkpoint is taken. When restoring, if a process already has this PID, restoring fails. [1] https://criu.org/ Well, if this does not cause problems and it improves some things, it is probably a better default, no? Distributions using systemd may still change the default if they wish. They do advise using namespaces, and one of their main use cases is indeed docker container migration. Forking can be friendly too. I wanted SimpleProtocolPlayer to be in F-Droid. This requires the author's explicit consent. Unfortunately, the author had not been seen active on the project for a while and did not respond to our questions. I forked the project so I could be the "author" and give my consent (yes, clearly a hack), told them about it, and my willing to merge back at any time. See [1] if interested. They eventually told me they were fine with the fork, and preferred having a fork for the F-Droid version of the app so we did not have to rely on their responsiveness. My fork included a fix that they merged. Some situations warrant a fork, and if communication (about the intents, the means and the expectations) is handled as best as possible, the fork can be seen as friendly by everyone. You are right though, I would not want to become the maintainer of projects I sent a patch to. And by the way, I did not really want to become the maintainer of the F-Droid version of SimpleProtocolPlayer at first, but this is fine. [1] https://github.com/kaytat/SimpleProtocolPlayer/issues/21 Notice: this is an ad for Polar. Possible explanation: one has appeared here by chance a few days ago, and then people read stuff about procratination on their own and some are submitting some of this stuff here. I didn't downvote, but your comment seems a bit off-topic (presenting a random js feature in a thread that is not really about this, and there is nothing really extraordinary in the fact that the OP learned NodeJS last year - good for her!). See also steerpike's comment with which I agree. Your intent may have been sharing this feature that makes you enthousiastic so I can understand that you may find the downvotes frustrating. Don't lose your enthousiasm though, it's a great thing. You may want to review the HN guidelines, they discourage discussing downvotes. A solution in that case might have been to turn your question into an affirmation, something like: A bit off topic, but I recently discovered [...] Ugh. You are testing your home the Netflix way [1] :-) Why not putting poweroff in a cron task a bit before midnight so you don't uselessly risk hosing your file system? You can always restore your backup but it takes time! [1] https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2012/07/netfl... It seems that in the common, accepted terminology, text editors [1] are used to edit plain text documents and word processors [2] are what LibreOffice Writer and Microsoft Word are. They process formatted text document, and sure, they can even be used as text editors. So yes, they edit texts, but calling them text editors can be confusing if not clear from the context because of the common terminology (here, the context was clear for me though). [1] https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Text_editor [2] https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Word_processor Sorry, I just noticed your comment. Upvoting you, hoping that you will notice mine. Unfortunately I don't know anything specific, I haven't followed CRIU. I noticed they did a number of releases during the last years, since I needed to compile CRIU for work. I would take a look at their website [1], it seems to list recent events and they have a mailing list. [1] https://criu.org/Main_Page Google? :-) By the way, it occurs to me that Microsoft is now doing better what Google was doing with the Chrome Frame for IE extension a few years ago. 13 years ago, I asked myself, why Microsoft doesn't just embed WebKit instead of keeping using their annoying web engine. It turns out they are now doing a variant of that now, something that seemed impossible back then, and (amazingly) I am not too happy with this... I guess I did not predict the collapse of my favorite browser's market share at the time, and the dominance of Chrome, which did not exist. Google seemed good anyway. Google building a web browser was strange to me back then: why would Google do that when we already have Firefox, an excellent browser? But now, it is obvious. And Microsoft does not care that much apparently. They don't care about having an edge over this area anymore. I read the article and thought, "well, yes, the option that needed to be enabled on the account for the attack to work describes what the API did, what is the bug?" I found the original notice from twitter [1] easier to understand (maybe change the URL of this post?) and it does not speak about a bug. Twitter did implement a change so that the attack cannot be done anymore though. I did not understand the fix itself, it seems the API cannot be used for its intended use anymore? [1] https://privacy.twitter.com/en/blog/2020/an-incident-impacti... Remember this discussion 7 month ago on the release of Firefox 68 [1], in which many people were worried about Fenix not getting support for extensions? Enjoy the happy ending :-) [1] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=20392546 I can't wait for the big actors to leave room for a more decentralized network where power is dilluted across many smaller actors with saner business strategies / founding schemes. Please keep blocking ads, we don't need this pervasive power-hungry privacy-unfriendly manipulation. We need it to vanish. Emails can already be provided by small companies, ISPs and non profits, and would actually work even better without the big actors... because we would have to make it work, no choice! No more outlook.com deciding that your mail will end up in your recipients' spam folder because they think you are too small for them to give a shit about you... everybody would be small. I want chat, video calls and thought sharing with social circles to work the same way. We don't need one Facebook to rule all the social concerns of the whole human species (the part that uses internet anyway) as it sees fit. I would not worry too much for such services. It will work. Same for YouTube. I run a PeerTube instance on a cheap VPS for a small association. Granted, we don't have a lot of traffic, but if we had, the peer to peer feature would help, right? :-) As for newspapers... I don't have a definitive answer that would be privacy-friendly, sadly. Nor for search engines (including for videos in a more decentralized world....). > I've never met a non technical person who prefers Firefox. I know plenty of non technical people here who like and use Firefox as their main/only browser by choice. The Firefox UI is fine. Your concerns about compatibility are valid though. I've not run into such issues myself and people around me neither (except for Jitsi Meet, which works on Firefox but not optimally. They are going to fix this though.) but I know they exist. You are. But gently spread the word so you become less of an outlier. :-) Just because you are allowed to do something does not mean that it is ethical. Same with the law. Slavery was once allowed. Many people find that unethical nonetheless. The opposite is also true: just because something is outlawed does not mean it is unethical. Many things deemed good now became lawful after people did them. Ethics is not defined by laws, contracts and licenses. It is defined by your moral compass and different people under a same law may have different world views. I have seen Mozilla recommend closed source addons. They have all the rights to do that (thanksfully), however I was not too happy with this, especially from an organization that promotes open source and an open web. I see no point in promoting an outdated fork when you can recommend the better, fresher, original extension. Well, these points were made in this thread and elsewhere, but in this case, pushing this extension instead of the original one prevents users to find the better version, and these users might even donate to the fork in the hope it will improve or to thank for the work, instead of donating to the original one, that really did the work and will be able to improve it. Of course, this does not apply to every situation where there is a fork. In many situations, there is real work done in the fork, sometimes this work is even upstreamed. > a fork with a license preferable to them Both extensions have the same license (GPLv3), except the fork removed the original copyright notices from the original source code. This is probably not even allowed, let alone ethical. Would cat >> example.txt be one, however? > How do normal people (who use Windows) think that this is ok? I have several hypotheses: - Some people don't even think about it. Many probably don't see there is a political aspect to browsers. What harm is there in suggesting something? It's not even clear that it is an ad, they are not going to buy Edge, it's free. What's more, they may only know one OS and take whatever they are provided with as is without any critical look. They probably trust their computer (yeah, and this is scary, but since the system shows this ad, some will probably take it as good advice to follow, and Microsoft is very wrong doing this because they know it). - Some are accustomed to ads. Some may even ignore them without knowing. Some people probably notice but don't care. By the way, why shouldn't a computer display ads in its UI if you are not against the idea of ads? (I personnally hate ads) - Some probably think it's not okay, but possibly forget about it and get on with their lives anyway, and/or don't tell anybody about it, so we would not even know whether people think it is ok. You can use the a:link selector to only set the color of regular links that have not been visited yet. Visited links will keep their default color (purple or whatever color chosen by the browser or the user). So: don't use a { color: ... }, use a:link { color: ... } Absolutely. I find the source code of the Netsurf browser really beautiful: - https://netsurf-browser.org/ - https://source.netsurf-browser.org/netsurf.git/tree/ Including the sub projects, for instance: - https://source.netsurf-browser.org/libcss.git/tree/ - https://source.netsurf-browser.org/libdom.git/tree/ It feels immediately obvious and understandable, which is quite impressive for a browser. Everything is well documented, well separated, the code is clean and seems simple, functions are small, etc. I am really impressed. I'd want to work on such code. I have never worked on it though, and I am not connected in any way to this project. As always, encryption everywhere even for not private information avoids showing you want to hide something when you do have a private interaction. Https also makes it more difficult for someone in the middle to temper with the contents, e.g. adding malware. Had Linux not existed, the world would possibly run on something based on a BSD kernel today, Google included. Maybe with a GNU userspace, maybe not. And LineageOS would probably have a hard time existing because the manufacturers would not be forced to release their kernels. We might have proprietary kernels optimised for Intel CPUs, too. The FSF might also have decided to continue the development of Hurd, or someone to write improvements to a BSD kernel under a GPL license. LibreOffice can embed the source document when exporting to PDF. They call this feature Hybrid PDF. Wow, I had not realized that one could compute Cartesian products using a shell. Also works on zsh and fish, though fish does not enumerate in the same order. Indeed does not work on sh. Thanks for the heads up. Too bad it's not portable, but I guess this is mainly useful in an interactive shell. I mostly use #!/usr/bin/env sh, so my scripts will remain free of shell Cartesian products and other brace expansions. I don't think there is a need for redacting crap, and shit or fuck neither for that matter. It's not like we did not recognize these words anyway. So we fully get their intent and their meaning and we are just decorating their writing or their sound. I don't get the point. If they are deemed offensive, TVs and newsletters should avoid their use and formulate differently in the first place. I often transfer files from the computer to the phone using KDE Connect. Right-click on a file in Dolphin > send to device. Many KDE apps also have a similar share button. I don't know how it works in other desktop environments. I haven't tried but you most certainly can use kdeconnect-cli --share Upvoting you to increase the chance you notice my comment. Maybe you could compare the list of files and files in the APKs instead of comparing the APKs themselves? Upstart actually preceded systemd and was adopted by Fedora, Red Hat, openSUSE and ChromeOS. ChromeOS still seems to use it, interestingly. It probably paved the way to systemd and probably fulfilled a need that no other init system could. Ubuntu was also fast to switch to systemd when it appeared. Canonical cannot be accused of NIH for Upstart, it was a widely adopted clean init system at the time and made many distro's boot times great again. Service configuration files were also very easy and clean. Unity was a desktop environment that both was liked by many people and reused many components from Gnome, I don't really see a problem here. A point could be made for Mir. You were faster than me. Yes, CRIU does checkpointing in userspace on Linux. They contributed a lot of patches to the Linux kernel to support this feature. So there isn't any support for checkpointing in the mainline kernel. Rather, there are many kernel features that allows building such a feature in userspace. For instance, you can set the PID of the next program you spawn on Linux thanks to CRIU, because CRIU needs to be able to restore processes with the same PIDs as when they were checkpointed [1]. CRIU is used by OpenVZ, which, if I remember correctly, are moving or moved away from a kernel-based approach. [1] http://efiop-notes.blogspot.com/2014/06/how-to-set-pid-using... Java does the same thing for small numbers. You don't have to, but using YouTube through the NewPipe app is light years ahead in terms of experience. You can listen to videos and playlists, program which videos will play next, reorder videos that are going to play, no ads. When playing on the background only the audio track is downloaded which is easier on your battery and internet connection. The UI is smooth. The app itself is lightweight. It remembers your history and search history but this happens locally on your device. It also supports PeerTube and SoundCloud. You can watch videos in popup mode though I never do that. The fullscreen player has vlc-like controls to easily change the brightness and volume level. I could go on and on. All that with completely free software. Experience on the mobile website is shit in comparison especially on slow devices. I use Firefox mobile with the same extension + ublock origin but, as someone who hates installing apps when websites should do, do yourself a favor and don't ditch Firefox for Brave, try NewPipe, it's worth it :-) Same thing for the Slide app to go to Reddit by the way. What about support for CSS list-style-type: '-'? Happy to discover that it is finally supported since Chrome 79, released on the December 10, 2019. Supported on Firefox since version 39, released on July 2, 2015. And what about Flex-box's safe value for the justify-content property, allowing to justify (center) an element, but still be sure that the left side of the content will not be hidden if the parent container is too small? Right, supported on Firefox since version 63 released on October 23, 2018 and still not supported on Chrome (and to add insult to injury, safe is recognized, it just does nothing, which is worse than really not supporting the feature). I didn't look for these missing features on purpose, I have been annoyed by them recently or less recently. So as for Chrome's excellent support for modern Web standard, I guess it depends on one's definition of "excellent". Or more accurately, you can find lacking support for some features of the Web standard in any browser engine. :-) Oh, well, it literally depends on what you pick as a definition for "excellent" in a way I hadn't considered then :-) Food for thought however: what is implemented elsewhere may be an indicator of was level of excellence is achievable. Seeing this title, I immediately felt this is the best (unintended?) clickbait title of HN today. "What? This must be wrong!". I just had to click, especially that the article is on gnome.org. I thought I really missed something serious. Turns out, GNOME is not the default desktop environment of Fedora Workstation because the team considers that GNOME is the desktop environment of Fedora Workstation, anything else is not tested / supported. All right, I missed nothing noteworthy after all. On Medium just disable JavaScript. It makes the website pleasing and lightweight. The is what I call graceful enhancement, or progressive degradation. The problem for shared cookies is likely third party cookies, which are going away [1]. [1] https://blog.mozilla.org/blog/2019/09/03/todays-firefox-bloc... Someone would have ended up inventing some X-Session-Id HTTP header that the server would send to the user agent, and the user-agents supporting the "HTTP Sessions extension" would send back a X-Session-Id with the same content to the same origin. A special empty value would have been used to terminate the session, from the client or from the server. Another HTTP header, X-Session-Expiration, would have been added to expire sessions. /s You, you are going to be crucified by scientists. :-) More seriously, I get your point but many discoveries are done by finally observing something which existence has been anticipated, hypothesized but still unproven. A planet that had an effect on nearby objects because of its gravity for instance. Or the Higgs boson. So, yes, thinking of things that are not proven to exist (yet) is often scientifically helpful. You still want to apply Occam's razor of course. I don't think this quote implies that cache invalidation is badly named. It's just one hard thing to do. To me the point of this quote / the joke is the off-by-one error applying to this list itself. To me, the original quote, "There are 2 hard problems in computer science: cache invalidation and naming things" is intended to be striking by putting naming things at the same level of difficulty as cache invalidation, while naming things might seem an easy problem… at first. The point of the quote is to be a warning on the fact that while cache invalidation is notoriously hard, naming things is hard too. I'm conflicted on omitting tags to make pages lighter. I'm sensitive to making things lighteight but I really do like the XHTML parser catching dumb errors that would be silent bugs in HTML. I also like the readability of a document where all closing tags are here. Some tricks can arguably make the code more readable (ommitting head and body) but some tricks require effort to understand if you are not used to them. We write code for human beings first. Maybe an HTML minimizer could be used if one wants to save bytes? If everybody settle on pure white on pure black or the reverse, I can choose the best contrast of my display for myself. Sites that use gray are annoying, and what's worse every sites doing that use a different gray. And if I use an OLED screen in a completely dark setting, your "not really black" is annoying too: there is more light coming to my eyes, and your website will be harder to read because of the lower contrast. Way more strain on my eyes, clearly. You work against me. Don't choose for me, you don't know my setting and how my eyes work. Fortunately, Dark Reader and Dark Background and Light text both do a good job of setting the right colors to webpages and are customizable. An extension working the same way to undo these arbitrary choices and to set the desired level of gray for a light background and a dark text would be nice. Setting the level of gray should not be the designer's choice, because each user is different in this respect. If someone is annoyed by a too big contrast, their screen is probably too bright and they can set it. If you as a designer try to solve this problem for me as a visitor, you are preventing me from solving this problem in the best possible way, once and for all, for every sites I visit. Please don't mess up with my contrast. I know some people don't know how to configure their display or even that this is a problem and bad display settings are what cause them headaches, but you won't this fix for them, and even may make the problem worse for some of them. Smaller contrasts are not compliant to the Web accessibility guidelines for a reason. Good thing that I have screens with sharp contrasts and good eyes though. Am I missing something? It has. Since it does not boot most of the time, you are going to shut down your computer and do other, meaningful things instead, like reading, writing, painting, hiking or hanging out. Install Linux and wasting time on HN and Facebook is a problem of the past. (I'm joking, I have been an happy user of the Linux desktop on laptops for many years) I remember reading that they also ran the benchmark in Germany and got similar results when first reading about this here on hn. Anyway, it suffice to use gitlab, github, bitbucket and sourcehub for a few seconds to notice the slowness of the three first sites compared to the last one. We didn't really need the numbers to be convinced but I hope they will produce some pressure to be faster. I recently hit a reCAPTCHA while trying to edit a ticket on one of my projects hosted on Gitlab.com. Since I block reCAPTCHA, this was silently failing and I had to debug this. This prevented me to edit this ticket. This is bad. I initially chose Gitorious when I needed to share an open source project because it was free software. I've been transfered to Gitlab.com and was ok with this back then. But requiring me to run this piece of non free tracking malware and solve a captcha to manage my free software project, and worse, making me force this upon the contributors of my projects? This is bullshit. I know the Gitlab staff is on HN, so thank you for your amazing software and for the free hosting, but be aware that this is making me move as soon as possible and actively discourage people from using Gitlab.com. ReCAPTCHA is not OK. Never. Cloudflare made the move [1]. Will you? [1] https://blog.cloudflare.com/moving-from-recaptcha-to-hcaptch... Nice! Thanks for your reply. I will take a look. I which good luck to the GitLab team against spam. Besides, the parent never said that PHP was restricted to being mixed with HTML, they just said that it was possible. The contradiction of this is technically incorrect. Spread the word. The more we are saying this, the more developers will think "We have a problem, but reCAPTCHA is not a solution for this problem. reCAPTCHA spies on our users and makes them waste their time, while our first goal is to respect them. I support people who run away from tracking and reCAPTCHA makes their lives miserable. We can't use this. And by the way, I myself hate checking road signs and shop fronts, I'm definitively not inflicting this curse to even a very small fraction of my users". My bank once required me to fill a reCAPTCHA to change my password. Yes, Google's tracking on my bank's website. I asked my financial adviser to reset my password for me to increase the cost of using reCAPTCHA for my bank. I told them it didn't work because of reCAPTCHA not working on my computer, which is actually true because I block it. My assumption is already that reCAPTCHA is not a solution. Your question would, then, be "Is there a solution". You may not agree and I respect this, but this is actually my point (and I don't have an answer to this question - I wish I had, though, and you have a point!). I wish that people stop thinking soon that reCAPTCHA is a solution at all . Then, it will open people to start thinking hard on this problem and hopefully find good solutions that fits their exact situation. There may not be one size fits all, but many good solution for each situation. We would not know without thinking. For people who care, it uses reCAPTCHA. I stopped there. Like in JavaScript, just don't use ==. It's broken but you don't have to use it. In C you can write i[t] instead of t[i], but don't do it. I guess it's true for many languages. These funny features don't prevent you from writing good code, especially if you enforce some coding styles that will catch any unintended use of these features. Blame PHP for what you can't do with it, or for things you don't like but are forced to do. For instance I like PHP but I cannot type things the way I'd like. It's getting better though. I don't like the inconsistencies in the function names of the standard library but the functions are often straightforward and very simple to use. And, above all, the doc is good. These aspects mean I don't waste time figuring out how to do simple things because of a complex interface involving many classes, despite the inconsistencies. I also don't like the dollar notation for variables but that's a matter of taste, nor the syntax for namespaces, nor the implicit declaration of variables (like in Python by the way). This is not a great substitute for installing through an app store because the app will not update automatically. This is, however, a great thing to have. A better substitute would be using F-Droid. By the way, some free software apps are not gratis on the Play Store but are on F-Droid. It can still be confusing to manage two app stores for some people, while installing an app from a downloaded executable is usual on Windows, so Krita probably did the right thing. Me too. Your comment perfectly nails it. I'd guess with a wet finger that it is learned: our brains probably look for clues to quickly assess the quality / trustworthiness of a document. This is why style is pretty important: it certainly affects a lot many people's perceptions. By the way, this is also why I used serious words like "brain" and "assess" and avoided typos: to make my comment look trustworthy. I had to put a front warning in terms of "wet finger" to lower that a bit though. The Hacker News style and context already make it feel far too scientific already. For texts like in your link, I automatically expect they are written in the 90s by some very clever person and when I find some that are from the 2000s or later, I think "wow, this is actually new!". What would be your impression with such a text written in Comic Sans? I would probably be completely lost I think. I am paying 13€/mo for 600M down, 60M up, unlimited (France). The plan is actually 1Gb but this cannot be reached in my flat. But the Internet is slow and/or unreliable in many places in the country side, when available at all. We are far from having these speed on average across the country. Well, not quite, because there are parts of CompCert that are not proven [1]: - Parsing, type-checking, and pre-simplifications - Assembling and linking And there have been bugs on edge cases there. Moreover, correctness is limited to what is specified. COQ does not guarantee that there are no missing specifications or theorems. The C standard is written in English, people had to manually encode the standard in COQ. [1] http://compcert.inria.fr/compcert-C.html Your project looks really cool. I am pretty sure I've seen a Python-based interactive shell a few years ago but I can't remember the name. Have you heard of it? Xonsh, that's it! Thanks to you and x1798DE, and to geophile for the attempt :-) I could not find the right keywords on two different search engines to find it. This never happens. Most browsers use the Mozilla public suffix list [1] that is frequently updated, and a new service can easily submit a new entry. This list is used for many different features. This list is necessary anyway, because you have top level domains that look like .co.uk, so you can't just split the domain name by dots and take the last component to determine the top level domain. So, not saying I unconditionally like the fact they are hiding important information in the URL bar, but I would not say their default behavior is that broken. [1] https://publicsuffix.org - probably the list being mentioned in the video linked by the parent commenter, I guess My 2018 joke has been implemented. > Or Gocker, an implementation of Docker in go... https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=16119842 Yes, of course, the same day :-) https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=16119712 One can use OsmAnd a bit like street view in places where Mapillary images are available. I've improved Trivabble, a libre network scrabble game. I built it 3 years ago for my grandmother so she could play with my mother and my sister, living in another area. It was still on, but I had more or less forgotten about it, and then I started to receive thank you emails at the beginning of the lockdown. That prompted be to invest a lot of time on it during the lockdown. I've seen many days with at least 100 games played during the lockdown, but I haven't set up proper monitoring for this. Now, people have been contributing to the project since then. Thanks to one of them, there is support for many languages now. https://gitlab.com/raphj/trivabble/ https://trivabble.1s.fr/demo/ (be gentle, this runs on a cheap VPS) I thought about making a chess and a checkers version. I made an experimental fork for the latter, and Lichess does the job for the former so I don't plan to make it happen for now. But the code would benefit from this work. You can add QuickJS [1] to the list, which outperforms many tiny JS interpreters. [1] https://bellard.org/quickjs/bench.html That would not be sufficient even with a mouse: sometimes, I start moving my mouse and then click on the result that has already moved before I even started moving the mouse, but the whole interaction takes less than one second so I don't have the time to react to the update. Graying out the results while the new one are coming can also be annoying: if the result that I am looking for is here and the new results are slow to come, I would be frustrated to be unable to click on it. The whole situation is annoying but I don't know of a good solution and therefore I can't blame people who don't get this right. I would not expect this. One of the main points of removing the old way of doing extensions was to stop allowing extensions to arbitrarily modify the browser's UI, which was difficult to maintain. All these apps could as well be using the clipboard content with good intent (no pun intended). But who knows apart from their respective developers? In 2020 it's still not a given that we should be allowed to review and read shit that's running on our machines, to at least check this kind of things. It's okay to be surrounded with black boxes everywhere that one cannot study if they wanted to. It's still not considered as a disrespectful and weird practice to not provide the source code with software being distributed. And people are not told they should expect software to come with everything possible to inspect what it does, to the community or themself can review it. If someone is not providing the source code because they fear that something bad will be discovered about it, or that the user will change something to better fit their needs, well something is wrong and is working against the user, especially if the software is gratis anyway. Providing source code could allow users to remove ads? Right, downloading, running and looking at ads is not something many users want to do, even if you consider that ads are legitimate. Give me the code already or I won't run your software because I can trust you on doing the right things and on fully help me out, otherwise you would not have problem providing the code. A case could be made for paid apps: obviously, making the code available could endanger the business model. But at the end of the day, the community and I cannot check that the app isn't doing anything shady if it is sold without its source code. Would I mind if an open source app read my clipboard content? No, because I can check that it's doing something useful for me. These useful features are simply not available to proprietary software without the risk of feeling creepy. Have you noticed how we are mistrustful against our everyday apps and relying operating system developers to cover our asses with complicated permission systems to compensate? This feel this is very wrong, doesn't it? (permission systems would be also useful in a world where every think is open source, though, that would be a defense against attacks. But that would not be a defense against legitimate software!) That would be the NC clause of the Creative Commons licenses. This is not free / open source software anymore though because you remove the right of redistributing the work or the derivative for a fee, which is arguably desirable for free software to foster. With such a license, you might prevent business models like the one of Red Hat, which also produce a great quantity of free software. So while they make money with your work, you can benefit from this with the availability of free software they built with this money. If you pick a copyleft license like the (A)GPL, it's right that you allow people to sell your software, but their customers will be able to require the source code under this license and will be able make it available to the world. Now there are loopholes like the one the company behind the GRSecurity project exploits. If anything here is not desirable, you'll probably want to use a more restrictive license than a FLOSS one, but be careful with all the possible side effect (people not wanting to use or contribute to a non-free software, licence incompatibility with libraries and the rest of the ecosystem, etc. It helps deciding on priority (bug fixes) or whether a package is worth maintaining or keeping in the distribution even if it costs time or prevent some (library) upgrades, improvements or refactorings that would break it. As a software writer, it motivates me to know that my software is used and that putting effort in maintaining it will help people. For instance, I made a small Firefox extension that requires regular updates by design. Seeing that it was installed on a hundred browsers has motivated me to maintain it. If it was just for me, I probably wouldn't have bothered so much even though this extension scratched a personal itch. As a user, I am a bit reluctant to being tracked so a balance must be found. Edit: the amount of downloads from the archives is not enough. Some packages are downloaded again and again by automated systems like continuous integration systems and a downloaded package can be uninstalled immediately and this would be imperfectly detected. Your last paragraph is very important. Approaching life like this makes things so much easier and enjoyable for me. An element that has: display: inline-block is inline outside, block inside. That is, the element is inline for the containing block, but its children feel like they are in a block. An inline-block element can be vertically aligned with respect to the baseline: it acts a bit like a character in a paragraph. That's why you can vertically center things using vertical-align:center on an inline-block element. At least, this is my intuition of inline-block, this comment is far from being normative. Or just disable Javascript. On Medium, you get a great experience doing this, because it disables what I call the "progressive degradation" strategy set up on Medium. This allows the "graceful enhancement" strategy to kick in. See how images and text render perfectly without JS. I've already said this here, but progressive degradation is a great strategy going like this: you start with a sane and nice baseline, and then add crap to that for supported browsers and configurations. You can be thankful to Medium for adopting this technique, because if everybody did that, you'd get a perfect Web by just blocking Javascript on anything that is supposed to be a freaking document. Please lobby for this. The team behind Medium might even be secretly doing this on purpose but don't tell their boss. Sure. Download the APK from the F-Droid website [1] and install it with adb install. If you want to build it yourself, you can build it like any regular Android app with gradle, or by following the F-Droid recipe [2] (edit: which does not provide much useful information in the case of NewPipe, but it can be a great source of information for apps that are more difficult to build, especially if you want to remove the proprietary bits / tracking parts). You won't get automatic updates, though. I encourage you to install F-Droid (that you can also install using adb install), and enable third party sources just for F-Droid (which is possible on the latest versions of Android). Or, if your bootloader is unlocked, flash the f-droid zip package and then you don't even need to enable third party apps and F-Droid will be even more enjoyable to use. [1] https://f-droid.org/en/packages/org.schabi.newpipe/ [2] https://gitlab.com/fdroid/fdroiddata/tree/master/metadata/or... Even in a world where Apple does not prevent YouTube alternative clients in its app store, it would probably prevent alternative clients for its own services. Or, an app that would go as far as doing such deviant things as providing its own custom web engine and allow an iPad 2 to remain relevant and useful in 2020. Ah but then it does not work as a mnemonic anymore! I'm kidding. Thanks, TIL I learned that with now have display-inside and display-outside (and flow[-root]). This makes perfect sense. Finally, even, I'd say. Having a property that defines both the behaviors of an element outside and inside without being able to define these behaviors separately was both strange and limiting. I'm happy I even used the terms that have been chosen to speak about these notions in CSS by chance. How do you track all these useful additions to CSS conveniently though? I can't rely on random comments on HN to learn about them by chance (no offense intended to your valuable comment btw, being random is perfectly fine). I also can't possibly systematically learn about each and every addition neither. Are there resources addressing this? Exactly. The ota was not yet updated to support android 10 last time I checked and paths have changed. Thank you very much :-) This one does not get old. Do you have a link? I found this: "I'm never going to escape that thread, am I?" "Neither am I!" https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3997625 You are being downvoted because nobody in their right mind would start the name of such a function by a capital. It would immediately get associated to the Windows API. ;-) I haven't really coded for love, but (partly) by love. At different points in time: - I have developed things that I imagined them using - I have developed things they would see (but were not the only target. e.g. a website, or a tool that would be used by the team we were both part of) - I have developed things as part of an activity they were also part of (e.g. a tool used in the same association) Each time, it provides very powerful motivation to make things right, easy to use, beautiful, or straight up keep on working on things. In any case, the code was not specifically targeted for these people. This also can works for friends, family and other people you love, even if it's not Love. For instance, my last project was meant to watch series with my sister while we were at a different location [1]. I don't recommend using it though, I've since discovered [2], which probably does a better job for this and works in the same way. Try to imagine people you love using your stuff while you are building them. It helps motivate getting things right and to keep going, at least for me. But it worked and allowed us to have good laughs. - [1] https://framagit.org/raphj/mpris-sync - [2] https://syncplay.pl/ Apart from looking like the usual math notation, this "boilerplate" is like punctuation in natural languages: it helps recognize and scan things fast. In many languages, you both start sentences with capital letters and end them with a dot. A bit redundant, right? But probably much easier and faster to parse. Many people put non-necessary parentheses in their mathematical expressions to help readers (and themselves!) understand them more easily. Sure, they could be left out, but this is not an optimization for the reader. In your example, your version looks cleaner, but I find more complicated expressions far more readable with parentheses, brackets and all that stuff present in the second version. This is between angle brackets? This is a type! I don't have to parse the whole expression to infer this. Expressions written with this "redundant" syntax are seekable. You don't need to read the whole book to pick the one thing you need to know and get on with your life. Redundancy also helps remove doubts on whether something is an error or is intended in complicated cases (good things these languages are strongly typed though, it helps a lot). At the end of the day, it's all a matter of taste and habits. Would math be usually written in an Haskell-like syntax, probably almost everybody would find it easy to read and beautiful. It's not, and therefore this kind of syntax probably (almost) only pleases people who are into these languages (because they've got used to it) and represents yet another obstacle for outsiders. I'd actually bet that this plays a role in the fact these languages are not more widely adopted. They make them look unreadable at first impression and people move on. It probably even prevent people from contributing to projects written in these languages. This is bad. I've been able to fix things written in languages I didn't know, but Haskell would probably be hard just because of its syntax, which is unfortunate. On the other hand, it's good to see and develop new / alternative ideas, including on syntax matters. The indentation-sensitive part is probably not a big issue though, Python does well :-) It does look weird to the foreign eyes, because it looks nothing like what you may encounter in your life when learning a natural language or math. As a consequence, this notation cannot leverage any intuition at all. You need to learn the syntax. Nothing is explicit and helps you guess if you haven't. It is telling that this is "just a typed api with 3 routes". Somebody who haven't learned all the specific bits of Haskell (or, for that matter, specific bits of this program that may be overloading strange operators to define routes) won't even start to guess that it's defining routes. They can guess it is defining an API, thanks to the words used at the beginning of the snippet. And even though you told us that it's defining a route, I cannot figure out what it is really doing. It is just not clear. So, yes, it looks like a mess for the foreign eye. I have no doubt it looks straightforward as soon as you learn Haskell and practice a bit. Mainstream languages also look gibberish for people who haven't learned programming though. That's also something that we have to humbly keep in mind while, as foreigners who practice other programming languages, we discuss the syntax of Haskell. My point of view is: - make it easy to write and to read at the expense of having complexity in the parser / implementation. Programs (or documents) are written and read a lot of times, it's worth optimizing, as long as it does not make the implementation unmaintainable. I'm saying that as a writer of several manually crafted parsers. - avoid ambiguities in the grammar at all cost. They just suck for every party involved. As for indentation vs braces to delimit blocks, I practice both and don't really have any preference. I've noticed editors auto fixing Python indentation while copy-pasting. I think VSCode does it, so it's definitively a solvable problem :-) (I've disabled this feature in my main editor for a long time though, so I'm used to hit Tab/Shift+Tab as many times as needed when pasting) Mainstream languages probably look very verbose, clunky and ugly to many people who like Haskell-like syntaxes more. I feel this way when looking at a Pascal code. But they have to keep in mind that this verbosity is a feature and they should not act surprised that many people like it. This verbosity makes many things explicit, and I'll not be the first to think that "Explicit is better than implicit". Conciseness is also a feature, though. Well, I would not know how to parse the mathematical formula `f g h x` without context and I would not have naturally read it as a function application. Function applications in math are usually written with parentheses and commas, except when explicitly using the lambda calculus notation or defining a specific syntax, which you don't have to do when using the usual syntax which you refer to as the one somebody encounters in high school, and which is also used in computer science and mathematics papers. You are right on the fact that it's usual to define arbitrary operators in maths. It's also usual in math to use single letters, including Greek letters, for function names and constants or parameters, and this is fine in mathematical formulas or texts, when there are not too many of them and when there are explained next to the formula, but that would be a nightmare in a code base. Ever read a program written by a physicist, who translated their formula into a program, without having the "source"? Weird operators are a feature when writing maths, but could be a code smell in a program. Unlike an academic paper, we have space, and we have auto-completion. Give me a proper, readable, easy to understand name, unless your operator is really omnipresent (it's a great thing we don't have to spell out +, ×, or - of course). > It is not obvious that the kind of elementary algebraic notation one might encounter in high school is the best fit for programming which tends to deal with totally different things. Indeed. What I am saying is that if you don't use this notation, it will probably feel less intuitive to many people because what they are used to is this algebraic notation we learn in high school. The Haskell notation might be more apt (and I definitely see its strengths). However, the opposite is also true, so this is not really an argument: I have not found any real drawback to this notation after years of using it in my programs. This syntax do not feel verbose to me so the Haskell notation does not solve any problem I have. I agree. No need to be hyperbolic. These titles literally kill me. I find NetSurf's source code beautiful and quite easy to read and follow, and straightforward. I am impressed. It's like the pure version of "makes sense". It's also split into independent libraries that can be used outside of NetSurf, which make them useful on their own, and NetSurf very modular. If I had to implement something that requires a feature implemented in a browser, I'd seriously consider one of them. Especially their CSS parser and engine. I really recommand to have a look at the code. I don't see many people speaking about code they find good. I'd appreciate this. Pointing out bad code is usual, but good ones? My comment may seem exagerated but that retranscribes very well how I felt when I discovered this code. Often, I'm overwhelmed by the code tree of medium to big-sized projects, with many abstractions and complicated folder structures. This is a browser and yet it was easy to figure out where to find the parts I was interested in and to understand what the code did. Now, one can always find problems and discuss about the lack of gotos or arrays, but if as a complete outsider I can navigate and understand the code, and even feel that I could hack it quite easily with no documentation, something must be right with it. I'm not in any way connected to the project, I don't even use this browser (sadly, it is too impractical). Maybe with signal-cli? (Java) https://github.com/AsamK/signal-cli Can you elaborate? It is built with a fork of a library written by the Signal team. This fork is not upstreamed because moxie does not like the code iirc, but afaik he did not come to the project and tell them to stop like he did for LibreSignal. The Asus Zenfone 2, released 5 years ago, ran on x86 (Intel Atom) [1]. I know someone who was still using it this year Eventually switched but the phone still works. So, to the question: > Is there a phone on the planet that doesn't run ARM? Well, technically, yes ;-) This does not change anything to your point though. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Asus_ZenFone#Second_generation... Maybe upping the limit required some changes in the way some things are handled in the code. Therefore, the limit would not be arbitrary, but a consequence of how SQLite is written. Or the authors want to provide some guaranties and upper limits are set according to what is known to work / tested. I'd be interested in knowing the actual answer to your question though. edit: the actual answer is in the sibling comment, ah ah. Right? Better have several of those, bought from different vendors at different times, to handle the backups! It depends on the size of the eggs though. With 1 PB drives will probably come 3D 360° wat K videos in which you can take a walk, and video games. These videos will be downloaded from your crappy rural TB connection by the way. Web pages will still be slow as fuck to load, like today, because we will have figured out that downloading the entire NPM registry several times per page load is easier than taking the time to bundle the dependencies, and optimizing image and video size will be considered as a premature optimization that nobody does anymore. This seems to contradict the fact that Netflix needs to pay the 30% tax for subscriptions done from the iOS app, though it seems like core functionality to me. I am very much used to alt+left arrow to navigate back, in the unlikely case you were not aware of this shortcut and if you would like to drop this extension for whatever reason. This is not a simple redirection. cmd So, this should work :-) Yep! Zsh supports a lot of bashisms :-) It won't work in dash though, and you should not use this in a shell that targets POSIX. I just wrote a parser in TypeScript that parses itself (for fun, and not quite done yet). Precedence and associativity is a painful aspect of parsing JavaScript… and probably C, Java and many programming languages that look like C. It took me a non negligible part of the time to think about how to handle this. With the presence of infix, suffix and prefix operators, and weird operators like new…(), ? … : …, and a lot of rules and exceptions, it's a lot of fun (for instance, yield is an operator in JavaScript. It takes an optional expression. However, 1 + yield is forbidden…). The grammar of JavaScript expressions is… not simple. And then, you have Automatic Semicolon Insertion, which forces you to backtrack and snapshot / restore the lexer state when consuming white characters EVERYWHERE (well, not literally everywhere, but still) because things may behave differently if there is a new line. And of course, new lines cannot happen in some constructs (there are a few exceptions to the general behavior of ASI), so you need to take care of this too. And then you have the comma operator that is allowed in some places taking an expression (especially in older constructs, and disallowed in other places (especially in newer constructs). So you need to handle this too. Parsing the rest is easy. It's just that there are a lot of things in the language so it's a bit long to write. Indeed, I wrote it by hand, the naive way.