>To be honest, I am having a hard time finding people to talk about this stuff with. Hi man, I get you. I recently had a long vacation break and started reading lots of things that had in the 'someday' queue. I'm fascinated by all of that but have absolutely no one to talk to about it (they're related to what you wrote, like Ellul). We should get along, drop me an email at alex@ .com ML is the new way to refer to old-school methods such as regression, statistical inference, etc. "Our mission is to organize the world’s information and make it universally accessible and useful." "[REDACTED]'s mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together." "Our mission is to be Earth's most customer-centric company." "[REDACTED]'s mission is to bring transportation—for everyone, everywhere." Yeah, I do not know why but I do not feel very inspired by those ... Not at all. A few months ago I started being extremely pragmatic in everyday life (even against my will which is usually not like that). Things like, say no if you want to say no, answer emails immediately with a sentence at most, find the fastest way to get something done etc... Now I have a lot of time on my hands to do whatever I want, that includes spending the day studying or pondering things which I believe greatly increased the potential of my imagination. Find things that you like and do them, weed out everything else. If you can't shake some of those away, find the most practical way to get rid of them. Good idea in principle, however, did you even try to run a test before releasing it to the public? For a particular term I get the following words having "positive" sentiments: boycott, punishment, greed, backlash, protesters, damaging, upset. How in hell is that positive? Didn't knew Elon was behind this as well. "Close your eyes, honey" Expired SSL. Buterin's attention to detail is why I trust Ethereum so much. Very good idea I love it! I foresee and amazing future for you, just don't give up, keep it going for as long as you can. Cheers! From 2014 to around 2018 I was part of a team that was heavily invested into bringing these concepts to reality. What we accomplished was amazing and I still use some of them tools day-to-day, unfortunately we had to stop. What I wanted to share is that it was extremely hard (and ultimately impossible for us) to accrue a critical mass of people that is willing to use these things AND pay for them. We reached a few hundred paying customers; but we were 6 guys working on this full-time, so that means salaries and overall we were losing money like nothing else. That aside, I would do it again if I could, particularly now that the "standard tools" of the internet have become useless with time. Example, Google never gives me what I want anymore and they're removing the URLs now from the results (why?). If someone reads this and want to kickstart some kind of "internet renaissance" with me, you can reach me here: alex@ .com >An executable file in itself is not malicious Petty crimes can exponentially escalate if some particular aggravants are present. Example: 1. Steal something from a store. 2. Bring a gun. 3. Show it. 4. Discharge it. 5. Injure someone. 6. Kill someone. Each of these things make your punishment much harsher, even if your initial thing was to just steal a chocolate bar (1). Of course! That's pretty much the point of supercomputing. You would be impressed to know the proportion of Master/PhD students who are, in that sense, literal computers. >Check these 4,000 pictures and count the number of green dots you see, store it in an excel table. If you see more than five, send me an email immediately. >Put a 1 on it, then run it, then put a 2 on it and run it, then put a 3 on it and run it, go on until you reach 10,000. When you are done calculate positives/total and infer a p-value. If it is lower than or equal to 0.05, you're done, if it isn't continue until you reach 100,000. If it still higher than 0.05, we'll get you another PhD project. >From the set {a, b, c, d, e, f, g ... z or more} pick two, run the experiment with those, document the result. Pick another two and continue until you exhaust all the possibilities. And the list goes on ... I know the author is well intended and in the end it's her opinion after all. But many of the points she raises are naive when viewed from the point of view of someone who is inside academia. Someone going through a PhD could write a wildly different opinion. In the end it's opinions all the way down, but if you want to "re-imagine" this whole thing you need to start with a much broader vision. >They did the work No, they didn't. If you think so, then any consultant writing whitepapers for McKinsey, PWC or whatever should have a PhD as well. I'm not diminishing their effort or implying their content is not as interesting but a (serious) PhD is about the experience of doing the PhD. I know it sounds weird, but that's the best way I could put it in words. On this line, shoutout to Vultr for their support. Just today I opened a ticket with a relatively simple technical issue. I got a reply in 5 minutes ... yes 5 minutes, I couldn't believe it. My business with them so far is worth about 2 dollars, they will get many more from me, for sure! Hello 1hakr and congratulations! I was looking at your open startups page (love the initiative) and if you show the pageviews for the last year, you can see everything flat and then it pretty much explodes in December. What is the reason for this? Was this the ProductHunt feature? I hate being negative but this article, despite its good intent, just tries to force some very shallow abstractions to the point where it's ridiculous ... On the first example of levels, it's funny that 'guys that can eat where they want' are on the same level (3) as 'billionaries'. Then goes on with the very old (and wrong) belief that for a high net worth individual 50K is chump change and equivalent to a normal guy throwing away a dollar ... Then the "improved" levels do not really make sense as levels: travel freedom can be much more than expensive than house freedom, for sure!; also, one could engage in a philantrophic cause without belonging at the absolute peak of wealth. Another one is how at the highest level in his chart, he uses the expression "What are prices?", implying that people at the highest bracket just do not look at price tags anymore. Honestly, plenty of rich people live fairly frugal lives, while on the other end plenty of people at the bottom spend in a lot of things without thinking twice about the cost and its impact on their lives. And then there is no advice on how to actually climb such arbitrarily defined ladder ... Huh? What's the point of deploying AI with the same shortcomings as humans? >From a machine-parsing perspective PDF files are a nightmare. Can someone with experience care to explain why? Does it have to do with each letter having an absolute position on the document? I have no clue, to be honest. Embrace, extend, extinguish. It's the 90s all over again. Did you do it? More details on why this advice would have worked for you? >it's not very fun Sorry to hear that other people's lives get in the way of your idea of 'fun'. Huh? Well, could you provide an example of your idea of having 'fun' while in a car? Funny that both Honor and Seismic seem like good deals from a quick skim. Both have established their products and markets clearly, pull on decent revenue, have been growing continuously, no scandals, no weird CEOs, nothing illegal, no "break it till you make it" attitude. They are both on sectors which are extremely profitable and whose customers' churn rate is relatively low. SoftBank: Nah, I think I'll pass. Whoops, so long with the "no bullshit" policy. I stopped using them a while ago but for a different reason. I used to use their website to check availability/whois for domains that I was interested in buying. If it was available I didn't buy it at the time but until I finished the website/app whatever I was going to put there, this took me a few months obviously. It happened to me that when I was finally ready the domain had already been sold to someone else. This repeated five times during six or so years. Now, I know, "someone else could have thought the same thing" but I find it very hard to believe that it happens so often. These domains were a bit of niche words that were not hot topics at the time, some of them using fairly uncommon TLDs (like .one). Another weird thing is that they were always registered to someone living/or doing business at India, and it was a fairly simple landing page with a "contact me" link. I'm a bit superstitious so I don't think it was a coincidence. Now, I don't think this is a GANDI problem per se, but my theory is that they share this information (who is looking for which domains) with marketers or something like that, or maybe it was a rogue employee trying to make some money squatting domains. I would have expected this from BigDaddy or similar sharks, but from a company whose motto is "no bullshit" I had much better hope. Anyway, I decided to move (to namecheap if you're wondering) and surprisingly the problem went away. Nice to know I'm not the only one! :D >I recently saw a talk by Atwood ... Interesting, if you could share a link or some other source me and my dinner would appreciate it :) Thank you! s/after/before/ A testimony on how hard it is to compete in a red ocean. Ten years, big growth and still barely a dent on Google's share. But I hope you get there someday. Congratulations to the team behind this! Points of view ... for me the simplest explanation seems to be one linked to the other. The good news is that we are rational and able to find explanations based on evidence. Let's see what comes out in a few weeks. How do they know it's one single atom instead of a small bunch of them? Any insight into why? I didn't know about this. (Haven't changed my desk ever while working somewhere) IMHO assuming a 2% rate this early is a bit disingenuous. This due to the 8,288 confirmed cases not having registered an outcome yet . If you look at people cured vs. people dead, the picture looks much worse, but yeah a lot of variables still come into play (they were prob. the most vulnerable, they were the first ones so treatment may not have been the best, etc.). What a nice way to add to the conversation ... If you have something substantial to post, then do it, otherwise please respect the guidelines of this site ... This is more or less the thing with "Category Theory". Very fancy and neatly structured code but in the end you accomplish pretty much the same; and now nobody on the team understands a bit about what you're doing. It's more like: "Why would we use a framework that nobody understands but you, to accomplish the same stuff a few SQL statements can do?" The former option never wins. Nice preconceptions, they truly add to your argument. CT brings nothing new to the table in terms of "now we can do X that we couldn't do otherwise". If you can provide an example to prove its usefulness, please do. Funny thing is that every time it comes down to "just show me" the hand-waving and "you wouldn't get it" begins. Things that work speak for themselves. >you're scoffing at something you don't understand Actually ... I was also very excited by the promise of CT a few years ago and since then I have read a lot about it and I'm quite confident "I understand" what I'm talking about. I've been programming for about 20 years, half of them with functional languages (or languages with first-class functional constructs: lisp, haskell, scala). I have read the most famous books on CT touching on programming, some of them are signed as I have spent my own money going to some CT conferences and meeting with the people there. As a conclusion, I don't mean that CT is useless in itself. It definitely is a nice mathematical framework and has proven a great tool for a few things here and there in different areas of math. But in the context of computer science, as I said it before, it does not bring anything new to the table. (You beat me to it for a few minutes.) I second this, my work is 10 minutes away cycling, city centre is also about 10 walking. I know that not everyone has this privilege but it really puzzles me how most of my neighbors own (and use) cars to perform pretty much the same commute. Taking money out of context for a bit, when I used to own cars they also took a significant amount of time and attention from me. I know it may not be for everybody but switching to bike+bus+walk has been a liberating experience for me as well. A soundcha ? >there would already be much more deaths than there is now Why? People can be sick for quite some time (in this case, a month, maybe?) and then ultimately die from the disease, this is actually like ... the most common scenario ... I have been unpleasantly surprised by how much people struggle to understand this simple concept. Recovered / (recovered+death) is how you do it. It's common sense, come on ... >If you reply to any one of my other posts I definitely will request his aid to moderate. BACK OFF. Wow. I agree with you that the correct answer is "we have to wait more". And it's been almost 10 years since that. Like CRT's, plasma's burn in, but you cannot buy a new set of eyes. Nice "joke". You could get in real trouble for this, though. >Even more fun? You know who owns that yacht now? DJT. Any reference on that? >also play a huge role in automatic differentiation Could you extend more on how GA plays a role in this? I wish to learn more but don't know where to start. Any leads would be appreciated greatly. I have to ask, who is behind Pioneer? Looks very interesting, I would submit a project or two :D >No. Poverty is a lack of education and, more importantly, mentorship. Privilege is invisible, or so they say. This is an extremely short-sighted approach to trying to find an explanation to poverty. It is also a lazy excuse to avoid thinking more, because it leads to a conclusion like "... hence why they're poor. That's it." I hope one day you have the (mis?)fortune of living under precarious conditions, then you could judge by yourself if your preconceived notions are actually in agreement with what you will experience. And then we will see how long it takes you to "stop being poor", it shouldn't be long right?, as you, presumably, already know how to avoid making the kind of "poor decisions" that makes people stay in that situation. Edit: Check out this comic and see if it opens up your mind a bit. https://www.rnz.co.nz/news/the-wireless/373065/the-pencilswo... This point comes out from time to time, I do not agree with it at all. If history has showed us something, is that great people come from all sorts of backgrounds and situations, and that includes all sorts of families of course! >It won't happen man, don't worry ;) Fast forward a few years, ICANN v2.0 Proper math. It's also easier than you think, even a year of (casual but) serious study will open up your vision and make you feel extremely more confident with your work. I don't like giving you a vague answer to this but math is truly vast so it depends a lot on what you're doing. Tell me more and I could give you more suggestions. In my particular case, I started with Linear Algebra and that led me to some Applied Geometry and now I'm reading some (basic) things about Topology as well. I've also read a lot about Category Theory, in part thanks to HN as it keeps surfacing here often. Hey it's nice to see this here, I just got in last week, I'm the one with the "remote adoption" (for pets!) platform, something I wanted to do for quite some time but never found the right motivation. If Daniel or partners come here, I have a bit of (unsolicited) feedback: When you join late it's easy to feel like no matter what you do you will not be able to reach the top 50% just because of first-mover advantage. Perhaps you could try a dynamic where even latecomers have a good chance as well. Also, it would be good to be able to see all your historical activity within the site, as well as some kind of chart on how has your score been growing through time. I keep this in a notebook, but you could do it for all of us with a few lines of code ... Last but not least, it would be very cool if you could show the complete leaderboard, not just the ones above/below you. This is the main criticism I've seen here and there directed towards the scores on the site being manipulated. If you make this transparent, the problem will go away. >We want to make sure that companies don't offer lower salaries to immigrants, blacks, women etc. What? If anything, that would be an argument IN FAVOR of public salaries ... You're right. I kind of messed up the message. "It's easy, we only need 10% of the total economic output of California" Whew ... Category theory is fine but won't give you "anything new". I wasted a lot of time and money as plenty of big names were praising it (e.g. John Baez) so I followed them on a few conferences/talks. In the end, it's a nice theoretical framework to think about how to structure your code but that's it. If you do want to get involved (and, like me, are coming from a computational background) the book from Bartosz (i.e. the guy from the post) tells you enough to get a good overview of the thing; it's also available for free online. A second recommendation, a bit odd maybe, do not waste your time trying to engage with that community as most people there are incredibly smug and toxic (but if you don't believe me feel free to try it, ymmv). They are now pushing this idea that they're 'opening' the field to everybody and would like as much people to jump on their bandwagon, but they are just trying to get some traction to keep leeching off grants, etc... they couldn't care less about you, I experienced this first-hand. You can learn most of these things on your own anyway, as it is usual with most mathy things. I don't disagree with the premise of the post, when the time comes math will save your ass, for sure. Now, what works? As you mentioned linear algebra and some intermediate statistics would greatly improve your chances. I would drop some geometry as well, geometry has an inherent 'visual/spatial' feeling to it but try to learn it in such way that you become familiar of dealing with it in a completely abstract way. Regarding this, I have noticed a small surge in interest for clifford algebras, geometric algebras, etc... if you have the time pay attention to it, there are some greats talks about it on youtube and this one has an amazing community that I would definitely recommend to engage with. Also interesting to read about, some other algebras that are defined mathematically and are at the foundation of CS, things like lambda calculus come to mind. You don't have to become an expert on these fields to start seeing the benefits. Just build of the habit of reading about one or two topics per week, what they do, how they do it, and before you know a year has gone by and you will feel much more confident in your skills. Anything that requires more attention will naturally drag you to it. Finally, this guy Robert Ghrist is amazing (really!) https://www.math.upenn.edu/~ghrist/ , check him out as well, his talks and other content. He also wrote a book on applied topology (free online as well) which is amazing. Even if you don't understand anything about it, give it a quick skim to have an idea of all the incredible things math can you do for you that you could not have imagined existed! Funny coincidence, I just got hold of this book today. I know corona is a thing now, but it was inside a big box of old books I picked up from a friend's house so it was kind of unrelated. Nice to see it here :) Location: Guadalajara, México. Remote: Yes Willing to relocate: Probably, yes Technologies: Very deep knowledge of Node.js and the JS ecosystem (libuv, V8, NaN, ...); C/C++; HPC and CUDA; Scientific Visualization; Math (good w/ Linear Algebra and a love for Geometry and Topology) and a background in Genomics and Bioinformatics. CV: https://moralestapia.com/CV.pdf Email: hn @ moralestapia.com Hi! I checked the details of the job and I think I may be valuable for you, CV is at https://moralestapia.com/CV.pdf Only issue I can think about is that I followed the C/C++ path rather than the Python one. Not that I'm not good w/ Python, but my main strength is C/C++, MPI, CUDA and things of the like. I have a good background with math and formal training in genomics and bioinformatics, so that's always a good thing. I'd be interested in working with you, but I don't know if I am suited for your plans, let me know. You can write me at hn @ moralestapia.com Best wishes. >What makes you think that FB/G don't have the power here? They also risk losing that entire market as well. Let's be honest, nobody loves F or G. If a decent competitor stands up people will gladly switch, even more if they market it as "by Australians for Australians". SV companies are big and great and all that, but to think they are above state jurisdictions is delusional. Your input is great but it begs the question: why, then, isn't production being shut down during this time? Sure, but, >Do solo or small shop vst plugin developers make any money? I love/hate these kind of projects. On one hand they give amazing suggestions and prove useful to small scale devs like me and others coming here. On the other hand, a few weeks from now most of them will be snatched by squatters, essentially rendering them useless for small scale devs like me and others coming here. It is a great tool nonetheless, thanks for sharing it! It's not a "requirement" but by policing/editing content (other than what is explicitly illegal) you open yourself to a whole new set of obligations/liabilities that no one really wants to deal with. IANAL but an example could be: Someone posts a pirate ebook on their facebook profile. They can hide behind the "yeah but it was the user" harbor. vs. Someone posts a pirate ebook on a facebook profile, facebook staff thinks it's cool and puts it on a special themed section called "Pirate picks from today". They will be in trouble. >You're wrong. Stop spreading misinformation. Be a bit more tolerant of other people's point of view. Anyway, I think you are misinterpreting the intention of that sentence. It basically means that, in principle, the behavior of being a "provider or user of an interactive computer service" does not imply that it is "the publisher or speaker of any information provided [...]". But that does not exempt them from potentially being the actual publisher, and all the rights/obligations that go with it. Trivial example: Someone publishing its work on the web (hence becoming a "user of an interactive computer service") does not imply that they lose copyright; even though they "shall [not] be treated as the publisher or speaker of any information provided [...]". Again, IANAL, but I read a lot of copyright, safe harbor law, DCMAs, etc... and it goes like that. >Social media websites do not fall under any kind of "publisher" obligation No one said they did. But also Section 230 does not imply that they're exempt of that, in the case they become such a thing. And remember that those rights/obligations are acquired the moment they are exercised. Consider the following: Twitter (the platform), on its official twitter account (on their own platform) decides to publish something which has legal repercussions. Are they exempt of them because of that statement on Section 230? No, not at all. I believe that you and root_axis ( https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23331051 ) confusion arises from the lack of understanding of how Section 230 applies. From your own quoted source: "A defendant must satisfy each of the three prongs to gain the benefit of the immunity: 1. [...] 2. [...] 3. The information must be "provided by another information content provider," i.e., the defendant must not be the "information content provider" of the harmful information at issue." The moment you create your own content (even if you are a content provider yourself) you lose the protection of Section 230 over that. Editing/policing content is, in most cases, akin to creating content. You cannot make a list of "staff picks" and then claim that the content comes from other sources. Putting that list together (even if you're just quoting somebody else) is equivalent to an action of creation, you are the creator of that list. You chose what to put in it and what to exclude. You ARE the original creator of this and Section 230 does not apply for you. I don't know about "they" and "the guy". I was just explaining why, in general, content providers prefer to stay of trouble ... >[..., but] Twitter didn't do this. I was talking in a broad sense. I never accused or defended twitter of doing anything. Please stop making such weak strawmans. Regarding the rest of your arguments, you're basically agreeing with me with a different set of words. I am glad you got the point :). You got the point! Meaning that the statement by eanzenberg: >"As they move into a “publisher” role, they will be liable in count (sic)." Is not wrong. At least not over what concerns Section 230. To paraphrase and summarize the whole discussion: "As they move into a “publisher” role, Section 230 will not exempt them from what they do." $100,000 (!) Props to Apple for raising the bar on bounties! Well then ... A friend of mine was driving home up 101. There was a large boat sitting in her lane. She thought her brain was playing tricks on her but eventually figured out there was actually a boat sitting on the highway. She was able to avoid the boat. That's the problem with rumors. Yes and no, if you were driving based on a stream of fixed, low-res, low-framerate video you would definitely crash more often than you do now. You're also disregarding the (hugely important) role of other senses like sound and stuff like "I saw a bike coming from the right 10 seconds ago, where should it be now?". >the kinds of things that qualify as weird have definitely shifted Weird to think about what is considered 'weird' now, actually. For instance, more people have distanced from me after I politely tell them that "I don't do drugs" than any other thing I can think of. I honesty don't get it, but yeah, the standards by which people are judged have varied greatly with time. >Have you ever tried {insert recreational drug here}?? You're missing out, etc. Yeah I get that a lot. I get what you're saying and, incidentally, you made a pretty good point, "People distance from you because they don't want to be judged as weird themselves ..." Isn't this, more or less, always the case? The way I see it is some sort of 'tribal' instinct, us vs. them, kind of thing. The norms that define inclusion/exclusion from the group could change everyday. I find it frustrating and honestly quite sad how many people cannot get past this issue, and how many good relationships and opportunities never take off because of this barrier. Does anyone know of something like this but with editable cells? >Insurance is NOT a financial instrument. Insurance is supposed to be a safety mechanism that protects you if something bad happens. You will have an unpleasant surprise ... Sorry but two wrongs don't make a right. >It would be so expensive that you could cut the budget in half and just...go to the moon. Not even close. Very nice read, thanks. It made me recall a nice memory as well. A while ago we (me and some friends) were helping out in some hurricane struck area. We were basically cleaning and throwing away stuff. In one house there was a Disklavier that was ruined and almost completely covered with mud. We asked the owners if we could keep it and they were like 'sure yeah just take it from here'. We spent a good month just playing with it, taking out everything, then trying to put it back together. Aside from the physical keys, nothing was salvageable but it was a very fun experience. I did but didn't know how good they were until pretty much now that I read your comment :D. I remember I was overall impressed by the quality of everything, even on things that nobody would ever see. Your comment sent me into a rabbit hole where I didn't knew the Disklaviers were capable of measuring and recording release velocity. That made me look up which MIDI controllers do the same and turns out I have one that does (Axiom Pro), and since I'm a music nerd now I'm using that on some software synths (and want to learn the proper technique for playing with it, which will take me months probably). Thanks! >Grime music To each his own, I gave it a try and couldn't stand it >Self-hosting This may not be the future but I really want it to become true and am willing to devote significant money and time to make it a reality. If anyone wants to join me feel free to reach me via email. You read my mind, ilolu. Lately, I've had so much time in my life that I've been literally coding out of boredom. I am a great engineer with 15+ years of experience doing hundreds of different things. I do not need money. I need to feel, once again, that I have made the impossible, possible. If you wish to get in touch send me an email to hn @ .com. I leave it here from time to time and a few folks have decided to write back. One day, hopefully, we could be a community of sorts. (Audio/DSP) plugins are a tricky thing, it is not uncommon for some of them to have assembly or processor specific instructions to squeeze out as much performance as possible. Your 'budget' in this domain is limited to only a few milliseconds ... You are currently sending the shadiest verification email I ever encountered. Hard to define the null hypothesis on this one, to be honest ... >This is the Zune of phones to me. The Zune was a great device yo. From the slides, >5 turning points of SoftBank >1981 Big bet after one month of business foundation >1983 Fight against illness >1994 IPO, ventured into US >2001 Start broadband business >2006 Acquired Vodafone KK Lol, what about the one-in-a-lifetime investment opportunity in Alibaba, which they took probably by chance, and pretty much MADE the modern SoftBank. >It is normal to decline the business of people you don't want to do business with. Wait what? I would love to hear your take on this then, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Masterpiece_Cakeshop_v._Colora... A comment on the side, >JavaScript Date is broken in ways that cannot be fixed without breaking the web. I really dislike the arrogant tone that many "new" people employ when talking about some "old" thing they are trying to "improve". (Quotes are there to indicate sarcasm). Date is not 'broken', it may just not do whatever the author wishes it did; it is not 'broken' in the sense of failing to perform its intended function adequately. I hope people could change their ways and be a bit more decent in general. Aside from that, I welcome the new API as I think it would be an improvement over what we have now. >I used to stay awake at night because it was finally quiet enough that I could concentrate. Same here, particularly during a time when I was living in a noisy apartment building. It was particularly difficult for me as I didn't to take sleeping pills since I'm a bit against those things. >Whoever cracks this particular nut without headphones and manages to create a bubble of 2 cubic meters or so that is silent from outside interference will make a lot of money. One of the first things when I got myself an RTX 2080, was learning how to use the ray tracing APIs to develop an idea similar to what you mention. I was using the rays to model the wavefront of an arbitrary source of sound, and then, given a 3D scene of a "room" or whatever, visualize how this wave was traveling through the space and reflecting over surfaces with different parameters. The point of this was to see if you could find/predict the spots in a room/house/building where noise is naturally damped. The visualization was very nice to look at as I modeled the wavefront as if it had an exaggerated effect over the diffraction of light on the air. I cannot find it now, but there used to be a 2000s or so tv ad for the Beolab 5 which looked very similar in essence, maybe also a bit like schlieren photography [1]. [1] https://ntts-prod.s3.amazonaws.com/t2p/prod/t2media/tops/img... Similar anecdote, I started developing apps for the iPad as soon as it came out (2010). Around 2014, a recruiter didn't want to give me a senior position since "they usually look for people with 8+ years of experience". ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ >Firstly, the video is low latency, which means that the time between you broadcasting and the time the video shows up on your viewer’s screens can be as low as 2-3 seconds. Excuse my ignorance, and I'm sure 2 seconds is probably an engineering feat, but I'm genuinely curious. What is it that prevents latency to go as down as a few hundred ms (pretty much close to and IP round trip) ? Not OP but (s)he never mentioned anything about shipping broken products ... I am also not a native speaker and I had never, EVER, made that association until now that I read about it. Shoot me an email (check profile), I used to live in Saudi and know plenty of agro as well. On Page 92, under Biotech, >The problem that I remain the most passionate about is for us to make some real and continued progress in the fight against aging and death. But how does one help? Really. I've been in academia for more than 10 years. I've had done some really promising stuff and know people with pretty cool projects that are 1,000% worth pursuing. Yet I have found virtually zero support as I don't play well with the "the politics of science". The problem is that the "politics of science" are typically against "actually doing science" as there is no surplus of time, energy and willpower that allows one to pursue both ends. I would like people to consider that this is one of the biggest obstacles hindering human development (in science at least). This thing really needs to change, for the benefit of everybody involved. A significant part of the problem lies in the issues presented by you and the parent comment. "Science advances one funeral at a time". Make this premise obsolete and we will have a massive roi in science, probably keeping expenditure within the same order of magnitude. I am not speculating, I am truly convinced of it. Hello Alice, off-topic but it's great to see you here. I keep a binder at my desk with printed articles from the web that I find interesting enough to want to keep forever (and give to my children one day). In there is your take on 'playing to win' on the minecraft economy. Thanks for that. The open stance on R&D that the industry is currently adopting is good for everybody involved. I hope it will become the norm someday. Journals and other centralized entities that regulate access to science should wane and disappear, the sooner the better. >Or maybe create a system where people don't have to rely on churches and rich people for charity. Grow up, there is no utopia and whatever works already is better than nothing. Bartosz truly deserves to be more widely known. His Category Theory for Programmers book is an excellent introduction to the CT world if you come from a Computer Science background (well ... duh it says it right there in the title) and know very little math. Highly recommended to give it a try, even if the topic doesn't seem to fit you. This is one of those books that will make you a better programmer regardless of what you do. >labs operate largely as fiefdoms of the individual principal investigators To add to the injury, you wouldn't believe the extent of the actions to which some PIs become engaged in order to attain/preserve their 'power'. Illegal, unethical and pathetic. The core problem is that PIs are human, and humans are flawed. The solution (if there is one) should take this into account, and somehow try to reduce it systematically, at an institutional level. The problem is that the ones that make the rules are not going to fight against themselves ... I wish I had something more to add, but that's it, that's the state of the field. How to build a good search engine: 1. Actually return the results matching the words that people typed in your search box. The more they match, the more they go up. More and more, it has become extremely disappointing what you get back from Google (and others as well). Verbatim search (where you surround exact terms in quotes), seems to have vanished in the last year or so. More often than not I have clicked on a result, only to find out that my particular query is nowhere to be found on the site, but some "related stuff" does. >why can't we simulate a whole brain? Of what size? A worm, a fly? Doable. A mouse? Possibly in the next couple years. A human? No ETA but definitely happening in our timeline. >1% of research is fraud You are way, waaaaaay underestimating the extent of the problem. Perhaps I was in an extremely corrupt environment (which eventually made me leave), but I would put the "intentional fraud" rate as high as 30% or so. I pointed out one of such instances once and that was the beginning of the end for me in that place. More: My field was Biology. No one double checks anyone or anything. A measurement comes back and you can just pretty much ignore it, in the end you just write whatever you need for your thesis to hold (I mean not me, but that's pretty much everybody's dirty secret). In the rare case that someone actually wants to check it out (1 in 1,000), you can just say that the "original data was lost". Sometimes the only thing you can trace back is some sort of written journal, in which anybody could write anything and that doesn't make it true/false. Not long ago, there was a group of scientists that went on to try to replicate some landmark results on cancer research (I'll update with a good reference if I find it) and found out that only a very low number of them matched their observations. Some of those were not even close ... like, waaaay outside a very generous experimental margin of error. Huh? But he didn't ... he just fled. When I started my PhD I became tangled in a similar situation. I denounced it and it got me kicked out of that program. I had to start over, but I would do it again if the situation called for it. No amount of money or "awards" compensate for having a dishonorable life. "The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing" Nice and thanks for sharing. I have a question, did you use a framework or did you code that from scratch? >[...] the problematic behaviours you describe are encouraged at the institutional level Yes, which is why I wrote, >[...] and somehow try to reduce it systematically, at an institutional level. Power games. In my specific scenario, she said I was underperforming and didn't want me anymore as her student, there's nothing much one could do after that. Of course I tried to defend my stance, even provided solid evidence of her wrongdoings and overall attitude towards me and other students. In the end it was "just better if you just leave". >Were there consequences for the fraudsters? Zero. Air pollution is something to be taken very seriously, Regarding that (and since we are hackers here), I bought myself one of these last year: https://m5stack.com/products/pm-2-5-sensor-usb-power-sht20 Pretty affordable and it works really well, readings match another device I have which was much more costly. Since then I turn it on from time to time, I live in an apartment near a highway, I am impressed by: How much air quality changes between days, during the day and depending on whether there's traffic or not, how much it changes due to household activities (cooking, cleaning). and how it changes when someone is smoking, even outside of my unit. Thanks to this I have developed a routine of opening/closing windows at certain times that allows me to improve the average air quality inside my place. If I had the time (and some actuators) I could probably automate that, that would be cool yeah :D. I highly recommend getting one of these or a similar sensor. Also, I'm looking to find something similar but capable of measuring CO and CO2, if anyone knows let me know. Thanks, I asked you as I was writing something (in Notes) and would like to make it somehow into a formatted HTML like yours. Oh boy, Series E. If you raise Series E it means either you are doing extremely well or your business is drowning and you need a lifesaver. A business that is doing really well typically raises much more than 85M, so I'm going to go with the latter option. In which case, also, an 85M lifeline at this stage means you are not worth that much alive ... IMO I can see in a very clear way the downfall of SO happened, they undermined the community that made them rise in the first place. Their most valuable asset IS the community, way more than the knowledge base they have accrued. People no longer feel comfortable going there. I wouldn't be surprised if their MAU is going down. Too bad for Atwood which I think is responsible for the culture that SO initially had, and which lured many of us to contribute. Since he left, it's hard to put it in words but something changed. I don't think he's happy with how the site turned out to be down the road. tl;dr; what this series E means is that SO will become the new experts-exchange sooner than later. > https://invidio.us/ Cease and desist in 3 ... 2 ... 1 Wait ... you can RECORD ! Cmd + D : Desktop, that's the one I use. Cmd + Shift + A : To show the bar. It would be interesting to see if an AI can learn about the movements that trace someone's particular handwriting, perhaps it can identify and reproduce the different "styles" involved (i.e from person to person). >[...] it takes me ages to convince myself this implementation is correct. Is that supposed to be difficult? Not trying to be snarky, I'm honestly surprised, do people actually struggle with this? Googlers in particular? "[...] WORLDWIDE, EXCEPT FOR QUEBEC, CRIMEA, CUBA, IRAN, SYRIA, NORTH KOREA, and SUDAN" Huh? What's wrong with Quebec? >The quality of life for anyone living off the Earth would be abysmal. I agree with the general sentiment of your post, however, this may not be necessarily true. If you have a shelter that provides adequate conditions for life, that's it. Sure, no more walks in the park, but still doable. Plenty of people have not left their homes at all in the past few months and they seem to be ok-ish. >I guess if you don't appreciate the outside world I never said that. Sorry, I didn't know you were throwing a tantrum. I thought we were having an honest discussion. I can tell you, for sure, that there are people on this earth which are living under an overall worse standard of living than the one you would probably find in early mars colonies; and they outnumber people like us, with food, clean water, internet access, etc... That obviously sucks, but to say that life on Mars is going to be necessarily worse than life on Earth is an argument that is quite easy to disprove. Check this [0]: "Around 9 million people die every year of hunger and hunger-related diseases" "A child dies from hunger every 10 seconds" and also, by the end of the article: "2.5+ billion people in need of water" I don't care if its a "slum" or not, it could be happening in Switzerland and it wouldn't make a difference for me as I'm not discussing the "aesthetic" side of the argument. If people on a Mars colony have enough food and water (which they almost certainly will), they will be doing better than the ones referred to at in the article. 0: https://www.theworldcounts.com/challenges/people-and-poverty... Neil would you be interested in turning this into some sort of service? I could help with that, shoot me an email (check profile). >not some kind of mastermind PR I would believe one would hire one or two of those for a multi-billion dollar exercise tho. Disclaimer: I truly dislike this technology for my own personal reasons. That aside, I think the problem you bring up is pretty much "solved" as the only thing that is missing are training sets. Pretty much like when Tesla just needed a bunch of driving footage to start improving its self-driving AI, and they got it. The first Neuralinks (I believe) will be intended to gather as much data as possible in order to tackle this concrete issue. After that is going to be a quite vanilla "big data + ML" type of job. It would be cool to see, if different people have different neuronal dynamics for the same sort of "activity". Who knows what it will be found. Regarding "the pig demo", we don't know for sure if they can do that to any pig wearing a neuralink (i.e. like installing software) or if the data/model was produced and meant to work on that particular pig only. >formal software verification There is a big misconception that this provides some sort of guarantee that the software will not behave in unexpected ways. It is just another tool and as such it has its own limits. >because you're going to need millions For sure, increasing # of electrodes + bandwidth must be on the roadmap. You may not need to go as deep and broad as you believe. Most processing happens on the cortex anyway, the interior (white matter) is pretty much interconnection. Also, the action of one neuron could trigger thousands of others in quite remote regions, so you could probably get a decent picture of what's happening without having to cover it all. I was honestly quite impressed by "the pig demo", I wouldn't have guessed that would be possible with the current state of their tech. >That is absolutely not the case, and we are absurdly far from anything like it. We haven't even been able to decode very much useful information from the "brain" of a nematode yet Huh? What?! Have you actually watched the update? They decode the position and movement of the limbs of a pig as it is walking, in real-time, with uncanny accuracy. Oh, I see your point. Yeah, we are not even sure how consciousness emerges. But, for sure, some sort of crude i/o with someone's thoughts could be established, and not far away. Perhaps they should ask for that when the user is closing the program. "Would you like XXX to update so that the next time you open in you'll have a the new version?" I think I would probably say yes under such scenario. If someone involved in the project sees this, * I would really like to install PleromaFE and use it * But your download links are broken ... come on Thanks antognini, it made so much more sense now. >And seriously, it's much better for your career and your next job hunt if you were to resign on your own accord, than for us to have to fire you [...] Careful with this, it's not legal. > [...] new guidelines for acceptable levels of clothing coverage that everyone on the website is required to follow, including digital characters like Melody. Given that their experiment was quite successful and already had a few sponsors ... couldn't they just add some clothing to avoid being banned? That's coercion, literally. Is there an "upper" limit on the mass of a black hole? I would guess "no" but then again I'm not a physicist, maybe there's a surprise down the road. >SpaceX could hit a button (well, run a script, probably) and Starlink would disappear within 2-4 weeks. Make me wonder what kind of security is in place to prevent a bad actor from doing that. Is there some 'field' of CS that deals with this? I would love to read about it. >having been "perceived" in a way by some (possibly) [redacted] Perhaps you're a young man. Warranted or not, 90s Gates was the prototype for the asshole tech CEO. Only Larry Ellison came close, and that's saying something ... I love the idea but I think you (author) need a lot of time/support polishing this. You need a team probably. Also, >Superfast proof generation time of around 1000 proofs per second per core. Does this limit in any way things like read/write perfomance or usability in general? Yup, I do not mean to discourage the authors. I truly like the project and I have a few things in mind that could make use of it already. (Heck, one of them is pretty much Graviton + a front end). But I cannot just jump into it as there's some real money involved and no one wants to experiment with that. I see a bright future for Graviton, once it becomes tested and stable in production environments. Those annexations were "easy". Take Guam, for instance, I'd love to see someone try to annex it by force. I'd love to see someone try to annex it by force, now . This is true, but then also, sometimes that's exactly what you need. I'm always left wondering how something like this could happen. I kind of get Y2K and stuff like overflows ... but this one? Really? Did someone put a regex like /^15... to "match" dates? Wow ... I'm ... I'm sure there's a better way to handle this. Great idea, thanks for sharing! Glad to hear your story. I'm on the same boat nowadays :) Wow, if this were not hosted on house.gov I wouldn't believe it was real. Edit: A side note, Kendall's current venture is about "‎Break[ing] your screen and social media addiction". You're free to make any assumptions regarding that in connection to this hearing. It could easily pass as sci-fi about some technological dystopia. It's not only a conspiracy theory. If you hear about the bully at school stealing someone's lunch, you would be inclined to believe it's true, even though you were not there at the time. Plenty of abuse and mismanagement from these companies have affected a lot of people, to different degrees, and that sets a precedent over which we all subjectively evaluate their actions. Just last month I had a Twitter account for a side gig banned for absolutely no reason and with zero explanation. I am more inclined to believe the "rich kid from LA" story than the "hack"/"sim swapping" whatever nonsense. Why? Because I see it happening all the time, everywhere. I'm pretty sure it has more to do with the HN algo where some keywords rank higher than others. "Uber" "Billion" "Self-Driving" are hot topics by themselves and this one is all of them in one. >I disagree, he did not discovered a property, he discovered and described the CRISPR mechanism. Exactly this! You cannot downplay his influence, at all . He also did speculate on plenty of those applications. Really weird to have him excluded. >[...] the problem that killed Concorde: Civilian sonic booms over populations are illegal Did this killed the Concorde? I don't know the story well, but I always though it was because it was never a profitable venture but it was kept because it was good PR. Then the accident happened and it was just not worth it anymore ... > https://theadaptivemarketer.com/2012/01/14/a-pricing-lesson- .... Thanks! I did not know about that. You are missing an /s, right? ... r-right? :S (Speculation) I believe it has more to do with the psychological effect of "knowing" beforehand that you are about to consume a high amount of sugar. In the case of artificial sweeteners you know it's going to be sweet, yes, but you also already know that it is not real sugar and you are somehow "safe", and so, the stress involved is diminished. Not an explanation, but a benefit could be that SVMs can be evaluated much faster and are more explainable (* Citation needed, I know). I am sure you are able to grasp the essence of what @rayiner is trying to say. Oh boy, I HIGHLY DOUBT that Brendan "was the wrong person for the job" ... I'l piggyback on @jamestimmins' comment. Let us know more, I have similar issues and intentions to try to improve up the social fabric around my neighborhood. You can both send me an email (see profile), this is something that gets me very excited as well! >Extremely simplified, all you need to do is drill a hole deep enough for a high temperature difference. >There's plenty of asteroids rich in gold/titanium just floating around. All you have to do is bring them here. Sent an email :D sci.app Sucks that the site is down at the moment, but if you would like to help me build a futuristic take on how science could be improved drop me an email. Also, if you like/work on science in general, get in touch, there's plenty to do! >[...] has brought him an immense amount of joy and continues to, and the community that has emerged from it is full of some really amazing people. This is pretty much why I am pursuing the creation of something like this in my hometown. Can you provide (or estimate) numbers on that? And also, what is the threshold for deciding which platform is on one side or another? That's correct, but ... there's a reason why he chose to use a different last name :) Oh I didn't know that actually. Thanks. Also, for anyone who is not familiar with Duncan's work, Moon is an amazing movie! Yeah, I just spent a fair amount of time trying to find this guy's twitter account and got nothing ... If anyone finds it, please share. Maybe we can fix this! Email at profile :) Sure, your own comment. I get the point but we would go further if we just stopped trying to police other peoples' peculiarities ... particularly ones as trivial as these. Michael O' Church has written some amazing blog posts. If you tolerate his style, I highly recommend reading him. Too bad he fell out of grace from the SV elite (and I can totally see why). I wish he continued writing as much as he was back in the time. "... the resulting SEC fines from this illegal manipulation ..." Plus time in prison. I agree GP's argument is a bit exaggerated, but this would be more akin to Apple announcing "we will no longer let you play music from XXX". IANAL but maybe there's grounds for a lawsuit on that. I really want this but the Warcraft 3 remaster was so so so bad that I'm holding my breath until I can play it first. I've lived through all the spectrum of apartments from modest to exclusive and luxurious. One thing does not imply the other, it's a matter of luck + how (un)civilized are the people surrounding you. You're right, haven't experienced anything beyond 10M. I guess at the very top you don't have these issues at all. Sorry to hijack the thread but can anyone suggest alternatives to the 'search' side of Elasticsearch? I haven't been following the topic and there's probably new and interesting developments like ClickHouse is for logging. >It is used to index half a billion objects on a $5/mth 1-vCPU SSD cloud server (as of 2019). Damn. Thank you! This looks very nice! Wow! Thank you! Not trying to be snarky but Vitalik itself is ETH's 51% attack ... What's the point of decentralized cryptocurrency when it falls down on the hands of one person. That "little thing" when they rolled out contracts and pretty much showed how easy it was to manipulate the currency at their whim ... "A group of researchers" still doesn't feel like decentralized to me. Sure, but don't forget SpaceX is a for-profit organization. An opinion for an opinion, From my (first-hand) experience with him, he is quite egotistical and I definitely wouldn't describe his manner as "hearthly". That does not change anything regarding his accomplishments and insights, though. Hi Rachit! Great product, I have a question, do you offer (or plan to offer) an API for developers? That kind of makes it or breaks it for me. But that applies to history, right? Like undos, revisions, etc... Or is that "any data that is older than a year"? What a great idea and a fun read! For an April fool's gag this is a truly remarkable work, kudos to the author! Factorio, Eve Online, Chess, (or whatever you enjoy doing) *IS* the intellectual potential of humanity. Oooh, the memories! :D Used to do that w/ friends who had unltd. call plans. From empirical evidence, other people's saliva tastes like nothing. Source: Dating. Not the first time Moxie does something "questionable", to put it lightly ... It's all fun and games 'til you learn that YouTube's terms don't allow you to embed their player in any way that disables/hides their UI and logos. Source: A similar project I made like 8 years ago. Edit: But don't get me wrong, I like it nonetheless! Seems like it could be a nice addition, I like the concept in general, like a GET w/ data or a cacheable POST, meant to query/retrieve information so you have a semantic distinction for that as well. Disclaimer: I do not have a music degree. I thought (read) that the distribution of black and white keys came to be like that to provide a visual pattern which allows you to easily distinguish the different octaves. >each Formula 1 team is only allowed to use 25 teraflops That ... doesn't make much sense, honestly. >where there are almost literally no rules or traffic signals ... That's a lie, though. The meme that México is an uncivilized place is dumb and doesn't hold much substance. Edit: Downvote me all you want, GP's statement is laughably easy to disprove. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ No, it isn't. It's a really nice framework though, but there's plenty (pleeeeenty!) of things that lie beyond its scope. Idealizing CT and its applications only does more harm than good to the field. Edit: Sure, I'll be glad to talk about it. Have plenty of experience doing (also, avoiding doing) things w/ CT. Just drop me an email (see profile), you're always welcome. >It almost feels like your goal is to collect emails Now that's a new one, keep going pal :) My thoughts exactly. But then, the article explicitly states that they are talking about "trillion floating point operations per second". It's probably just a mistake from the journalist. I can see ways to represent lambda calculus constructs using CT and viceversa. I guess that 'systems of logic' includes lambda calculus, or systems with equivalent semantics; so yeah, I can believe there's a connection at some level. The (one?) problem with CT is that it, by definition, puts too much importance on the relation between things via composition, which is a powerful paradigm in itself, but also quite restrictive. 'Structure' is not usually encoded like that in a natural way. CT is just part of a larger framework that is currently being unveiled (!!!); but, to be quite frank, people who focus mostly on CT seem to be missing the forest for the trees. I like the selection of quotes that you made, I would've probably done something similar. Regarding the Great Beast metaphor and its consequences, I believe much of the issues that run deep down in society these days have to do greatly with it. We should connect, I barely know other people with whom I can share what I read. Because stocks are owned by third parties, usually. From the site you linked: >Purpose of use: In my Air Force career flying for over 21 years, curious as to how much I actually aged. Nice use case :D >Did the Bezos divorce have any impact? Of course it did! Among other things, on the stock market, on the Forbes list of riches people, and then afterwards, she donated a lot of money. Source: you. >usually >Counter-point; the world is mostly a neutral, even OK, place It isn't, you are lucky to be in a privileged environment. And I don't even mean warzones. People who live paycheck-to-paycheck with family or medical issues wouldn't agree with you. Actually, a significant portion of the videos portrayed the life of the homeless, the sick, people under the influence of drugs/alcohol, and other things that you don't usually find on the usual platforms. >Existence of depression and anxiety across all socioeconomic strata proves that logic wrong. Further supporting the argument that the world is not "mostly an OK place". Whew, you guys are completely lost ... I remember a year ago you couldn't even MENTION the possibility of COVID having an artificial origin without being labelled a crazy conspiracy theorist. Funny how "smart and educated" people can be so dumb and close-minded in reality. >but also to help other users who might face a similar problem They could ask their own questions. I'd rather have a database of specific questions with specific answers than "X-Ys" all over the place. Regarding SO, it suffers from a strange form of cognitive dissonance: A. You can't ask "what's the best way to do X" because, for whatever reason, these kind of questions are not aligned with "the site's scope". but B. When you ask something specific, you get a lot of "it's better if you do X" answers. I even have had some really nice questions closed because some mods thought I was "asking the wrong thing". Both behaviors are allowed and encouraged ¯\_(ツ)_/¯. >not specific enough to people who have XY problem and are not aware of it Again, they should be expected to ask their own questions on the site, so they could get the answers they're looking for. Come on, that's not hard to grasp. A question like "How to delete a project from Google Cloud Console" [1], should have a clear, definite answer. I wouldn't expect to see something like "this is how you register an account on AWS", just in case "the user is changing providers". 1: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/16621921/how-to-delete-a... Oh, the stuff that's coming out of this lawsuit is gold. >The Dictionary of Obscure Sorrows project coined it I highly doubt that, I recall seeing references to it on myspace a while ago. I know about regenerative agro and I find it amazing as well. I just want to point out that the way modern agriculture came to be is not dumb at all, the thing is that its focused on maximizing yield above other things. 7 billion people eat something (almost) everyday, I find it quite impressive that the infrastructure to support that, exists. I hope the world could be stopped (as it happened, more or less, with COVID) in order to fix some of these problems, but in the case of food, it's going to be hard to ask people to stop eating for a while. Nice, Goes well with the kind of slide that says: "If 100M people give us ten dollars, we have a billion" That's a startup in itself The myth that drugs make you more creative is, well, a myth. I've had a few content-producing startups and I can tell you that there was literally no correlation between the amount/quality of the art produced and whether the person making it was a drug-addict or not (everybody was treated equally at my place). If you want to know the secret behind creative genius, it is, as in other things, hard work and dedication. No substitute for that. You are right, there's definitely a connection regarding the style. Perhaps as other commenter suggests, has to do with it being one of the predominant visual styles of that time. Good for you. If you read what I wrote, I said I saw "no correlation". For every guy that used drugs and was very talented I had another one who was clean and on par. I had guys who were regular drug users told me that they liked to work clean and then smoke a joint afterwards to chill. I know you're trying to push you viewpoint but there's really not much to discuss. Perhaps it works for you, but if you look at the whole picture, there is no correlation. >Where does the part time smoker weed smoker vs crack whore fit at your startups? As long as they behaved properly on premises, I didn't give much of a thought about their hobbies. >Are they all addicts? No. About 30%. >Did you notice a difference with the microdosers? There was a guy who did this, actually. He was kind of mediocre at work so we usually assigned him the easy but boring, repetitive stuff. n = 1 so I won't draw conclusions here. >Was your offices setup to foster a more productive environment with the addicts ... ? No, it was just a regular office. And no, they had no special benefits nor special handicaps because of their drug use. They never complained or requested any sort of special treatment. If anything, they were kind of ashamed for it, but I never brought the subject up. I know it's hard to believe for some, but you can really treat everyone with dignity and things just ... work. ??? I don't understand. Drug addicts DO exist. And they have a hard time landing jobs because of that. If anything, I helped them and allowed them to have the same opportunity as others without those issues. And they performed well, so I don't see the issue, honestly. That's what you wanted to read there. So it would fit within your history or whatever baggage you're carrying; none of which is my problem, and I mean that with sympathy. You need to stop projecting onto others. I'll rewrite my initial post with more detail and clariry, I hope: • I've had a few "artsy" startups in the past. • Because of this, I have employed about 200 people in creative roles. • Some of these people had issues with drug abuse, as they straight up told me or came out on background checks. • (Bonus) Since I am a super nice guy :), I gave them a pass on that and a chance to perform. This, in stark contrast with 95% of similar businesses which just had probably smiled them goodbye and then ghosted them. • I found out that there was no difference in the amount of "creativity", to put it that way, between the drug addicts compared to people who were not. • Since I think this is an interesting insight, I decide to share it here. • Somehow, that's a bad thing for some. I guess you can't please everybody, ¯\_(ツ)_/¯. >"clean" or an "addict" Those adjectives are correct. >I'm clearly not the only person here that picked up on your comments Thanks for noticing! I act on principle, not on popularity, so that's irrelevant. Feels very dishonest from Sebastian to try to wash his hands from this while, in his own words, "funds were misallocated for years" [1]. You can't have that kind of thing happening for years and just "don't notice" nor "do anything about it". IMO, it's quite obvious that not only did he knew, but he was also complicit in the whole thing. The only reason they're venting this now is because they ran out of money, if some wealthy sponsor had come and gave them a few million, their sudden spark of morality wouldn't have realized. Reminds me of Ruth Madoff stating that she "had no idea" [2] that her husband was running a multibillion dollar scam business for decades. Like, come on, who is going to believe that. 1: https://twitter.com/sebmck/status/1392019586833387522 2: https://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/madoff-s-w... >He incited a riot I wasn't aware of that. Do you have a source? I know how to use Google, but can't find a real source for that. Please share if you have any :) I've been using Cloudflare for many many years now, I like it a lot. I like that I mostly set it up once and forgot about it. I just found about Durable Objects and can't wait to try them on a new project for a client that has a use case like: few days per year has a huge traffic spike (tens of thousands concurrent users) while the rest of the year is pretty much dead. I think DOs could be a perfect fit for this. Cheers and let's hope for another 10 great years, :D. I know what I wrote. Was it a tweet or something? A video? I honestly can't find it. If it's so easy for you just link me to the source and stop behaving like a child. Thanks johnnyanmac, I was going to reply to cmsj but it was not worth the effort. As you guessed correctly I am not from the US neither live there. It may be hard to believe for some "americans", but I wasn't following the latest US presidential election in detail, should I apologize for that ¯\_(ツ)_/¯? Thanks for the linked article, the only I was getting on Google were stuff from sites like tabloids; me being diligent, wanted to find a more reliable source. >a couple tons of plutonium Is that a typo? tons? Thanks, I had no idea they consumed that much. The ref. is for 200MWe so I'd guess that for 1-5MW it would be less but no idea if it scales linearly. Also, could you load all the fuel at once and leave it running? Or would you have to refuel every n years? >He was a marketing exec This is the rug that ties the room together :) >correlation does not imply causation It does not exclude it either. That is such a vacuous statement and I'm tired of it being used every simgle time someone has a chance to drop the most cliche "smart guy" phrase in modern parlance. But back to the topic ... Do you seriously believe that the recent up/downs of BTC have nothing to with Elon and Tesla's actions, i.e. it was just a coincidence? >“I just started taking guitar lessons.” >You might expect another person to respond with something like: >“How exciting! My mom has a vintage Martin that she loves to play.” Not really IMO, I think they just pushed it to just say "whatever's related to the topic". People who behave like that irl come off as self-absorbed and obnoxious most of the time, hope future AIs are not like that! >They simply take turns talking about themselves ... This so much! One thing about the UX of all conversational products, in stark contrast with real conversations, is that it forces you into a dynamic of "one question, one answer", "one message, one reply". I can imagine it could be pretty hard to break this paradigm, but for me it's like the equivalent of the uncanny valley in this context. No matter how good the replies are, if I'm forced into this dynamic, I just know that I'm talking to a robot. "Hey, that's nice", "How's that going?" or something like it. Also, no response is also a response, you could just listen to them. No one's going to say "I just started taking guitar lessons" and remain silent for the rest of the evening; for sure they have much more to say about it. IMO means In My Opinion I went through that as it was happening. Vitalik Buterin & co. have no integrity. Most people should be aware about how they defrauded everybody with the DAO and subsequent fork of Ethereum. But, of course, it has been conveniently sweeped under the rug. If I had created the DAO and I was the one going to lose 50 million, no fork would have happened, and Buterin (and you probably) would have told me, from their high horses, "though luck pal, you see, that's the beauty of smart contracts, they're final and no one should be able to do anything about it". If you preach a set of principles and then backtrack on them when it's convenient for you, you're a hypocrite and have no integrity. If you do this on purpose, to deceive people, and there's money involved then you arrived at the definition of fraud, +- some extra words. >1 million to be on the safe side This + micropayments, (i.e. negligible fees so it makes sense to send 0.01USD to someone, every day, or w/e. The cycle of "missed" opportunities. 1. Competitor A: "The new Spectacles are not for sale. They’re built for creators looking to push the limits of immersive AR experiences." 2. Competitor B: * actually sells the product * * time goes by * 3. Competitor B acquires 80%+ market share while other's "never saw it coming". >You can even patent it if you want. No. You cannot patent something that has been publicly disclosed. I didn't knew about that, thanks. In Europe you don't have such thing, so you end up w/ a mountain of NDAs (or just don't care and cross your fingers). But how would you charge the truck? This is truly amazing, wish it had much more attention here. Big hug @nelhage, keep doing great things! This is very naive and short-sighted, what percentage of your income go to boots? 1%? Your own example is talking about a ROI of 50USD in years, yeah sure ... that's wealth right there. People spend 90% of their wage on: rent, food and basic services. Can you be very smart and hack your way into halving your monthly rent? Can you be very smart and buy a really good potato that will last you for years? Can you be very smart and negotiate a better rate for the utilities you pay? Come on, man. Of course, planning and spending carefully go a long way, but that metaphor is a joke. >We had to choose a thumbnail All examples I tried just take the main image from the article (if it exists). >We had to generate a summary Similarly, all I see is, literally, the first sentence of the linked article with some extremely trivial and minor adaptations. >Design design design It is literally a photo and a paragraph of text in the default sans-serif font. I know it's PR but damn. SJ? So sad, pretty much all the comments in this thread are "it would be better if ...", "I think that ...", "I don't think that ..." Well, this is your chance then, buy a domain name and set up your website, shows us how much better you can do it, or, you know, just shut up. I personally found the site amusing and interesting, I'd love to come back and check the statistics once a lot of people have gone through it and the sample size becomes significant. Props to the authors for developing their idea and delivering it to the world in such a simple way that I only had to click a few times to play with it, for free :D. Your argument doesn't make sense. Those legs came from people which had at most two of them. They don't manufacture legs or whatever. I would say no, but in this case I think only "attached legs" should count. Why do you count dead legs, but choose not to count the bodies they're attached to? Or if you chop them ... does the rest of the body cease to exist? Whoa, I wasn't aware of that. Thanks for pointing it out. >Yea, conspiracy theories are problematic. Are they? It's easy to walk down the slippery road that leads to authoritarian behaviors. >If so, where do you propose the line exists? The line is drawn where an actual crime is committed. I'm not really a fan of pre-crime control measures, but that's a personal opinion. This is it, period. You make a new vehicle, you have to go through the certification again, common sense tbh. >In the intelligence community What do you mean by this? And I'm not being snarky, really. Lots of people who are extremely educated (i.e. vocational training) fail to grasp very simple concepts of arguing, debating and behave quite childish and immature in many other aspects of their life. I spent about 20 years in academia, among the most "highly intelligent and prepared people" in the world, yet know 14-15 year olds who behave in a much more honorable way. I wasnt't familiar with the term, thank you! Nice, just for the record, do you plan to spend $3/month on Twitter Blue? Very nice story, if only it were true. Let's hope your PhD wasn't imaginary either, cue "science reproducibility crisis". I didn't understand this comment at first. Then went on and read the article, then reached that part ... wow. >unworthy of much money Money doesn't work like that. New-ish chrome here on OS X, slow MacBook yet it runs flawlessly :D I really like this theory and enjoyed the read, however, the arguments are full of (very naive and) wrong interpretations of statistics and non sequiturs. Examples: "if other sentient species exist, we should expect ours to have an unusually high population" "most planets will have a very much smaller population" "The Earth represents the planet of an ordinary being, and Homo Sapiens represents the species of an ordinary being." ??? what? "Compared to our seven billion strong civilisation, their population will be much smaller. Perhaps only in the tens of millions." "We should expect to be in a large group, not an ordinary one." "this also means we should expect to be living on a large planet". This goes against the evidence found, so far. "You might be tempted to think that most of our energy is spent moving around or by fighting against gravity." No. "A species with twice the body mass of another, will on average have half the population density." The plot right before that argument disagrees with that ..., also that plot, named "The probability distribution for the body mass of intelligent species, based on our single piece of data" is nonsense; it has varied greatly throughout the history of life on our planet. "I'm an astrophysicist at the University of Barcelona, formerly a research fellow at the University of Edinburgh, following my PhD at the University of Cambridge." Oh well ... Update: OMG! The guy seems to apply that same line of reasoning to everything: https://twitter.com/frgsimpson/status/895944043645075457 inb4: "Aliens' lifespan should be around 70 years since that's the average for humans, on Earth, at the present time." >attributing simpletons' logical fallacies to a published astrophysicist Funny how you fell into a very common logical fallacy by trying to make a statement about the arguments made against the author. See: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Argument_from_authority Kindly read and ponder about the first two sentences under "Use in science" on the wikipedia page I referenced. The fallacy lies in assuming anything connected w/ authority. You wrote it yourself: Authority has no place in evaluating an argument is correct, _or not_. Yes, but there is no way you can conclude "the typical student should come from school X" from that, which is the main issue with the author's argumentation. Hey, I'm on the same boat as you, shoot me an email (check my profile), if you wish to exchange some experiences. Best! >is costing millions of dollars a day VERY FEW (two?) companies in the world have operating expenses of 1B+/year on data infrastructure. I find your story quite hard to believe after reading that. So, you rented 80,000 AWS intances (!) at about (at least*) 12 bucks each one, per day ? Also, for reference: https://www.ibtimes.com/apple-amazons-biggest-customer-spend... * I always had this doubt Do billing alerts work immediately? Or do they let you know like an hour, a day, or whatever, after the limit has been reached? Yeah, the anger management sessions didn't do much. Also, some of the things he states are wrong (or unverified) as well. I wish people had the maturity of being able to discuss sensitive topics without having it degenerate into a visceral fight. For instance, I'm not being rude or anything, I'm just sharing my knowledge from 10+ or so years doing science, not pushing an agenda and presenting arguments in a civilized manner. Yet, for some reason, some people don't like that, go figure. Similar to the chinese leak fiasco, it was a natural question to ask yet the agenda was to bury it as it if was wrong to question those things. A bit sad to be somebody who is just following the tides like some sort of insentient seaweed. Well, there's a lot of evidence for mRNA transfer between species in other kingdoms; read on about reverse transcriptase [1] that is literally how some viruses spread when they enter the human body. Whether that mechanism still goes on when some of the components are missing, well, we presume it won't happen but there's not enough and definite evidence for that. And for those who love appealing to authority, I do have bachelor and master degrees in bioscience, unlike Linus and most of the readers here, so :^) [1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reverse_transcriptase Edit, happens all the time, in many different contexts: [2]: https://academic.oup.com/humrep/article/23/4/735/620265 [3]: https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/193963607018768... [4]: https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s00294-018-0844-6 [5]: https://www.spandidos-publications.com/ijo/19/5/1015 I could go on and on, but you get the idea, if there's something you learn (or should learn) in biology is that the exception is the rule. Edit 2: Lol, would love to read you comments on this: https://www.pnas.org/content/118/21/e2105968118 That's what you don't seem to get. I'm not saying it does happen, neither am I saying it does not happen. There's not enough evidence, that's it. Why is that so hard to grasp? And there's evidence of it happening in plenty of other contexts, so one wouldn't be crazy to believe that at least, in principle, it could happen here as well. Just curious, what are the safety numbers for other commonly deployed vaccines like the ones for influenza, etc...? >The m in mRNA stands for messenger. Whoops, you got it backwards. Nature does not really care whatever names we give to things. Come on, you can do better than that :) If you actually read further than the first paragraph, you would find plenty of examples where the dogma is broken. >Computational Biologist at Ohio State Oh, come on! And you didn't knew about it!? Sad. >I have no idea what on earth you are trying to say to me. I can explain: that whether the m stands for 'messenger' or 'mars' or 'male' doesn't make a single difference pertaining its behavior in nature. What? But I just put some references here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=27466738 Those are peer-reviewed published papers ... and you chose to ignore them? Laughable. >Do scientists have to gather up every possible reverse transcription gene in the known universe and test them? For sure there could be a more practical way, but even if that's the only option well ... science is rigorous, man. Hence why we still have the theory of evolution and the theory of relativity. If you don't like it and wish to go back to "just believing" ... well, good luck, we won't miss you. It usually comes along with the virus, but there's some in our body as well [1]. Whether they work on the same mRNA targets or not is an open question. [1]: https://www.frontiersin.org/articles/10.3389/fchem.2016.0000... That is one of the dumbest possible interpretations you could make from those references. The point was to show (to unfamiliar readers) that there exists plenty of mechanisms by which RNA -> DNA could happen, and it has been extensively studied and characterized. >In all of your comments here you're being pretty ridiculous [...] Well, that says more about you than me, ¯\_(ツ)_/¯. >I was a genetic engineer for 20 years and engineered plenty of viruses for therapeutics, including plenty of retroviruses. Your website and LinkedIn say otherwise ... unless you were doing it as a hobby? Sure, then. Given all your (presumed) experience, what's your opinion on this: https://www.pnas.org/content/118/21/e2105968118 Not something new and not "an accident". Does it work both ways? I was thinking that for a company to lose an employee is not something negligible but usually not the end of the world, while, for the average person, losing their job could be a big deal. Given this asymmetry in power, I can imagine that the employee is the one that usually has to compromise on things. Something I really loathe about OS X, and it has been becoming worse with time, is the amount of "processes" or whatever that suddenly take 100% CPU. There's no place to find out what they are. What are they doing, are they from apple or not? You're hopeless, aside from some comments here and there from random members of the community. To this day, I have no idea what 'powerd' is, for instance. Could you please, then, point me to a creditable source regarding what 'powerd' is? Haha, amazing. Could you share your source? AI driving at a human level is equivalent to AGI, so I wouldn't hold my breath for it. "Hi, this is a recorded interview for a study we are running, have you ever committed an illegal act?" "Nah." "Thanks." Can you see the bias? >which is going to be (or already is) vastly better than our eyes and ears Not even close, you underestimate what our sensory system is capable of. Scenario 1: You're driving on a highway and you notice people on the opposite lane are coming in slowly, with hazard lights on and waving at you. Because of this you slow down and drive more carefully, to discover that there's been an accident/landslide/whatever right around the corner. Your whole lane is then, closed, but cars are going both ways using the other lane by taking turns, the whole thing is orchestrated by a few guys making signs at cars with their hands/flags, which you naturally follow. (This has happened to me at least 10 times in the past) Scenario 2: Light rain is pouring down, you also know the temperature is quite close or below 0ºC, you slow down and drive with extreme caution as you're about to enter a stretch of road that is known to be prone for black ice formation. Scenario 3: You're driving under crosswind when suddenly, the truck in front of you does this, [1]. None of the cars recording crashed with the truck, what do you think is the reason for that? I could go on and on ... Forget the dumb Turing tests, driving >= AGI. [1]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uOwbbsgaRaQ Almost. They were asked to answer whether they considered themselves "foolish, unpredictable, unreliable, inconsiderate, dangerous, tense, worthless and/or irresponsible". Very few people would have answered truthfully. >Scenario 2 Nope, it's not about detecting the ice or not. It's about being rational enough to be able to reason on those things in advance and act beforehand. >Scenario 3 should is not a real thing. Humans already do it. >Scenario 1 Yes, because solving it implies solving AGI. No data on salaries aside from "do you charge per hour or per project?". >do they expect them to always have enough customer service capacity for when every single customer in the world has reason to call them? Yes, why wouldn't they, they just canceled their flights. >[...] because I do not believe they are consistent with HN's mission to feed intellectual curiosity Let others decide, whatever fills your curiosity is different than mine and that's a good thing. You are not the arbiter of knowledge. >Tumblr is doing fine though. Citation needed. My impression is their MAU and time spent on site went to the floor. What? You're delusional. Those metrics are literally the bread and butter of social networks. >Maybe you need to provide a citation? No, educate yourself about the "burden of proof". But I'ma do your homework for you, https://financesonline.com/number-of-tumblr-blogs/ "The microblogging and social media site still make money with an estimated annual revenue of $65 million." LMAO! With 400+ employees, plus operating expenses I imagine they barely see any profit. They have 1/10th of Facebooks MAUs in the States (according to them), yet nowhere near revenue and profit (proportionately). Sold on 2019 for ... $3 million! https://www.washingtonpost.com/technology/2019/08/13/tumblr-... But yeah, keep deluding yourselves, tumblr is doing juuuust right :D Would you mind sharing which one is it? (an email would suffice ;)) And it's even harder without the handouts, so, your point is moot. As they saying goes, they dig their own graves. Funny you get downvoted for stating the truth :^) Airtable is the most amazing thing that has happened to UI in years and it's really nice to see their ideas crawling on to other contexts like GitHub here. I feel it's a net win anyway, if the procedure is not invasive and cheap, you could take one every so often (yearly?) and if something shows up you just double check with a better method or w/e. Better than nothing, which is the current alternative. >But a false positive means an invasive biopsy. Nah, there's plenty of other things you'd try before the biopsy. Don't do it, then. Try homeopathy or whatever thing feels good for you. Actually, no. But it's some sort of technical heritage/baggage. I actually programmed it, for that exact scenario, and there's some really nice C++ libraries that outperform Perl, even in the cases you mentioned. Sure, Perl it's easier, but not necessarily faster. You can downvote this comment as well, code is code at the end of the day :^) >marcan is, in the grand scheme of things, uncommonly credible Ad hominem never works. Not disagreeing with your other points, but we should elevate discourse to arguments and reason. I also would like to know more about this, if anyone could shed light on it I think it could be appropriate to understand the circumstances. If you're going to be snarky, at least be intelligent. The probability of two people living in the same place given that they had coffee together is ludicrously higher than the probability of them living in separate countries. If you didn't imply a bad thing then it's good, have a nice day :D For sure, we will never see the full picture. I personally find the whole situation a bit strange, like ... something about it doesn't make sense. Time clears everything up. I live in a small building with just 3 units (again, only THREE owners). An issue w/ the building came up in January, it's been six months and we still haven't agreed on who are we going to hire, who is going to pay for what, etc... I can only think it is essentially impossible to get 20+ tenants to agree on something that involves them spending money, time, inconvenience, ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Argument_from_authority Please improve your dialectic skills so we could have a much better exchange of ideas. >Keep in mind you have Fields Medalists taking a shot at it [...] This is meaningless. Most NDAs don't hold during trial. Also, you have to prove that it was broken, what was released, how, etc... none of that is easy. But people don't know/are scared anyway, so what the article describes does happen anyway. I am a meat consumer/lover and still thought this was an interesting read. I agree with the author's pov that Mance's arguments are a bit naive and unaccurate. 100% agree with you. Keeping a "pet" locked on your home for the purpose of vanity and keeping you entertained for a few mins/day is outrageous. Praising animal rights but choosing to ignore this is the ultimate hypocrisy. Would you agree to be locked at some place even if "they treat you real good"? >and that they do not share my ethics, nor should be expected to What would your reasoning be if your dog decides to bite a neighbor's leg? Edit: No reply, a classic :^) >Your assumptions are showing. Well, of course, I didn't type my comment by accident! Regarding your point: Number of service dogs in the US: ~500,000 [1] Number of dogs kept as pets in the US: ~76 million [2] It's not even 1%. I understand the argument you bring but in practice is literally a rounding error. The overwhelming majority of pets serve a function of vanity and/or entertainment. 1: https://share.america.gov/service-dogs-save-lives/ 2: https://www.avma.org/resources-tools/reports-statistics/us-p... >Are you a dog? Yes, I am a sentient dog with an internet connection. >Dogs in the wild live much shorter lives and get parasites. This is true of humans as well. Honestly, I think a dog would outlast many of us in the wild. Your point is moot. This is the right answer. Some repairs should be mandatory, if the owner can't pay it should be treated as any other debt. If the owner can't afford repairs, it should sell the unit, otherwise the damages are greater for all other owners. >I'm not sure what your point was. My point is that you DO have a part on what your dog is doing, you cannot just let a pet behave like a feral animal. Hence the argument of "this is what the dog feels like doing" is dull. Do you have any concrete data that could challenge the argument that pets are mostly a vanity asset? Because, ... >you are making assumptions here that are invalid ... I would really like to know which side of the story is the most plausible one. Ok, so I cannot comment on dogs since I am not a dog, But somehow you , who are not a dog as well (I presume), just happen to know that dogs prefer domestic life. Nice dissonance there, pal. No, hence why we could assume it has a different purpose, unbeknownst to us. Those people have been dealing with oil for decades, and there'a millions of dollars at stake; assume that they know what they're doing. >Preventing the spread of more ivermectin bullshit is not a 'bad end' and having a Nobel Prize does not make you infallible Wow, what an extremely deluded point of view. And I am, for one, a person who is extremely picky with fallacies and constantly point out appeals to authority (among other things) here on the site, you can check my comment history. Still, this is the guy that discovered the family of compounds that Ivermectin is part of, he is a scientist with no known issues of dishonesty of wrongdoing and he is extremely familiar with the compound and its effects. What is the problem with him giving its opinion on this medication, under the current light of the pandemic we are experiencing? What problem would anyone have with that? Geez. >The problem is that he has no qualifications or data to indicate that it is effective for this specific use. Whew. From: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Satoshi_%C5%8Cmura 1958, Science teacher at Tokyo Metropolitan Sumida Tech High School. 1960, Enrolled in the Tokyo University of Science (TUS) and studied sciences. ~1968, M.S. degree from TUS and his Ph.D. in Pharmaceutical Sciences (literally!) from the University of Tokyo. 1970, Ph.D. in Chemistry at TUS 1973, He became a director of the antibiotic laboratory at Kitasato University. "Since the 1970s, Ōmura has discovered more than 480 new compounds, of which 25 kinds of drugs and reagents are in use." 2015, Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine jointly with William C. Campbell and Tu Youyou for discoveries concerning a novel therapy against infections caused by roundworm parasites. Let me get this straight, so now you and your deluded mind are, somehow, suggesting that this person is not qualified to talk about Ivermectin? Just stop it, really, you're making a fool of yourself. >These are some of the best scientists of all time. OF ALL TIME! How could you doubt them? It's not about that. Forget about the Nobel Prize, the guy still has 50+(!) or so years doing pharma research, plus he discovered Ivermectin, wouldn't you want to hear what he thinks about it? Arguments from authority are wrong, I know, but experts DO exist in any given field and you can't just dismiss what they're saying. >My point is that you DO have a part on what your dog is doing Thanks for supporting my argument >it suggests that even reproducing the smallest excerpts of protected works constitutes copyright infringement Actually, it is. It has to do with whether the small excerpt is copying what could be called "the heart of the work"; which in the case of code I would argue is almost always what you are after. No one's gonna copy the indentation style, boilerplate around functions/blocks, punctuation, etc. You always go for the "functional" part of the code, which is definitely "the heart of the work". The heart of Carmack's fast inverse square root lies in its selection of a particular set of constants and operations that happen (i.e. were designed) to approximate the square root without taking an expensive path. Copyright law would look at this novelty; I don't think it would argue around "the use of subtraction and multiplication in a computer program", as that would be plainly stupid. I am surprised that someone who is supposedly an expert in copyright law does not (or pretends not to know) about this, not only that, but to actually suggest the opposite. This is copyright 101, come on. Yes. No. Edit: Sorry downvoters, whether you like it or not, you don't understand the terminology. You're confusing reproduction with redistribution . Reproduction is enough to cover the first part of your use case. This is mentioned on Github's TOS. For the latter you would need redistribution as it is going into a different product, for which you claim ownership, and with possible modifications/adaptations (this would depend on the rights granted by the license). Nowhere on Github's TOS is the word or concept of redistribution referenced. So, the answer to your original question is "no". Edit: leereeves modified its comment after I wrote this, so it may not make much sense but you can figure out the point. Best! >I think the original question is legitimate and relevant You didn't see the original question, it was edited, so we cannot discuss that further. "[...] which means “distribute” under copyright law" From the site you linked: "Distribute copies or phonorecords of the work to the public by sale or other transfer of ownership or by rental, lease, or lending." What I seem to grasp about the difference between reproducing and redistributing is that it has to do with the concept of "transfer of ownership". Also derivate work and redistribution are not mutually exclusive. The moment you create a new thing and start distributing it (even if you do not modify it), you become the de facto owner of that new product, and copyright law is trying to limit the extent of the rights that apply there. So, in the case of music, it's different thing to play ( reproduce ) a song than to create a new album with your favorite artists that happens to include that particular song ( redistribution ). >GitHub's terms require users to grant both of those Last time I checked (about an hour ago), that wasn't true. Feel free to provide evidence to support your argument. >What you've misunderstood is it is the copies that are sold, not the copyrights. Sorry, I'm not following you anymore. I don't even know what you mean by that sentence. Edit: >This is not what redistribution means. You seem confused about this word. But, that's exactly what redistribution entails ... >"publish" and "share" mean redistribution No. That's something you believe, but it's not necessarily true. Check here, https://copyrightalliance.org/faqs/what-rights-copyright-own... Again, distribution has to do with a transfer of ownership. In layman terms, Github can show your code to others but it cannot give (as in ownership) your code to them. It's a bit tricky here since on the web showing something literally means making a copy at some point, but try to view things under the light of "who owns what" and it's a bit easier to grasp. If you browse through someone's repository, it's pretty clear who the owner of that code is, if a program gives you a chunk of code that it "got from somewhere" there's definitely some sort of change of ownership operation going on; which in this case is interesting, as it went from attributed to someone to missing/unknown . I'm not following your logic, really. Copyright is meant to protect original/authentic/unprecedented expressions , disregarding the medium where they may exist. So I don't really get your point in trying to make distinction between a copy or a "master"(?) or whatever. What's at stake is the originality of the expression and what kind of rights does somebody else (i.e. everyone but the creator) have (or not!) over it. Can I make copies of this original expression? (y/n) Can I use this into a new product of my own? (y/n) Whether something is already a copy or not does not really change the extent of the rights that you have (unless it's explicitly stated in the license, of course). You make some good points, here and on the other comments, so I'm not arguing against you. >In the digital world, showing is "distributing" [...] I guess it has to do with how copyright law adapts to the specific circumstances of this particular case. I guess we won't get an answer until a judge justifies some sort of resolution on either side. My take is that: * GH showing you some source code on their website is akin to reproduction; even though, of course, a binary copy of the code was made and was transmitted to your local browser in order to be displayed. while * GH taking chunks of code from here and there, and making them available into a new product from which they claim ownership (or the final user, or whatever) is more akin to the physical concept of redistribution. But we'll have to wait and see. If someone stabs you, and you have enough time to post about it on the internet, for sure you have time to take a few pictures of it. Me, personally, it would prob. be the first thing I would do after making myself safe, so I have evidence to show. But who knows, the only safe bet is not to believe stuff you read on the internet. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ Edit: Sorry for being rational, but there's no evidence on either side. I saw the picture, it was uploaded by an anonymous user to 4chan, cookieengineer hasn't claimed it belongs to him and it's honestly too perfect to be true, including the sneed cap. I wouldn't discard a 4chan user setting up that scene just for fun. i.e. "I got a better offer at Twitter" Ugh, I love watching movies on my 2D screen while talking to other people and having some snacks. I can't imagine myself (EVER!) changing that experience to one that isolates me and requires me to have a crappy headset squeezing my temples for two hours or so. Just, no. NOOOOO! Nice product! Do you offer (or plan to offer) historical data? Ok I see now, thanks! This is the exact question ("how?") I always ask when someone parrots "tax evasion" and the answers I get back never make any sense, at all. And it's always from a bunch of armchair "tax dodgers" that, judging from the fantasies they share, have never seen an IRS form in their lives. >buying overpriced items to bring illicit cash into legitimate ownership is another No, Christie's (or some other big auction house) is never going to take your money that way. No one, actually. It's the same with real estate. "Just walk in with a million in $20 bills and pay the property with cash". That's not going to happen. Ever. That's a casino, you expect cash to be there. And they're being busted ... so there goes your super laundering operation. You will never buy property and pay for it in cash (in developed countries, obviously). >IRS doesn't care because I already have 100 million dollars in assets Again, that won't happen, ever. The IRS is not going to just forget those 2 million, they don't care if it's "pocket change" for you or not. Also, you are implying that somebody with 100M+ in assets is going to compromise everything to launder 2 million from some other stranger ... Because Elon doesn't operate under the same jurisdiction as us common people. Try calling out a random diver a 'pedo', or perform the most cynical kind of market manipulation (then laughing to the SEC at their face) and your outcome will be very different. It's Animal Farm all over. [flagged] Step 1: Become the CEO/major shareholder of a billion+ dollar company. Step 2: Publicly lie about some purported acquisition with the purpose of manipulating the stock of said company. We can talk after you've done that, from jail probably. >The monorail video is jaw-dropping. Who needs radar right? A few cameras are enough to discern gray concrete structures in the night, oh wait ... Come on, dnautics. This is not hard. You're neither an insider of said companies, nor are you a public figure with enough influence to actually manipulate the market. Wait, so your friend (or acquaintance?), bought an apartment in cash? Or does he regularly makes cash deposits below $10k? Please clarify because those two things are THREE orders of magnitude apart. Buying an apartment with a briefcase full of money is something you see only on Disney movies. Here's what happened another time someone argued that "radar can't detect stationary objects". https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=16722461 Radar does detect stationary objects, come on. Just so we can appreciate the whole spectrum. A random dude made a post on reddit about how he planned to invest all of his meager (in comparison) savings into GameStop stock. The post caught on, we all know what happened, and he ended up being called by the SEC, accused of market manipulation, among other things. https://freespeechproject.georgetown.edu/tracker-entries/sec... I know, but that's still far from making a $1M+-or-so operation with a bunch of cash. That's the whole point, you just can't drop that much gray money on something at once. And this is supposed to imply what exactly? Particularly if you're traveling towards it at 60 mph. Wow, amazing. I stand corrected then, but I don't think you could pull that off on this side of the world. Something like this would be amazing, particularly for poorly written, obfuscated or even disassembled/decompiled code! The guy made it all up. I can't feel bad for them. I lived there for four years (at KAUST), I am deeply familiar with the country and its people. The Saudis are nice and well-intended, but a few bad apples spoil the bunch. I left after my 4yo daughter was kidnapped(!) when I refused to sign some papers regarding my work situation. I am not making this up. The kidnapping was carried away by an Australian professor and a couple American guys working there, but when I tried to look for help I was horrified that this seemed to be business as usual and no one even batted an eye, no jurisdiction. Fortunately, we are safe now and doing better than ever, but, what a story. Until they fix many of these things it will be very hard for them to establish a thriving economy. Called my embassy (even though they told me not to, LOL). When things started to blow out, they realized it was not worth the trouble and they sent us back home. I have to say that we were never injured or anything like that, but still, ... wtf. Moral of the story: ALWAYS call your embassy first. Oh, I can write a book about all of the things I saw there! Send me an email (check profile) and we can chat for sure. Oh, I want to clarify something as that's a delicate thing. With "business as usual", I did not meant stuff like child trafficking was going on, far from it. I meant to allude to the abusive work/life relationships that develop in a place like that, where people are isolated and there's no real supervision from competent authorities. It was like living in a big replica of a Stanford prison experiment, I plan to write about it sometime as it showed me plenty of things about how humans could behave when certain circumstances are met. It would be AMAZING if you could run some linux distro on this, somehow. Edit: I mean, a linux you could control, ssh into it, install stuff etc... Edit 2: Wow! Apparently, you can do all of this out of the box. That would be very nice. I'm actually collecting stories about academic abuse from all around the world. The plan is to launch a website with all stories together to get more exposure. This sort of abuse (not to the degree of what I suffered, but) is quite common within academy, this needs to stop, and the people who perform it/enable it need to be ousted from their positions. >such as some of the blue LEDs used in Xmas tree lights, and the old blue lights that were on police call boxes. Both of those are very hard for me to focus on This happens to me as well and I though I was becoming blind (to blue light) because of my heavy use of monitors/"white" light, etc... >Nancy Pelosi's husband is CEO of a investment firm. It shouldn't be that surprising that she tops the list for investments. I don't know if you're using this as an argument to favor Pelosi, because this, if anything, is only another conflict of interest on top of where she's currently at. The disclosure and use of insider information from public companies can get you in big trouble, even if you're married to the people involved. There's a reason why CEOs (and the like) take HUGE caution measures when liquidating stock and try to involve family as least as possible. Norway (and others) did that for a while and they kind of got scammed. See, https://www.reuters.com/article/us-brazil-environment-norway... And that's not even an XY example ... You guys are so confused you don't even get yourselves. The XY problem is "I'm trying to do Y" -> "Are you sure you don't want X?" This is "I'm trying to do X" -> "Here's how you do X" It's a real bummer when a public organization (like the government) demands ISO-compliance on something as they're only putting another brick in their profit wall. And they can be quite expensive, at $100 or so /each, sometimes you deal with a bunch of standards from the same category and have to pay $1000s just to be able to read them . Complete nonsense. Your Y is not a different problem, it's just a poorly worded description of X. In an XY-problem situation, X and Y are different problems. I hope they improved their service though. The promise is great but last time I tried them it was a very slow and buggy experience. Will definitely give it a try again, thanks! Yup, for a recent project we needed to comply with some environmental norms and ended up spending about 2k. It's usury. >There are procedures to put out lithium-ion fires that aren't just "let it burn". Can you provide more info on this? I'm very casual on the topic from what I've read is kind of impossible to put them out. Sometimes they have to throw the EV on a water tank and let it sit there for days. Oh boy, if I am the best in the whole world at my discipline, and my performance has been broadcasted to everybody, and there's billions here and there made because of it. For sure I want my damn medal to be pure gold. This is just a blatant lie. Come on, man! Could you share more details about your startup? If you wish to do it privately, check links at my bio. Best! Wow, so much memories on this. My cousins loved it. I still have a dusty SNES w/ that game somewhere in a closet around my parents home. So glad to see it featured here. :') Your argument is fine in itself, the sexist remark is unnecessary. Lol, these guys sell themselves for peanuts. If you have ETH but not use any wallet, should you do something? >Imagine if every homeless person in SF got over their drug habit or was cured of their mental illness or physical disability or what ever other issue they had that drove them to being homeless. Wow, privilege makes you blind, indeed. >The CO2 emitted is not a concern because it's carbon from the current environment. Nope, it doesn't work like that. Source: Business very related to this exact activity. Because the CO2 goes back to the atmosphere. It's definitely better than doing nothing, but an hypothetical company doing business as usual and then buying the necessary carbons offsets from permanent carbon sequestration projects would be better for the atmosphere. Of course, the ideal scenario would be a company that does both things (reduce + offset). >The usual square law still applies. Would that still be true for a light (or w/e) beam that is perfectly collimated? Yes. Because the net effect of the latter is zero carbon on the atmosphere. Yes, and life and ecological systems adapted around particular levels of it. Man put too much back in recent years (see [1]) so we'd like to take it off there because the vast majority of current research points to it being a bad thing for the weather dynamics of the planet. 1: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carbon_dioxide_in_Earth%27s_at... Is that a law or something? I was thinking of a hypothetical case. >"Diffraction refers to various phenomena that occur when a wave encounters an obstacle or opening." >In a vacuum. Read more. Close to zero as growing the grain was not "free" conversion from atmospheric CO2 to glucose or w/e. It is always net zero if you're pedantic and say the earth is a closed system plus conservation of matter. But the whole premise (i.e. the concern ) is that there's too much CO2 as an atmospheric gas and it would be better if some of it were instead somewhere else. If you take from the atmosphere but then put it back it doesn't really help alleviate the problem. You confuse theory w/ practice. It could be due to the original source being bound to some usage restrictions. >Burning wood is net zero. Nope, when you do that, you're moving CO2 into the atmosphere. I get your point, "but what if you somehow made that wood explicitly to burn it", but the whole idea is to sequester carbon and keep it out, remove it . Fossil fuel's CO2 also came from the atmosphere, no sane person would suggest that burning it is net zero. Whew, but looks like you have US' EPA on your side: https://www.smithsonianmag.com/smart-news/epa-declares-burni... >The diffraction limit is a well supported theoretical limit that is caused by the wave nature of light. That's not written in stone yet, it's a good approximation but still falls down under specific conditions. It is truly a shame that yarn is "the other package manager" in node as npm is an utter load of c*ap and the only reason it succeeded is because of nepotism favoring its "creator", Isaac Schlueter. Wish you the best with this and hope the tide turns on your favor eventually :) For reals? When I saw the Starship pic I would've never thought, not even remotely, about the NYC one. >The first batch of 30 hand-cranked washing machines >Mass production Okay I was going to comment on a similar line. I come from the OOP school and have done 10s-100s(?) of C/C++ projects, which I like, btw. But when I discovered FP it was an eye opener, the breadth of things that became possible/tractable is great, even my OOP programs became much better because of it. I think that the OOP curriculum is actually a regression, and would recommend anyone who is just starting out to try out FP first. If you're in the market for lightweight but fast search engines, I would recommend you take a look to typesense [1], instead; or even sonic [2], if it fits your use case. MeiliSearch does not give you anything on top of them (i.e. neither as feature complete as [1], not as fast as [2]). And I personally stopped using them after a really bad experience I had with their "developers". They don't really care about you and it shows, also, they were kind of rude when I reported some bugs to them. I moved to typesense and it's a whole different world, their creators truly enjoy that you're using their product; same thing with sonic, Valerian is the kind of hacker you'd want as a friend, super talented, super easy going, you could ask a completely dumb question on their GH and he takes the time to explain things to you at length. I know its open source, I know I didn't pay a dime, but for me, that kind of attitude makes it or break it. Plus, you actually get a superior product. 1: https://typesense.org/ 2: https://github.com/valeriansaliou/sonic >[...] a search engine for government transparency records with an NGO What? Are you me? Haha. Check your email, hermano! Yeah I agree with you in that there's definitely a steep curve for newcomers. Some work on that is needed, but it's coming along, take @blagovest's comment as an example. As with anything in life, just don't give up. Everything sucks till it's finished :D >Are you a founder from a non English speaking country? Glad to take a look at it, shoot me an email! Anyone else thinks the video looks a lot like CGI? Nice job, nonetheless. Yeah, the lightning seems weird for me as well, and some movements look kind of blurry. Who knows. Could you share more info about the use case? Like a Google Docs kind of thing or w? There's algo GUN [1], but I tried it and it's too opinionated for my taste. For those who like it, it seems to be quite good. 1: https://gun.eco/ There's only one way out*, so you always pee it out somehow. * Ignoring minute traces of minerals that are lost through transpiration People maybe but not the industry. I don't understand at all how you got downvoted for posting this. Thanks for the tip, cheers! LinkedIn for job hunting sucks, I guess. I use it for networking and for cold contacting that I don't know. For me, it does it job well. Yep, it's funny to see people complaining about it when it is literally working as intended. You are right, and finding data on that is trivial. It is quite foolish to argue against that. ??? You seem to imply that Malaria has killed more humans throughout history than heart disease. Laughably, you do not show any source to back up your statement ¯\_(ツ)_/¯. I disagree based on extremely easy to obtain numbers from sources like [1]. Malaria at 200k/year is not even close to Ischaemic heart disease at at about 9M/year. That is an almost 50-fold difference (!). Given that we have experienced an exponential growth in population in the last 100 or so years, I would not be inclined to believe that something in the past has enough weight to shift the numbers in such dramatic way to invert this trend (50 to 1); and that's being VERY generous and assuming that somehow, in the past, for whatever reason, nobody died from heart disease, at all. If you have a substantial contribution to make please do so and provide data to support your arguments, otherwise, refrain from spreading lies and FUD. [1] https://www.who.int/news-room/fact-sheets/detail/the-top-10-... >For most of history and much of the less developed modern world, heart disease is not much of an issue. >not. much. of. an. issue. Sorry but I can only laugh at that statement. Do you live in a different "world", by chance? Where I live (Earth, third planet from the sun) heart related conditions are always leading causes of death, even in poor countries. Yeah, I'd like to jump on that bandwagon, if you have any leads please share them. Best. Not sure why you're downvoted, it's been happening every month or two for more than a year now. I concur, I know about Carmack since I started coding games 15 or so years ago, we've even met in person. Yet, somehow, I didn't knew about Armadillo until this thread. Wow. Uuuhm... no? Evolving implies some change to the genetic material, compared w/ prior generations. Viruses can do that, and quite quickly, we can't. >[...] for a range of reasons which I don’t think have been resolved Care to elaborate? I'm very interested in this. Thanks. >I still think that true level 5 [...] requires AGI. Oh, but of course! I'm still surprised by people who think otherwise. The amount of corner cases that you have to solve while driving is pretty much limitless, you cannot "train" something on that, heck, some humans are not even fit for that. We are *FAR* from truly autonomous vehicles. >Is this what Mozilla employees are being paid to do these days? That would explain whatever happened to Firefox. Shameless plug: If anyone is looking to get rid of Chrome but don't like Firefox for any reason, try Brave, it is a great browser, really. >but as an awful person to work with I see what you mean but keep in mind this is where she(?) vents out, so that should make some things show more than others. >about drama where some walking bridges on her works campus were closed and she wasn't happy about that Oh noes! Should we cancel her for that? I feel like you're making a storm in a glass of water. >Certainly doesn't seem like someone I would want to work with either. But you don't work with her ... so what's the real issue here? Absurd that an article about RAM speed doesn't show a single number/figure about said RAM speed. >the artist's PR team Funny how someone who "no one knows who he is" has a PR team, is able to run auctions, put exhibitions in museums, send and receive money, etc... Only a numbnut would believe those things could happen "anonymously". Yeah ... and that's my point. Yeah, what I don't like is the hypocrisy of that and the authorities who play along. (S)he plays the "oh but you can't find me ;)" card every time it needs to escape prosecution ... yet makes use of the same legal system when it goes on its favor. (i.e. tries to trademark its art, sues others who reproduce it [1]). Good thing the EU doesn't play along. As for me, I just dislike charlatans, disregarding of how famous they may be. 1: https://www.theguardian.com/artanddesign/2020/sep/17/banksy-... Honest question. Why would a white dress look blue under natural light? Funny how GP parroted the words of LeCunn, word by word. This is a big issue in Science, actually. One guy speaks and thousands follow. We are still in the dark ages. Hi! Learn something new today -> https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shooting_the_messenger Twitter is having an identity crisis, sad. This is born dead, very few people (even at the scale of twitter) pay for stuff which is already free. My guess is some bean counting VP found out and took it away. >or having a party past 10pm Unfortunately, sometimes, freedom is a zero-sum game. I'd rather be free to sleep comfortably at night, than being "freee tooo parrtyyyy, broooo". And those who complain about this are usually the kind of people I wouldn't want near my house. I love to have the freedom to live in a regulated neighborhood with like-minded people and those who don't like it are free as well to go buy a house literally anywhere else in the world. No. If you can afford a house in the US you can for sure afford to live in any of these places and enjoy whatever good they offer. The opposite is much more complicated. This makes you more free than people over there. Also, in general terms, more money == more freedom. I get your teacher was dumb, but technically it could be on the right side. It all depends on whether you were writing it or saying it, "1 + 1 = 10" is true in binary but "one plus one equals ten" is not, not even in binary. Err... sorry I don't know said teacher, I was just following along your comment, where you seem to portray the teacher in such way. You even do it in this comment, condescendingly, >I would not expect a kindergarten teacher to be [...] fully educated in other counting methods than base 10 Honestly, it's not that big of a deal to know binary or not. But anyway, that aside, you completely missed the point of my comment. Whew. Down because too much traffic ... Completely tangential rant: I just saw a tweet of a guy serving 200k connections on a $5 USD instance. I believe it because I've experienced it first hand several times. Serving static pages in 2021 is not a big deal, at all. On the other hand, this is anandtech, a huge site that's been going on for years (decades?). For sure they get a lot of traffic, but I doubt they get something like 1M+ simultaneous requests per second. Can't they just solve this problem already? Whoever is in charge of their tech stack is hardly doing its job, this is unexcusable. >a company choosing its customers ??? But they literally just banned one of them ... Sometimes you're so good and qualified for something that some guy inside gets jealous and moves a few strings to keep you away. Happens more often than not. So, ignore that and keep up doing what you do, which is great btw. Maybe they DID hire IBM and made all those things and still, after some years and a couple million dollars, the platform delivered can't handle more than 1,000 or so visitors. 504 Gateway Timeout Several times over the course of like an hour. It was a mmesage from Cloudflare, saying that your site took a long time to reply. ~14,000 acres of solar panels (plus maintenance and stuff) is no easy feat tho. Coincidentally, that's the size of the largest solar park in the world -> https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bhadla_Solar_Park Speculation: they probably knew the (bitcoin) address was used on some dirty thing but they needed a way to tie it to someone in meatspace which can be prosecuted. They could still call him for some "pre recorded message we just found" or w/e. I also find it quite rude since morpheus is arguably the most (after neo, of course) representative character of the franchise. >[...] Title IX investigator asked them if they knew anything about me beating my wife and children The "investigator" was trying to frame him on that. It's amazing how low some people are willing to go for a few bucks and a pat in the back. >We need to educate more people against logical fallacies Definitely! And train them on how to identify and fend this sort of abuse, particularly on students (and youth in general) who often find themselves in situations where there is a huge power imbalance playing against them. While I was studying at KAUST (Saudi Arabia's flaghship university), my daughter was kidnapped by the staff there and held hostage for a few weeks, all of this to try to get me to sign some documents I didn't want to [1]. Aside from other things, they were desperately trying to get some dirt on me using such tactics, so that part of the post resonated with me very well. I am in the process of writing a book about this whole ordeal with the intent of letting other people learn from my experience and how to get out of this sort of thing in time, or better yet, never fall into it in the first place. 1: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=27827524 >Would you like to try something different, in an exotic and funny-sounding language? Casually derogatory joke, a classic. >but we aren't doing this yet Or anything at all it seems ... It honestly looks like any other android tablet out there now ... even the cheap ones. Ugh. Oh yeah but it's All-Screen™ now, so my eyes may be wrong. >could charge Zuck criminally for anti-vax statements on Facebook Care to elaborate? I'm out of the loop on this one. LOL Two weeks ago I got downvoted for saying this thing was born dead. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=28386745 I didn't knew it would happen this fast, though. Twitter lost its way, that's quite clear now. Hmmm ... yes? Actually ... If you instead gave that $1USD/day to whatever carbon ofsetting startup out there you would neutralize your carbon footprint and even go into "negative emissions" territory. So yes, that dollar could save the earth. >mostly a scam Citation needed. I am familiar with the field and can tell you that there's plenty of honest, transparent companies working on this. Err ... that's an opinion from a guest writer on Greenpeace's blog. Anyone could, thus, opine in the opposite direction and we're back to where we started. To be fair she raises some valid points but they all revolve around tree-based carbon offsetting. On the last couple years, there has been an explosion in carbon removal techniques and startups who, as the term says, literally and measurably take carbon away from the atmosphere. I believe this to be the kind of solution that makes sense, and, regarding costs, it is still within the realm of "offset your personal emissions for $1/day". There's a handful but to be honest most of them are still developing their technology so they could be vaporware in the end. One of the most mature ones, though, is Climeworks [1], and you can buy offsets from them already. 1: https://climeworks.com/ See my other comment here, https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=28582012 Asking the right questions. Sorry to break it to you, but plenty of people prefer stability over novelty. >I generally want a new kernel/OS underneath Huh? That's weird, Linux, OSX and Windows kernels have been battle-tested and hardened for like 30 years or so now. I can't imagine what kind of application would need a different kernel to start with. Aside from security concerns (which you didn't mention, plus one could argue an LTS is safer), could you give a specific example of: >what I'm building can take advantage of it (improvements to filesystems, networking stack etc..) https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=26745275 Is it really worth it to jump into a completely new feature to get marginal improvements on the most basic stuff (io, networking, etc...), all of this, in exchange of working with unstable APIs and unproven security vectors? My answer is no but I can picture people who would say yes. I guess it's a matter of personal preference (plus I work on stuff that has to be reliable, above everything else). I read those comments as "OP doesn't even know the difference between a kernel and a distro". The whole statement seems to nake that premise clear :^) >Basically at scale is a engineered bioreactor cheaper than the natural blood & bones bioreactor? No, it's not. That's what the whole article is about. It won't be cost effective, not even at that scale . Plus, it gives some other physical/pragmatic reasons on why it may not be even possible to do it (disregarding costs). >WIV is fairly far from the neighborhood where things got going. Still closer than Southeast Asia, though. >If it was a natural virus it is way, way more likely that it would have infected locals Not really, if they've been coexisting with the virus for a while they could be somewhat immune already. Also, you cannot compare the impact of an outbreak in a rural town in Laos vs. Wuhan with 11 million people and much more international commuters. How can a tire be illegal? (Honest question) Do they damage the road or something? LOL, you can only laugh when you see this kind of story while the average joe struggles with life at just the slightest mistake. When I was a student (but under a contract nonetheless) I was once threatened with termination because I took off my shoes while at my desk on a Friday at around 6pm (everyone left at 4pm, but I wanted to finish something that bugged me the whole week). Another guy next to me noticed it (trust me, there was no foul smell ;)) and it filed a report on misbehavior. What ensued was one of the most bizarre episodes I ever experienced with regards to "corporate life" (although I was in academy but w/e). I got several emails from people that were somehow involved in that chain of command condemning the action; plus I had to go through two serious conversations regarding the incident, one with my direct supervisor and another one with the director of the whole faculty (!), where he took his time to explain to me how no one would like to employ somebody who displays such unprofessional behavior, etcetera ... Turns out that, for some people, it is a big deal if you take off your shoes, while sitting at your desk, on your office, on a Friday night. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ Fast forward to today and (quoting the great Mark Levine): "The CEO of the company gave a potential investor a fake email address for a big customer, and then the COO digitally altered his voice to impersonate that customer on a call with the investor [...]" but "[...] the board decided not to investigate because ... they were satisfied that this was just a one-time thing, a little oopsie, everything else that the company does is completely aboveboard, and anyway no harm no foul" Whew! We all play the same game, right? Just not under the same rules. Most higher-ups in academia don't do much. But ssh, don't tell anybody ;). >If I quote a string, you better be goddamn sure it’s present on the pages that you show me. I'd pay significant money for this (20-30 USD/month), plus very few search operators that actually make sense (i.e. and, or, not). But yeah, we got AI instead ... (pure crap IMO) Heh ... I did something similar without thinking about bandwidth. I had a huge corpus of data and ran some instances that were basically downloading+parsing+summarizing data for a couple days. Again, I didn't think of bandwidth as they were EC2 instances querying S3 objects, what could go wrong, it's Amazon to Amazon, right? Wrong. Bill came up in the 10,000s USD range ... fortunately, it happened during a trial period where I could spend a lot of money for ~three months. I moved my stuff into a small-ish cluster of unmetered VPS and the whole thing is 100x cheaper. I know V8 from the inside out (used it as a standalone component on several of my projects) and it truly is a modern engineering marvel. If you asked someone in the 50s how long until you could have 1TB of data in a chip the size of a fingernail (also cheap), it would've probably laughed and said "in a million years". Yet, here we are now ... I'm all in regarding this but I see a big issue regarding corruption and nepotism. For instance, it does not say that in TFA, but it is implied that some sort of fund would have to be created to manage and distribute all that new money. Let's consider that, as a natural consequence, a big part of that money goes to buying carbon credits/offsets; that's a billion euro bill that is going to make "the right person" very rich, very fast. And before one says something like "but we are not like that", just remember Austria just came out of a huge political crisis a few years ago. Imagine what would happen to this money in other least developed countries. A possible solution would be to keep things as democratic and transparent as they could possibly be. >Operational complexity is orthogonal, and tends to be inversely proportional to simplicity in implementation ... I'm not sure what your point is with this. All complexity is operational complexity.