Nobody actually programs in the IR of a compiler, except for (say) tests and debugging. The IR is not usually designed to be read to by humans, although LLVM is actually very readable (But still rather tedious). If you looked at, just for an example, the IR used in the dmd d compiler, using (Walter Bright's) Digital Mars backend then you'd notice that the IR is not trivial to access at all. Last time I checked, you had to actually dive into the backend code (I'm pretty sure there's an undocumented flag/switch that I'm missing somewhere) to get the IR out of the compiler. In fairly sharp contrast to this, getting the IR (in a textual format!) is normally as simple as using -emit-llvm when compiling. This is part of the revolution (~Slight~ exaggeration) that LLVM brought about in compiler design: Compared to most other compilers, LLVM is designed to be very portable. The only compiler, of similar stature, like it is GCC. GCC is much better than it was, I'd imagine because of the competition from LLVM/Clang. Tangent Aside: The LLVM IR textual format is not guaranteed to be stable at all . It's also not particularly nice to program in, and also it uses SSA form so it's not suitable for humane consumption. It looks like a high level programming language, but it really isn't. IR is designed to be generated, bullied and discard by the compiler. If you want to punish yourself, the LLVM project does contain interpreters and compilers just for IR in a file. If I remember correctly, Clang will compile anything with a ?.ll? file as IR. You can see all the optimisation passes in action here: https://godbolt.org/g/uZH3UD GHC compiles haskell through about a million different IRs and abstract machines, until eventually reaching Cmm, which is effectively a similar idea to LLVM IR (A very simple C ish imperative language). Any benefits to be had, should be fairly straightforward for the GHC folks to use, which should be cool. [Citation needed] LLVM IR is an IR format, :). Basically LLVM is just a abstract RISC, whereas the JVM is a lot of that with a truck load of very high level instructions. One could implement these as a superset of LLVM, but that's not what LLVM is. You, mostly, can JIT LLVM IR and use it as a generic bytecode vm: but it's really designed for static copmilation. I wasn't trying to be critical, it's just significantly more than most languages (With good reason!). This is a good thing, I dream of when we will have libraries/frameworks for doing these kind of high level program transformations in a modular way a la LLVM. Likely never, LLVM IR uses SSA form. This means that optimisations are easier, but the "assembly" is significantly higher lever than assembly a la MIPS. IR is for doing optimisations not executing code (although LLVM does have interpreters if that's what ya need) Just for some more data, Swift is (Possibly still in the process of, but I don't follow swift so they could have finished years ago) moving to a higher level IR, for similar reasons to Rust and Haskell. In principle that could happen, but LLVM IR is really not designed for anything other than being transformed by LLVM. One could define an abstract risc machine, to be jitted at either side. LLVM is not quite suitable for this purpose: It assumes quite a few details about the target. Also, this requires a huge amount of co-operation. So far this has only happened in the browser with e.g. ECMAScript standardization, asm.js and WebAsm. The JVM tried to do this, but it's not a good compilation target for languages like C/C++. Therefore, I think will happen eventually: The web browsers will develop the tools and specifications to make this stuff, then it will get broken off and used outside of the web ( I hope , god forbid all software has to be distributed via the web using overlyHypedWebScale.js v2) :-). I think GCC has/had IR's that are LISP like. Regardless of your education, once you learn a set of technologies well enough it generally becomes easy to just start working on a problem. Also, I don't mean to be invidious but, programming languages are normally the easy part: Unless you jump from (say) VB.Net to Haskell most programming languages are actually fairly similar. In fact, programming languages are boring: Once you know a few, particularly if you know a bit about compilers (e.g. can work from the specification/grammar, Haskell made sense only after I'd read SPJ( possibly et al)'s, it becomes fairly easy to pick up a new programming language. However , software engineering is very important (e.g. Style, testing and optimisation, i.e. for the cache, are all very important skills that I'd assume most people learn by themselves. I'm 16, so I can't exactly speak from experience; I also don't have any data: My guess would be that because of the difficulty of getting into the top schools/Unis, they cream off the top students. These students then spend years honing their skills, however (assuming your observations are true) they get particularly good at the more rigorous/theoretical side of their science. Supposedly, that would help you focus on the stuff that matters(TM). In practice, I think that this is probably not true. I'd be fairly surprised (Or shocked) if MIT et al just spat out magically excellent engineers. I'd guess, that it just provides a nice foundation to learn on top of. You can tag a block @nogc, if you just need to avoid it for a specific part of your program. This can be done with the whole program, but quite a lot of the standard library requires the GC. I should point out that the GC has no problems that affect day to day usage, the stuff people complain about is when it's running for a while (it's conservative atm so it leaks). Does that mean that the backend can be rewritten in D at some point? Speaking of which, there could be a standard D intermediate language (Or is there one? I've never at the glue code in between the frontend and backend/s) I think D will hit some sort of critical mass soon, probably through the form of a corporate sponsor ( a la google and Go). Obviously, it's entirely possible that D will indeed fade away, but that would be a real shame. The way D is designed is very holistic: the combination of ranges, UFCS and CTFE (and modules) all made me really hate using C++. I've ended up being more productive (even with toys that I never touch again) in D than with that dynamically typed languages like python and js. D's garbage collector is both written in D and entirely optional, that alone should qualify it as a systems language. The gc can be disabled with @nogc, the command line flags are only if you want to disable it for the whole program or if you want warnings as to where the allocations happen. https://godbolt.org/g/IQ0O06 Compiler backends are another topic that can really extends one's knowledge of their hardware. You end up having to learn a least a bit of every layer underneath your code e.g. ISAs, Calling Conventions and scheduling. Productivity. D is a very pragmatic systems language. C++ interop is basically unparalleled, UFCS makes writing libraries less traumatic and CTFE is just plain useful. On top of this, the type system is both concurrency aware and has the best generics I've ever used (Subjective as it gets, but that's my experience). If you want safety guarantees just tag a scope as @safe. Also, static reflection works really well. Compiles(with DMD, ldc and gdc are still fast but are not as fast) are fast and D is not really comparable with Go (For example). D is much more complex (and I my opinion simpler to write through said complexity, but obviously opinions differ), whereas Go is supposed to be simple to learn and implement. There are smart pointer libaries, and also implementing ref counting is much more straightforward than in C++ because the type system knows whether data is being shared or not. I should add that the GC actually works perfectly fine for normal work, it justs not up to the competition (Partly because of having to work with traditional dynamic memory). Full closures, function literals, delegates... Basically everything you'd expect. Better design choices or better design? D compile times alone are an advantage. I should probably point out that D can actually do some (More than anyone else) C++ interop. Appel's Modern compiler implementation in ML is really good, as both an introduction to compilers and some detail on implementing the runtime i.e. garbage collection. There are versions for C and Java, but ML is much easier to read in a book. If you want a (slightly ugly) encyclopedia of compiler optimisations and IR designs, then Steven Muchnick's Advanced compiler design and implementation is great. Also, on the functional front SPJ's book ( https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/research/publication/the-imp... ) is really good. While unfinished, Write You a Haskell is also a really interesting read. Yeah. AFAIK The C version only exists because ML is too niche for mainstream publishing. ML actually works as decent pseudocode(Or at least easier to mentally transpile to other langauges, unlike e.g. Haskell) as well, so the C/Java versions are basically pointless. I think the idea of mixing between an interpreter to a Compiler (either or JIT) is a bit stupid. The only way to realistically be able to statically define an api boundary, then implement library-dependant static analysis inside the language. This is already possible with today's tools except that most languages can't guarantee compile time evaluation or provide enough static reflection. I'm assuming that by "scale the strictness", you don't mean optional lazyness? I found that, for someone with programming experience, the core LaTeX is quite easy to teach. I use it for all my school projects, and ShareLaTeX just works. I also managed to use it(Nothing Fancy) collaboratively with a friend of mine, with only ~5min introduction (Although I was sat next to him, so not quite the same as learning it alone). Questions: "Many optimisations that can really help high level managed languages like Kotlin simply don’t apply to C++": Which optimisations? "Larger code bloats downloads and uses more RAM, lowering cache utilisation". This depends on your definition of cache utilisation : The code gets compiled, regardless of whether it's AOT or JITed, therefore the cache gets used anyway? "You know, when we had our first C++ compiler, at AT&T, I compiled 'Hello World', and couldn't believe the size of the executable. 2.1MB" -- Barney Soupstuck, 1998 That's called profile-guided optimisation and most good optimising compilers do it. Not a particularly good example, however the JVM can do it in a slightly different way because doing PGO on every build/test or in the wild is prohibitively annoying (e.g. The JVM can do it for each time it runs, rather than when the compiler is told to) Not Rust's (Specifically). LLVM IR is actually quite high level as it is, so you can just use it as is. Compiler IRs are normally not that difficult to implement (Designing them is a whole different thing), so it wouldn't be (If a group of devs decided do it) that difficult to define IRs with lowering between each of them. After transforming into a (Approximately C level) IR (Like Cmm in Haskell), you can emit LLVM IR to handle code generation, Register Allocation, LTO etc. Quite a lot, or at least by proxy given that you would have to talk to library and compilers that are written in C++. However: Some libraries/packages do expose a C api, which you could use in a language assuming it had a decent FFI. A lot of major C++ projects use exceptions, which you will have to catch and handle inside of the C++ because even if C could catch exceptions, there is no guarantee of ABI compatibility. Some languages, I think D can do it, can catch an exception thrown in C++ code. You might have better luck integrating a standard data interface between the C++ and any other language: However, that could be a little slow. 1. They do make jokes about that. 2. It's not as funny as you suggest: The Poor voting for Trump is, depending on your own perspective, either pointless or tragic. I mean, what could be funnier than decades of crippling inequality? 3. "Colbert thinks he illuminates while he is really only promoting a different set of class values". That's rather vague, I think it's reasonable to say that we all do that whenever we talk about anything political. Why should he be decent ? Donald Trump is extremely unpopular https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/trump-approval-ratings/ , with a congress passing unpopular legislation (e.g. the AHCA). So I think there is some statistical justification for the shear amount of "partisan jokes". NB: I do not think positively, in any way, of this administration: I'm probably (Maybe even provably) biased. I agree, some of the humour is pretty lazy and I think the well will dry up soon; then we'll be left with stuff like Jon Stewart used to make, John Oliver is now (Large policy based segments, with jokes) and presumably Colbert. I'm surprised that the US doesn't really have a show akin to spitting image (UK): It seems like a ripe time for a relativly personality free satire show (Unless I'm just blind and I've missed something). Wow, fancy that! He's left-wing, but not that kind of left winger (socialist) a la Corbyn. In principle I'd guess it'd work. I have absolutely no idea as to whether it does anything for people with actually illness, but I have a similar thing that (not sure how to word it) is very ?distracting? That's still not really unique to rust, D (at least) does that too. However, good point nonetheless. Spinal Tap Atlantic tour? I only read it for the TV guide! Sounds like you might like D (dlang.org). It does C better than C, has functional features without being as ridiculously complex as C++. The answer is fairly obvious: dlang is a nicer language, by design. Go isn't meant to be particularly impressive on the language design/innovation front. Is it worth pointing out that the compiler flags for the D program didn't use ldc's full optimisation settings? Namely, link time optimisation (But not sure if that would have helped here or not), cross module inlining (Possibly the same as before, but I know that this inlines parts of the runtime (AA implementation) and -O3 (As opposed to -O). I can only give my own biased opinion: Go's only advantage is it's commercial adoption e.g. builtin in support in AppEngine and co. I am not referring to it's ecosystem: While gofix and friends are very good, D has similar tools available + the usual bells and whistles for IDEs. By chance, I found (while looking for a rob pike quote) this article critiquing Go's design: It uses D to demonstrate it's arguments. http://nomad.so/2015/03/why-gos-design-is-a-disservice-to-in... D compile times are great for the reference compiler and ok for the other two. The GC is a bit of a mess, but still works well enough for most things thrown at it. D allows "manual management" C or C++ style (#include ). D's goto build system is called dub, it also handles packages hosted on dlang.org: I know no defects or problems with it, it's pretty good. Actually the standard libraries containers (In D) are fairly poor/ignored. Also concurrency in D is not traditional in the way you seem to imply: Immutability and message passing are the recommended way to do it, Fibers are also in the standard library. So, is go assembly the IR inside the Go compiler? The point here is that you can write both the python and the C version in the same language. Your C version, excluding the preprocessor, might already compile as a D program anyway. I hear people recommend smalltalk a lot, it sounds like a good teaching language. I found bruteforcing my way through assembly (On a little PIC) to be of great educational value: Small instruction set, complete control over the memory and you even get to flash some LEDs as well! If you want to teach Software Engineering (Real world stuff), I think teaching by getting people to do it themselves + being motivated to learn it. Giving a wirlwind tour of language design philosophies and implementations sounds like a good idea. This approach avoids too much focus on a single programming language: Therefore one can really compare the Pros and Cons of using Haskell/ML vs. C++. Read lots of Scott Meyers and force yourself to read STL code. Bjarnes books are good but a bit pricey so I'd avoid paying for them. If you can stomach learning to use it, although it's much simpler (IMO) at scale!, LaTeX is very nice. https://www.sharelatex.com/ is even nicer. emacs Kerbal Space Program is a game that we're quite lucky to have. No microtransactions, no DRM, just sciencey goodness. Except for those making it, who Squad apparently didn't bother paying anywhere near what they were worth. I got L&L classical mechanics when I was 14, immediately after reading Susskind's theoretical minimum + lots of much more advanced calculus books. I liked it: It took me a very long time to understand it (Below the surface), but I often go back to it as either a reference book or to remind me of just how terse textbooks can be. It would seem we've been able to see the real Nigel Farage, now that he has moved away. Rust? The D standard library's Algorithms and ranges are nice. Realistically, most production code for things people depend on is quite well done: e.g. LLVM is pretty easy to read. Opposite of this: STL implementations come to mind. Come on, it's not exactly difficult to read? If Knuth used loads of rare x64 instructions then I'd accept the premise, but this is( http://mmix.cs.hm.edu/doc/instructions-en.html ) is practically simple. Would this, or current technology, be fast enough to have a (professional grade) Oscilloscope as a PCIe card? It's my understanding (I don't work around top of the line so I'm probably wrong) that even the best scopes don't have particularly amazing interfacing with regular PCs because of low data bandwidth with their interfaces. This nearly makes me think of Al Franken's Supply Side Jesus. Why C++ doesn't have modules yet ;) Kerbal Space Program. Any Civ Game. I suspect that I'll be playing Fallout 4 for a while, even though it's really not that good: There's something distractingly immersive about wandering around the Commonwealth listening to the radio. Similarly, Skyrim. Is Go suitable for OS/Systems development? Inline Assembly would be nice to have. I'm guessing a project like this will need to implement the Go runtime given that (I'm assuming) it uses posix (Or windows etc.) system calls. D is a very nicely language for doing OOP in Are they using soft-cores on a fpga or actually synthesizing a design specific to one's go code? Am I blind or is is the website not very clear? One could also do this in D as well. it's not that impressive. Using C is just plain dumb these days. I would have thought that avoiding memory safety bugs is worth the price of some "hipsters". Edit: it would appear to be ironic just a prank bro Haskell is probably the worst teaching language I can think of (Of the set of languages that are considered good/production worthy) Steal a copy of a textbook on libgen then read it. Try the exercises, if you can't do them then find out what you need to learn. This certainly works for physics (Obviously don't start with a graduate QED textbook). http://abstract.ups.edu/download/aata-20160809.pdf try that for size. Another good resource, except for the latter parts only being obviously useful for physics: http://www.staff.science.uu.nl/~gadda001/goodtheorist/primar... This ( http://insti.physics.sunysb.edu/~siegel/errata.shtml ) is a free (As in Beer and also possibly speech) field theory textbook. So far it's pretty good. I can't comment on the deeper parts of the book, because I don't get it yet (I don't really have the time atm to slog through a 900 page book, as much as I'd love to) Well I can program in assembler if that pleases you, oh blessed dmr prophet. C is simply not worth using unless you have to due to existing constraints etc. I'm interpreting "Teaching language" to be the first language students learn. How can one explain the need for monadic IO properly without explaining how regular printf and the like work. Also, Haskell is quite scary to the beginner (Although I personally find it much simpler/more consistent than the Java and C++) If it's (say) the third language they learn, then Haskell is absolutely perfect for the exact reason/s you have stated. Personally, I actually learnt Haskell by accident (Read SPJ's book about lazy functional language implementation, realized SPJ started Haskell then learnt more from there). I know that it's crazy I know that it's nowhere But there is no denying that It's hip to be square ? Yes, but the D community isn't structured enough to have such a specific goal. The main effort that I can think of is dip1008, which aims to add reference counted exceptions (Thus eliminating one of the few truly difficult things to get around, e.g. @nogc exceptions require user cooperation else memory gets leaked) Getting rid of the GC completely will never happen: It's too useful. Being able to not have to manually annotate memory lifetime (shared_ptr, unique_ptr) is very useful. I don't think having it done automatically in the compiler is ever going to happen (politically, rather than technically) No it does not. C++ templates mean matching the name mangling. That already works. Catching C++ exceptions is being worked on now. It is a clear alternative to C++. The GC is optional. Modules (Alone would be enough imo) If you want to allocate an object on the stack, then use std.conv : emplace and alloca. This( https://wiki.dlang.org/Memory_Management#Allocating_Class_In... ) method also exists but is on the road to deprecation This is being worked on, but there is already memory safety checks implemented in the compiler (That one can use now) "-dip1000" Code completion yes. (DCD provides this as a library). d-mode for emacs is nice, both of the plugins for vs-code I know work. There are plugins/extensions for (i think) xcode and (i know) Jetbrains's stuff (I don't use it so i can't really comment. Refactoring, no. Edit: There is also a D-specific IDE called coedit, which is pretty good AFAIK Some benchmarks favour LLVM, some favour GCC. Maybe he's not a man child, but what's his MO? His approval ratings are shite, so somethings not working No, they really are shite: https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/trump-approval-ratings/... The only special election they should be disappointed about is georgia 6th. Many of the rest have been fairly encouraging, given that they have been competitive in red districts. When I say disappointed, I mean that they played up it's importance to a point where any result less than winning is a little embarrassing. https://en.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/shite (It's British slang) Just how many nested templates are we talking about here? You can have that problem (obviously) with or without templates. Most sane template designs don't exist when the program is actually run (Debugging them when they don't work is another matter) That's because D's standard library doesn't use templates in the same way as the STL (No iterators, less policies). Also, D has is actually vaguely modern and has proper static reflection, static asserts and static if: Writing template constraints is easy, unlike C++ (even with Concepts/-lite) IMO, Go is not sane. Rust, however is great. Optimizing compilers are purely an implementation detail of a language: This shouldn't leak into the language (If that's what you meant) I was imagining direct language ties to (say) LLVM passes, and things like that. Designing the language around optimizability is a good thing, e.g. C++'s "as if" rule (in [intro.execution] in standards after C++11 (or near there)). Some of these options, which may or may not be used for optimization, can also be very useful for code quality/correctness: e.g. Language enforced purity (of functions) (in D) can be very useful for optimization (It's inferred in most compilers, but it can at least save a trip) and being able to trust (even a D function pointer) to be pure. That's the language design/philosophy, not specific details of how it was implemented. If you want to see one way of doing this, have a look at how D does it: The function mangling and v-table (for single inheritance) are matched between the two languages. How badly does the function pointer technique effect interprocedural optimization? Since LLVM would know the exact control flow it should be able to do the optimisations anyway? That match(int) technique seems naïve. How would you handle the function arguments/application. The size of the function would also, presumably, large enough to be either very bad for one's icache or requiring more optimisation, which on the assumption that my previous paragraph is correct would make this a wasted effort? Has this been profiled at all? wtf i love hash tables now! ;) The only type information I can think of is invariants from type definitions and their use (e.g. this ADT contains an Integer that is never less than 5). This information can be used to (say) constant fold branches. This information would have to be reinferred by the optimiser. However, I don't think this would do anything because AFAIK LLVM can already get infer this. This could give a speed boost: LLVM has llvm.assume with which one can annotate IR with, using this would mean that the optimizer doesn't have to infer this (and therefore save time). The GCC AST thing was due to politics inside GNU, not explicitly related to the GPL. The standard books (e.g. Engineering a compiler, or Appel's stuff) would be fine. I've never implemented a array language myself, but one way of doing this while minimizing cognitive overhead would be to lower it to more C-like IRs (Similar to how Haskell is compiled by GHC). The advantage here, would be that by the time the AST has been lowered into these IRs translating directly to LLVM IR would be mentally trivial. Whether this is worth doing or not, I have no idea. I'd have a look at some LLVM APL compilers and see how they do it. Are you implying writing one's own JIT? This would involve either writing a new LLVM backend or implementing the same optimizations. Easier to start with, yes: This doesn't really justify the design decision. (In short: Easier != Better) You could compile to C, then use Clang or GCC to compile to a final executable: This should, if possible, be avoided as it limits what you can (C is not a good IR for a compiler). I suspect this is what you meant by "use regular C as the VM". As these things go, LLVM is fairly sane/clean. The point of using LLVM would be to produce an optimized executable, rather than bytecode to be run on a VM. Also, LLVM is C++ (Complex C++, in fact). If you don't already, I thoroughly recommend reading about optimizing compilers work (It's either very useful or fascinating, depending on whether you're the kind of person to find this stuff interesting). Using LLVM is, after getting over the C++ build times, actually quite simple (Take a look at http://llvm.org/docs/tutorial/ ) If the compiler is fast enough, then one could make a REPL out of it (by modifying it slightly). LLVM also has interpreters. The trick would be finding a consistent way of representing high level state in the REPL (You can't just lob bits of LLVM IR together), unless you can manage without (of course). Googol, maybe. Modern compiler implementation in ML and Engineering a compiler are the two best all round books I've seen. The former also contains so useful information (not much, but useful) about implementation the runtime (e.g. Intro to garbage collection) Personally, I only find the backend (Optimization) interesting: Steven Muchnick's Advanced compiler design and implementation, is the only book that I know of that is mainly focused on optimization. It is literally a encyclopedia of optimizations. LLVM is a very interesting project when it comes to C++ style. It is very much modern C++, except that they implement quite a lot of stuff themselves (e.g. RTTI and dynamic_cast/dyn_cast). Certainly very well engineered, but I wonder whether some of the techniques are strictly necessary (It works well, so I'm not complaining) If your C-api throws and then doesn't handle exceptions, then it's not a C api, it just happens to use the C ABI. I said not handling the exception, not that one shouldn't use exceptions. Handling, here, could also mean using callbacks so the C code (using the api) can customize things. If you expose a C api, using C++ code that involves exceptions, then the exceptions should all be handled (caught) inside the C++ code. This means that should the runtime start unwinding, it will not terminate the program. I can't really comment on the GCC windows stuff: I do software on Linux, and if I'm on windows then I use VC++ (Or a good programming instead e.g. F#/C# usually). VC++ is modern enough, so the above issue don't even apply very much. C++ works(TM) with exceptions, AFAIK the vast majority of the ecosystem would use them (Some people e.g. Google and Qt, can't due to existing code). RAII is only really intended to work with exceptions (No return values from constructors, unless! you bodge your own (which you could do, if you were a big organisation)) Edit: Just checked, SEH has been in GCC (64bit) since ~4.8 These parts are true of D, and C++. IMO Rust's only true advantage over it's direct "competitors" is it's safety guarantees. With the possible exception of the GC, d(lang) fits those parameters. Including optional lazyness, performance etc. Pug templates( https://pugjs.org/api/getting-started.html ) are fairly nice. The main dlang web framework, vibe.d, uses a 1:1 copy called "diet" templates (You can insert D code to be run on the server, with the arguments given to the HTTP request/response). This works very well IMO, mainly because D is a very good programming language, so you can mix very fast / expressive D code with your regular JS for client side work. To someone with knowledge of the law regarding this stuff - Would features like these be patentable? Can I have a D style: "Your text here".writeln; UFCS. Also found in D. And, frustratingly, did not get past the C++ committee. Well, the works already been done so I don't care that much about language at this point. D did surprisingly well, methinks: Two places below Rust is odd, considering the vast chasm in (online: reddit/HN) mindshare between the two. What is the definition of enterprise here? Matlab seems a bit too high up, or is there a use for Matlab that I'm not aware of? Weston-super-mud (Weston-super-mare has mudflats) Dull - twinned with Boring, Oregon - can be found in scotland. My connection is too poor to actually read the article: Can it generate welsh (Compound? Not sure) names like the classic "llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogoch" That isn't really true. There are clear differences in semantics between most programming languages. C is not just a different syntax over assembly: It has a type system, and obviously restricts what you can do (e.g. C abstracts over the registers) A higher level language can be translated to a lower level one, (hence why Haskell can exist), but saying it's a purely syntactic transformation is extremely reductive. Taking market share from Google based on search alone would require something even more revolutionary than what google brought to the table x-years ago. Also, don't google have loads more ranking algorithms than just pagerank? Umm, I know how compilers work. C is compiled to still compiles to assembly, but usually (GCC) your compiler driver handles assembling, linking etc. Haskell is translated to core (basically a simplification of a small subset of Haskell), then the STG(The abstract machine, spinless-tagless-Gmachine) then Cmm (Basically unsafe C) then LLVM. The machine code can still be basically functional. GHC doesn't use any mutable data unless you tell it to, it generates and then immediately collects garbage rather than reuse mutable memory. You can have mutable data in Haskell, obviously. Why kill it though? If they were going to replace it with something good enough to challenge Adobe (pls do, they need some competition) then sure. Paint can't need that many maintainers? Alexandrescu's Modern C++ design taught me how to template properly. Also, Scott Meyers's books were very helpful. The design of the D standard library has also been very influential on my code (Mainly convincing me of the benefits of ranges over iterator) "Is it a boy or a girl?", mathematician replies "Yes" ? One can also just static assert with a ctfe-able message. For reference: In D, you could just take a HTML parser then run it at compile time without writing any new code. Yes. pragmas, static asserts There is no macro needed here. You just write the code, then execute it at compile time. This is designed properly, it's not any where near as hacky as C++'s constexpr > Writing in languages with a GC is quite cumbersome. On the contrary, the GC simplifies program for the vast majority of use cases. If it becomes a problem, then don't use it. > And at the same time you loose valuable constructs such as RAII. Forgive me for being argumentative, but have you looked at the D website? D has RAII, as advertised on the website homepage. You can already write C++ in D, all the features are there. On top of this, you get features that C++ should have had years ago for free: Static Reflection, UFCS (Less boilerplate), Meta-Programming that isn't a hack and lots of static guarantees (Purity, GC usage etc). The standard library could have been implemented completely without the GC, but the GC makes programming simpler so it's not worth it. Practically, this may be a problem, but it's a little unfair to compare to use this against D (only the language) given that Phobos is not standardized in the same way that the C++ Standard Library. In a very specific way (May or may not be good in your opinion), I think D is closer to C++ than Rust is: D maintains the basic idea of C++ e.g. Syntax + semantics are still C based, the type system is less complex than that of Rust. However, Rust has better static safety guarantees than D. D's system is still being developed, although does already offer much more than C++. Opinions of this differ, see C++ templates etc: Simplistically, this now makes it easier for code to get very complex (a la C++ templates). The question is, should this be in the hands of the language designers or the users of said language? D's GC is designed in such a way that's it's very easy to avoid. It only operates when allocating, if you want it to not collect from a thread just disconnect that thread from the runtime. Using a GC does not constitute not worrying about memory! There is no official way to use D; the only real problem with not using the GC now is safety (Exceptions pass pointers and can therefore leak across library boundaries). If I had an infinite amount of time, I would write a much higher level equivalent of LLVM. Specifically, I would spend time investigating ways to easily generate code generators from specifications. I'm also very interested to see how things like theorem provers can be used inside compilers. If I could be bothered, I would write a really detailed political simulator a la Democracy but with much more detail and elections. Aye I'm sure someone has. If I was interested enough I supposed I could over a sufficiently long length of time? I do love reading Knuth, but I struggle with sticking with single books/topics for long lengths of time so I doubt I could keep it up for all the volumes. Indeed. Any other than complete transparency in matters like this just weakens the verdict. IMO, at least. The amount of RAM that some programs use these days still makes me sad. At a glance, you could make a very unsafe not-really C without too much thought. I probably wouldn't make it too C like, just so I could avoid worrying about parsing etc. As to type systems, that's a completely different can of worms (One which I do not have much expertise in). Type systems can range from the simple e.g C to the formal study of type systems (e.g. Hindley-Milner). Personally, I don't really know the formal side very well (I can't recall details from memory the same way I can with (say) Lagrangian mechanics), so I can't recommend one particular book. dlang.org? :) You can write (compiler enforced) pure functional code, and the standard library is somewhat monadic. Comparisons with rail are probably poor. While rail was nationalized, usage fell, as soon as rail was privatised again in the 90s usage has increased back up at a trend almost perpendicular to that seen when nationalised. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rail_transport_in_Great_Britai... ?? As do literally tens of millions of people in the UK. > NHS costs less than half the cost of the American system for similar outcomes and it worked really really well when funded at the level of other European countries under the last Labour government. [Citation needed (for "similar outcomes")]. The NHS has always been cost efficient but fairly bad when it comes to outcome. Privatization has always been an incredibly overloaded term when it comes to the NHS. No party is proposing getting rid of state healthcare. The left wing argument against markets in general even interacting with the NHS is usually along the lines of [I don't want those fat cats profiting off peoples health]. This makes me wonder: As long as the care is universal and free, who cares how it's delivered. I feel the best pro-"privatisation" argument is found in the Liberal Democrat Orange Book. Could be done, although it would have to be done carefully. I'm guessing there are companies that will test chips according to their data sheets for you? The two are clearly not mutually exclusive. The standard library, IMO of course, is already structured in such a way that it can be used in a very high level way. The D standard library is generally designed to generic code: you often aren't supposed to see the type returned by a function. Also, you can use auto too + Template constraints would help you here. Which country would that be? I don't particularly care if more people use it: Their loss, not mine. If you don't want your kids using it, education rather than (attempts to bring about) eradication. Do you mean legal/prescription opioids (Access is hardly unrestrained for (say) heroin). Psilocybin is rated "low" for dependance liability, heroin is ranked "very high". Are they (perhaps psychedelics in general) even that dangerous. In the UK, LSD is a Class A drug despite it being responsible for (at a glance) 3 deaths in about 20 years. That's my 2cents. I've never used it myself, but Richard Muller's Berkely Earth project publish their datasets online. > And when it comes to Facebook, I mean, we can't split this up like we did with Standard Oil. People want to be connected. Hence, email? It can be done. Interesting, you sound very strange. I am not a lawyer, so all ideas from here on are probably wrong either because of something obvious or because of some common law ruling. In the UK, Prostitution is not illegal, but running a brothel/pimping is illegal. Therefore, I think a sufficiently, generic service might be able to operate in the UK (If it were done on the basis of one prostitute operating their own shop - so to speak). This is of course dependent on whether it is illegal to pimp out oneself. Not being a lawyer, however, I don't know whether whether an implication of prostitution (even if the service were generic) would be sufficient to prosecute on grounds of pimping/running an e-brothel. I think the nanopass concept - e.g. lots of well defined IRs passing through a pipeline - is a very good idea for teaching, but I'm interested to see how well it performs and also whether, from the programmers perspective, whether this simplifies code or adds unneeded complexity (Specifically, whether they can be optimized quite as well as a big monolithic compiler). I'm currently writing a compiler framework - nothing big, as a learning project, and I think I shall try integrate this idea in some way. I feel it would be particularly useful for compiler backends like GCC or LLVM because having well defined pipelines etc. means that one can hook into the framework cleanly (Potentially a huge saving in compile times, e.g. not having to cart around unneeded libraries/symbols). I can't think of any reason to contradict that as a abstract description of a compiler, although the standard - Practical? - definition of a compiler is probably the more useful of the two. Graph rewriting is probably a little bit niche, e.g. AFAIK most compilers don't describe what they do as graph rewriting. Perhaps because many compilers do a lot of their work on linear data structures (which are part of a larger graph) like Basic Blocks. Perhaps taxing water use rather than water bills? Presumably that would force the agricultural market/s to adapt due to increased operating costs. Posts like these just remind me to get my blog going and get my compiler open sourced before I'm 17. I need to find a way of converting somewhat obscure knowledge about into money :) I think a lot of university level courses are actually significantly easier to understand than things aimed at 14-16 year olds (at least where I live, in the UK) If you care and you have enough time, you basically learn anything (in my opinion). Give your kids the right things to play with and they will follow (so to speak). Basically don't force them to do anything, just nudge them in the right direction. That's definitely true, but I meant actual university courses e.g. CLRS. Some University grade literature, mostly in CS, of STEM subjects is almost non-mathematical e.g. A. Tannenbaum's OS book/s and S. Muchnick's compiler are both mostly mathematics free. One can find very nice, textbook quality, lecture notes for free all of the web too ( http://michaelnielsen.org/blog/yang_mills.pdf for example). Well, Elon Musk is so wealthy has no excuse for not being (or at least looking) productive. Danke Those LLD benchmarks are looking very impressive! Well done to all involved. AFAIK GNU foundation won't use github because its not totally free software. github isn't open source. Well, the AVR backend is being actively developed, I have no idea how good it is. (Although some tooling for embedded systems is rather poor, so one would imagine that LLVM with the right heuristics couldn't do badly). rustc is apparently ( https://github.com/rust-embedded/rfcs/issues/3 ) not far of it being usable. However, I don't regularly write code for uC-ers - and when I do, it's usually simple enough to be in assembly - so I can't really say anymore than that. IIRC the above link was the frontpage not that long ago. Very interesting In my experience there are (I don't know how many) some programmers who, given how they were taught/learnt, can do productive work but generally don't know computing/programming in the abstract e.g. Memory at the machine level, or type systems. I have my doubts that Bernie would have won the primaries even if he was the one being helped. He ended up losing by 3.7e6 votes. Or just abstract over both of them? For some cases that would make transitioning between the two, and profiling them, very easy. How does that compare to selling the excess power then putting the money into a (let's say) index fund? I have no data right now, so I don't have the answer. Physics: http://www.staff.science.uu.nl/~gadda001/goodtheorist/index.... This is free lecture notes online, but are best complemented with a textbook. Volunteer for a local charity that needs your help? Contribute to the (standard, maybe) library you like the most? I can't read chinese: What kind of data do they have there? Bjarne himself has written/spoke about that era quite a lot, I can't direct you into anything specific but he usually weaves a lot of tidbits from the past into his talks. Doing OOO optimizations in the compiler (Same applies for VLIW etc.) generally requires the ISA to expose its's pipeline to the compiler: This is a complete paradigm shift from current architecture. Also, special invariants are sometimes needed/helpful to avoid data hazards/simplify data dependencies: e.g. the Mill cpu effectively has no general purpose registers, but an FILO stack of immutable items (This guarantees SSA on the data the cpu is operating on). VLIW is uncommon outside of DSPs. Manually written parsers allow the programmers to have better control over error handling, error messages, and the overall architecture of the parser. Parser generators exist, and are used all over the place, but they aren't without their flaws. RIP John Clarke :( "The road to reality" by Roger Penrose is the only book I can think of that contains stuff like that without calculations etc. It contains a huge amount of content, and becomes better and better the more of the physics you read about in detail elsewhere. I can't help but feel that "Gluon" is only going to conflict with Gluons (The Bosonic particle) AFAIK There isn't a huge amount of literature on the subject, in part because of the lack of unification or underlying structure of the field. On the local level, there is very little expertise or time to fine tune strategy, so a plug-and-chug style of campaigning is used: In the UK this can mean - from my experience volunteering during an GE campaign - delivering letters to everyone in a constituency. Many people working for political campaigns have blogs, which could be useful for you. For more holistic treatments, one assumes that academic research (e.g. Papers analysing nationwide strategy) may be a good place to look: As to specific (say) Journals, I don't know. I feel that the way this is implemented in the D programming language is more natural (Subjective, of course): https://tour.dlang.org/tour/en/gems/scope-guards Although this approach would probably not work like this in Go given Go's lack of exceptions. > In terms of understanding of electric phenomena, its difficult to point at another with a similar level of understanding (or at least productive understanding). Maxwell? Faraday? Heaviside? etc. Or are we explicitly talking circuits? Has any wearable succeeded yet? Beyond the obvious ones like earbuds, the smart watch? If they were cheaper, I might've got some (Or something slightly similar). I like documenting things with video, then deciding what to keep later. Better healthcare outcomes? I think you mean access: For example, the NHS looks very good until you realise that the rankings include access; Based on case-by-case outcome alone, it ranks relatively poorly - certainly less than most people would guess. The US government spends about the same on healthcare as others do, the difference is in the amount of private healthcare spending. The stuff that is guaranteed to work is already documented on dlang.org. However, there has been more work done than was - I haven't checked in weeks - documented e.g. dmd can apparently catch C++ exceptions (but not in release) so the documentation does not mention this. Apparently not? I imagine it would have to be replicated by someone else. One also assumes that the volume of training data - I don't actually know - is not insignificant! Uncompressed, that's still quite a lot of data - perhaps not relative to other ML projects, but still. I can't help but feel that the only "unhackable" computer is one without powers that's been recently introduced to a sledgehammer. Besides, if you wanted to hack some sort of computer system: Wouldn't you just take someone's children and do unspeakable things to them until someone cracks, that seems less more straightforward - certainly more reliable than depending on the intellect of an engineer ("hacker"). How long is long here? > If I invented a cheap machine that did all your housework and fixed your car for free, GDP would fall. If we take "free" to mean something along the lines of [Negligible compared to current cost] - i.e. no free lunch: Is it not the case that this has already happened, at least in terms of technological advance (of a similar magnitude), and overall GDP has not fallen. Or, by GDP falling, do you mean in ideal conditions where nothing else changes (i.e. All other variables held constant)? eh, it's not Haskell (or even D for that matter) but C++ has come a long way in the last few years. "Do The Right Thing And Measure It": words to live by. This article has also reminded me of just how painful the main GCC codebase is. If you have a choice: Use LLVM for your compiler-hacking. Some sort of jailbreaking/software modification (haven't done this in years, not really sure if it's possible?) could allow you to do what you were trying to do in the first place? The amount of tutting that would induce on the tube would be a sight to see. I think Haskell is full of good ideas waiting to be reused in a successor language, with a focus on software engineering as well as just purity (Multiple senses of the term!) and rigour in abstraction. The ideas are sound - When I write pseudo"Haskell" in other languages (Especially those with enforced purity), the rewards are fairly good for relatively little extra work - but Haskell (The language) is, even putting nicely, rough around the edges. Feynman lectures -> Landau Lifshitz, when you can make the jump. This will show you how to do the physics, then (Landau Lifshitz) show you how to reformulate this physics (again, it is actually in the feynman lectures too) in the terms we use in modern physics (Variational methods etc.) I find this is more of a distraction than abstraction at the moment, to be honest. How would this approach generalize to more modern physics? The first L&L book is what I'm thinking of: It's actually pretty manageable. I'm talking out of my ass beyond here in the series, I don't have any others in physical form so I've read bits of QM and The classical theory of fields The downside to them is that they don't come into contact with the "mathematical" physics side e.g. Treatment of Lagrangian/Hamiltonian formalism through differential geometry. GCC IR is not C Ditto, no drug related subreddit I know of doesn't explicitly ban dealing. Oh definitely: A friend showed me people openly selling weed on Instagram - no PGP or anything like that. A fitting tribute, from a man who fully understood both the man and his work. Roger Penrose's book "The road to reality" is great if you want a high level overview (and list of topics) for mathematical physics (The scary stuff!). Has Zuckerberg done any thing like this before (e.g. Microsoft vs. United States style things) Know your math (and floating point hacks, and ...) To whom? One would imagine that the viewing data they collect would be one of their advantages over their competitors, making it detrimental to their business to sell it? Linux kernel coding standard, for attitude rather than specific guidance? > I stopped trusting Amazon at step 3 and only shop there if they actually have the cheapest option. This should be the default whenever/wherever possible. Extreme juggling makes me think of https://youtu.be/hFP4C0PQ4jU The way the word "yellow" is highlighted can't be good for dyslexic people, right? (Or people blessed with the gift of sight for that matter) Assuming the internal storage volume of the Tesla (which I assume is actually the boots/trunks of the car) is 88.1 cubic feet [ https://www.tesla.com/support/model-x-specifications ] or 2.49 m^3 . A microSD card is 165 mm^3 = 1.65e-7 m^3 . Dividing one by the other: 15090909 microSD cards could be put in the car [This is simultaneously probably unrealistically high due to the assumed ideal packing and also low due to the large amount of space left in the car]. 256GB is the largest microSD card I can actually buy: This is gives us 3.8 exabytes of data hurtling down the highway. How to efficiently load/unload this data is beyond me. (Short of magic wireless microSD). V unira'g purpxrq nal bs guvf, V'z n ovg qehax. Comparison of Skype to (Say) Discord is like a different universe (Sometimes [Electron!]) They actually have to compete now, is why. I assume If you understand Schrodinger's equation, then have a look at some Quantum Field Theory lectures. Time sensitive code can be written fully in D. Avoiding the GC is trivial, if you have sensible expectations: The Standard Library (phobos) largely requires it, although it should be said that the D garbage collector currently only runs when (say) explicitly called to allocate memory so it's not as pervasive as Java's (say). Calling C++ directly is very much an option, although interlingual exception handling is a WIP. Go's lack of generics make it a strange choice to replace C++, philosophically rather than functionally. You can get away without, but I don't think you can reasonably call yourself a programmer if you don't understand how your software works. Being able to write rigorous proofs (of algorithms, lets say) will help you write correct code on a more consistent basis, and just generally train your mathematical thinking skills. What is proven, is forever: How long does your average library last? Perhaps I'm playing devils advocate by saying this, but: Isn't Milo one of the most well known cases of this? e.g. "Dealing" with him would help the twitter brand the most visibly. How so? Compilers aren't magic, you can - by definition (Assuming the current state machine style (no AI or nuthin') of compilers ) - you can just manually compile it. Compilers are clever, but humans can also be really clever: They know how to think - You can change the algorithm entirely. For practical reasons however (Premature optimisation also), trust your compiler. I think it is fair to say that modern ISA are built around a C-speaking world if that's more reasonable. This may also be especially true - on a technicality: Does the ISA actually specify the exact cache structure of a CPU? If not, then it is definitely reasonable to say that the ISA (if not the whole microarchitecture?) then is designed with C in mind. Interesting choice of name? ;) And because it's cool? Not a girl, but I was a scout and if we were seriously learning lock picking then the number of people going would have skyrocketed. The Principia is sort of a proof that 1 + 1 = 2, but it's not that simple, we could be perfectly rigorous without it. Principia Mathematica is more of an investigation into the logical basis of mathematics that "useful" proof. General Relativity cannot be (yet) quantised in a predictive way. Time to buy discount facebook stock? There is obviously a difference between hacking a single vehicle and (say) convincing a generation of youth to die for a cause. Also, while I agree that you can "program" a human, you can't program them to jump up and down and touch their toes (so to speak) This is the system we use in the UK, lots of people in lots of rooms counting ballots. Any ideas for change motivated by efficiency should be looked at with extreme caution: You can't hack a ballot box but an electronic machine - especially many all made by the same company, as would be likely - is infinitely easier. Who said it has to a be a satellite? On the assumption that the phone itself is fine, that could be fixed in software. I often wonder this when I see x written in Go/whatever . I'm assuming you could embed it in a Webserver? Where do you draw the line between a nuclear weapon and so many other forms of modern warfare? Not many people have a spare billion dollars, however. For better or worse, HN can be a bit autistic when it comes to comedy MKULTRA? Difficult to guess how many americans/Chinese know about a topic, however. Integrating LLVM requires quite a lot of mental effort (Let's not even discuss GCC...), whereas writing from scratch can be "simpler" mentally (at least to start with). That's only technically true. The main C++ compilers in common use basically support, aim to support or have collectively agreed not to support parts of the C++ standard. It's a bit idiosyncratic but Steven Muchnick's "Advanced Compiler Design and implementation" is something of a bible for optimising compiler design. Of course, other books are available. I haven't look around recently enough to name any off-hand but there are some really good free textbooks/monographs(etc.) on optimisation around. Search "ssabook", there's a really great data flow analysis book out there somewhere which if I find I will edit and include. No. This is false both due to the nature of mathematical modelling in physics, and the ad-hoc nature of the term "complexity" when comparing the universe and the science we use to understand (or, perhaps, only model it). To elaborate on the first point: No measurement can be perfect enough for their to be no uncertainty on it. It is therefore impossible for a model to be completely correct, although it can (obviously) agree with experiment to within current experimental uncertainties - like the standard model is now, so far. His elementary particles book - I say having skimmed and the not bought it, so a I may be wrong - looks a good place to start by virtue of both containing a full introduction to the phenomenology behind particle physics and also an introduction (but only an introduction, compared to (say) Weinberg) the mathematics behind it. Discussed previously here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=17889547 Or most optimizing compilers written after the mid 80s? (Looking to be corrected, not sure) It's worth discussing: Just because "the" Go compiler doesn't implement it now doesn't mean a Go compiler won't in future I obviously have no way of knowing but I would imagine a combination of: To keep the course "vocational", and relatively straightforward e.g. Working through CLRS wouldn't exactly be a walk in the park. There is also a - annoying - confusion between programming and computer science, which is probably unavoidable but still gives the wrong idea as to what computer science actually is (Or isn't) Although for reasons of sanity there should be a balance between the two, I think having too little focus on the fundamentals can produce very very poor programmers if it all goes pear shaped. In my opinion, a software engineer (or programmer, whatever) should be able to understand (Within reason, so maybe just understand the purpose of) an algorithm and - given enough time - implement it exactly as specified with maintainable fit-for-purpose code. If the tools don't work, try to not use them. (Unless you're forced to, obviously). Perhaps keep a paper notepad/planner (Like a police officer or fighter pilot etc.), for tasks that aren't that important this would save a lot of mental effort. In terms of automation, it strikes me as just another learning curve (which may well be worth it, e.g. learning emacs) but it would be wise to cut down before automating if possible. Could you link/cite the studies you have in mind, njarboe An FPGA is not the same thing as a microcontroller. Field Programmable Gate Array : An FPGA can be a microcontroller, but a microcontroller can only pretend to be an FPGA. Your microcontroller was probably prototyped on an FPGA. ASICs are basically FPGA designs etched onto permanent silicon. A famous quote by Knuth comes to mind... Fast code is often unreadable or unmaintainable, software should be written with it's lifespan in mind. That's not an invitation to write slow code, but microoptimizations can be a disatrous temptation (Especially when writing low level code). Compilers are pretty fucking good these days so I think trusting them can be very helpful. How can you know if you don't measure? Yes, LLVM has analysis passes which you could do this with. However, just profiling the code is usually goood enough (It's usually pretty obvious where the problem-code e.g. Something blocking from the hardware) It is worth pointing out that, currently, compilers can basically only do what they're told to do (Like a state machine) so this kind of stuff would be unlikely given that the effort with either be wasted or only part of a larger program (Just optimize it away). At scale, this is the right approach but hand optimizations can still be extremely important in (say) a large codebase where you can't change to the right data structure or in (let's say) a game where the same basic operations are done over and over again so getting them fast will be very helpful. One mans terrorist is another man's freedom fighter, I suppose. Very, but even more important is to be around people you want to learn from. Rust. Go and C++ have completely different aims, Rust is of the same ilk as C++ IIRC He is a - listed - co-creator of D2 (There are two versions of D, the first one being entirely Walter?) When people learn to drive it's usually the panic rather than technique that makes people stall, anyway Ask HN: What 10x socialising as-a-service do you use to manage your party hacks ? The argument is that although the U.S healthcare system - based off of some metric - underperforms compared to a system which makes no claim of being based on a free market, the U.S. healthcare is also not a free market by any means. Lightly regulated it is not. Also, you combine "works better" and efficiency: This is slightly unheplful, as although (let's say) the NHS is very cost efficient is - however - not anywhere near as impressive when it comes to patient outcomes. I am not well-versed in the topic to provide a well thought out counterexample however I believe that the Swiss system would be a suitable example? Comparing the deregulation of businesses with guns is fallacious if not ridiculous: However, being British etc, I do share your fears as to healthcare deregulation. In a market, for example in this one where there is a lumbering - government backed - behemoth distorting it, it may not be viable to create new options. Starting a new University, especially a for-profit one, and marketing it right is probably one the biggest challenges I could think of for a business. Short of a genuinely complicated ML system which having been fed a bunch of (say) Jazz Pianists midi data for chord patterns etc, I think you could probably do it with some kind of weighted (let's say by the user) Markov chain/state machine with some kind of graph for which chord voicing should be used relative to those around it: e.g. "This Dm7 has a F in it, the next chord is a Cmaj7#11 so move the F up a semitone[Within the same octave]" The above system should be able to come up with coherent movement of voicings (and fingers...) although I can't imagien that it would sound very human. Is this interesting? The ECHR and European parliament are not the same organisation or people? This is my worry from across the pond too. Perhaps I'm too young and nothing has actually changed, but I hope the pendulum will swing back. https://terrytao.wordpress.com/ The blog of the man himself: Always fun to read, and especially rewarding if you thought you were familiar with what he's discussing... They do that (for ships) in the Netherlands but extending it to planes seems impractical VW, presumably, has armies of software engineers/other technical people (That you might find on HN, etc) so I don't think it's unreasonable to assume someone will stumble across it. It's also worth saying that even if they don't have a automated system to look for x -infringement, they have many employees who when bored could end up searching for (say) Volkswagen on github. Whether they care or not is another matter... Exactly. Facebook just isn't "cool" anymore, no one posts to facebook like they do with snapchat or Instagram, so why not? The quality of suggested content is dire, more people using it and also it's more snapchat-esque. Also, messaging service too If it comes to something like that, I try to abstract it as much as possible (1. For my own soul, 2. Practicality) so it can be fixed with a drop in. Still end up writing a slightly nihilistc/suicidal commit message for the addition... WinDirStat is really great for windows. Not sure how fast it is relative to it's competition but it's fast enough and is intuitive (graphical representation is pretty good) Buy an older used luxury car. That way you can save some money, potentially a lot of money (Depreciation can be very cruel for some but cool for others). You can't make C++ simpler but you can make some C++ simpler, as in the programs written in it. C++, the language, is too old and too widely used to be made simple. > Other languages have much simpler and nicer constructs and seem to work just fine. If you mean ML/Haskell, then I agree. If you mean other languages filling the same void then I don't. Idiomatic C++ uses templates: They're objectively safer than what preceded them, for one. Semantics, at best... The exact reason why C shouldn't be used to write high level software. Also, the set of things you can do in standard C is a subset of the things you can do in assembler. Grumble grumble... Procrastination ensues Jacob Colliers perfect pitch is apparently (if his tricks on stream are to be believed) accurate to a few cents Could you buy a BBC Micro? Pricey probably, but great heirloom too Weight distribution, one assumes? C++ or D: C++ for obvious reasons, D for aesthetics (at least) + more functional approach Buy a Zoom G3x (or other good multi effects box with amps Sims) you can then chuck that straight into any semi decent guitar amp. Containing antimatter, let alone doing stuff with it and measuring effects e.g. Just gravity is pretty fucking difficult. Messi and (Cristiano) Ronaldo It can only really be done on a per codebase level, really. By which I mean, in my highly sensitive and correct program xyz I can (say) abstract all access to a type (A struct?) through a macro which would contain null checking/assert-ing. This could work perfectly well and even be static checked for (in principle). However, if I tried to package this type up in a library it all basically falls flat - or at least it would be very easily broken. Doing this like this is to static analysis(/The Type system) as foreplay is to sex. In some circles yes, but discord is more replacing teamspeak/skype than steam directly. They are clearly pushing in valves direction, however (Discord has games too etc.). Also, Discord looks pretty is depressingly badly constructed software. Torrents work but the incentive there is the opportunity cost(? not an economics student...) of getting the software/porn/etc for free. Also, why ETH as opposed to regular money? I think Valve are keeping Half Life 3 for a rainy day (Given that, if they played their cards right, they could make significant $$$ just by pushing out a crappy game 'cos of the name) What is the proportion of people with Fortnite who are likely to use this - like steam e.g. Consistently pay money for games- relative to Valve's playerbase when steam arrived? "Don't keep data you don't need" is actually ~illegal (IANAL, obviously) in the UK. Isn't this somewhat simplified? The modern "proper" understanding/mechanistic explanation of the Quantization of (spin-1/2, massless - or symmetry groups etc.)fields resulting in photons came later still. Never ever ever gonna happen, although some progress can be made in areas: D is working (Quite a lot done already) it's way to being ABI compatible with C++. What could be done, however, is to provide an ABI-as-a-library at each end then pass that with the C interface. Textual Specification, statically processed at each end into some kind of parser type thing. Still borderline suicidal effort, however, as not all languages (Go, I think?) treat the address space equally among a clusterfuck of other things. Any form of parametric polymorphism would be a disaster too, I assume. I'm 17 and also _started_ writing a (Asm) forth interpreter, so well done for finishing it. The code looks readable and pretty clean. Very cool. If you want to continue down the Z80 route, and have too much time on your hands, I recommend designing a simple IR and building a little compiler/code generator for the Z80 (twas fun for me). amd64/x86_64(Whatever): I was only really writing it on the bus as a distraction so I was relatively tempted to write it for MMIX (a la Knuth) Watching old episodes is very ambivalent: The constant joke/open secret discussion of his own self-worth/esteem is still refreshingly honest - even after his death - but now takes on a harrowing new (Although in hindsight perhaps unseen) meaning. 1. DSGs are still relatively new 2. Most clutches these days can easily go untouched throughout at least one owners use of a car. Electric cars could have gears (e.g. Formula E) Also, the koenigsegg hybrid uses the paddles to control things other than the gear (Since AFAIK it has a CVT) Audi - or more generally the VW - have enough money and other reputation to completely fuck up their electric cars and then either reprogram the public using advertising or (as you said) start a separate company Richard Burns Rally! With all "high quality" audio matters like this - and compressed music - I genuinely don't understand what the point is. I listen to a lot of different music (Pop, Jazz, Metal, Microtonal stuff etc.) through a lot of different mediums (Good preamps into really expensive amps etc., cheap headphones, overpriced headphones) an I honestly think the point of diminishing returns is at about £30. For the price that some people spend on their audio gear, you could buy several musical instruments: A far more fulfilling (and sociable) use of too much money IMO. You profile the generated code, be that in terms of execution speed or size in bytes: If it's better then it's better. In this case C++ exceptions are practically zero cost so I don't quite believe that the compiler will generate more efficient code unless it elides some of the C version based on context (Otherwise the if statements aren't free) The C++ code can be compiled in such a way that it has no branching e.g. stack unwinding instead, which is slower in the case of an exception being thrown - However, exceptions shouldn't be used for non-exceptional circumstances. $50? The 48% difference in code size is surprising. But after all who cares in this world of electron etc. I guess that LLVM is fairly cache aware so I think the performance probably isn't affected too greatly (I hope). I'm not familiar enough with LLVM to really say, so I was just speculating: I vaguely remembered some kind of talk about cache optimisation and LLVM, so it's possible it was talking about the LLVM codebase rather than the passes available in LLVM. You let it go round a curve at 75mph, or is this hypothetical? Within a certain operating region (stress and strain, i.e. the straight bit on the stress/strain graph), a spring will behave linearly e.g. F = kx . In real life it should be pretty close to linear, but it would be worth checking as I could imagine there being non-linearity or time dependence of a spring under what is probably a decent amount of load being applied quickly and repeatedly. Or if you wet yourself Driving a car on the road with other cars is - factoring in the age of the tech, lack of regulation, involvement of humans and the consequences if it goes wrong - more difficult that what's mentioned on your list. So you're saying I need to use someone else's computer? Surely this just takes the feel/romance away from cooking (More generally rather than referring to this toaster in particular)? $250 feels like a lot for what is ultimately a gimmick. A sous-vide immersion circulator costs less than that, and that's actually ~useful~ Specifically, the ISO one (YYYY/MM/DD) I would guess not, given that these days (At least in small quantities, which I assume scales) the choice of colour is aesthetic (To first order) rather than dictated economically. I don't do FPGA, but I thought the issue was the vendor lock in and lack of open source tooling (Synthesis?) rather than IDEs alone? On a much smaller scale, I realized that I am probably the only person in my group (of stage/ audiovisual technical folks) who understands everything fully: I'm stopping next year, so I'm documenting how to do everything I do. You can never have too much documentation - which isn't exactly what this dilemma is about - but still it raises an interesting bit of planning which should always be considered. The D version currently on display on the website (Which I wrote, minus the use of static foreach): void main() { import std.stdio, std.string, std.algorithm, std.conv; // Reduce the RPN expression using a stack readln.split.fold!((stack, op) { switch (op) { // Generate operator switch cases statically static foreach (c; "+-*/") case [c]: return stack[0 .. $ - 2] ~ mixin("stack[$ - 2] " ~ c ~ " stack[$ - 1]"); default: return stack ~ op.to!real; } })((real[]).init).writeln; } This is perhaps reductive, but maybe we should treat these shows as exposure to a certain viewpoint and nothing more: You are still absolutely free to make up your own mind on a given matter. Political Commentary is also not something to be rationed - as per se, it would be extremely misguided (and illegal, in the US) to regulate who can be televised on a given matter (Although I assume that you mean "we" as in society rather than the state?) British democracy is brilliant, moronic, childish and wise: Many laws are indeed that old It is, however: For better or worse, British political media is regulated. Around election time, for example, Purdah bans all political advertising apart from allocated x minute slots What difference does it make? Average app quality is surely a pointless metric given that people tend to spend their own money carefully (Or at least I do, I've spent £10 total on apps in my life) Some people were up in arms about crap being pushed onto Steam, and it had no long term effect (Before or after anything was done about it) Quite interested as to by whom/why this was downvoted For some developers (iD /Bethesda for example) only need DRM to work for the first few of the games lifespan so if you come up with something agressive enough to keep its secrets for a while then it doesn't matter if it gets cracked. It's true, though: Lifting weights is fairly addictive so getting going is the hardest thing. Only if you write unidiomatic ( Read crap) C++. In modern C++ it is very much possible to write fast and safe code, but the tradeoff is now put into the amount of stuff the developer needs to know to be productive (Which in my experience isn't as bad as people like to go on about on here/reddit, even if it still pretty shoddy) In terms of watery mess, I have personally never had any problems with just putting it in the fridge (Or freezer, for a shorter amount of time) until it dries a bit and firms up. Easier to grate too Don't know about ditching altogether, but I had a pizza with a lot of Gorgonzola in Italy (Among other cheese): 'twas very good The whole joy of making Pizza at home, is that it's pretty easy so you can really just yeet any old ingredients available on and just see what sticks (Or more realistically, smells right) https://www.pizzamaking.com/forum/index.php Forum with far too much information on Pizza dough and preparation + Experimentation on how to imitate famous Pizza e.g. reverse engineering Papa Johns I'm not entirely sure - only just learning audio programming atm, but the way to approach would be to encapsulate then use encapsulation and ranges/iterators. Efficiency should be roughly the same, especially given that you can optimise loops (and other code) with just as much access. Useful in a "Hang the DJ" (Black Mirror) type situation maybe... The soy-estrogen link is totally bunk/false IIRC Some do, but I don't think it's available to the FA etc.(It's just for the club to track the players for their own analysis) What universe are you living (Or perhaps leaving...) in? Suggesting brexit has no effect or isn't worth considering in a business decision is absolute lunacy Are Teslas fun to drive? I know they're fast but is the suspension etc. as refined as (lets say) an M3 Chemguide is aimed at A-level students, e.g. 17 year olds: Doing the math is out of the question, sadly. Even though it doesn't have the same theoretical rigour as Rust or Erlang (Go is a totally different beast), D is a really thoughtful, modern language which I - personally, of course - feel very productive in. Although I'm really behind the times on Rust, metaprogramming feels like a joke in other (Non ML-esque) languages compared to the facilities available in D Walter Bright, the man who designed most of the language along with Andrei Alexandrescu, are both C++ heavyweights and it shows. Template syntax using template!type instead of template is a great - surface level - example of this attention to detail: Easier on the eyes and orders of magnitude easier for the compiler You can write pure functional code in D, if that floats your boat. Yes. D metaprogramming is so fucking good that it's easy to do well. It's really obvious, and even at it's worst it's no worse than C++ (Except much easier to debug due to D's much less fundamentalist type system). I hate languages that deliberately take features away from the developer: This is why - although I respect the philosophy - I would never choose to use Go, for example. But to each their own, etc. I was really referring to the error messages, because you can write C++ style templates (e.g. SFINAE) in D but no one does because D was designed properly so it has proper traits etc. C++ style template messages are uncommon but possible, however D is much much easier to debug because the type system is working with you and basically available in the language - in the sense that you can use traits and reflection to work out what went wrong (as opposed to stdin. byLineCopy.array.sort!((a, b) => a >b).each!writeln; This example is everyday code in D, but basically unthinkable in C++ (Possible but try getting it that short without writing your own library). It is also telling that the aesthetic style of the above code (UFCS) is a feature D has had for years but was rejected for inclusion into C++ despite BS backing it. As tudorw alludes to, social engineering: The only way to do that would be to convince people - on the assumption that their society could last 55 million years - to look after it and ensure that some kind of Ship of Theseus style Toto Gig just by having been replaced everytime it breaks. That or robots... Good magic, bear in mind: It's usually really obvious how it works, unlike C++. If you so choose to D can have a relatively clean library implementation. The type inference isn't bidirectional (Or at least it pales in comparison to HM) so it wouldn't be as good as ML-like FP. Pattern matching is a feature of pure functional code rather than a requirement (As useful as it is, every time I touch haskell for fun I always miss the mathematical approach to coding when I then write in C-land). Enforced purity is a feature, however. That's what I was referring to. However, ..., there is no pure-IO so it would be like Haskell before Monadic IO was figured out (I assume). In D, you can run full code at compile time and then include that string into the file: So it is it's own code generation language. Looks worse, but just as slow! It's worse in just about every way than the 500 guys alternative, to be honest. It's really slow, and try searching for a specific song, or recovering from a crash, or working out what failed etc. I can be quite quick in Tex, and a modern surface or ipad is very good but to be completely honest paper is still king. MIDI is - and should be with future standards - simple, slow and reliable: Musical Instruments don't need much/many volume/types of information, so writing the drivers should be fairly simple. Having said that, some midi to usb converters are still not up to full compliance with the 80s MIDI 1 standard I'm not entirely sure, but the fact that there are compatibility/compliance issues leads me to believe it's a mixture of both. Either way, the drivers may be the issue: Parsing the serial correctly etc. Even if it were only windows NT, that's quite the CV already The cinematography and lighting design really sealed the deal for me. He has apparently tried LSD, which is probably why it actually the feel quite well. Amazing to think Charlie Brooker was reviewing TV on his sofa not many years ago - not that screenwipe (etc.) wasn't great. You can take screenshots without the phone knowing (or at least the app knowing) with a app [On an unrooted android phone] It's called private screenshots or something to that effect, basically it adds a button to the GUI above the app. I think you should do whatever fascinates you, but if there's nothing then do nothing: A side project you don't enjoy is just a job - you won't finish it and chances are you won't learn from it No. The stuff that exists works well enough, and isn't anywhere near as complicated as what it represents so it's not worth changing it If you start now - and you get hooked - give it a year or two and you'll be there Probably not cost effective as opposed to either making the software more resilient or just letting some monkeys/interns loose in the cockpit and pressing everything (With some focused searches obviously) It does get exponentially more expensive, which is why you have to pick a certain level of ~perfection~ and then stop. Also, the robots would have to bash at the speed of a human: The point is to mimick human inputs not necessarily test every code path (Which you could do in software) How? Planes won't not have cockpits for decades surely. mbed? How does an interpreter written in a statically compiled language use the type system of said language after being compiled? You're talking about web technologies, and needing to download a runtime is the problem? C++ isn't accessible but rust is? Only because they can't be bothered to learn: It complicated but its really not that hard. Plug: D can happily compile to wasm Absolutely yes. Doing tensor magic without einstein notation will make you shoot yourself, and even you don't someone else will if publish it. The only real problem I have with it personally is the abstraction of upper and lower indices, which I constantly forget the conventions as to which is which. Most runtimes are fairly small, and most issues could be done away with by either the browser storing common runtimes (Search for x , then checking hashes etc.) or by compiling statically against the parts you actually use. This is still not conclusive, as the runtimes will probably have to be significantly modified (at the ABI/System level, so around the edges) given that they will have to get memory from the browser etc. This leaves much room for WASM specific optimisation, especially given that the actual (let's say) garbage collector implementation is probably quite small compared to the code used to interface to it. Writing C++ defensively (i.e. Do what the guidelines tell you, Preach Andrei and Bjarne etc), and using sanitizers cleans up a huge amount of C++ code. Of it's generation, fortnite was the first to really nail the aesthetics and "How do you do, fellow kids"-elements. The gameplay is almost secondary. PUBG is almost intimidating, fortnite is the opposite. Apex Legends is really good but it strikes me as more of a pubg-type game not fortnite. The Penetration fortnite has had across ages 10-20 is almost surreal. Anecdote: I was playing Apex (and Siege, for balance...) and I can hear my friends younger brother playing fortnite with his friends - across the room -through the chat. Fortnite is a really well made game, I've never had any issues with the core gameplay/ game engine. Less consistent than CS:GO, but more consistent than siege (A game with a very very strong "competitive" contingent) Although it works 99% of the time, I'm not a huge fan of "Just run the tests" style of ... testing. Unit tests are important, but I feel slightly insecure if I don't think about the process mechanically rather than as a black box. In this case your suggestion is a good one, obviously. How does your model make quantitative predictions? All evidence suggests that quantum mechanics is probabilistic. The problem is it's not even known whether the engineering problems can be attacked at all, unlike the Apollo program where even though a large amount of work (Breadth rather than depth this time) it was an iterative evolution of past programs. Is nuclear power worse than alternatives at comparable scale? I'd much rather have a one meltdown - globally - every x years than have coal power dominate for example Was he murdered? Not buying but getting people to the ISS is done with russian rockets (i.e. No space shuttle anymore) Error messages are a much more important reason to use a hand written parser/lexer: Unless you basically write your own parser generator, it'll never be as direct or fluent as a hand written parser Are they? I'll be upfront in saying I've never done any actual work with parser combinators (I played with Parsec for about 15 minutes on the train), but I don't see how having direct control is worse. Easier, it may be, but I can only imagine real world situations harder when you get to the nasty stuff in your implementation (e.g. C++ templates basically need to be "run" while being parsed, or lexed even) Not a prediction as such but a hope: MRI-helmets ( https://www.nottingham.ac.uk/news/pressreleases/2018/march/n... ), both for medical reasons and brain-computer interfacing Interactive proofs? Not recently. Dirac did believe his equation had to be right as it was so elegant, however it turns out we now interpret it differently now Although I admittedly only do mathematics through physics, I can't really think of any. If it's oversimplified, it's wrong and therefore not beautiful. Beauty is often given after discovery rather than on the way The gate is open now, I think the big guns (especially ze Germans) now recognise and are moving toward EVs. Competition is good, although I don't think any particularly tribal Tesla fans will be pleased by the outcome. I think examples rather than problem solving is the way to go. Some very advanced topics are arcane enough that they really do need hand holding. Compare Dirac's book on general relativity with one people actually read(To learn from) and you'll see why hand-holding and diagrams are helpful ASCII on Punched tape, easy. Standard format, readable at whatever rate you like You should really use both, however they are only a tool: I don't have any numbers but I imagine Sanitizers have a good detection rate, but one should still write code defensively. There are too many horror stories, be they lethal or expensive, to be risky about memory. Not a kernel developer: Can you test Kernel code with a sanitizer (if that sanitizer doesn't work in a compiled kernel) by compiling into and using the code as blob in userspace code with mocks (Or whatever, unless it's just utility that doesn't need anything other than an interface)? Especially given the mechanical wear, motor racing (Even karting) is a rich man's game Because knowing your craft is important? Besides, if you don't find this interesting why become a programmer in the first place No but ARM is obviously not the go to thing for high performance computing (At the moment... Or forever in the near future) Is "Slowly" the advice for most (all) addictions too: e.g. Not the Miles Davis solution to heroin addiction Learn Assembly, as an abstraction, then learn the instruction (Sets) as you need them. Don't bother targeting X86 if you value your sanity How many dogs can you buy for the price of one drone? And what if it rains etc. Etc. Surely the halting problem only applies in the general case, i.e. given a ideal enough language you could use heuristics or give results applicable only when in xyz conditions e.g. when these nested for loops are in action it's O(n^2) I don't it's a genetic thing. AFAIK I like more genres than I don't, but everything I've ever gotten into (Rock -> Metal -> Jazz -> Hip Hop -> No Preference) has been because I've convinced myself to like it. Possibly a genetic trait but it doesn't feel right, especially given that metal music can be appreciated for totally different reasons: One doesn't listen to Opeth the same way as meshuggah But it's only 9s after the 762nd digit? https://bellard.org/pi/pi_bin.pdf C maybe, but translating from (or even to) C++ is a genuinely company-sized effort. If James may is to be believed, there were only two of that Porsche in the UK (And Jeremy was insisting on a(?) 928) The classic series of top gear (mid 2000s) are brilliant, organic and only scripted in terms of set pieces (No dialogue) More effort probably, most of the downforce is from the floor AFAIK Chris Harris is a legend. The segments of him racing would've been impossible with the old lot They could, but they get audited a lot. The fines for cheating (unless you are Ferrari, usually) are catastrophic (for a non-works team): Lots of money and probable disqualification from the WCC The script sounds like it was written by an AI trained on a combination of old top gear and an American dictionary (i.e. why is Clarkson giving temperatures in Fahrenheit when he used to shun all things American etc.) The Guardian isn't run like most newspapers Ignoring that (in the UK) the Guardian is probably influential newspaper of the last few years (Breaking large stories), most do. Newspapers can't just sell news anymore, it's not profitable. Besides, do you not try and expose yourself to opposing views? Maybe not applicable here, but opinion pieces are important. Sheet music with a pen? No one else has to see it so it doesn't have to be pretty Attention spans are short and the product talks, so the home page should be some kind of working demo eventually Is it hotlapping or a race? One is a lot easier than the other as evidenced by codemasters's valiant attempts to write AI over the last few years. Also, it looks like they don't know the track beforehand but they seem to be taking absolutely bizarre lines through bends (Or is that an artifact of the model used?) I've never done serious work in it but the current way of managing libraries is quite confusing and (I imagine) difficult to use version control will And it's much easier to get your money back from a fraudulent credit card use than debit card use. Or more realistically, they're hedging their bets: Business's exist to make money not CO2, Green power is becoming increasingly profitable/in demand Does it matter? I don't really see the issue with competing standards if the standards are open: The "best" (for some definition of best) should win out eventually. Anything other than Electron if it comes to it Yes. C is an absolutely terrible programming language that we use because it got their first. I sincerely hope that C (and bad C++, so probably C++ as well) is phased out over the coming years purely because it's too dangerous to use it in critical software (One life lost to memory corruption is too many). This probably won't happen, but I hope it does. JVM is pretty complicated and not open source(? I'm not entirely sure who owns the standard, if there is one). WebAssembly has the advantage of hindsight and being able to be designed to completion rather than evolved Pointless(And fuck-ugly IMO), but the engineering on display is very impressive. To somone familiar with ray tracing algorithms: How much efficiency can be gained in using different (invented in the future) algorithms n' tricks (e.g. The kind of stuff that modern game engines use that didn't exist when CG was in it's infancy) or is real time raytracing purely limited by the hardware (By which I mean in general rather than current hardware)? Emphasis on a British dialect. There are many and most (by geographically area) don't use what in that context. Except for emphasis e.g. The way Jeremy Clarkson says "an ..." where he shouldn't. Why wouldn't racing drivers exercise? Incidentally, obsessive fitness was one of the things that Michael Schumacher brought to F1. The point about Fortnite basically being a real place is very astute. Until you eventually you have n-k fit for purpose build systems. Having competing standards isn't always a bad thing e.g. if they do slightly different jobs A number such that n-k is less than n+1 If you want performance, buy a sports car not a Tesla. Straight line acceleration has almost nothing to do with lap time compared to the suspension and brakes. You can buy a formula car with downforce for about £15k, admittedly more if you want to take it to tracks and run it healthily. Also, if you look for "performance" in your road car it just sounds like a recipe for wrapping it around a tree (Or ruining your back: I'm a huge motorsports fanatic, and I'd still probably take a comfortable car with reasonable performance over a "fast" one without fancy suspension to make it comfortable) Ignoring the existence of traffic, sure. They could also brick it remotely, or introduce a bug in the autopilot and plow you into a barrier: You might not want the upgrades The difficulty is that the two "basic" schools of politics/economics, Capitalism and Socialism are so diametrically opposed in terms of assumptions and methods that objectivity itself becomes subjective. Socalists tend to look at the world differently to capitalists. I deliberately wrote basic and political/economics, in the sense that political debate regarding economics is divided into those basic catagories at least in Britain. Economic policy , the yes practically the decision is between some form of Keynesianism or something vaguely monetarist (Laissez-Faire) How can a socialist ( https://en.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/socialism ) system have a market? The point I was making is that in my experience, many socialists (as defined above, type of socialists) do not believe or understand how behaviour emerges from markets and how this is efficient where competition is possible: It's all government this, government that. May I ask where you are writing from? Always worth doing the dimensional (units) analysis first You might need to just solve them then write MATLAB or Mathematica code to plot the solutions. Chris Harris (author of the linked article) was also banned from reviewing Lambo's too If you did a PhD (Emphasis on PhD because an undergraduate degree isn't close to enough) on particle physics solely with career prospects in mind then you probably have bigger issues Yes and no. You need to be able to sight read it, so it has to be similar to the current system, but without the baggage. Useful but if it's intended for learning (to play not to play), a systematic way of describing the harmony would be a good step forward You basically have to write your own high level string library just to approximate the features of just about any other language... It's been posted in this thread, but I'll say anyway: The British "The Secret War" documentary is absolutely fantastic and well worth watching either for the engineering or the human intelligence working around the engineers What is physical intuition when you deal with quantum mechanics? Griffiths is a perfectly fine book, and if you want to go deeper perhaps Sukurai. Compiler exists in theory != supported The world needs a modern LaTeX textbook on the electronics of synthesizers (With lots of math), but I don't think one exists I meant analog Synthesizers, where there are basically schematics, and some lectures from 20 years ago and that's it. The lectures I'm thinking of are literally 360p videos of a guy and a whiteboard, with no notes or legible writing IIRC. And also, the tolerances in Synthesizers are actually fairly small and idiomatic synths use quite a few relatively obscure parts i.e. How many introductory electronics books discuss OTAs in any detail( for a slightly terrible example)? I already know, however it's not easy to find out in one resource: The application for music is sufficiently obscure (Analog synths require much more coaxing than (say) a guitar amp) to warrant dedicated discussion. What does dual mean in the context of a chord? If it means parralel then why a minor triad (Presumably implied) Perfectly tuned to what chord? What if you play a stevie wonder tune where there is non-funcitonal harmony i.e. all the little tunings would be jumping all over the place Williams also built a six wheeler (The FW08B) > Support for the D programming language has been added to GCC, implementing version 2.076 of the language and run-time library. Well done Iain Buclaw (and co.) > The business model, sadly, is to be the Daily Mail of the left. Bullshit. The Guardian is orders of magnitude a better newspaper than the Daily Mail. What major stories have the Daily Mail broken in the last 10 years? The Daily Mail is not considered a reliable source on wikipedia, Comparing the Guardian to that is quite the insult Do you read the Guardian? I do, practically everyday, and I can say - As someone is centre-right, i.e. not the guardian's idea of their readers - that just isn't true. This comment ignores the existence of Owen Jones, of course, but still. The Guardian did the Snowden papers, The phone hacking scandal and were also involved with the Panama papers as well for starters. I don't know what's idiomatic in Go, but I would do whatever makes the code easiest to understand (if that could be an issue). Modern compilers are very good at optimising pass-by-value into a pointer, so write first then measure and then optimise where required. The game is very social. Within a group of 4 you can talk continuously and do custom (non shooting) maps. It's hard to explain, but young teenagers do basically congregate in Fortnite (and not in a bad way). Fortnite runs pretty well, not as good as CS:GO on bad hardware but better than (say) siege. That's a UX oversight that I can so so so imagine myself doing if given the chance. Excellent reason to test interfaces with people who've never used it before There are some potential side effects found in animal models, but they're either incredibly weak or only seen in conditions not really comparable to 5G. I looked at some of the studies in one of these 5G protest sites and a huge amount of data cited was about LF magnetic fields which really have nothing to do with 5G. https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCd02pSRrecAVFOPjB-bfv-Q This guy (Dietterich Labs), does in depth (steps) derivations of cool QFT stuff. This is slightly unique as they are less handwavey than lectures (Which are often supporting written material, or at least harder to follow online) and also more informative than the calculations in some books (I think Peskin and Schroeder can be horrific unless you have someone to ask stupid questions too, if you're like me [Well read, but not that sharp on the bell curve of academic bragging rights]) Quantum Field Theory for the gifted amateur is also pretty great (And Pretty actually), Zee for the working man or something like that 1. Hype 2. Rust is, despite reasons for which I don't use it, a good language which seems to achieve it's goals 3. Why not C, C++, Fortran, Haskell, ML, Anything .Net, Rust, Java, Go, Linux etc. Are all open source so I think you are correct but way off in terms of scope It can be done. If no license allows you to what you want, get your lawyer/s to draft one for you But that's because he's trying to explain how amazing he is rather than actually explain the language usually. 1. CPUs are not simple by any means, as evidenced by spectre and meltdown 2. Sure, assembly is faster than Java script but good luck getting any abstraction or type safety in ASM. And also you're code is impossible to debug and takes 15 times longer to work on I've never heard of it either, but it's worth saying that if it can be done in one instruction it's entirely possible that GCC or clang will do it if possible Piece of kit is a british idiom, yes if that's what you mean. "Every time I see this it frightens me" - Jackie Stewart talking about the Nurburgring >arguably the "premier" motorsport s/arguably/is F1 drivers are the absolute bests of the their generation, and Lauda was one of the best of all of them What do you have in mind? I'm sure he's not sinless but he wasn't exacting owning slaves and preaching freedom They won it four times in a row recently, and they have the best car in low speed corners this season. Ferrari, on the other hand, could be having to fight with Haas at this rate. However, the only projections I've seen used S3 data from before the testing day and Ferrari apparently have new suspension (Which is very important around monaco) The safety cars have to be able to get round then track within a reasonable amount of time relative to the F1 cars, especially at the Nordschleife If you do go and watch the Senna movie, go and read a book about Alain Prost too given that the movie is not as honest as Rush Statistics in F1 are a bit of a nightmare. Statistically, Prost outscored Senna in their time as teammates. Alonso, for example, will never have the stats to represent his immense talent (Unless you use a method like f1metrics). Hamilton, however, is extremely good and has had the car to allow him to fully reach his potential It's a tricky issue, the NHS is probably understaffed and underfunded but also extremely expensive already. Massively gutted isn't really true: Spending ( % GDP) has decreased but levels are still at record absolute spending Nurses are to the UK what Soldiers are to the US, any criticism of the NHS is effectively shot down as Capitalist propaganda. There are some serious questions to be asked about the NHS, which arguably cannot be answered (Even if the result is staying with the status quo) due to an extremely sceptical and anti-capitalist left wing. We(UK) actually rank relatively poorly in terms of healthcare outcomes compared to (notably) the US. The only measures we rank highly on are those weighting access as well as outcome Programming languages have to be implemented in something . It is traditional to implement the language in something quick, and then start compiling/interpreting the language in itself as soon as possible (Now you have a very big test suite for free) Killer perhaps, but I'd rather numerical than experimental development of nuclear weapons Almost 9x by GDP Duplicate features, and thank god they exist: References, for example, have probably stopped millions of pointer arithmetic bugs of the years. Also, this should be viewed as C++ features C doesn't have: It's 2019 C, shouldn't be accepted anymore I'd prefer longer compile times over runtime issues: Smart pointers are cheap, and easy to use now. C++ compile times are largely due to the absolutely ridiculous import system C++ forces you to use. Precompiled headers can eliminate a huge amount of C++ compilation time. The obvious solution is to avoid C++ when making new codebase, but that's easier said than done. Why the correlation with CO2 levels then? DMX is standard for lighting, but although the actual protocol is rock solid the parts around it are no where near as good as MIDI. Device to device is fine, but USB DMX controllers are expensive and rubbish in my experience using them to control a ~100 piece (dumb) lighting rig velocity != bit depth of a recording Static typing should be viewed as a tool for long term prosperity/health of a codebase rather than competing in the short term with a Python/s (etc.) - Modern one's can, but static typing isn't always obviously useful until it is. Until they either get jammed or shot out of the sky That and people using the service, even solely receiving can be tracked Ask for small talk advice, people like being asked for advice and you can't fake being good at conversation(Regardless of whether or not you enjoy it) Talk to more people. Humans are not state machines (?) Filling the hole left by a person can be very hard practically and emotionally, so try to stay calm and go slow. Legally, presumably you'll have to work around the executor of his will? Do nothing for a week if you can, then starting doing tasks like changing contact details and the like. I can't predict the future, but be prepared to find a few (Legal/Financial in my experience) oddities that rely on waiting around for companies to respond to fix. Never having written an assembler for a proper ISA, I was under the impression that assemblers for real CPUs are extremely simple until you start writing them. I understand Google probably has some interest in Go's widespread use, but programming languages really make me laugh sometimes by how tribal their users can be. I'm sure I'm guilty of it too, but it's just surreal (online, of course - which is probably reason why, but still). (Does a programming language need to be branded, is my question) Does it really matter? It's tangentially related and a good talk The standard model is not the be all and end all of physics , so the quarks may not be fundamental. It's therefore not meaningless to say e.g. invented (The quark model is a model that works but it is a model) TAOCP? Perhaps, but C is unsafe both in terms of types and memory (Which has to be considered if choosing C for a project) Ignoring the almost barbaric lack of abstraction in C, you could avoid a whole load of these bugs and make your customers not want your head on a spike at next to no cost by using a different language. That's what I mean. The Quarks were partly a mathematical guess to encapsulate the known patterns in hundreds of composite particles What? Operating systems are big projects and the tools to write them safely (and open source) haven't existed for very long, so it's a question of manpower and effort not technology. C has almost no performance benefits these days, either, due to advances in compiler optimization; if anything it can be less as other languages can provide more static guarantees to the compiler to use when optimising. That network stack written in C gave us heartbleed for example. If C arrays were bounds checked by default (e.g. they carry around their size), this could've been easily avoided at no runtime cost. How can you honestly complain about people wanting more safety in software? If it's speed ("high performance") then you're probably implementing yourself in C (e.g. Bounds checking) something that is built in either at runtime or even statically as can be done in some cases. Modern C++ would be a huge improvement to start with. Rust is probably there, if under specified. D is definitely fine for writing operating systems (Question being whether to use druntime or not). I know nothing about Zig, beyond having had a look and not being hugely impressed. I thought that was methanol or is it both? The alternative to CFCs as a refrigerant was Sulphur Dioxide and Ammonia etc., using it saved lives (With obviously unforseen consequences that we now know about) Would this mean that only their changes to the GPL would be forced to be made public or the whole piece of software using it? Or LSD like the good old days Tiananmen, And there is photographic evidence I would rather live in a flawed democracy than whatever China is becoming Correct. The compiler can be trained to utilise it efficiently but it's not a exposed feature It may not have been a tank but I have a photo of someone who was clearly crushed by something that definitely wasn't a students bicycle let's say https://github.com/dlang/druntime/blob/v2.086.0/src/core/thr... D's implementation ^ (Linked partly because the inline assembly is very clear) Sunk cost (In a good way). I do not like Go the language but I can begrudgingly admire the ecosystem I worry that the downturn of GPL use will have consequences in the future. I understand why the GPL has its issues in context/s, but I don't see why it shouldn't be the default for open source where possible. The political argument that gave birth to GNU/FSF seems to have lost it's bite in this day and age (perhaps due to a feeling that now open source is the de facto default, it will always be this way?) Not hugely related but VW have sent their electric hill climb car around the ring (6:05) https://youtu.be/lRHIiJjWhWo Very very fast although its not a racing car per se Getting the data might not be illegal, but storing it without a direct reason or permission would be illegal Arguably GPLv3 was a step in that direction I think thinking carefully about the abstractions is also key, ideally not while at the computer. Good abstractions should be obvious and not really requiring refactoring as per se. Walter Bright is (along with Andrei Alexandrescu - which should be a good enough reason if you like c++) the BDFL of D. D won't get you hired (probably), but D is designed with hindsight from a C++ compiler writer and a C++ template wizard: It shows, D is objectively better than C++ is many ways. It's worth checking out, at the very least (It's also not hard to learn, so I say go for it) An example of the power of D: The Pegged library for D can generate a parser, D code which gets compiled, directly from a grammar specification in a text file [inside a D program, e.g. mixin(Grammar("Your Grammar Here"))] Not me though! I was aware of that but I meant in comparison to (say) Java or JavaScript etc. I feel that these Feynman-isms can hide just how good of a scientist he was.