Edinburgh, Scotland Surely anyone who has been on a Computer Science degree knows what the fixed point finder is! Just finished: "The Great War for Civilisation" - Robert Fisk "Life on the Mississippi" - Mark Twain "3 Commando Brigade" - Ewen Southby-Tailyour "Anathem" - Neal Stephenson I would suggest doing it sooner rather than later - there isn't that much to pick up and if you use a hosting service very little to install (I use the free service from Unfuddle - which is more than enough for my personal projects). To nitpick, isn't it really that "Selling advertising on the top of search is an extremely important and profitable business"? "if I am in the devil of a hole and want to get out of it, give me Shackleton every time" 1984, Orwell The Demon-Haunted World, Sagan That's probably not a bad rule when thinking about any career - actually speak to people doing it before deciding. I was actually thinking about doing a degree in geology just for the fun of it - then I saw what petroleum geologists get paid! I read Jared Diamond's book "Collapse" a few years ago and it certainly is a sobering book. I would agree with its thesis that we face a distinct possibility of our high tech "Western" society crashing - and due to the Threads linking us together this crash could be pretty hard. I would use the 100 million to investigate possible ways of mitigating the effects of such a crash. As the actual causes would be essentially unpredictable I'd pass on that effort and concentrate on what we could do to establish a degree of continuity of core areas of knowledge: maths, medicine, geography etc. One option would be to build bunkers full of useful books in remote locations (like the gene bank in the Svalbard). However, a better way might be to build a long lasting organisation set apart from our culture - very much like secular versions of medieval monasteries or the mathic concents in Neal Stephenson’s excellent Anathem. The problem is that if the OP's startup is a success then the University will come after him for what they perceive as his abuse of their property. Also if he has external investors unless he has disclosed this problem to them they could well sue him personally - I've been threated by legal action by an unhappy VC and that was also deeply unpleasant. If I was the OP I would walk away from his code - don't even take a copy of it. I would check with an IP lawyer what measures I would have to take to produce a "clean" copy that the University has no claim over and base whatever I did on that recommendation. At least if you do things that way you have some comeback against the lawyers. It is a tricky one - a sensible organisation would wish you the best of luck and hope that your eventual success reflects well on them. However dealing with any large bureacracy means that finding someone who will sign off on such a thing can be tricky! There are still 450 Minuteman III missiles deployed! That is a false dichotomy - kids should learn languages and get some exposure to a decent programming languages. As far as I am concerned, I'd like to read Proust (and Schiller) in the original languages but I'm not aware of anything in Ruby that I'm so keen to read. It's not like the Romans were exactly welcomed in all parts of Britain: "We, the last men on earth, the last of the free, have been shielded till today by the very remoteness and the seclusion for which we are famed. We have enjoyed the impressiveness of the unknown. But today the boundary of Britain is exposed; beyond us lies no nation, nothing but waves and rocks and the Romans, more deadly still than they, for you find in them an arrogance which no reasonable submission can elude. Brigands of the world, they have exhausted the land by their indiscriminate plunder and now they ransack the sea. The wealth of an enemy excites their cupidity, his poverty their lust of power. East and West have failed to glut their maw. They are unique in being as violently tempted to attack the poor as the wealthy. Robbery, butchery, rapine, with false names they call Empire; and they make a wilderness and call it peace." Part of what Calgacus is supposed to have said before the battle of Mons Graupius in North East Scotland. Well, they certainly provided a much needed stimulus to the local wall building industry. "What's to stop someone from creating content you don't agree with, and then putting your tag on it?" You could digitally sign it using secure private key (and if you want to be really secure store the private key on a secure hardware device). Use a X509 cert from a well known CA and pretty much anyone can check whether you wrote it or not. I'm saying this is a good idea though.... Damn - now I have to go and work out how I would implement this.... The trick would be to have a nice combination of a tag (which is always the same) and a digital signature that binds your tag to the content. This is all based on London - which is exceptional both in terms of what is considered a normal commute there and the cost of living there. Locals who are based in London get paid a lot more than the rest of us who choose to live in nicer parts of the UK. My own view is that London is great to visit but I would never want to have a job based there unless I was getting FU money, and even then I'd only do it for a year or two. twitcrime doubleplus ungood Maybe someone needs to create an equivalent of the emacs "Spook Mode" for twitter http://www.turing.org.uk/book/ You don't even need a digital signature - just have them publish a hash value for the files. David Lynch? Having moved by work laptop to 7 from Vista and my sons laptop from Vista to XP I can say that both are upgrades - with my own preference being for 7. I tend to believe that the job of an architect is not to make the important decisions but to make sure the important decisions get made correctly and to take responsibility for that process and its results. One reason might be that "real" architects get a bit upset at the use of it in the software world. In my experience the title is really there to identify who will get shot if the damned thing doesn't work for fundamental technical reasons. Indeed - the classes are sociopaths, clueless and losers: http://www.ribbonfarm.com/2009/10/07/the-gervais-principle-o... Mapping these classes to those in "The Theory and Practice of Oligarchical Collectivism" I will leave as an exercise for the reader. I guess as these applications won't be run embedded in a browser that the Flex code won't be able to interactive with JavaScript - which is a shame. It looks like I will have to use HTML 5 Canvas to get OpenShapes ( http://shap.es/docs ) to work on this platform. Watching video from online (iPlayer etc.) would be my ideal application for this - an iPhone is too small, a laptop is too clunky and uncomfortable and I hate watching video sitting at a desk. Another thing that might be a hit is multiplayer games. I was playing an air hockey game with my son on his iPod Touch and it was surprisingly good. With a bigger screen that could really be an interesting thing to watch. Lots of board games might work pretty well on something like the iPad as people could sit round it. Perhaps not - but I rather like the idea of four personal hand written notes in our four missile subs, which are hopefully never opened and destroyed when the PM changes. I rather hope they say "Don't fire your missiles at anyone, you will just make things worse". For anyone interested in this kind of stuff I can recommend this book: http://www.amazon.co.uk/Secret-State-Whitehall-Cold-War/dp/0... The story of how the government planned to communicate with the V bomber fleet is wonderful... The British Empire was largely built from commercial interests - look at the East India Company and the Opium Wars. Maybe it was just me, but back in the day when I was paid to write Lisp I was pretty fond of the Common Lisp loop macro. So my Lisp code was pretty loopy... What about LINQ, Transactional NTFS, F#.... I'm no Micrsoft fanboy, but to say that they haven't done anything innovative at all is a bit harsh. Given the success of serious virtualization platforms like VMWare ESX I do think there is a long term danger of Windows becoming a rather thin shim between actual applications and the underlying "real" OS. Especially with the current "Best Practise" of every application running on its own dedicated server as everyone is terrified of the potential conflicts if you have more than one vendor application on the same instance of Windows. From what I can see, the transactions in ZFS and Transactional NTFS are completely different kind of things. The Transactional NTFS kind are distributed transactions of the kind you normally associate with database server and messaging systems like MQ - so your file IO can enlist in a transaction that touches a lot of different things. Not saying it is a good idea - abuse of distributed transactions is a terrible thing, but I do think it is fairly innovative. VW seems to have partial self parking on a lot of models - it steers and you move forwards and backwards. It will also tell you as you drive past a parking space if it is big enough or not. My wife is going to get a car with this system next week - I'm looking forward to giving it a try. I don't think even Yahoo tries to cram that many unrelated features into a single website :-) Look on the bright side, one day the last person who likes VB6 will die too. I think you'll find that pretty much all of us are decended from people who were fed up staying local. Otherwise we'd all still be in Kenya. Interesting fact that I learned from Time Team recently: the UK has apparently had 7 completely separate waves of human habitation, with the population being completely wiped out by Ice Ages in between. The civil service is a meritocracy - they just don't use sane metrics for what merit is. I've seen quite of posters for Google Chrome, which struck me as a bit odd that a company that depends on high tech advertising would resort to such a low tech medium. Of course it is a legitimate threat - if Bing started doing searches in any consistently better way than Google I'd use that. I have about as much loyalty to Google as a service as I did to Altavista: i.e. practically none. I suspect others think this way and Google knows it. I don't know about the US (I suspect it will be the same) - but the chains in the UK compete with each other like a bunch of hyperintelligent velociraptors. Quite good for customers though - in the (rather affluent) area where I live we have a Sainsburys, Waitrose and M&S food store and they are clearly locked in polite but vicious competition. On the subject of anti-submarine naval warfare, I would strongly recommend "Three Corvettes" by Nicholas Monsarrat. http://www.amazon.co.uk/Three-Corvettes-Nicholas-Monsarrat/d... From WW2 rather than WW1 - but I don't think the North Atlantic had changed much. I remember this one from a /. discussion: "SAP is how Lucifer interacts with our world." I initially thought this was a cool idea then went off it - I'm fairly happy using local storage on my home network backed up to multiple "cloud" locations (svn hosting, Carbonite and Mozy). This gives me speed to access stuff with a fairly high degree of resilience. Exactly - during his "Wonder Year" of 1905 he was most certainly an "amateur". I'm not sure having a PhD qualifies you as a professional anyway - certainly not in the PE, lawyer, doctor or accountant sense. Given the hyper specialisation of most academic research, circle of people involved in an area can be pretty small. You probably don't even need to read the paper - just to know what kind of approach to what problem they are taking and you can make a good guess of the people/team involved. The Patent Office wasn't paying him to do his research - he had a "day job" that he needed to do to make ends meet and to allow him some time to do what he had a passion for in his own time. What is that if it isn't an amateur? But he did lots of his major work before he got his PhD. So what are you if you are doing research and you aren't paid to do it? I've been in that situation where I had a "day" job (running a software company) and doing a PhD on the side? I was certainly part of the academic community but I wasn't a paid "professional" researcher. I have met some people with Chartered Engineer/PE status who program - not many though. They are the only people I would call "professional programmers". I guess I tend to react to the term "professional" rather strongly because I'm married to a lawyer, have a brother who is a professionally qualified engineer and I know a few medical doctors. To me those are real "professionals" - folks who have jobs where you are personally held liable and if you screw up badly enough they can take your professional qualification away from you and you are out of work as you can't legally do the job without that qualification. In that context there is a very sharp boundary between "professional" and not - for the rest of us the boundary is rather fuzzy. I certainly don't regard myself as a professional simply because I am paid to do something or that I make my living out of it or even, unlikely as it may seem, occasionally show some competence ;-) Well, I guess I fail reading comprehension then :-) I think that is a false dichotomy - it's not a case of either you use the cloud or you build a data center. There are a lot of options where your kit is in someone elses data center - from part of a rack, through to cages with a few racks right up to pretty big rooms. You pay your money, get your own private space in a DC, they provide the power, cooling and physical security and you supply the kit and buy connectivity from one of the ISPs/telcos that infest these places. "inexperienced college students is very likely to build a large system that goes terribly, horribly wrong" Maybe you should hire them when it is their third system? First one goes horribly wrong because of lack of engineering, second goes horribly wrong because of over-engineering (the well known second-system syndrome) and by the third they should be ready to go. I think there may be a spot, say in the mid 20s, where you become emotionally committed to a particular technology stack and everything else is compared against that reference. So there is quite often quite a lot of stiction there to move to a new stack. When I was in my mid 20s (nearly 20 years ago) I was developing in Common Lisp and PostScript. And while I am still very fond of those technologies, once I left an academic environment I didn't really have much option but to go for a sequence of, comparatively mundane, platforms. YMMV I thought it looked rather interesting Single biggest thing: no Cold War. Go watch Threads: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0090163/ and if you aren't old enough, consider that people lived with this kind of threat for decades. I'm rather fond of Charlie Stross's account of a singularity in his book "Accelerando": http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Accelerando_%28novel%29 From this I believe that we can predict that a singularity may not be a utopia or a dystopia but it will almost certainly be mind warpingly weird. "we had a determined adversity who was dedicated to destroying us by any means possible in every realm" Of course, that was the view the Soviets also had. Although they were an "evil empire" I don't think they actually had anyone in power actively campaigning to start a war, which did happen in the US. The Soviets were largely dangerous because they were so very afraid and (by the 80s) had senile leaders - look at the near disaster of Able Archer 83. This makes me much happier about all the times I sat through board meetings wondering what the hell the point of most of the financial reports were. If by "raw text" you mean string values (i.e. the equivalent of text nodes in XML) I don't see this as being particularly difficult, I don't think I'd use a Regex for it but then I wouldn't use a Regex to extract text from an XML document/stream either. After almost 20 years, I still miss the happy ritual of inserting all of the documentation for your new Sun workstation into the zillion folders. Hell, I still have "borrowed" copies of the PostScript Blue and Red books from my NeWS/HyperNeWS days. Well, I still remember the demo I used to do for people - draw a "broken" window in the graphical editor and copy this shape and paste it to be the shape of an existing terminal window and have everything work. OK not very practical but very very cool. Perhaps we are in a multiverse and in many other universes you did get that job and you didn't meet her. That looks like only a small portion of the commercial airline traffic. Why not got for the ultra messy fully loaded configuration of the "Tsar bomb" design? 100Mt and a god awful amount of fallout. I seem to remember that device could take out Belgium with blast but would have killed people way back into Eastern Europe/Russia with its fallout. Yes, the bomb tested was very clean because it was only two stage. Fission primary and fusion secondary. The full 100Mt design would have had the usual 3rd fission stage that would have been incredibly messy. Khrushchev announced they had a full 100Mt bomb even though they could only really test a limited version of the design - not really a weapon as it wasn't practical for a number of reasons. http://www.amazon.com/Effects-Nuclear-Weapons-Samuel-Glassto... Here is an example of a "bad" lawyer from my direct experience: at our IPO completion meeting one of our advisers points out to us founders that the way one document has been drafted by the company lawyers means that we would have an immediate large tax liability. Money that we as individuals simply didn't have. Now to remove this liability would have been a small change to one sentence in one document that wasn't due for submission until the following day. Except the lawyer refused to do it saying that it would take too long (it really was a couple of words). It ended up being debated for ages - we had no real means of getting the lawyers to do anything (they were the company lawyers, not our personal lawyers). Eventually we founders had to threaten to pull out of the IPO, which we pretty much had to do as it would have bankrupted us, and only at that point did the lawyer relent and make the change. For me that is typical of bad lawyers - getting bogged down in silly little fights about their own egos rather than the big picture of actually getting the deal done. Politicians - so they can brag about their H-bomb being bigger than yours. I did wonder if his name was really Mel - the rest of it sounded entirely plausible. However, that story always reminds me of the chap I used to know who had done some programming with a hand drill... The before and after aerial view of Hartford reminded me of Glasgow - which is a rare example of a European city that has had a freeway/motorway driven almost right through the center. A lot of applications today end up running on top of at least two layers of virtualization - VMWare ESX/HyperV providing guest operating system instances that then run the application based on something like the JVM or CLR. I've wondered whether these two virtualization layers could be combined so that you end up with a hardware-abstracton VM sitting right on top of the metal and then you write the bulk of your OS on top of that (which could then be based on something far removed from the hardware, like your CLOSOS). NB I'm a huge fan of CLOS - but factoring in security to a shared CLOS like environment would presumably be a nightmare. Maybe each OS level application could morph into something more like a guest OS in a virtualized environment... Wow - I thought you were joking. I met him once when he was CEO of Novell - if I had known this then I would have asked him about it rather than the usual polite chit chat. Maybe he is smart enough to have decided that a star drive or unifield field theory are not possible and decided to do something else that interests him more. How about financial consolidation and reporting? Having had a fair bit of experience with "market leading" applications there is definitely a better solution out there waiting to be built. That's quite an interesting point - if you restrict holy wars to the "my imaginary friend is better than your imaginary friend.... fight!" kind then you are probably correct. I'm trying to think of other real "holy wars" - the 30 Years War is perhaps the only other major one I can think of. I guess most other "holy wars" are really justs lingering fall out from conquests Ottoman invasion of Europe, Ireland, ..... It all depends on the context - sure on some platforms (mostly embedded) it's just your binary and the hardware. Anything else, where you start having dependencies on components sourced from elsewhere then you are in this situation. Personally, I don't really see what the problem is - looking at and using other peoples software is usually a great learning experience. The only "novel" part of this appears to be the use of the aux pointer to make navigation more efficient in some circumstances. Which sounds awfully like skip lists to me: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Skip_list I suspect he meant Spring anyway. I think the mistake that some parents may make is failing to establish that simply being smart isn't good enough you actually have to do something useful with that intelligence to be rewarded in one way or another. Well, I don't know about you, but I suspect that my efforts to write an IDE, OS kernel, database engine, virtual machine host environment are probably going to be rather worse than the ones that already exist. So I'm quite happy to use existing ones. Please tell me you are trolling. I generally associate people who do that ultra firm handshake and staring thing with people who then going to try invite me to play golf (which I have no interest in) and then try and sell me something. At best it is likely to creep me out a bit. I don't think these kinds of tips work if it is obvious to others that you are following a checklist every time you meet someone. Indeed, I can remember us all feeling quite nice and smug with our racks having dual A and B feeds from separate mega UPSs generators etc. We didn't feel quite so smug when we actually found out that some of the racks actually had both sides plugged into the A feed - which was probably confusion between us, the data center owner and the electrician installing the feeds. I wouldn't describe VMWare ESX as slow or buggy. Yes, but you can hardly blame VMWare for that. If anyone is interested in polar exploration I strongly recommend "Barrow's Boys: A Stirring Story of Daring, Fortitude, and Outright Lunacy": http://www.amazon.com/Barrows-Boys-Stirring-Fortitude-Outrig... I want to see the videos of the failure mode testing :-) "all show up at the office but are forbidden to speak to each other for productivity reasons" Does that mean that they aren't allowed to bug each other about work related things (or schedule meetings etc.) or are they literally not allowed to talk to each other? I'm hoping it is the former! What kind of specification though? In most cases, a requirements specification can be pretty useful although I'm not such a fan of up front technical design specifications, in fact I tend towards the "code is the design" viewpoint: http://www.developerdotstar.com/mag/articles/reeves_design_m... I do agree with the sentiment that processes that focus too much on design artifacts and less on practical issues of how to make working systems often lead to truly awful designs. Do you think someone should tell the Royal Mail about how to use a robots.txt file? Because I can do a search for: "You may not create a link to any page of this website without Royal Mail's prior written consent." And get back lots of links... ;-) I wonder if Google have one of these licenses to link? I don't know about you, but writing code standing up at a whiteboard while others watch just doesn't feel very natural to me. Why not give them a PC and a small development task and leave them alone for a bit and then talk over their solution once it is complete? I don't know how it works in the US, but in the UK a PhD is usually awarded based purely on research - there is relatively little cutting edge research that I am aware of that hinges on manipulating linked lists. :-) Why does it have to be an "anti HTML5 agenda"? Not to mention functionality - code the same thing in Flash and using Canvas and compare what is involved. Some things that are trivial in Flash/Flex are (as far as I can see) pretty difficult when using Canvas. Note that I really want to use Canvas - but at the moment when it comes to interactive graphical applications I don't think the two are currently directly comparable. Absolutely, which is why I pretty much gave up using Canvas and decided to try Raphaël http://raphaeljs.com/ Well, I hand code ActionScript using a vanilla editor and use the command line compiler and I still find Flex/Flash easier to use than Canvas. I briefly considered writing some kind of framework for Canvas that would emulate the Flex DisplayObject and related container classes together with some useful behaviors. I gave up when I realized how big a task this would be and that the result would probably be slow and almost surely superseded in some future release of Canvas. Don't you think that is a good thing? Well, I would have said from that rant that it is pretty clear why nobody invested in his ventures or purchased his products. Good for you! So why not mention that in the article to balance things a bit? Medics, lawyers, accountants etc. are professionally qualified, a PhD is an academic qualification. They need to be licensed to do their job and if they aren't they can't do it. Not the same thing at all. It was the event handling side of things that I realized were going to be a fair bit of effort - all standard graphics stuff, but not things that I was particularly interested in writing at this moment in time. Having said that, if you do have something along these lines I would love to hear about it. Yes but the big difference between a professional qualification and an academic one is that the former can be taken away from you if you screw up badly enough. I don't really see the point either - the reason why there are professional qualifications (apart from the monopolistic reasons) is to ensure that people who have responsible jobs meet some minimum level of competence. If an academic screws up, nobody really gets harmed that badly. Contrast that with a medic, lawyers, PE etc. I don't read it as "losers" being people who are risk adverse - more that they are incapable of playing the political games required to ascend to the ranks of the ruling sociopaths and are incapable of descending level of the clueless - who really don't know any better. Digital receipts - I hardly need to carry cash anymore, pretty much everywhere I shop takes chip-n-pin cards so I use my debit card to pay for most things. However, what you end up with is silly bits of paper that I end up carrying round in my wallet or stuffed into folders at work or at home. Why can't my payment card contain an identifier that allows the bank to send me a digitally signed receipt - I could get notification by SMS or email that this is in place before I leave the shop. There is a lot of crypto tech that could be thrown at this problem and it would end up more convenient and better. My bank already knows my email address and phone number(s). I would expect that the easiest way of doing this would be for the banks to handle it all - when I buy something my bank gets a receipt signed by the shop's bank to say that I did buy item X at time Y at location Z. My bank could perhaps then countersign the receipt to link that strongly to my identity. It would be particularly good if the format included a standard representation of tax paid (VAT etc.) - would make filling out expense claims so much easier. And please make it implement digital receipts (see my suggestion below). Augmented reality of the kind Verner Vinge writes about in Rainbows End. I don't fancy facing auditors or the taxman with a picture of a bit of paper. Not every country in the region is a disaster area like Iraq. Turkey and Egypt are destinations for mass market tourism from Western Europe and Russia - they are full of obvious non-locals in buses and hire cars. Jordan is a popular excursion as well, with even Syria becoming a fairly popular destination. We've been to both countries loads of times from the UK and have always felt perfectly safe. I've felt safer walking round Cairo than some American cities. Wow - I was ready to rant about Xt Intrinsics or something then I had a look at the article and it actually looks pretty cool. CLOS features in C - interesting! Probably the fact that its frequency is close to the hydrogen line - which a number of people have suggested is a "natural" frequency that could be used for signaling over interstellar distances. So this would be the same organization that gave AAA ratings to all of those CDOs a few years back? I wonder where the first item of "intellectual property" exists in pi (suitably encoded, of course)? See: http://www.amazon.com/Guns-Germs-Steel-Fates-Societies/dp/03... Can I suggest, in the spirit of hammer factories, creating a parody generator generator? That way we'd get a Twitter parody generator "for free". The only time I didn't have problems keeping my weight down was when I cycled to work - roughly 10 miles, uphill and into the prevailing wind in the morning and easier back at night. In summer I'd often take a detour through a local range of hills for an additional couple of hours off road fun. Was much faster than the bus and I didn't have a car at the time. Now I have a 25 minute walk to work - but it's not the same. I've suspected for a long time that a knowledge of anti-patterns is of more practical benefit that a knowledge of GoF design-patterns. I wonder what the best approach would be for creating little applications like that? Very easy integration of graphics, sound, images etc. with simple input events. e.g. Click on the picture of dad and hear him snore... etc. You do know that the EU economy is larger than the US economy? OK - not one country, but pretty close to one market. But the US isn't top of the per capita lists either. I think the "height" of the Empire was definitely before WW1 - by 1950 Britain was in a pretty bad way. I think you make a very important point there - there may not be that much correlation between the standard of living of the average person and the "power" of the country in global economic and military terms. The "Sociopath Next Door" (excellent book) makes a very good point - it is not clear that being a sociopath is a disorder or an illness in that it doesn't appear to have negative effects on the person with this behavior. Indeed it makes the point that there are many environments where having sociopathic behavior is a decided advantage. What I found truly frightening in that book was the section pointing out the downfalls of the results of the Milgram experiment (most of us will do what we are told by an authority figure, even to the point of torturing/killing) with sociopathic behavior by a minority. Using vi to edit lisp is an interesting choice - I've got the vi commands hardwired in my brain now after using them for 20+ years and I've written a lot of Lisp but I don't think I've ever written any Lisp in vi. Speaking as a European - it seems rather ironic that the author is describing Americans as "narrow minded" for only being interested in following the big existing success stories when those are all American! A very silly article indeed. I grew up in a fishing village in the north of Scotland - when I was 19 one of my school friends insisted that I experience what it is like working on a trawler in the North Sea. After a few days of sea sickness, hard work, lack of sleep, and fear I probably would have shot myself if someone had given me a loaded pistol. Nothing I did since then (and I had summer jobs while I was a student doing things like weeding large fields of barley, digging ditches etc.) was anything like that. So I learned to have a LOT of respect for people who don't have the chance to make lots of money sitting at a computer for most of the day. So there isn't a large enough market in your area for a "real" electronics store - that means you are in the wrong place if you want to buy a breadboard in person, not that there is a problem with the free market. I presented at the first 3 web conferences in '93, 94 and '95 at CERN, Chicago and Darmstadt. Quite proud that the paper I presented in Chicago in '94 suggested that it might be a good to build programmatic extensibility into web browsers - possibly using a virtual machine. I remember the audience thinking it was a very silly idea... ;-) Given the precedent of the Eolas case I wonder how much my employer might have made if that idea had been patented. Fortunately they didn't approve of me doing that work so that never happened. Well, if the return on capital employed in having a breadboard sitting in a store room is less than other investments why should anyone do that? Everyone in a free market tends to try and maximize there own profits - which isn't the same thing as "utilize every opportunity of profit". Sorry, compared to some jobs IT isn't that stressful. Think about the jobs that literally face life and death issues: medics, armed forces, police, lawyers, social workers etc. I've known people in all of these areas and it really helps me put any issues I have into perspective. I guess it depends on the person - I used to know a doctor who got extremely stressed when he had to break it someone that they had an incurable condition and that basically they were going to die. Not something I could do. UK here - I get 33 days, with only days we have to take off being 2 at Xmas and 2 at New Year. Apart from that it is completely flexible. Can take that any way you want - some people take it in big chunks (4 weeks or so) other as a mix of days here and there with a few weeks as well. Approval process is pretty straightforward and is mainly about giving enough notice so that people can plan round your holidays. My wife is a lawyer and she gets 36 days, but she rarely gets to take them all due to the pressures of her work. Hacker News emails passwords in plain text :-) Looks pretty good. However, I suspect your real challenge will be keeping the signal to noise ratio high. "they are not trained to mentally play with the theoretical tools they use" That's because the actual theoretical tools that are in place from computer science are generally not practically applicable to 99.9% of the work that most developers do. A knowledge of lambda calculus, CSP, Turing Machines etc. etc. is of no relevance whatsoever to someone building a CRUD business application or (for that matter) another client for Twitter. Formal abstractions from other fields aren't of much use because the mathematical techniques used for modeling the "real world" don't apply too well to programs. "Programming languages, frameworks and patterns are scientific models, designed to represent the working of a computer" That an interesting idea - but as far as I can see, completely wrong. Scientific models are created (usually using maths, but not always) to provide logical structures that have predictive and explanatory powers - and have to be consistent with observed behavior and have be falsifiable. Programs aren't constructed to explain observed behavior of computers or to predict what computers will do - they are created to control (through layers of abstraction and translation) what the devices will actually do. So I don't think "scientific model" is the right phrase to use. Sorry, I wasn't meaning that there aren't useful things in CS (I'm a CS graduate myself). What I meant was that the techniques for formally modeling software so that you can reason about it aren't as well developed as they are for normal engineering subjects. "And if you really look at it, Software Engineering is, well, not." Well said! "Engineers know how to build a bridge" Even then it can still take them a few tries to get it right: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Millennium_Bridge_%28London%29 I phrased that incorrectly - the techniques are all there in CS, but if anything they are too formal. It's the practical benefits of applying formal methods that are missing from general development (usually for good reasons). Just to remind people that the NHS isn't the sole provider of health care in the UK - there are plenty of private health care insurers and providers which seem to co-exist fairly happily with the socialist NHS. "because we can't imagine the "unfairness" of a system which doesn't cover everyone exactly 100% equally." The system in the UK doesn't even pretend to have "100% equality" - if you want to you can go to private health providers and insurers. Very few people do though because the socialized care from the NHS is often good enough. As for complaints about bureaucracy - I'm always amazed at how little bureaucracy is involved. Only time I can remember signing a form in a hospital was after my wife had a climbing accident and the hospital wanted to keep her in longer but she wanted to go home - so we had to sign some disclaimer. Maybe I am a socialist or something, but I actually really like the idea of everyone in this country getting pretty decent healthcare that is free at the point of delivery. Of course, I know that I am taxed for it in various ways - but for this I am happy to pay. You need a catchy application that lets people understand the benefits of this technique, why not use it to rank the in real-time what things celebrities on Twitter are talking about... or something like that. Hyper-V is a bit of a pain as it doesn't let you over-commit on memory. VMWare ESXi looks like a much better bet - I'm currently thinking about moving 40+ VMs in a development environment from Hyper-V to ESX so we can run more of them at the same time. Reminds me of my first job straight out of University (1988) - there was a client who had a sysadmin who had a bad habit of logging in as root and running rm *. This didn't cause any immediate problems - but all hell broke loose when tried to reboot their system. They had about 25 users on a 386-25 - quite a decent system in its day. Being old enough to remember the Alvey Programme and having worked on the EU ESPRIT programme I'm just a wee bit skeptical when I hear a politician making any announcements about funding one particular area of CS research. The Semantic Web has always appeared to me to be good old symbolic AI with a dash of angle brackets. That is interesting - particularly the comment that you can express lambda calculus in pi-calculus but not (as I read it) the other way round. Is anyone trying to build a "real world" programming language that is strictly defined in terms of pi-calculus? Given the emphasis in pi-calculus on communication and transportability of channels themselves that might work out a better basis for a real programming language than lambda calculus seems to have been for functional languages (or predicate calculus for logical languages, which don't seem very popular these days). What about: - Documentation - Testing - Support - Competitive analysis All areas that technical people often hate to get involved in. Isn't that just because in ye olden days before grade inflation relatively few people got 1sts in CS? Anyone else think of Anathem when they read this? Although avout would probably calculate fractals by singing... I quite like falling asleep while listening to something, but I wish there was some way that my iPod could work out that I've gone to sleep and cut out at that point. Maybe an app that requires you to hold the iPod vertically and pauses audio playback out when it goes into any other position for more than a configurable number of seconds? Well, the fact that they were once set to 00000000 has been made public: http://www.damninteresting.com/ive-got-the-same-combination-... OK I really tried to like this. However, most of the content seems to be at this level: "Favorite historical person of importance?" "Madonna. She was so extreme in her youth, that she made it safe for everyone else to be edgy." I wonder how much that domain cost? I like to call from ActionScript out to JavaScript and call the normal logging component there - means that Flex/Flash log entries are shown in the same log as entries from JavaScript component. The university should have told him when he enrolled for the course that some classes might not be possible because of his age. "Summer field work" sounds like it could have a marked degree of risk and/or physical effort required. If that is the case, then I can see that it might not be a good idea for a kid to do them (regardless of how bright or mature he is). Anyone who hasn't realised that shouldn't be allowed near a compiler. I really meant that comment to be restricted to a commercial context - in someone is paying you to code, they are usually asking for problems to be solved and sometimes those problems don't require much (or any) code to be written. Careful, that will start a claim that engineers are better at writing fiction than anyone else ;-) Yes, but passwords are typically used as a form of authentication (i.e. something you know) - to prove the identity of the user. Once a user has authenticated themselves then it is a separate problem to decide what they are authorized to see. Even really complex keys in links are still a big problem as they are far too easy to pass around - I've seen multiple problems on commercial systems and products where documents didn't require authentication before access and "security" relied on having an obscure key value directly represented in a link. I've started asking in interviews what people thought was wrong with a particular language or environment and if they had any thoughts as to features they would want added (or removed). Possibly the second coolest thing that CERN has ever done. "we've taken serendipity out of the equation" Unfortunately, serendipity is exactly what is at the heart of scientific and technological progress. Look at CERN, we fund particle physics, what do we get: the Web. Good post - my son is 11 and I have very similar feelings. I can't comment on the US, but here in the UK it is pretty clear to me that there are some schools that do work - and work very well. The problem is that these aren't the majority - not by any means. We currently live somewhere where my work is a 20 minute walk away, my wife's work is 15 minutes walk away and our son's school is 10 minutes walk away. That has made a huge difference to what we can both get done in a day - no need for long commutes (previous role had a commute of 2.5 hours a day) or school drop off and pick ups. Wasn't there someone on here a while back working on a system that can extract topics from text - he was wondering what to do with it. Perhaps a site with some kind of personal Bayesian filtering to categorize posts - the sort of thing I do in my head when reading comments on the BBC site (where most posts fall into my "Foaming at mouth Daily Mail reader" and "Naive Socialist" categories). Why not try selling it on sedo.com - I purchased a domain there last year and was fairly happy with the way things worked out. The main factor is probably being in central Edinburgh - which has a combination of nice homes, offices and good schools in a fairly compact area. That isn't the case - I have an example right here of a large expensive application that uses an old Java XML parser (some ancient version of Xerces I think) that gets very upset if you feed it an XML document that has a BOM. OS Maps seem to have been made freely available for a while as part of some sites, e.g. the wonderful Geograph site: http://www.geograph.org.uk/ I want to get an iPad so I can try supporting this kind of interaction in OpenShapes ( http://shap.es/docs ) - probably using Raphaël http://raphaeljs.com/ as the rendering component The bulk of OpenShapes is in JavaScript - so should be good fun making the editor work with the touch interface. Watch - that's an English case. The relevant law in Scotland is quite different. I rather liked the Y Permutator story - if for no other reason than it made me think whether it should have been C Combinator. As long as Google supports searching based on this then it's a great idea ;-) What something like putting an entire country behind a NAT firewall? Not sure that would represent progress - more likely a Balkanisation of the Net. Do you think that content would have to be available as a native app or would a web based solution be good enough? Where do you get 12 from - I've used Java from early in '95 so I'd make it at least 15. Can't stand it these days. Another mystery from the same region is how they managed to melt thousands of tons of rocks to make forts with vitrified walls: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vitrified_fort The Tap o' Noth in particular is rather impressive. So is German the Java of natural languages? I'm pretty sure awk is Turing Complete while grep isn't. I'll agree with you on that point if we ship Tony Blair to the ICC. I wonder what the chances are of getting a response from emailing those folks directly? Presumably that would mean that operating systems (at least for guests) could become a lot simpler as in most cases the guest is there for one specialized purpose and doesn't need most of the features usually found in an OS. I'm surprised that 40 turned up. Perhaps it is something with societies in ascendancy - Britain in the 19th Century, the USA in the 20th. I can't see Britain producing engineers with the status of Brunel anymore: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Isambard_Kingdom_Brunel Kleiner Perkins - they did ask for people to get in touch. It's tempting in a very very long shot kind of way. Me too - Edinburgh What about generalizing the "Baker Street" app so that you can tag any place with music or audio? :-) Not to mention developer-years tracking down really obscure bugs that turn out to be caused by a particular AV application. Someone announcing P=NP in a non-delicate way is part of Charlie Stross's story "Antibodies". I can recommend this book - it covers the same topics but is written by someone who spent decades in consulting rather than a few months: http://www.amazon.co.uk/Rip-off-Scandalous-Management-Consul... Are you talking about troff? ;-) Sacked from a civil service job for not being able to do something? That must be a first. Switzerland might not have much mineral resources - but you might want to compare the skiing in Switzerland and Dubai to see one small area where the Swiss have a lot more going for them than Dubai does. And yes, there is skiing in Dubai. Depends where you live, I'd never heard of the Boston Massacre. Katyn and Glencoe being the examples that come to mind - with the details of the former being particularly gruesome. I recently moved from using XSLT in MVC web frameworks to StringTemplate and I have to say that I am really enjoying it - XSLT can be nice, but often isn't, and can suffer lots of irritating problems with namespaces etc. I'm still quite fond of XPath though. A lot of management consulting appears to be based on finding problems that don't really exist and then being paid to fix them. So yes, this is already an extremely well established business model. But users don't care about technology, they care about getting something useful - and the few times I used it the results were almost laughably bad. I was about to write about how horrible that is when I realized that I do that all the time in jQuery: $(" Foo ").appendTo(bar) What about allowing users to re-order the snippets by draw and drop - or at least move up, move down, and reject buttons? Maybe even allow suggested snippets too - sort of like Wikipedia built from nothing but citations. Possibly, but that div is a literal chunk of HTML so that's arguably closer to a string than the normal jQuery selectors. Probably an iPad order. A lot of startup founders are people who leave academia for one reason or another (graduates, ex-academics). Also, a lot of excellent ideas (e.g. the Web) were of almost no interest to academic researchers in relevant fields at the time - they dismissed it as a toy. And perhaps from a purely academic viewpoint they were right - but that doesn't mean that it isn't of use to billions of people. Perhaps the part that says "Please don't submit comments complaining that a submission is inappropriate for the site." ? When we set up in the UK I'm pretty sure we had £100 of authorized share capital, but that we only had £2 of issued shares. So each of the two founders had one £1 share! While I agree that LDAP is confusing - it is very widely used so I don't think it is realistic to say that "nobody uses it". LDAP is a protocol, not a data store. I agree that you could implement a LDAP directory services server using a NoSQL database. Probably from the same people who put the "S" in SOAP Possibly because most people might not sign up if they knew there were only a handful of other people on there? NB That isn't a dig at amb.itio.us - it's a nice wee site and I have signed up for it. Isn't that a pretty broken design? Copying private keys around sounds like a really bad idea. Being from the UK I've always been rather puzzled by GPA - we don't mark degrees that way at all. Traditionally there are only four possible values for a honours degree (3 years in England 4 in Scotland) - First, Upper Second, Lower Second and Third. And the bias in most courses is usually to have this based largely on what you do in the final year. The idea of being evaluated as an average of every class for the length of the entire course would fill most people here with absolute horror - it being fairly common for people to scrape through the first year of a course and then do really well in the later years. [NB Degrees in Scotland are 4 years because entrance is based on exams that are done a year earlier than in England, either that or to allow for the extra drinking that is required]. When you say "school" there, do you mean university? As far I can see, people are equally interested in the US as the UK as to which university you went to - at least for the institutions that have strong brands. The single most common SOAP interface that I have seen is something like: string DoStuff(string request) Where the request and the result are already XML documents! SOAP has taught me to fear any technology that starts with "Simple" - it won't be. Having enjoyed an outstanding ski season in Scotland this year, I'm VERY happy about this ;-) For a a wee taste of Scottish skiing at Nevis Range: http://vimeo.com/10797924 Any idea why the US objects to people having dual nationality? Factory farming of livestock hardly contributes to solving malnutrition - it is much more efficient to eat plants directly rather than first feeding the stuff to animals and then eating the animals. Note: not that I have any problems with eating animals, but you can hardly defend it on efficiency grounds. I wonder if this works on a Zune.... ;-) Not exactly something I was expecting to find any humor in - but have a look at "Night scene in a trench shelter without light." Well, if IQ is so easily changed that I would argue that it is a pretty useless metric for measuring innate capabilities. I have an older (16 years older) sister who trained as an educational psychologist - I was given all kinds of tests from an early age and I certainly learned how to do them so that later in my childhood I would always get ridiculously high marks on those kinds of tests and it was always pretty clear to me that it was just because I knew the tricks of doing these tests, not that I was particularly bright or that doing the tests increases your actual level of intelligence. "physical depictions of holy figures in Islam is prohibited" is there any explanation in the Qur'an why they are prohibited? Clearly not all religious people - the same episode had Buddha snorting cocaine and I don't see anyone getting too upset over that. Neither of them - I would trust the scientists and engineers at NATS and the Met Office as they don't have the same level of commercial and political pressure on them. http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/8637978.stm I agree - I tried Raphael but actually found it a bit limiting. I can live without IE support (I can use Flex for that) so jQuery SVG looked like the better choice. The only criticism I could make of jQuery SVG is that the docs often assume that you know a lot about SVG, but that is pretty minor. I've found that pretty much everything you would want to know about is documented - just not all in one place. What makes you say that? SVG is pretty much standard drawing primitives wrapped in a XML-based syntax. Canvas is pixel oriented whereas with SVG you have a hierarchical document structure to work with. So if you want to do an online image editor I'd probably go with canvas. For something that needs multiple objects with their own individual event handling - SVG looks a lot easier to me. Ah OK - good point I guess it's good to have the choice though - for some things Canvas looks a good choice, for others SVG is better. Not only that, but the 3-rd party ecosystem around iPods is huge. e.g. the gym I go to has a new set of exercise machines that have iPod connections on them - I can plug in my iPod (which has a lot of ripped DVDs in it) and watch the movie through the large screen on top of the machine rather than using the tiny iPod screen. Actually, Eric Schmidt has had quite a few roles over the years. Hardly a "job hopper", but it's not like he founded one of the majors and stayed there forever (like Gates, Ellison etc.). This bit is rather silly: "This means we can create new types of computing models, we can also create analog computers, which you don’t program, but you let them learn." Analog computation is nothing new and has pretty much been superseded by stored program digital computers - for very good reasons. I used to knew am engineer who had used a hydraulic analog computer to solve systems of differential equations that modeled fluid flow... :-) There are plenty successful products out there that have really dreadful code in them - they sort of look OK from the outside but the internals can be pretty damn awful. So is having a good code base a big factor in the success of a product? Clearly not, from what I've seen. Surely school is a time when kids should be exposed to many different subjects to see what ones they find interesting? YUI is very impressive and fantastically well documented - but in the end I switched to jQuery and jQuery UI - it really makes working in JavaScript a delight rather than the chore I used to regard it as. Especially if you are in space already there are plenty sources of water and iron already there, so why come to Earth to get them? JavaScript has probably become my all time favorite programming language (beating Common Lisp and PostScript). I wonder if anyone has done an OS command line shell with JavaScript as the scripting language - having commands pipe JSON to each other could be rather cool. I think the only real restriction is that you can't use arbitrary objects as keys - only strings or things that easily convert to strings (such as numbers). See: http://ajaxian.com/archives/true-javascript-hash-table Personally, I've never really regarded this as much of a problem. Yeah - I've used PowerShell a lot and while it is a nice idea I sort of find the overall experience less good than it should be. For a bit I was doing a fair bit of PowerShell scripting and bash scripting at the same time and I ended up concluding that I still preferred the Unix command line. Using JSON as the "standard" data format would seem to me the ideal compromise between delimited lines of text (Unix shells) and full blown objects (PowerShell). Having worked in AI research for a number of years in the late 80s and 90s (very much in the symbolic side of things) - I ended up thinking that the only way anyone was ever going to construct an artificial mind capable of real general intelligence is by reverse engineering biological systems. So I agree with that part of the article. However, I wouldn't get too excited about any of this happening any time soon. Personally, I still feel the field is still thrashing around looking for an approach that achieves some kind of traction and that provides a long term basis for ongoing progress. As is often said, AI is still in its pre-Newtonian phase - I would love for a breakthrough to happen (although you have to refer to Vinge for some potential issues with this) but I really don't expect, like with fusion, that much to happen in my lifetime. For the foreseeable future there are only going to be intelligent entities on one side of our screens - so far a great job is being done on augmenting our own natural intelligences (e.g. Google) so I'm personally more interested in that side of things. "If you wait too long to set your structure up, you run into tax traps." We had someone who was effectively a co-founder, but for one reason or another he never got stock. After our first round of investment we realized that we had made a mistake and we founders said "no problem, we'll give him some of ours". However, in the UK this would have meant substantial capital gains liabilities for us and income tax liabilities for him - so we didn't do it. Eventually once we had a proper share options scheme he got an equivalent chunk out of that. I've started using Readability to help with pages like that - I find it works really well: http://lab.arc90.com/experiments/readability/ I agree with the comments about GEB - I've had a battered copy for over 20 years and I still haven't made it all the way to the end. There are some things that aren't a matter of money, and I would suggest "true" AI is one of them (i.e. human level general intelligence). I honestly don't think, even if you had $100 billion, anyone would know where to start to build such a beast. It isn't just a case of building sufficiently powerful hardware - I suspect that would be the easy bit. Spend $100 billion on CYC and you would end up with a big interesting database, not a functioning mind. A few months into my first job (20+ years ago) had me going out to a customer site to fix a problem at about 11pm, getting home again at about 3am. Next morning I got a bollocking from the same guy who had asked me to go onsite about coming in 5 minutes late! I managed about 7 months in that job before getting a research job. However, I did learn a lot about the politics of workplaces in that time. When I managed a team of people who had "unusual" working hours I made a point of trying to subtly communicate to people who might get upset what was going on in the team: "Thanks to Bob working to 3am this morning we are all set to give the demo to XYZ" Do that before Bob comes in at lunchtime an he get treated like a hero rather than being resented. If Bob is always working funny hours then after a while people accept it and assume that he has always been doing something heroic when he comes in at lunchtime. Of course, being the manager of such folks you actually do have to be able to know that all this is actually worth it from a business perspective. Well, some people think that the brain might be doing something deeply weird with quantum level behaviors to create what we call "consciousness", if that is the case (of course a huge if) then it might not be possible to replicate it in any meaningful sense. If you look at artificial neural networks and natural ones there are a lot of differences. Artificial neural networks are useful tools for some kind of problems, not physiological models of what happens in our brains. I can recommend this book if you are interested: http://www.amazon.co.uk/Philosophy-Artificial-Intelligence-O... "If you're smart enough, not a sheep" - sounds like a sociopath from the sociopath/clueless/loser model of organizations: http://www.ribbonfarm.com/2009/10/07/the-gervais-principle-o... Old joke: How are lawyers like nuclear weapons? If one side has one, the other side has to get one. Once launched, they cannot be recalled. When they land, they screw up everything forever. I wonder if anyone from these rating companies ever bothered to talk to the people actually buying these mortgages - i.e. the people the whole crumbly edifice was based upon. Or indeed how they were being sold. I would have expected someone to do some due diligence and find out what all of this business was actually based on. Some guys from Lehman Brothers did some actual research (i.e. they went and talked to the sales guys selling these mortgages) and concluded that it was all going to end in tears. At according to: http://www.amazon.com/Colossal-Failure-Common-Sense-Collapse... Doesn't surprise me - I would estimate: - Average life of a PC - 5 years - Windows 7 has been out for 9 months - Most purchases will be as part of new PCs So I would expect by this stage something like ((9/12) / 5) * 100 = 15%. 10% hardly seems surprising - neither good or bad. Not that I am knocking Window 7 - I use it and think it is pretty good. I'm glad that I am not the only resource (sorry person) that finds that habit really annoying. Pretty much as the Milgram experiment found out - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Milgram_experiment . All it takes is a lab coat to be perceived as an "authority figure" by most people - with distressing results. Our very first investment agreement (3i as main investor with a local VC doing the legwork) had a table of equations defining various things that would effect how much founders and option holders would get in the event of an exit. Working out what these actually meant was non-trivial and we argued strongly against them - no luck. Ironically when we went public we made a chunk of money from the very ratchet agreements we had argued so vigorously against (combined with help from the taxman). What about an Xbox 360? According to this page it is $99 a year to be able to distribute Xbox Live Community games: http://creators.xna.com/en-US/XboxLIVECommunityGames He was certainly rather negative about RBS, HBOS and Northern Rock - but didn't they rather deserve it? I would rather think the management of Northern Rock caused the run - Peston was just doing his job by reporting it. This might not have been the traditional British way of dealing with these kinds of things but personally I'd rather know that have it all covered up. What restrictions are there on labor moving between states in the EU? I'm not aware of any at all - witness the large numbers of Poles who now work in the UK (which I admit I rather like). That's probably true - but it is changing fairly rapidly. I'd certainly be pretty happy to work in some parts of France! Good question - I have no idea who Silverlight is for. It might make sense for internal corporate applications - but they don't need to look very pretty so all the integration with design stuff is irrelevant. Have you ever actually listened to an interview by the BBC of a government minister? Have a look at this classic: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BklT7Qy07Is "notoriously unbalanced" - care to cite some examples? Pretty much every government that has been in power in the UK hates the BBC because they can't control it. In his BBC series "British Isles: A Natural History" Alan Titchmarsh was made up to look like a Neanderthal, put on normal clothes and then went for a walk down a busy street - hardly anyone noticed. You can see a picture of him on this page: http://www.bbc.co.uk/dna/h2g2/A21606040 An excellent series: http://www.bbc.co.uk/sn/tvradio/programmes/britishisles/prog... Not to mention this rather dark tale: http://www.infinityplus.co.uk/stories/colderwar.htm I think that says more about OWA than it does about Firefox. He also clearly knows very little about hammers if he thinks they offer "slightly different features". Chip and PIN cards work pretty well (and yes I do know they have vulnerabilities) - I only use cash once or twice a month. I actually can't remember the last time I used a credit/debit card and actually signed for something - that would seem rather quaint these days. I'm pretty sure I can remember this from the early '70 (I was born in '65) - for some reason the bit about Analog and Digital computers stuck in my brain.... Surely the answer to that is to set up a UK bank account and use a debit card (I make most payments with a debit card). OSM is very good for where I am now - the center of Edinburgh (much better than any of the others). However, rural locations in Scotland look very sparsely mapped. It's quite long time since I wrote Lisp for a living, but that reminded me of some old friends: method combination, reader macros and the loop macro. They must be doing something right - Halo 3 multiplayer is the only thing I play on our Xbox. Truly it is a happy day when I get more kills in a multiplayer game than my 11 year old son :-) It doesn't - it actually goes to a very long and detailed article. "Seamless Integration" should be added to that list. It is pretty nice that the different implementations of Lucene all use the same index file formats. There are some pretty nice tools to go with Lucene - I've used Luke quite a bit: http://code.google.com/p/luke/ Spaceships have evolved plenty in the last 30 years - just not manned spaceships. The sheer number of things in space these days is stunning: http://science.nasa.gov/realtime/jtrack/3d/JTrack3D.html My own pet theory is that bugs are far more likely to be created late at night than at any other time. Top tip for annoying an academic: refer to the "real world" in a way that implies that they don't belong to it. The professor I used to work for used become incandescent with rage when someone did this. :-) My experience is in the the UK, but when I worked in academia (from '89 to '95) I was paid roughly the same amount as my friends in the private sector. Looking at academic salaries these days they don't look too bad when you compare working conditions, perks (access sports centers etc.), long holidays and the rather generous final salary pension scheme. Yeah, I can imagine PhD students have a hard time everywhere - but I really don't have much sympathy for salaried staff in academia (or most of the UK public sector) complaining about wages and conditions. To add confusion, where I grew up in Scotland "boy" == "loon", "small boy" == loonie", "girls" == "quines" ... Better than one experience I had years ago when we gave a long and very detailed proposal only to find out later that it was a guy doing research for his MBA. Labour and the LibDems will join together to form a government and change the rules ("electoral reform") so that with their combined 52% and a form of proportional representation the Tories will have real problems getting into power again. Although it looks like Nick Clegg lost he will actually end up with more power and influence than anyone from his party has had for an awfully long time. I did find the views of the SNP rather alarming - that if the Tories got in it would probably create the right conditions for them mounting a realistic campaign for independence. I have no desire to be stuck in a wee country, oil running out, with a bunch of insane socialists and RBS. Labour presumably also has strong support from people employed by the state - most of whom I would not describe as "working class". I suspect that this explains why the Labour share of the vote seems to have grown strongly in Scotland. I would be quite happy for them to get a seat so that they have more opportunity to advertise how nasty they are. I'm sure that has already occurred to them :-( A lot of those finance jobs are in RBS - and who owns that now? :-| Replication of content would be important - you need to be able to see your friend's data when they are offline. Doing that securely would be interesting - but I suspect not impossible with current cryto. Would need to supporting work both as as server application and a thick client. Sounds a bit like an open Lotus Notes... I'm not sure I'd be too worried about bandwidth issues - once content is replicated it could be served up from people who already have it rather than always going back to the original source. In fact, I suspect things would have to be done this way to provide some kind of resilience. I think getting the security model for distributed content would be the crux of this kind of architecture, and I suspect that is probably solvable and would really benefit from an open architecture with multiple implementations. "That value you see is not reversible" Strictly speaking, that is true. But with a brute force dictionary attack all you do is generate likely email addresses (and these are often very easy to predict) and apply the same hashing process (which has to be public) and look it up in your local copy of the database. That is true, but I'm pretty sure back in the old days there were multiple proprietary email systems that didn't interoperate and they eventually all did end up supporting SMTP eventually. Actually, I just realized this would be a horrible thing as it provides a means of checking validity of email addresses - presumably a spammers delight. You would presumably need something like an MX record - but MX records are for all email addresses using that domain. You could probably create individual DNS domains for each user though. So I guess you could give your email provider the ability to publish your social networking provider - but not sure what problem that solves... Having used XSLT quite a bit I now avoid it - for generating HTML simpler templating tools are much easier to use (I using StringTemplate but there are plenty others) and for manipulating XML I actual find I prefer normal code in Java/C#/Javascript. That makes things a bit better, but a lot of first names are embedded in email addresses... It could be argued that derivatives traders are simply satisfying a market requirement - what about the folks who buy these things not really understanding what it is they are getting into, even though they are investment "professionals". I remember reading in a book "exposing" management consulting business practices that one major firm of consultants (known as "The Butchers") always recommended the same thing to companies: sack 25% of your workforce, regardless of the real problems the company had, the answer was always the same (of course, as they were being paid to come up with this answer they pretended to do a lot of detailed analysis to justify this conclusion). This actually worked - for most companies (especially ones addicated to management consultants) you can sack 25% of the workforce and see immediate gains in profitability - which the consultants can then use as references to get more victims/clients. Of course, in the long term this does a lot of damage to companies but as long as the short term figures look good nobody really cares. The book is: http://www.amazon.co.uk/Rip-off-Scandalous-Management-Consul... According to http://www.nationmaster.com/graph/edu_spe_per_pri_sch_stu-sp... the US spends about $6K per child for primary education. I don't know about the US but private schools here in the UK are rather more than that (we pay a total of about $15K a year). Well, for what it is worth, I rather like the name. Memorable, easy to spell and with the right amount of humor. I'm amazed that they have been able to run this service for 5 years - the fact that Google hasn't stopped them in that time says more about Google that it does about Scroogle. Let's see. Text files are easy to diff and merge, to query using regexs, to generate from programs and to parse for input. I'm struggling to see what is stupid about it. I'd be very happy if you could come up with something better. OK, for sake of argument let us assume that we realize that there is a problem. What is this solution then? (It better not involve XML or Excel spreadsheets). There certainly can be - I had a colleague who was working in the US for our UK based company and after a mix up by the tax advisers he ended up being taxed twice. That's an interesting point - I normally have very little cash on me and we don't keep any at home as Pin-n-Chip cards are taken by pretty much everywhere I shop. However, I remember reading about the financial crisis of '08 and how a lot of UK banks (RBS & HBOS) were close to shutting down and how terrified the politicians were that the cash machine and EPOS networks would stop working. It did make me think that keeping a wad of cash somewhere might be a good idea. Isn't snobol the ultimate text file processing language? Agreed, it never ceases to amaze me how some developers seem to love writing so much pointless boilerplate code. So what are you proposing then?? I can recommend "The Sociopath Next Door": http://www.amazon.com/Sociopath-Next-Door-Martha-Stout/dp/07... 5000ft is one hell of a depth of water - dump gravel in and it will spread over a huge area. Especially if you dump it one boat load at a time. Maybe it's a pack of three iterative dichotomisers. I don't know your definition of vulgar - but as far as I am concerned most of the projects are obscene. You have the naive amateurs that seem to run the higher reaches of the civil service trying to handle voracious monsters of consulting companies and getting reamed in the process. And nobody really cares as it is "only taxpayers money". Very few things make me really angry - this whole mess is one of them. If he keeps up stuff like that I might actually start to like the man. I could at least understand (while strongly disapproving) of simple buying of votes through spending taxpayers money in the right areas - I'm from Scotland. However, none of these projects made any sense from that perspective. Massively overpaid consultants probably don't vote Labour anyway (even New Labour) and there weren't that many of them. Simplest answer I can come up with is that the people who commissioned and ran these projects were, in the best British tradition, bumbling idiots. Someone was pointing out to me that the NHS bureaucracy will probably cut front line services first - to try and reinforce this view. It's such a crying shame - the NHS frontline staff can be utterly wonderful, I just hate the layers of parasitical managers gaming the system of daft metrics to get their bonuses. Its a classic mistake to try and make a large IT system meet all the individual requirements of a large heterogeneous organization - witness many ERP disasters. You have to rationalize the processes in an organization then make them use the same systems. In fact, I've seen scenarios where having totally inflexible IT systems was actually a bit of a blessing - there was no endless wrangling over requirements, people were told "you are going to use this and like it" and they had to change their processes to fit in with the systems. I wouldn't have believed how well this can work unless I had seen it happen in a fairly large multinational. I remember the arguments about the Royal Yacht - they seemed to make a lot of sense to me and I'm fairly anti-Royal. From what I can remember at the time it was stopped to provide some desperately needed class-warrior credentials for New Labour - the Royals being fairly easy targets as they can't complain too much. Can't see why we couldn't do that with the NHS - it's all state owned and paid for directly by taxes. It should be there to provide healthcare, not to provide comfortable careers for managers. You aren't joking - I can remember huge arguments on EU Esprit projects over who owned the IP when anyone actually involved at the grunt level could have told everyone concerned that nobody was ever going to use any of the stuff produced so IP issues were irrelevant. Be very pleased that you didn't get a job there - if they treat job applicants like this they will probably treat their employees just as badly. I must admit that, like sdh, I am very curious as to whether you have your own kids. No - my question was simply whether he has kids or not. He has every right to his own opinions (which I don't particularly disagree with) - I was simply interested to see if he is a parent or not. Yeah, to me "message" makes me think of very heavy duty systems like MQ. This comment is pretty interesting: "here are supporters on both sides of the climate debate ('warmists' and 'deniers') for whom the science is secondary. One feature of them both is that recognise no shade of gray." This kind of polarization happens a lot in the technology field (e.g. SQL vs NoSQL, Flash vs HTML 5) - usually not by the leaders in these areas but often by people who feel they have the need to strongly align themselves with one particular perspective. Interesting - my first search (for hyperion) brought back more interesting results than Google. Not a very scientific study, but that's the first time that has happened to me since I first used Google and searched for java and actually found something about the programming language. The favicons are a good idea - they do make scanning the list of results a lot easier, even if the overall layout of the page is a bit weird. Anyone else surprised that the "public policy director" for Facebook wears a suit and tie? I agree - and I have two. I think my approach is better, no matter how big a file you want to store I only have to store the same amount of data... all I do is hash it first. Still working on the restore side of things, but that can't be too difficult, can it? Thanks for the JavaScript! In what contexts would those two snippets of XML be treated differently? (Not that I am jumping in to defend XML I'm just curious). That's what I thought - I don't think I've ever seen an application that would bother with that difference. Good point! :-) What, you mean hashes don't won't like compression? I find using native apps with files in Dropbox works better for me (docs, Freemind mindmaps) than using web-based equivalents. Of course, things like Google Docs win if you want to eventually share the document, but for personal stuff I'll be sticking to Dropbox. It took me quite a long time to remember that I spent that conference doing booth duty. I seem to remember some rather large gentlemen getting rather upset with us when we tried to carry our own boxes from our rental car to our stand.... The only thing that I've seen that tried to split executing application code between the display server (i.e. the bit you have locally) and the application process was NeWS: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NeWS I had great fun programming with this (especially with the Hypercard-like HyperNeWS environment). Once you the hang of interactive programming in PostScript it was a lot of fun. Of course, you could argue that web browsers are doing this with Javascript - but that's at a different level of abstraction. Not really (at least not unless X has changed a lot since the last time I had much low level dealings with it) - NeWS allowed the client application to sent chunks of code to the display server, not just commands to display things. And not just chunks of any old code, but a full PostScript environment with all that it implies. There was also a shell (psh) that allowed you to log in directly to a display server and interact with display objects. I remember logging into a colleagues NeWS server process (we had security turned off for some reason) and rotating one of his windows by 20 degrees just by running a single PostScript command. By the time you have a few rounds of VC money the founders are effectively employees like anyone else - except that you happen to own a minority chunk of equity. Which might be worth something one day but has very little power. From what I can remember of being an academic researcher (it was a while ago) the term "trivial" was indeed used to indicate something that wasn't of any real research interest. This does indeed annoy people who put a lot of work into building complex systems that actually do useful stuff. So that's what cut is for! They really were quite menacing in a professional kind of way - even more so than corporate lawyers. Well, drug dealing is a business - just not a legal one. Most of the same rules apply - there is a chapter in Freakonomics pretty much making this point (and pointing out what a pretty awful business drug dealing is for most participants). So from that perspective I would say that drug-dealing probably does have more to do with running a normal business than any academic field. I would add that you need to get paid in relation to the value you are creating for who is paying and less about your own perceived value of the work - which is usually based on totally different metrics to that of the client. People often criticize of their own weaknesses. When making a sales pitch to solve a problem, confidence is everything . Intelligence is not a scalar quantity. When on the receiving end of a sales pitch, make sure that the technical guy making the pitch are actually responsible for the delivery. Marketing and sales are generally more important than technology. 7am Usually woken by our two Burmese cats asking for breakfast. Put cat's food out. Put coffee on. Empty dishwasher. Empty cat's litter tray. Shave, shower get dressed. Breakfast - coffee, muesli, natural yogurt and fruit. Drink coffee, listen to Radio 4, chat to wife/kids. Put breakfast dishes in dishwasher. Wake up. Brush teeth. Check work email on iPhone. Leave house at 8.35. Walk to work listing to podcast or an audiobook. Get to work at 9am. I think if you have been out in a UK city center on a Friday or Saturday night you might appreciate the problems the cameras are trying to solve. Not that I agree that the cameras are a good idea - but they are more a symptom of the darker elements of British culture that have pretty much always been there. cocomment seems to aggregate with respect to the person making the comments. Does anything aggregate comments with respect to the thing being commented on? Given an interesting bit of content, it gets posted on a variety of sites that support commenting on links (Digg/Reddit/HN/...) and frequently the comments are actually more interesting than the original content so getting a unified version of those would be nice and something I'd probably use. It certainly would be interesting to see - some very strange things are done in the name of "SOX Compliance" and it would be nice to see what the absolute minimum that is required for the simplest possible company. On a whim last year I searched for "atheist t-shirts" and to my delight found that there are actually quite a few available and that most of appeal to my sense of humor (mostly things along the lines of "my imaginary friend is better than your imaginary friend" etc.). Then I remembered we were going to Egypt on holiday and suddenly this didn't seem like such a good idea. (To be fair, Egypt is a lovely place). We had a cooling failure in the room in our office that had the development servers (production server are in a data center). It was well over 40C - the noise was incredible, sounded like the racks were trying to take off. From what I recall of the book it made it sound like the rating agencies were incompetent and the investment banks exploited this weakness to get their CDOs of crappy mortgages rated AAA. I agree that it is amazing that these organizations still exist after having arguably been the main cause of so much chaos. Why do you even need to install the server if it's a personal project - AFAIK svn works just fine accessing repos on a local file system. If anyone finds that list disturbing then they really need to get out more. Personally, I find what people capable of in our darker moments disturbing, but science is essentially the antidote for that. Sagan's "The Demon-Haunted World" being strongly recommended: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Demon-Haunted_World I think the article is trying to equate quantum computers with non-deterministic Turing Machines - which still looks like a matter for debate. As for P & NP - aren't they defined in terms of decision problems that can be solved in polynomial time by deterministic and non-deterministic TMs respectively? Which is a distinction that is about as close to "the hardware used to perform computations" as it is possible to get while working with abstractions. I did know someone who belonged to the "those who see a car as just something to take you from point a to b" view of cars. However, he owned his own jet (and other aircraft). I disagree (and I have a CS degree) - the time spent getting another academic qualification would be far better spent on the more practical suggestions given elsewhere on this page. If you like that site then you may find the Geograph project interesting: http://www.geograph.org.uk/ The have high resolution (100m x 100m) resolution photo heat maps of the UK. (Note the amount of green in Scotland, meaning no pics at all of that grid square). The OP does have a degree, just not a CS one. Maybe have a fixed number of submissions accepted per day and have people bid for acceptance? If the classes in your system vary a lot in behavior but not in their internal state then mapping to a database can be straightforward. With lots of variations in object structure things can be horrible - witness designs that have more tables than most tables have rows. Maybe someone should create an ERP system based on one then! Except that doctor was in the UK working for the NHS. I've never heard of anyone feeling that they were ripped off financially by a doctor in the UK, so that doesn't explain the problem. From December to April the Alps get a hell of a lot of visitors - the big ski resorts (especially the French ones) are huge . 3 Valleys, Espace Killy, Paradiski.... I'd go with the Alps The problem with that list is that it is going to be different for each person who got a CS degree. But people really don't want that kind of sensible mature argument and would rather have set of "best practices" that they can blindly follow. At the end of my time in academia I had become, as one friend put it "hyper cynical". However, this actually made me much better at playing the publications game - pretty much every collaboration with colleagues involved some negotiation over where in the list of authors my name would go. I left, co-founded a company, moved onto other things and have never regretted leaving academia - I much prefer building things people do use to writing papers about things that people will probably ignore (that being the fate of most academic research). The only bit about academic life that I wouldn't mind having is the nice juicy final salary pension scheme! You'd be amazed at the number of experienced developers who tell me "it is best practice to do XYZ" who when challenged as to what is the underlying justification for this recommendation can't actually provide a sensible answer. So how long before DNA has DRM? I attended a talk last year at the Edinburgh Science Festival given by one of the Pixar guys - it was absolutely fascinating. Perhaps the most memorable part of the whole thing were the "outtakes" that get produced when their models don't quite work as expected. So even Pixar's mistakes are pretty entertaining. I wonder if this wouldn't be a good time for Microsoft to split itself up - I still think it is pretty crazy for the same company to be producing everything from the Xbox 360 through to Dynamics AX. I'm not a Microsoft hater by any means, but from what I can see they are definitely losing their touch - too many acquisitions, too many overlapping products and, worst of all, licensing schemes that are frequently like something from Kafka. Honestly, trying to get a straight answer on Microsoft licensing is, as far as I am concerned, the worst thing about their products (which are often technically rather good). That's why I was glad to get out of working for any organization that has a business model based purely on "professional services". As far as I could see, who the clients would choose had nothing to do with the ability of the vendors to actually deliver something. Occasionally we'd get involved in clearing up the mess left by other, much larger, companies - which I found pretty soul destroying. On one occasion we bid alongside a much larger company who when they actually got the work turned round and subcontracted us to do the work - they did nothing apart from occasionally turning up a meetings. Nobody else, least of all the client, seemed to regard this as odd. Sounds like those debts were created through criminal activity - I would have thought the city should have the right to take them to court and have them declared null and void and walk away. Shouldn't there be a law that if a bank uses corrupt means to obtain business then the people who end up with the debt should have the right to walk away from it (after due process, of course). Follow the money - I suspect it these circumstances you'll find that the "large building companies" probably had something to do with the program being created. Well, you wouldn't want the wrong people getting awarded these contracts, would you? I remember we had a slightly painful meeting when there was 4 of us and it was clear who the best candidate for CEO was - and it wasn't one of the founders. I even said the "you aren't going to be CEO he is" to my co-founder, which I don't think he ever forgave me for (although we went on for another 6 years after that). That was probably the single best decision I made at that company. Once we got that out of the way we kind of all knew what our areas of responsibility were, before that it was "everyone does everything". I remember picking up an iPod in what was probably '02 and thinking "I should buy some Apple stock". Damn. One thing I had to do years ago as part of an interview was to write a C function to find the first bit set in a block of memory, flip it and return the location of the bit. Doing that at a whiteboard while explaining to the bearded chap interviewing me what I was doing. From what I recall, I actually sort of enjoyed solving it as my C was bit rusty as I'd mostly been programming in Lisp. "With the technology, the military could strike anywhere on planet within an hour or less" Even at 4000 miles at out it wouldn't it still take up to 3 hours to get anywhere on the planet (24900 mile circumference)? So nowhere on the planet is less than 4000 miles from a US base? Somehow I expect the answer to that question to be "yes". I'm pretty sure that doesn't do what I was asked to do. Clearly the answer is "1", the sequence being defined as the numbers 1,4,9 and 16 repeated. I look forward to "The Meta Object Protocol for Dummies" and "CLOS in 21 Days". (Actually, I find reading AMOP a bit humbling, which is why I keep it lying around my desk at home). Those languages merely aspire to true awfulness - for truly mind warping horror you need to see some in-house designed languages that I have seen that use XML as their starting point. http://tredosoft.com/Multiple_IE Fascinating stuff - I found this paper that tries to give geometrical/physical interpretations for fractional differentiation and integration: http://people.tuke.sk/igor.podlubny/pspdf/pifcaa_r.pdf Which might help. Indeed, I can see what looks like a rather more interesting castle (built on the glacier eroded plug of an ancient volcano) by turning round and looking out the window: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edinburgh_Castle Have a read of the "source" material: http://www.enterprisemission.com/Phobos.html It is even more bizarre than the original article. Of course, by Poe's law, either of these could be subtle parodies. (Although I suspect not). {url http://example.com/ Click here!} From the manual/spec at: http://cairnarvon.rotahall.org/misc/sexpcode.html An interesting idea, but I'm not convinced that it has that many advantages. Maybe not a death penalty, but a pretty serious wound: BPs total revenues in 2009 were $239 billion - of which about $130 billion was from the USA. Not to mention all the other societies in that part of the world going back about 4000 years before that map. It hardly seems surprising that earlier maps aren't around - by their very nature they tend to get used by people doing things, often quite risky things, so they are bound to get damaged and/or lost. Might be an idea to read "Engineering with Nuclear Explosives": http://www.archive.org/details/engineeringwithn00plowrich [Edited to point to archive page, rather than the PDF]. Some nuclear weapons had relatively small yields - as low as 10 tons of TNT: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Special_Atomic_Demolition_Munit... I used to live on the north east side of Edinburgh and commute by bicycle to a location on the south west side of the city (Riccarton campus) - this was great as it was up hill and into the prevailing wind in the morning and down hill and wind behind you at night. That chart would make me sell/spin-off the Entertainment and Devices division and kill the online services division. Excel isn't going anywhere - it is the basis for so many business systems. Pretty much every other Office app (perhaps with the exception of Outlook) could be replaced without too many noticing, but Excel is the key business application for decision makers in most organizations. Choosing a postfix syntax stack oriented language can make things lot easier - at least for the interpreter developer, if not for anyone trying to program in your language. Consolidation of multi-dimensional hierarchical data can be surprisingly compute intensive. Combine that with VaR calculations etc. then it doesn't surprise me that serious kit is required. It's quite impressive that one guy managed to invent two of the entries on that list: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thomas_Midgley,_Jr . He invented tetra-ethyl lead and CFCs. So what on earth do they teach in CS courses these days? That course sounds similar to the one I did in the 80s in the UK - especially the bit about not really getting that much instruction on languages, you were expected to be able to largely pick that kind of stuff up by yourself. Oh I agree that Excel has problems. However, there is a huge ecosystem around Excel - lots of enterprise apps have tight Excel integration and an amazing amount of complex stuff gets done in VBA in Excel. As to your other point, I've actually persuaded quite a few (very bright) finance people how to use TortoiseSVN and they picked it up pretty easily and seems to work very well for them. Wire it up so that you use a sensible diff tool to show differences between revisions and it actually is pretty civilised. Almost like real code! ;-) The only competitor that I have looked at was Alfresco - though I don't think they count as a startup anymore. Similar story here - I had no work ethic at all until I failed my first year at University. (I had excellent school results, five unconditional offers of places at University etc.). I went back, worked very hard, passed the exam I failed (maths) and after that graduated with a 1st. I also got a stupidly high mark in an IQ test when I was 16 - largely as we had an educational psychologist in the family who had bombarded me with tests since I was about 4. There is no way that stuff actually makes you smarter but it sure does make you better at passing silly tests. Indeed, in '98 our application was put onto an IBM demo disk of Java applications - we were a VC funded startup and I was the CTO. After we had sent them the stuff to include on the disk a very worried developer came to me and told me that "some of 's test data went to IBM". The test data in question had been sourced from some particularly unpleasant alt. newsgroups. I had a genuine "my career is over" moment... Turns out that the only data that got sent out was a reference to the word "sheep" in an search index. That was all. I've tended to be quite careful about test data since then. Do any of these create well formed XHTML? I can't see any way that going to the Moon or Mars is going to help with the real issues we will have in the next 20 to 50 years. It's not like I dislike the idea of going to Mars (I have a well thumbed copy of Zubrin's "The Case for Mars") - but at this moment in time, do I think it is a sensible thing to do? Sadly, absolutely not. Perhaps because "If we can send a man to the moon, why can't we do X" is a pretty terrible argument for most problems. For most analogous engineering projects (e.g. going to Mars) the answer is "because it costs too much". There must be some ISO standard for this stuff - that sounds so much like the British Civil Service. So a paying customer trying to get in contact is "bothering the CEO" - what a truly awful bit of customer service. I've probably hired about the same number - the guys who were the absolute best were from CS backgrounds. Probably depends on the kind of systems you are building. I actually rather like that HN doesn't do email notifications or an RSS feed of your own comments/replies. Is the civility level on any site like this doomed to decrease over time as popularity grows? The guys (yes, they were all guys) I meant all had pure CS backgrounds. Either 4 year BSc degrees, some with PhDs on top of that (I'm in the UK so PhD is typically research only). Of course, YMMV. These were core product developers - the folks who did well in customer facing roles did have more varied backgrounds. How would you go about verifying someone's real identity? Or by real names do you mean having identities strongly linked to accounts on other systems (e.g. Facebook) that probably have more reputable identity details? Even Certificate Authorities these days don't do a whole lot of verification of your identity when getting a personal certificate - it's usually at the level of checking that you have access to an email account. tjmaxal doesn't have the authority include himself into the distribution list for those memos. SVG and JavaScript (using something like jQuery SVG) might not be too bad. I'd agree with that - I've met some pretty decent people with MBAs but I've probably met more absolute scoundrels with MBAs than any other qualification (even more than law degrees). This has nothing to do with the concept of the MBA or the courses, but more to do with the type of people who feel drawn to a short cut to senior management or influence over senior managers. The FLOSS Weekly podcast is excellent http://twit.tv/FLOSS This Week in Tech can be good - even if it is often dominated by talk about Twitter and Facebook. For non tech podcasts I can also recommend: - The History of Rome ( http://thehistoryofrome.typepad.com/ ) - 12 Byzantine Rulers ( http://www.12byzantinerulers.com/ ) However, for driving I find that nothing beats unabridged books from Audible - just finished "The Big Short". I like that the fact that once the ferry arrives at Rosyth it sends you up the Forth and over the Kincardine Bridge rather than over the Forth Road bridge that you would have just sailed under. A slight nitpick: Hogan's Heroes was about a prison camp for Allied POWs - not a concentration camp. I think I'm going to print out "coding is procrastination" and stick it to the top of my monitor. The gratification with coding is short term - find a problem, think of a feature and get stuck in and get it done. When it works you get a nice glow of self satisfaction. I don't know about others, but having the self-control to not open the code editor and do something else is probably the most difficult challenge I face in getting projects out there. Sunrise is 4.30am here at the moment - I really don't fancy getting up at that time (or going to sleep at 20:30). You mean SLABS? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Asset-backed_security#Student_l... It was certainly more interesting to learn about the details of the architecture of Burroughs machines than to actually use them - the CANDE "shell" was an abomination. The only bright spot (at least for Tron fans) was the OS kernel being called the "Master Control Program". Don't most governments behave like Ponzi schemes? Nitpick: High Court of England and Wales, there is no "British" High Court. The only exception I can think to this is 19th century engineer Brunel - he came 2nd in the BBC's 100 Greatest Britons. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Isambard_Kingdom_Brunel By way of comparison, TBL was 99th. Which Word? The newfangled Word for Windows thing or the old one that even ran on Unix variants? ;-) Did you actually say on your site that you didn't have a product in an obvious way? I was just about to do this for a product I've just started working on and I'd planned to be quite honest about the status and simply collect emails so I could keep people notified. I was a bit of a skeptic about HD - but I suspect it all comes down to the quality of the production. I was watching the BBC "Wonders of the Solar System" last night and it looked awesome in HD. Not really - I expect this will simply replace Works. I would expect that the really big cash cow is large organizations buying a complete set of client licenses (for Windows, Office, SharePoint) through Enterprise Agreements. I really wanted a Jupiter Ace, but had to do with the Sinclair and Apple devices at school. I had read a bit about Forth and thought it sounded rather cool. I've been fascinated by RPN languages ever since - even managing to have great fun doing interactive PostScript development on slightly more expensive kit. I have very vivid memories of two particular usenet posts: - Reading about a thing called "Mosaic" on alt.hypertext in early '93 when I was actually tasked with finding a hypertext browser for the project I was on. I remember thinking "Sounds cool, but why would I want to load documents over a network?" - In '95 reading a post about a project called "Oak" at Sun that involved a guy that I vaguely knew, sending a begging email to Sun got me a very early copy of Java http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bohr_model The right hand side of the diagram.... So you were right about the "pithy one liner". Most of the places I see that don't take cards are newsagents - hardly difficult to see why someone in that line of business might be a bit reluctant to make a capital investment. Here's your chance: http://cgi.ebay.co.uk/Jupiter-Ace-Computer-/290440498106?cmd... I have to say that it doesn't look quite as interesting as it did when I was 16. I'd ask him to put you in touch with one of their portfolio companies who has outsourced successfully. If they can do that then you might learn something useful from the other folks - if they can't then they might drop the idea (although probably not much chance of that). I agree - FTP requires servers to be set up etc. In most corporate environments that can take a long time (for good reasons, you don't go changing perimeter firewalls without some kind of change control) - much easier for everyone to install Dropbox and start sharing stuff in minutes. Having been involved in litigation over copyright where we were 100% in the right but the other side had fundamental misconceptions about how copyright actually works I can understand why you'd just give up when threatened with legal action. It took us a long time (about six months) and a considerable chunk of money in lawyers fees just to get them to go away - even though their case was totally groundless. I was quite amused by the description of the cult she "managed" in "Why People Believe Weird Things": http://www.amazon.com/People-Believe-Weird-Things-Pseudoscie... Well said, my father was in the RAF in WW2 and he always made it very clear to me that in his opinion it was the bravery and sacrifices of the Soviet people that were mainly responsible for the defeat of the Nazis. Of course, when I was younger and the Soviet's were the "evil empire" it was difficult for me to believe this. Now, having read a lot of military history, I share his view. To be fair, it didn't work out too well for IBM (hence the much more closed PS/2 range). The real winner was Microsoft. FYI Edward VIII was pretty much forced to step down in the 1930s: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edward_VIII_abdication_crisis Maybe not the best of reasons (his choice of partner), but it does demonstrate that they aren't immovable. Didn't the United States more or less have to choose between France and Vietnam as allies? What about the Mongols under Genghis Khan? The UK in the 19th century? Does anyone here actually like UML? I often draw diagrams, but they never conform to any formal standard and are very much in the "UML as sketch" mode: http://martinfowler.com/bliki/UmlAsSketch.html I actually didn't mean to imply that there aren't situations where something like UML can be useful e.g. documenting business processes. However, my own view is that as you actually get closer to code the benefits of the "UML as blueprint" style of thinking become less obvious to the point where they actually can hinder a lot of projects (e.g. artificial distinctions where you get "architects" who only create UML and through it over a wall to "coders" who attempt to turn these designs into working systems). I think there is a stage between 2 and 3 where people become obsessed with coding standards that say thing like "don't use the ternary operator because it can be confusing". If I install Ubuntu today (and probably other Linux distros) I get the option to do a RDP connection to apps or a desktop on a Windows server. How is this different? The Imperial War Museum has a great collection of art including a lot of propaganda posters: http://www.iwmprints.org.uk/ Or: ( loop for die in dice sum ( face-value die )) Been a while since I've done any lisp, but pretty sure that is how you would probably do it. Perhaps length of coastline is perhaps part of the problem - the UK has a very long coastline for its area. Usually when I've seen people using remote desktop connections it is to access internal ERP or LOB applications - things which Google are not going to be able to provide access to. For "normal" desktop apps (e.g. MS Office) - wouldn't providing access to these kinds of things undermine Google's strategy of doing things in the browser? I guess they could provide a LogMeIn/GotoMyPC kind of product - but that is hardly revolutionary. If you have a spare PC to turn into a SAN-lite, OpenFiler supports iSCSI http://www.openfiler.com/ There is already a "programming" environment used by lots of non-developers: it's called Excel. Surely being a patent troll is the ideal business model for a time traveler? No need to go to the bother of actually selling any products, just patent things you know will be wildly successful, wait until the right time and then unleash your lawyers. The original is: "I must Create a System, or be enslav'd by another Man's; I will not Reason and Compare: my business is to Create" From "Jerusalem The Emanation of The Giant Albion": http://www.blakearchive.org/exist/blake/archive/work.xq?work... Chrome and Safari have a REPL console - you can type JavaScript and get immediate feedback. Great idea for a library that builds on what modern browsers can do to provide an environment that is similar to the old micros (I started programming on a Apple II). You could use the client side database support in Chrome/Safari to save local copies of code and allow stuff to be loaded back into the environment of the current page. Some games do have voice control - Rainbow Six: Vegas on the Xbox 360 allows you to give order to your computer controlled teammates. Having spent a lot of time on both the selling and buying side of "professional services" I can see that most successful sales pitches are built around giving the purchaser a sense of certainty of the effectiveness of the proposed solution. I actually think that in many cases it is more difficult for someone who is knowledgeable to convey that sense of certainty because in so many technical situations the technical answer to simple questions is "it depends on the details of what you want to do". The "right" answer in a sales context is usually "yes, this will solve your problems" and worry about the reality once the contract is signed. Google's success wasn't so much coming up with the best web search technology but finding a way of converting that to billions of dollars in revenues and profits. To me Google have excelled at both the technology and the marketing - which is why they are so successful. Having said that, if you can't manage to be good at both technology and marketing, I suspect that you are better off being weak at technology than marketing. Plenty companies thrive with average/poor technology but an excellent understanding of what the market wants. I've known plenty companies (some from the inside) where the technology was good but the marketing was weak - things generally don't turn out too well. Why? Seems like an interesting wee story to me. Well, unless the concept of the Farnsworth Fusor is complete BS (IANAP!) it looks reasonably plausible (if rather unlikely to achieve break even or better). As long as what they are doing is reasonably safe I would applaud these people for trying, it's not like they are taking billions of dollars from taxpayers to pay for this stuff. Making a fusor looks like a pretty interesting project: http://brian-mcdermott.com/what_it_takes.htm So what's wrong with using a switch statement if all you have are 3 operations? Even if more operations had to be added I'd probably let it grow to the point where the method the switch is in was getting a bit unwieldy then look at refactoring it using a pattern if I really thought it would be worth it. I would guess that 95% of extensible systems are never extended :-) You could set the legal entity up somewhere like the UK, which doesn't have anything like SOX or (as far as I know) the concept of an "accredited investor". When I was working in CS research in the UK in the 80/90s the prof I worked for probably wouldn't have noticed until someone had gone missing for a few weeks. Some people worked long hours, some didn't, there wasn't any correlation between hours in the office and how successful people were. However, other profs were known to be fascists. It all depended who you worked for. Yeah - the guy I worked for was heavily involved in EU level projects. We typically had no idea which country he was in let alone whether he was supposed to be in that day/week/month. http://c2.com/xp/YouArentGonnaNeedIt.html As the paper says: "The key to building a complex system in any domain is identifying and implementing suitable abstractions for that area’s core concepts." Without a broad overview of the key abstractions, coming up with powerful new features is going to be that bit more difficult. They cite the example of Lisp influencing Google's MapReduce framework. Market forces - people are quite happy paying for cheap stuff that doesn't last very long. Don't you think that there is a chance that your co-founder reads HN and that there is probably more than enough information in your post to identify yourself? You might want to consider the term "professional" - I really don't think it means what you think it means. Posting this kind of stuff to a popular forum is far more unprofessional than anything you have accused your co-founder of. I would have said that their key differentiating feature was that they were much better at actually finding relevant stuff than the competitors. I don't think many people stopped using AltaVista because it was too slow. It's been a long time since Java was the future. Every job I have had a contract that told me how much I would be paid and when. (NB I am in the UK). No way would I take a job without reading the contract. Like everything else that is social - social networks are likely to be cyclical. Things that are fashionable will become unfashionable once everyone uses it and people will move onto the next cool environment. Rinse repeat every 5 years or so. If Google can time this right so that it becomes the next fashionable social network then it might well succeed. I rather like that idea - allowing different languages at the method level would be rather cool. I wouldn't describe nurses in the UK NHS as being underpaid either: http://www.nhscareers.nhs.uk/details/Default.aspx?Id=4 Anyone clever enough to be worth $200K a year in salary will also know that anyone paying £200K a year probably has some very particular expectations - i.e. they have a ROI in mind. People who are really good tend to have their own ideas of what platforms they want to work on and what kind of problems they find interesting. Anyone paying $200K a year probably doesn't expect to give much leeway. Note: I know people who get paid that much, I wouldn't want their jobs. I've been approached for positions paying roughly that amount and said "no" purely on the description of the working conditions. The process is based on making significant assumptions - mainly that the language in question has some kind of mapping to a known language. Note that this is pretty much how things like Linear B were deciphered so it is quite an achievement. Not really a "universal translator" as it presumably won't work with a language that has no shared structures with other languages. I would like to see a delay in the implementation of laws that are introduced in reaction to specific events (terrorism, dangerous dogs, Dunblane etc.). Rather than having a knee jerk reaction to create new laws to "do something" - the government should be able to propose new laws but these would sit in limbo for a reasonably long time period (say 2 years) and then have to be voted on again before they actually become law. If you think that is bad then have a read of: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Upshot-Knothole_Harry Not to mention some of the alarming Soviet tests, such as: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tsar_Bomba Give them time, I liked Labour in '97. Now I would happily see Blair shipped off to the ICC. Looks pretty nice. However, the "startup" license model at $9,500 a year really should give better support than "10 emails". Would be nice if this was offered as an online service - especially if the price point was a lot lower. I'm tempted to change our bug tracker to have a bug status of "it is too late it is too late we cannot be saved". Thomas Pynchon? Not being able to release fusion energy in a "controlled" fashion hasn't stopped it being a popular energy source for some applications. I'd add some crypto algorithms to that list: cryto hashing (as someone noted below, not every hash is a crypto hash), symmetric and asymmetric encryption, digital signing. Diffie-Hellman key exchange as well as it is so simple and so wonderfully counter-intuitive. How can an ugly building in Edinburgh cost £414 million? A combination of incompetence, greed and a general air of "it doesn't matter as it's only taxpayers money". Have a read of this: http://www.amazon.co.uk/Plundering-Public-Sector-David-Craig... My spouse used to work as a lawyer in the Civil Service - I was highly amused to discover that when she brought work home it was carefully tied up in yards of real red tape.