REI tents seem to be overpriced to me, and for backpacking seems pretty heavy for what you do get. It's basically over-engineered and charges boutique pricing. I don't have a particular suggestion for car camping at this point since I went hammock and never looked back. Backpacking though you have a *ton* of options for around REI's price point (it's no longer a minor brand name, you're paying for the REI label at this point). If you use hiking poles you might want to consider something that isn't stand-alone, like a lightheart gear tent, or one of the MRS line, or even a Big Agnus. You can get pretty lightweight if you shop around too. Jetboils are fine if you're wanting to boil water, fast, and don't mind the weight, and are willing to lose the speed and the efficiency if you're going to camp anywhere with anything more than a breeze. They aren't efficient in the wind. At all. And for me at least they'r damn heavy. The Titanium option wasn't bad, but I don't think they make that any more. For roughly the same price I can get an MSR micro rocket or gigapeak and something like an evernew Ti pot and save half a pound or more on my cook kit. I could also go with a caldera cone kit and an alcohol/spirit stove solution and go quiet and a little slower (about 7-10 minutes to boil water). If I upgraded to TI I'd be rocking less weight than the other two options. Plus, once you buy your stand alone pot, it can be moved between systems. The Jetboil is pretty much only usable by jetboil systems. You're locked in. Sleeping bags- Check out Enlightened Equipment. They actually sell closed footbox quilts. I really like them since they combine the lightness of a mummy bag and the comfort of... well... a blanket. They're also economical compared to the competition.
If you have a dehydrator you can make all kinds of meals. I dehydrate peas, pepper strips, green beans, then dehydrate some hummus, either store bought or home made. Dehydrate, run the hummus through the blender, rehydrate at camp. Very tasty snack for lunch.
I started with the Ukulele Boot Camp chord drills for C like... 2 weeks ago. Once I got most of those comfortable, especially as others have mentioned C, Am, F, and G/G7, you can start moving on to songs. I picked up Stand By Me because it's dirt simple, you can use it to practice different strum patterns and see how it changes the sound of the song, and it is a song we all know and probably like okay. It's also if memory serves like the 50's pop song progression of doom.
Making your own taco seasoning is dirt simple, and if you want to share with your dogs, you can omit the onion powder. Seasons roughly 1lb of meat * 1 tablespoon chili powder * 1/4 teaspoon garlic powder * 1/4 teaspoon onion powder * 1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes * 1/4 teaspoon dried oregano * 1/2 teaspoon paprika * 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cumin * 1 teaspoon sea salt * 1 teaspoon black pepper I use this without thickeners and just let reduce until it's fairly saucy. Works fine. I also tend to omit the red pepper flakes or at least reduce them if I am not in the mood for heat. If you want a thickener to make a more traditional taco seasoning sauce, you could probably throw some corn starch in or maybe some xantham gum (though not much, a little goes a long way and too much creates a slimy consistency). Adjust salt to taste, and consider cutting down the teaspoon of black pepper. It makes things pretty peppery.
Big fan of rum &amp; spiced cider on a cold night. Instant cider works but isn't great sadly unless someone knows a better brand than Alpine.
Egg crystals are better for this anyway. Weigh way less. Buy ovum egg crystals, dehydrate bell peppers, get some turkey sausage that's been cooked &amp; crumbled, dehydrate it, then rehydrate on the trail and make some killer burritos for a fraction of the weight. Dehydrate mushrooms too if you want, they dehydrate great. Onions are smelly to dehydrate and you can just get the freeze dried ones to get some mild oniony flavor going. Heck you could dry out diced tomatoes and rehydrate those if needed. For longer term tortilla storage packitgourmet used a vacuum packer to make smaller batches of tortillas packed for freshness: http://blog.packitgourmet.com/2009/10/life-of-tortilla.html
Not particularly worth it. I looked and they generally charge more than what you'd pay if you just bought the DLC off of Steam. My suggestion is to wait for a steam sale. They were offering 40% off most of the DLC over the Christmas holiday. Next sale is probably around Valentine's Day or possibly easter/spring break.
hikelospadres.com for a giant database on trails and campsites. Good News Everybody, they just lifted fire restrictions in the LP! You can have a camp fire again! Or an alcohol stove, or a biofuel stove!
How did I know that you had an EE? EE has a long lead time now but man... their quilts are awesome. Dollar value to performance is insane, weight is good, it's just a fantastic product from a fantastic company. If you toss or are a little bit round like I am, you can get a wider quilt. Helps out a lot. You won't rack up weight like I do since you basically say you are pretty petite in height.
Protip: Backbone trail is not a trail you can camp on. There are campsites around but logistically it's difficult.
I would imagine swimming would achieve this too. But that's a great idea about cycling. It also gets you into the swing of sustained lower intensity exertion for longer periods of time.
&gt;And by "all that extra shit" you help prove the fallacy of the ultralight mindset; saving weight for the sake of saving weight. Skurka dubs that mindset "stupid light"
I've seen people hammock out nice and snug in snow. I've hammocked in freezing sleet and been perfectly warm and more comfortable than I am on the ground. Maybe you were doing it wrong? I don't think hammocks are for everyone, hike your own hike, but the arrogance of your argument is offputting.
Happy Solong 6 owner here. It doesn't have a mesh interior, but it will give you like 6 inches of clearance on either end of you. It's a huge-ass solo tent for an ounce shy of 2 pounds.
Most of the Los Padres is open to you. There's a ton of options and while there's a little snow at the higher elevations you're probably fine.
Well first note that it is designed to use trekking poles. I can't remember if the site has stand alone poles, but those will obviously add to the weight. Setup- Stake the 4 corners out. The tent has a bathtub with carbon fiber stays in it which are awesome for keeping the bathtub floor a bathtub floor. The top corners loop over your stakes (this is a little trickier if you can't stake things down. You're going to need rocks or extra line or some creativity to do it. I talked to a woman who pitched the solong on AT camping platforms using cordage and rocks). Then you unzip the tent, and there's a little plastic/carbon fiber stay in there that's bent (I think it's rigid plastic) at just the right angle that velcros in. Take your hiking pole, stick the tip in the plastic tube, and shove the round handle down into the middle of the tent. Repeat on other side. I usually crawl in, hold it up, and pitch that way. Adjust height for tauntness. You're basically done at that point. The awning rolls up or pulls down and can be propped open with a stick. Dropping it into storm mode is basically as easy as Pulling the stick out and maybe having a stake or a rock or branch or something to tie down on. Pretty easy. It takes a little getting used to and you absolutely want to pitch it a few times in your back yard before getting out on the trail. Make sure you use a tyvek groundsheet (you can order one from the website if you don't want to dick with it) because the ground bathtub is silnylon and pretty thin. It's just safer to pitch on top of a groundsheet. In better weather you can roll back the awnings and get some real airflow through the tent, which is another reason I like it. I'm really happy with the tent. I haven't met anyone who didn't like the design.
I was going to suggest figuring out some way to donate directly to the MS group's charity directly or contact them and see if they can work with you to give you some legitimacy.
One problem with buying a freeze dryer is that it's like 2 grand, not including electricity costs.
https://paleomealstogo.com/ if you want straight up Mountain House style meals. Pretentiousness included at no extra cost.
I just use one of those 12oz mini coke bottles. I have FUEL written on it in sharpie on a loop of duct tape and I've colored the cap. Works fine. If I'm really paranoid I'll add like a drop of green food coloring to it.
Yeah. Or boxer/briefs. Or if you want to go hardcore, North Face better than naked running shorts. There's a varient called long haul or something like that which has boxer brief style liners. Those things are awesome. Expensive though. Easiest is to just go buy a pair of under armor boxerjox for like 20 bucks. Or ExOfficio give-n-go boxer briefs. The key here is that you want boxer-brief or compression shorts style grip.
&gt;hike at every spot along the way Taking the coast you're talking about... oh... 700 miles or so of coastline. Hiking "every spot along the way" would probably take 6 months or so. Actually longer considering that the Los Padres alone has like a thousand miles of trail. But do you want "coastal" as in "I can see the water from here?" or are you talking "accessible to someone driving down the 101"? Because there's a difference. Big Sur, Los Padres up above Santa Barbara, the stretch of ocean between Point Magu &amp; Malibu (along with all the santa monica mountain trails), and I'm sure there's stuff further south but I never go that far south. For the Santa Monica mountains, check out Sandstone Peak &amp; Inspiration Point loop. 7 miles or so with some cracking views.
I actually eat about 80% paleo for other dietary considerations. I have little against the actual diet.
The problem with biofuel stoves is that they aren't able to be used above alpine level and in areas with fire restrictions, which basically means large portions of California and other dry places for like 6 months a year. Not to mention screwing with building a fire when you're hungry and just want to eat and crash means a long runup and a long time to wait for the fire to go out. In areas where you have a limited water supply using a firebox like that also requires you to douse using water that could be used for drinking or eating. Or you could just blow fire safety rules out the window I guess. Also, you conveniently posted the XL version of that stove, which is absurdly expensive. The regular one that you'd use for backpacking runs 40 bucks.
Yeah if you're looking for the absolute lightest stove solution esbit might be worth looking into.
Other resources: http://www.amazon.com/John-Muir-Trail-Essential-Americas/dp/0899977367/ref=dp_ob_title_bk http://jmtbook.com/ Sorry for the commercial links. I'm not affiliated at all, I just ike the products.
Check out Darn Toughs. 20 bucks a pair but they have a lifetime warranty. I love them. Skip REI brand socks. The Achilles tendon area blows out on them far too quickly for what they charge. Smartwool and DeFeet are other popular socks. Smartwool smelled on my feet pretty quick and I found defeet way too slick in my shoe. I felt like I was gliding and developed blisters eventually.
For trekking poles, check out massdrop.com especially since you have some time. They frequently get poles 20-30% off due to group buys. I picked up some really nice carbon fiber poles for almost 50% off a while back.
I suggest a PS4 squirt leatherman. Pretty cheap, great pliers, pretty much most/all the tools you're going to need in a tiny 2oz package. Only down side is no locking blade, but you probably don't need one. God knows I never really have.
I was going to ask "What's your marathon times look like?"
If you haven't visited the trinity alps and the coastal redwoods north of Eureka... you're missing out. I've lived in California all my life, love the 395 drive, spent 30 years exploring the Sierras and Cascades. This past September I changed plans on a vacation and headed through the Trinity Alps then up the coast and was like "why didn't I come here to begin with?" My suggestion is to take the 395 north and camp up through Bishop and towards Reno, then veer off and hit Lassen/Burney Falls area (Damn Burney Falls is expensive though), cut through Shasta area, or rip through Redding if you're in a hurry, slow back down in the Trinity Alps, then meander up the coast. You can turn inland in a lot of different places if you want. If you need to see Crater Lake you can turn east near the state line or north of the state line.
I see you picked up the unofficial "Crabs Adjust Humility" expansion.
hikelospadres.com Actually I've seen google earth/google maps include trail information. Nothing I'd seriously want to rely on but it's a starting point. It is an *insane* amount of work to get a trail database going. The guy who did HLP is crazy in a good way. I have massive respect for him.
I would imagine that there are facilities in Yellowstone that have wifi that you could tap into. Other than that you're looking at satellite internet, and it is psychotically expensive. http://www.groundcontrol.com/IsatHub.htm There's a unit for 1400 dollars, then it's 200 bucks a month for 100 megs worth of data. Overages are 3.50 a megabyte. And that's for 350kbps. I don't think IridiumNext is up and running. That might offer slightly cheaper, slightly faster internet speeds if/when it gets up and running, but we're seriously talking about hundreds of dollars a month. Edit: 20 seconds of googling answered the question of infrastructure in Yellowstone: Yellowstone Cell Phone Reception Cell phone service is available in over 50 percent of the park. Coverage is currently provided by five low towers inside the park, servicing Old Faithful, Mammoth, Grant Village, Canyon, and Tower-Roosevelt, as well as along the road corridor between Mammoth and Gardiner, Montana. You may also get cell phone reception near the North Entrance (Gardiner), the West Entrance (West Yellowstone) and the South Entrance from cell phone towers outside the park. The recent renovation of the Lake Hotel in 2014 added cell phone coverage, hard-wired internet in hotel rooms, and a business center with internet-enabled computers for visitor usage. The cell phone coverage was also increased in the Fishing Bridge area of Yellowstone Lake. Verizon has the strongest signal. AT&amp;T and Union Wireless also have coverage. CellularMaps.com provides a cell phone coverage map, updated in October 2014. Cell Phone Driving Tours Most phone apps that provide narrated tours use your phone’s GPS, not your data plan or WiFi. Such apps should work in most areas of the park. WiFi in Yellowstone Currently, there is no free wireless internet within Yellowstone National Park. At the Mammoth Dining Lounge, the Lake Hotel, and in the rooms at Grant Village, WiFi is available for purchase. Yellowstone Communications Plan In 2009, Yellowstone completed a plan for wireless communications in the park. The plan dictates that cell phone and wifi will only be allowed for visitor safety and to enhance park operations. It restricts towers, antennas, and wireless services to a few limited locations in the park, in order to protect park resources and limit the impact on park visitors.
SEKI had it in a few places and while a little slow it wasn't too bad. But you had to drive either to Road's Inn or that Wuksachi lodge.
Yeah way too general of a survey. Even if people filled it out, would you actually get useful information out of it? Useful enough to develop a product for marketing? (I assume that's what this is)
Between my watch barometer and the ability for the Delorme Inreach to request 3 day weather predictions, I'm not too worried about reading the weather.
Generally speaking spoiler threads get tagged with spoilers.
Considering that as far as the world knows, Rand is dead by the end of the series, I doubt that anything attributed to the Dragon Reborn would hint at what he does afterwards. Because as far as the world is concerned, there was no afterwards. Plus, Rand was never particularly poetic. He could play the flute, juggle, tumble a little (and the last two were more Mat's forte). So even the idea that he composed a poem and attributed it to his former, dead persona... Just doesn't seem right. If anyone wrote it, it was Thom. And even then the vernacular sounds more like something an Aiel would say.
Mine takes about 30 seconds to connect. I use android and there's a significant delay. One of these days I'll try patching it into the USB port and seeing if that speeds it up.
If you have a dehydrator this is a tasty red lentil curry recipe that I see no reason why you couldn't dehydrate it: http://allrecipes.com/recipe/16641/red-lentil-curry/ Make it, spread it thin on fruit rollup trays, dehydrate and break up into bark chips. On the trail make some rice and rehydrate the lentil curry and you're good to go. I love mashed chickpea salad. It's basically chunky hummus. You could probably cold-hydrate chickpeas, scallions, carrots, celery, etc... and then recosntitute everything. http://www.simple-veganista.com/2012/10/chickpea-salad.html I'm thinking with some forethought a lot of Indian food could be integrated into a backpacking meal.
There is a level of diminishing returns however. Strategically, you can spend top dollar and get fantastic performing gear. You can also spend top dollar on something and get only marginally better performance than something half as expensive again. Telling someone they need to buy a 1000 dollar sleeping bag to get started is going to scare most people away. At the end of the day, hike your own hike. I mean hell people spend 2000 dollars on stereo speaker cables. My problem is that people toss around suggestions for 500 dollar jackets and other extremely pricey items and never actually justify *why* dropping that kind of coin is preferable to a 100 dollar equivalent. It's actually gotten really bad on gear reviews. I've seen a multitude of reviews on some gear sites that literally are cut &amp; pastes from the sales literature. To the point that the "author" doesn't even pull out the mentions of the company speaking about itself. When I'm reading an article and the author says "We've taken great pains to ensure that this sleeping bag is the best we've ever made" and it's not a quote, it pisses me off. If I didn't exercise my own skepticism and hunt down *real* reviews, I could easily see dropping 10k on equipment when in reality 1-2k is far more reasonable. Also... &gt;if I want to spend $2000 on what becomes my home for days or weeks at a time For a serious backpacker 2k is not like super exotic. Most AT &amp; PCT hikers drop 1200-1400 on gear if memory serves for the through-hike. I probably have 1400 in gear if I added it all up.
“The reason that the rich were so rich, Vimes reasoned, was because they managed to spend less money. Take boots, for example. He earned thirty-eight dollars a month plus allowances. A really good pair of leather boots cost fifty dollars. But an affordable pair of boots, which were sort of OK for a season or two and then leaked like hell when the cardboard gave out, cost about ten dollars. Those were the kind of boots Vimes always bought, and wore until the soles were so thin that he could tell where he was in Ankh-Morpork on a foggy night by the feel of the cobbles. But the thing was that good boots lasted for years and years. A man who could afford fifty dollars had a pair of boots that'd still be keeping his feet dry in ten years' time, while the poor man who could only afford cheap boots would have spent a hundred dollars on boots in the same time and would still have wet feet. This was the Captain Samuel Vimes 'Boots' theory of socioeconomic unfairness.” ― Terry Pratchett, Men at Arms
That's a possibility. If it happened we didn't see it happen and it was one of those moments where TDR was being crazy sauce and someone wrote it down.
I didn't sign a form. There's a lot of warning that chains are an issue. But there are alternatives. Autosocks I think should work. But you have to have some kind of chains *in* the car, even if you have snow tires on.
Or you know part of the portal's weave is to harden air just enough to keep it from rushing through. Or the portal has an air-based ward on it that permits everything *but* air through it?
It depends. It'll say in the owner's manual if you're going to use chains which set of wheels is most important. For example, my CVT '16 says: Make certain that any traction device you use is an SAE class S device, and use it on the front wheels only.
In all likelihood the authors just didn't think of it. But when we're talking about a world where you can magically rub someone out of existence in the past to undo things they do up to the present, I really think air pressure differential is not some insurmountable problem that couldn't be overcome.
Are you using stock tires? If not, they may be sized differently and can result in speedometer inaccuracies, which I imagine would also throw off gas mileage.
Adventures in Stoving has you covered fam https://adventuresinstoving.blogspot.com/2014/12/fuel-efficiency-jetboils-vs-regular.html
It was nice. I live 90 minutes away so I go on weekends usually for the day. I usually make a beeline to the highlands but this time I stayed mostly in the foothills. It's pretty in the snow though. Most of the campgrounds and picnic areas in the higher elevations are closed for the season but it's really pretty. Next time we get some fresh snow in I'll go snowshoeing. That being said, I went this past Monday, and on my way out, at 1pm, there was about a 45 minute line to get *into* the park, and then another 30 minute drive to the snow play areas. Very crowded in the higher elevations. It was empty in the lower elevations. I interrupted a pack of deer in a closed off campground and they gave me the stink eye for intruding on them. That was about as social as the day got.
Well there goes that idea. Worth asking about though.
If memory serves like 15 years ago the MPG sticker only had a vague relation to reality and it took a federal law to overhaul the testing to make it more similar to real world conditions. My first car's window sticker said it got 10mpg more than it actually got.
The only places on highways that I've seen chain checks are the Grapevine, which is the I-5 just north of Los Angeles, and mostly that's because of the steep grade and the sudden snow storms, and the 80 heading east out of Sacramento into Tahoe. The 80 makes sense. You go by Donner Pass which has a little bit of a history of crappy winters. I was entering a national park however, and you have to stop and pay or show your pass anyway. So they do the chain warning then. And bear warning in the spring, and fire warning pretty much throughout fire season, etc...
That depends entirely on the gear that she will be borrowing. Edit: What's the weather going to be like when you're going? Are you sharing a tent? Is your cooking system capable of cooking for 2? There's WAY too many variables here.
March? Anything in the high sierra is probably going to have snow. We're actually having a semi-normal year for snowpack and traditionally the road to Kings Canyon for example opens in April. If you're willing to do an aprox. 8 hour drive, check out the coastal redwoods north of Eureka. They're spectacular and close enough to the ocean (basically on it) that they don't snow out. Also check out on the way up the Avenue of the Giants. Really lovely scenic byway just parallel to the 101.
&gt; Rand also has a wound from the fight in the Great hunt and the marks on his hands. You mean like getting your side pierced with a spear and your hands wounded to boot? If only we had a savior figure from our past who suffered similar wounds that we could draw parallels to...
&gt;Eye of the World. Rand fights Ba'alzamon. Ba'alzamon gets stabbed, seemingly dies. yet doesn't. returns unharmed for the next book Didn't he have his cord severed? I think that's the only thing that Rand does to him. That happens in something called a dreamshard supposedly that is halfway to Tel'aran'rhiod, and as we've seen in TAR, while you can die in the dream world, injuries you sustain in TAR if you make it back have smaller real world scars. So it's possible that something similar in the Dreamshard occurs. Also, I can say that the first two fights seemed to be spiritual rather than physical. EotW seems to almost certainly take place in a metaphysical confrontation. It's arguable that during the Great Hunt climax the fight happened in a spiritual/supernatural format since everyone saw it occur up in the clouds above the battlefield. I think getting stabbed physically does the trick. Besides... [Metaphysics from A Crown of Swords](/s "The Dark One catches you at the moment of death if you're sworn to him and he favors you. You're reborn into a body if your body is killed. Who is to say that Rand *didn't* kill Ba'alzamon in those first two fights and that the DO took Ba'alzamon and stuffed him back into his body? It's not like his physical body was destroyed")
Oh god Cadsuane. Also on re-read Nynaeve is a lot more sympathetic than on my first readthrough. I see her now as a woman, probably about what, 20, 22 (Just a few years older than all the other Two Rivers people) and basically was for *years* already the matriarch of her town. There's passages where the Two Rivers characters remember being very small and having Nynaeve care for them like a mother. And when you think about it, she was like what, a young teenager when that was going down? I think at this point she's had a combination of having to take care of everyone since basically forever and being a very young person in a position where you have to appear to know what the hell your doing, and she doesn't. The temper and the obnoxiousness is a distraction to cover up the fact she is basically just making things up as she goes along. Well, that and she needs to be angry to channel at this point.
If memory serves the path is an old 4x road that got blocked off a few decades ago. It's pretty easy to follow. Water right now and water in Feb are two *entirely* different creatures. the area is getting rained on pretty good so I'm sure the water and the streams are flowing. If it stopped raining now it'd be moderately dry by the time you went but signs seem to point to a relatively wet winter. Water sources should be fine in Feb. hikelospadres.com is good for monitoring trail reports of water in the area.
&gt; That said, if you car camp at either Sentinel or Cedar Grove on the valley floor there will be great day hiking out of Road's End trail head with very comfortable accommodations for the lady (including showers). That's assuming the 180 will open up by April. If memory serves it opens late April into May. If the 180 is closed pretty much anything past Hume Lake is off limits.
Where the heck did I get April from? Apologies.
Welcome to the 74th annual Sniffing competition. Where only the best sniffers will get a chance to square off with women who fold their arms beneath their breasts.
3.9 seems high. I bought my 16 crosstrek on 1.9% APR on 2k down payment/trade in total at the end of November in Southern California. The only thing that was considered was my credit score and the cutoff was 706 I think for that tier of interest. If you have a credit score of 800 you shouldn't be paying 4-5% interest. Then again I walked in with half a dozen loans pre-approved and told them "if you beat this I'll finance with you". They beat it all right.
I also applied with my bank, my credit card, a credit union, and I can't remember who else and got pre-approved and got interest rates locked in. You can do all of that online and take in certificates or pre approval codes so you can use whichever one you want. If memory serves all hard credit inquiries within like 2-4 weeks qualify as only 1 credit inquiry on your credit report so it doesn't hurt to get options. You might want to verify that though first.
&gt; However, Rand clearly believes that the taint gave him the memories (see AMOL). He believes it but it probably isn't true. Mat had memories of Manetheren and battles before he levels up, and even Nynaeve basically channels balefire without being taught it in TDR. There's a lot of instances of past lives and ancient knowledge coming back that have nothing to do with male channeling.
If you're looking for something to keep for the rare instance you need chains, look up autosocks. They're about as low clearance as they can get. I have a set of super z low profile cables that supposedly work and the only situation where I might need to drive with them I'll be doing 15-20 anyway. Haven't needed them yet though.
Bene Gesserit
In The Dragon Reborn he rolls basically 5 or 6 sixes in dice like ten times in a row. One toss is like 1 in 7500, ten times in a row is something insane like 1 in 4.9e46 chances
Yup. So you'd get like... the 2nd best result in the game but not the best result. So it's not as obvious that you're cheating. Great scene. Then the crazy sauce that came after it during the tussle. Good times. (I hope I kept that spoiler free enough)
&gt; I guess because she doesn't blindly agree with whatever Rand says or whatever A lot of the time she doesn't even entertain the notion that he might know what he's talking about, and she persists in that conviction way longer than she has any right to. I don't totally blame her for that point of view. I blame the Aes Sedai for a lot of it.
I skipped it. Read the first 100 pages back in the day and quit. When Knife of Dreams came out I dug up a synopsis of CoT, read it, then skipped straight to KoD and didn't feel like I missed much.
Agreed. They'd need to truncate several plotlines, specifically Perrin's going after Faile which literally has a footprint in like 3 books and is the majority of CoT it felt like and *still* doesn't get resolved. The problem is that by CoT there had too many subplots and point of view characters. I think RJ realized this and it's why he's so swift in the next book. He needed to end/consolidate like a dozen subplots down into maybe two or three. Otherwise it would have taken six books to hit A Memory of Light.
So the LPNF and all the wilderness to the north isn't real? Gotcha.
By that measure nothing "genuine" exists at this point and the discussion is a null issue in bad faith.
Depends on the backpacking they're doing. If you're hiking the AT then possibly a knife is overkill. I carry a leatherman Squirt PS4. Not 5 dollars, but less than 30, great pliars, scissors, other tools that are nice to have in addition to a good blade. Weighs a little more than the venerable classic swiss army knife but more useful IMHO. Carrying just a single edge razor blade strikes me as Stupid Light.
All that aside... I'd suggest if you're not being a gram weenie and looking for a decent knife, the morakniv can be had on amazon for about 10 bucks, and punches way above it's cost in blade quality. It's not a full on survival knife, but I own 2-3 of them and keep them around as excellent utility knives, including one in my camping box. It's not an EDC knife but if you want a knife with a decent handle on it and some good high carbon steel look at morakniv.
If you have issues going alone, and that's totally understandable, look at meetup.com for hiking/backpacking groups and look into joining one. That's what I've had to do.
Skurka in general is an awesome resource.
I was in Calaveras back at the end of September and the tree was very sick. Only one branch was alive still really. I honestly was figuring only a few years of life left in it.
The Mother of the Forest tree a few hundred yards away from this tree had it's bark stripped to send back east as an exhibit. It's still standing, dead, hollowed out from fire.
So basically Westeros is the continent across the Ayrith Ocean? Probably not. There's a lot of native Seanchan beasties on that continent that are not in ASoIaF.
&gt;What would happen if you balefire yourself? This is a good point to bring up Robert Jordan's answer. QUESTION If I were to open a gateway in front of me that opened behind me, and I balefired myself, what would happen? ROBERT JORDAN Young lady, you are entirely too obsessed and have far too much time. You need to get some sort of life. I suggest you go have an intense love affair. Doesn't matter with who, be it man, woman, or German Shepherd.
&gt; Another paradox is what happens when you balefire balefire. This happens though right? It's part of why Moridin thinks he's connected to Rand.
While the Tuatha'an look for the song, I actually question if they *want* to find it deep down. Part of the Way of the Leaf is a complete and total shirking of responsibility, for themselves, for others, for everyone. They couch it in peacefulness and sure that's part of it but even when it doesn't involve violence they seem to shy away from taking an active part in the world. If they found the Song, they'd have to be very, very involved in the world. And I don't think they want that.
Considering that the exact same trap is set for... I think it was Perrin, I think that it's not unreasonable to think that they were darkfriends. That being said, Rand does just stone cold kill them all based on a bad feeling. Turns out that bad feeling was right that time but still..
&gt; This is the first book where we step outside Rand's head for most of the book, that's a good discussion point. Agreed. The POV shift is pretty significant and probably pretty important to be able to carry the rest of the series. Rand is the protagonist, but he isn't enough to carry the full story. Plus, it's necessary to start pushing him away from the readers, so they look *at* him and not necessarily *through* him.
If it's full price I believe so yes.
Additional comment on point 2. This is the first time that we see that prophecy is really funky in RandLand. It gets fulfilled, but *how* it gets fulfilled is not always immediately obvious. It sets up a lot of the rest of the series in just how prophecy is going to shape the story.
But the gate doesn't *totally* snap shut until the doorway was destroyed. It's like... in sleep mode.
I don't know from the website if that includes android auto. It looks like it *runs* android and is basically a tablet.
It's not the best without context but... "It's just a weave" probably is my favorite line.
Interesting link. If there is a connection, you could spin it that the Dragon is so destructive and comes about during such destructive times that he is viewed as basically as evil as the Dark One as time goes on and history turns to myth and starts getting muddied on it's way to Legend. The beginning of the series supports this. Isn't there even a part where Thom muses on being the hero of Tarmon Gai'don to some far flung future storyteller?
&gt; i am also on my first read through and i am just in the beginning of CoS (200 pages or so in) and I find the same. Women (Aes sedai mostly but also faile, bashere's wife, maidens of the spear etc) are so very controlling and nothing any man ever does is right and men are generally stupid and selfish according to women. While men just don't even understand how women can be of the same planet or how any of them can be trusted or understood. It's been pointed out that gender roles in RandLand have generally been swapped for 3000 years because powerful, channeling men go batshit and have to be put down. So all the super powerful channelers are women, and women are the only people who can be trusted to retain the mantle of power. Over thousands of years of civilization where these gender roles get swapped from our world (and thrown out of balance from the Age of Legends which seemed to be pretty big on the need for men and women to balance each other out) and then entrenched, you see women get to and assume arrogant positions of power. Sort of like our world, but with women instead of men. There are matriarchal power structures *everywhere* in RandLand. I mean when you sit back and think of it, the supergirls run all over the place getting in over their head having the kind of hijinks that you expected of Rand &amp; Mat in the first book.
&gt; One of the biggest flaws of the series is that the White Tower is allowed to limp along with all of its problems That we see. I can't really comment without spoiling further adventures, so I elaborate. But I don't know if I agree totally with that.
Oh man one of the best parts of the series is ahead of you now.
Dude spoilers the OP hasn't gotten that far yet. And also part of it is that to a certain extend Egwene really, REALLY wants to be Aes Sedai and all that culturally entails. I think she likes that aura of aloof superiority that gets projected.
Remember that when the series came out it was 2+ years between books frequently. In a time before the internet was as robust and reading synopsis up to that point wasn't an option. It's also a series that has arguably like a hundred A list &amp; B list characters in it. Wait a few months between books and all that repetition would help. They weren't written with binge reading in mind.
As for complaining about the LOTR vibe, that's a bit of a EotW-ism. The Great Hunt shifts tone pretty significantly, The Dragon Reborn moreso, and from there WoT has it's own voice for the rest of the series. All of the characters are going to grow and develop, some in completely unexpected ways. Everyone you like will reach a growth point that feels totally satisfying, and some of your "meh" characters may end up surprising you. Welcome to the Wheel. I'm glad you're enjoying it! I envy people going through it for the first time. I read Eye of the World in about a week, got hooked, and then read books 2-7 in about a week's time. Fastest I've ever binged on books in my life. I think I only slept 2-3 hours each night while I read through all those books. It was intense and insane and wonderful.
EotW is tonally and structurally different. There's going to be a few continuity hitches, nothing major, as you progress compared to EotW. Think of it like a really good series. The pilot and first couple episodes are feeling out where they need to be as a show and a story and the tone will vary and the story structure will shuffle around a little looking for the sweet spot. EotW is the pilot, TGH is the first few episodes (although really the changes feel like they were mostly settled on in TGH and just get polished moving foward), and by TDR you've hit the sweet spot and just go. Edit: Seriously downvoted? Would the downvoter care to explain why?
Sorry if I came off upset I just pointed that out because the OP said later in the thread Mat went through the arch and got his spear and that was as far as the story had gone. Trying to save as much fun for the OP :)
Why did this get downvoted?
SpaceX just launched their comeback mission by deploying new Iridium satellites the other day. I think it's Iridium's plan to offer up to 1 mbit/second transfer speeds eventually on their satellite network. Currently it's aprox. 1kb/sec Probably something like a Garmin InReach would have sufficed with text messaging and would have been cheaper. But Iridium is a decent satellite network. I think it might be one of the few if the only game in town.
To follow up on this. SpaceX just a few days ago launched their comeback mission with Iridium satellites. So that upgrade is underway. I believe that the system will be backwards compatible. Otherwise I think Delorme/Garmin wouldn't be pushing new models of their iridium devices right now.
The big payoff with Delorme/Garmin is that you receive confirmation that your message was sent. SPOT uses a best-guess to tell you if it sent or not because it's a 1-way system.
Most backcountry in California does not have reliable cell service. Sure at a pass you can possibly pick up a couple bars but if you break your leg and need to call for help are you really in any condition to summit a pass?
No clue. I just saw where the OP was on the Mat storyline in a post.
My first uke was a Cordoba concert. It's a nice playing laminate that punches above it's price point and is aprox. 100 dollars if memory serves. I play it just as often as my more expensive ukes.
Ungh. Cadsuane. Basically Cadsuane is a high level Aes Sedai who took "abrasive personality" as her non-weapon proficiency every level that it came up. And she's old school enough that I used AD&amp;D terminology to emphasize that. I cribbed this from the "accelerated ending" fanfic that is floated around *Rand HITS Cadsuane on her HEAD, has her TIED UP and placed in a CATAPULT.* *Cadsuane is COLDY DIGNIFIED.* *"If you are going to act like a petulant child, you can expect that..."* *Rand PULLS the LEVER. Cadsuane is FLUNG a great DISTANCE and is NOT HEARD FROM AGAIN.*
Almost everyone reacts this way.
Yeah RAFO is probably your best bet. As for rules... You'll start learning the magic system more. Especially starting around The Dragon Reborn you get the rules of the magic system more and more.
In Randland? Probably Foretelling. Because it almost was certainly someone with the Foretelling talent who gave the Dragon Prophecies. Also, according to New Spring, I can't remember her name, but the Keeper of the Chronicles foretells Rand's birth and really kickstarts everything the Aes Sedai do for the next 20+ years.
Another link to it. http://web.mit.edu/foley/Public/wot.ending
&gt; But she started to lose me when she was captive in the Tower. No one is captive and beaten multiple times a day for weeks and weeks and just shrugs it off. Contrast that to the beginning of the series post-Seanchan. Even the idea of being restrained in a room like triggers PTSD in her and she goes off. I agree that it gets a little over the top but I understand it's supposed to show that she has grown and is playing the long game while nobody else around her really is.
Totally agree there.
Apparently the Green Ajah got the Battle Ajah monicker during the trolloc wars, which was like what, 100 years before EOTW? I suspect that the White Tower's degredation is a relatively recent thing. It doesn't muck with politics nearly as much as their reputation would suggest, they don't do the stuff their Ajahs are supposed to do. I think it's a relatively recent development. It might even be instigated by the Shadow and the Black Ajah. Look at the inept ajahs who don't fulfill their basic concepts: Blues seem to not particularly do anything aside from Moiraine, Greens don't do much, Yellows don't run hospitals, Browns don't run schools. The Whites are... like... bookkeepers or something I don't know what their purpose is. Sure they dig logic but like... how does *that* apply to the One Power? The Greys? They're the 3rd largest Ajah apparently and do dick-all. The Ajahs that kind of have it together still seem to be the ones that are least likely to interfere with the shadow's business.
What war happened 100 years prior to the books? I can't remember then.
The Manetheren story by Moiraine in EotW might not be a bad one.
It is literally the beginning of the book. Moiraine is telling the story of Manetheren to the Emon's Fielders. Good story.
I bought that game retail when it came out. If I ever hear about only being able to channel a trickle again I'm going to pull my braid. The gameplay itself wasn't bad though. It kind of felt obvious though that the game devs read WoT but weren't like crazy into it.
When I read it I pronounced it in my head as "fail-ee", which rhymes with wheelie. Fah-eel sounds better, but Fail-ee just seemed to fit better.
Very much agreed with this. There's a few problems I see about TBT at this point. One, it's written itself into a corner with the season finale. It's actually at a decent stopping point, albeit a downer "bad guys win" stopping point. Where to go from here is kind of questionable. Two, TBT has boiled down basically to Strand's life and 2-3 of the Black Tapes stories. They're all linked, but instead of "resolving" each black tape and taking a clue from it and building towards this grander conspiracy, they're just mining the original story threads, and the whole of the show is weaker for it. That's just IMHO at least.
&gt; My argument is basically going to be that Strand’s reward offer is not fair, will always benefit Strand, and can never benefit the person who submits evidence. As far as we know the parameters of the reward require someone to provide Dr. Strand with evidence of something paranormal, and he will reward a sum of money in return for this evidence. I'm assuming he's using James Randi's million dollar reward as a template, since that's clearly who Strand is inspired by. Randi has specific conditions that will provide the million. Specifically, you get together with his team and devise a scientifically acceptable double-blind test. If you pass it repeatedly or at least in a statistically significant way, you win the cash. Randi gets involved with other skepticism as well but to my knowledge a lot of it isn't even considered for the cash prize. It's all a null point considering Strand's cash flows but when he set up the million I would imagine that there are very specific circumstances that need to be filled for the million to be paid out. We just never hear them. Which is unfortunate.
Permathrin treated clothing (either professionally or get a bottle of it from Sawyer and treat your clothes, just keep the stuff away from cats until it dries), Deet/picaridin bug juice, and maybe a bug net over a hat.
It's an IR sensor that dings when a heat signature rolls by and like... 2 other things. It claims it'll use SMS and email alerts, but if there's no cell signal I have no goddamn idea how that's supposed to work. Their app according to the website is actually an app called "Cayenne" which is actually a prototyper app for arduino. So basically they stuck some off-the-shelf arduino shields onto a board, linked it up with an app that is not their own (but presumably will put a wrapper over it), put it in an owl container, and are asking for money for it. I would stay away from this.
Totally not dangerous at all. Just google Chris McCandless for his adventure story! (Note, there is sarcasm in this post)
If you get there early and nobody is camping in that spot, set up. Otherwise... my experience has always been your site will have a little reservation tag on it. You may have to check in wherever to get the official okay and register your car. Otherwise, for first come first serve, you pull your car in, grab an envelope from the front of the campsite, fill in the information (dates staying, car license plate, etc...) stuff it with cash, stick it in the lock box, and clip your tag from the envelope to your camp site. After that... it's yours. Leave, stay, drive off into the sunset. You don't have to stay there. Reservations work the same way. Once you pay for the site it's yours until the time you paid for is up. You don't have to squat on it. They mark that it's taken and that's that. I'd not leave valuables in the campsite if you leave. Food storage if there's bears will be necessary. But usually I just make camp and then take off if I am bored. Leave your campsite clean and tidy and assume that someone *could* go through your stuff. There are stories of people getting stuff stolen out of tents, but that has never happened to me or anyone I know. Generally people are pretty respectful, but don't leave anything you wouldn't want to get pinched. If you leave a camp site that looks like a bomb exploded, you'll probably get fined by the rangers and they will make you clean up.
Try the pizzas in a small dutch oven one at a time. That should work better. You can put coals on top of the dutch oven to bake it from all directions.
Stirfry in a wok in the fire pit. Make a nice hot coal bed, set your carbon steel wok directly in the coals, and start cooking. That's what they were designed for originally. I'm partial to any kind of sausage or brat in a roll with carmalized onions. If it's cool/cold weather I'll cook up a vat of chili in advance and do frito pies or chili dogs. Breakfasts are usuallly egg scrambles with sausage crumbles and veggies and coffee strong enough to let a spoon stand up in it. Red beans &amp; rice with andouille sausage is an old standby for me too. One pot meal, tasty, filling.
Me neither. I take my shoes off before getting into the tent and clear the ground of rocks and sticks/twigs. Never is a problem. Today's car tents have basically tarps for bottoms anyway. Now for my 400 dollar backpacking tent that weighs 18 ounces? Yeah. I have a tyvek groundsheet to go underneath it. The walls and the floor are basically the same lightweight material.
All season? Like... dead of winter sub-zero 3 feet of snow all season? Because no. I would not take this tent into winter conditions. And I wouldn't bring a winter tent backpacking in the summer. Or do you really mean 3 season?
&gt; Basically CAMP/y get signal from satellite from anywhere and then work as a point access to give you local wifi to pair you cellphone and CAMP/y. This gives the impression that you're using satellite internet/satellite voice service. Unless the market has changed without my noticing that usually costs quite a bit of money, both for the modem/radio and for the data transfer costs. Which you completely don't mention. So either you've completely revolutionized satellite data delivery or you're being *extremely* vague. I am guessing when you refer to "getting a signal from satellite" you're referring to GPS/GLONASS. Which doesn't particularly link into the microcell wifi that you're setting up. If you are using satellite data/voice, it'd be useful to mention what network you're using: iridium, globalstar, etc... I do this stuff for a living so you'll forgive me if I'm a skeptic.
Alaska is the biggest state in the country and I would imagine that the entire gambit of car camping to vast tracts of complete and utter wilderness can be found in it's boarders. Asking "is it safe lol" to go camping there is like saying "I have 3 days in California where can I go camping". It's almost a non-starter of a question because you have to specify more information because the state is simply too large for simple answers. It wasn't a serious question. I didn't give it a serious answer.
I don't know how well that'll hold up to serious rain. If you pull the trigger on something like that, I agree get a tarp to cover it in serious rain. I personally am not a big fan of cabin tents. They take forever to take down and pack into their bag due to the acres of fabric. Depending on *why* you want more room a good popup shade with bug nets and maybe even one of the versions with a hardshell addon might serve just as well and be easier to pack and store.
Are you looking at budget level? I always hear good things about the REI half and quarter domes, but they're going to run 3-400 dollars. I went a different route for my backpacking sleep system so I don't have a lot of first hand experience.
Not to mention all the other byproducts of regular combustion.
Not really. As I said they aren't the kind of tent I go for so I don't have any practical experience. At this point, I have a cheap ass instant-up tent for car camping with new people, I have 2 very small single wall backpacking tents that are sub-2 pounds, and I have my warbonnet hammock that I use 90% of the time when there's trees for it.
Yeah Keens almost have clown shoe toe boxes. They're great if you need the space.
And to think I was bitching about NFS campgrounds costing 25 a night...
This is the exact reason why REI stopped offering their kickass warranty guarantee.
Go to /r/Fresno or /r/Visalia and see if you can hire someone to drive you up. I'd offer... oh probably 30-50 bucks as an opener. If I lived in Visalia I'd consider doing it for that range, but I live in Fresno and probably would want closer to 75 for the drop off.
Check out Backpackingchef.com and get the book. Really a great recipe book, as well as how to dehydrate staples for various meals and how to meal plan if you're dehydrating. The bark recipes are worth it alone. It made me experiment by taking homemade chili colorado sauce and dehydrating it down to leather/bark. I have the equivalent of a gallon of the stuff in a sandwich baggy in the freezer. Pull out a few sheets and toss into boiling water and you have instant chili colorado sauce. Great for shredded, dehydrated pork. If you want the chili colorado recipe I use http://www.bonappetit.com/recipes/article/groat-ricks-chili-colorado
&gt; versus thinking they could destroy you at any moment with a flick of their wrist. Except that's exactly what most people think the Aes Sedai are capable of doing. Part of that is the Black Ajah but really it's a misconception the White Tower cultivates as an expedient tactic but a terrible strategy.
Judging by the characters in the novel, because if you don't do what they want you to do they tie you up in flows of air, gag you, and switch you/torture you until you see the error of your ways. The Aes Sedai don't see that as using the one power as a weapon, but I think most of the rest of the world would.
&gt; 2) The effects of the dagger/Mordeth from Shadar Logoth. My headcanon is that the Manetheren blood bubbles up memories but they don't start becoming stronger until Mat's own memories get wiped out due to the healing from the dagger. With that blank slate as it were, foggy/dim memories come up unchallenged. His encounter at Rhuidean basically just rips the canvas away and lets the memories bubble up directly.
Both Narrators are really good. However, the guy also narrates the book Desert Solitude. So after listening to a bajillion hours of Wheel of Time, I went and listened to Desert Solitude, and had the mental image of Lan living in a trailer around Arches National Monument in the 60's. Which... isn't a bad thing. The mood of the book and Lan's personality just seem to go together.
I'm only aware of a couple places where there are grizzlies. They can be cantankerous. Brown bears? Clean up your camp site, stow food safely, avoid bringing anything scented into your tent (down to lip balm or sunscreen or toothpaste), carry a whistle with you. Bear spray works too but whistles work pretty well. Don't come between mamma bear and her cubs. That's a bad idea.
&gt; Especially how to positively identify a brown bear versus a black bear because what to do in an encounter depends on what kind of bear it is. Brown bears and black bears are the same species. I think you mean black bears and grizzlies?
Most of the high country is still snowbound. Though with the 110 degree temperatures in the central valley it's hitting 100 in places like Yosemite. The runoff canals are all full. Bad time generally. Sierra high country is all snowed in still and it's going to be around 105 in the central valley. The coastal ranges will be dry and around 90 or so I think.
If you don't feel like using their service, you can use WX2InReach, a free service someone set up years ago that does the same thing. Assign the request to one of your 3 quick messages and you only pay for the reply. http://wx2inreach.weebly.com/ That being said, I think the Delorme forecast and the Wx2InReach are the same price: one text message.
I'm surprised honestly there isn't like... a dye capsule or something in there that if the tubes ever rupture you'd start getting bright green water or something and you know not to drink it.
Most Yosemite backcountry permits are going to be hard to come by on this short of a notice, although I noticed some of the smaller Sequoia/Kings Canyon trails still had available trailheads in August. Probably by August most of the snow will have melted. It's receding pretty fast even though it's still significant in the high country.
It'd be interesting to have mutation seeds you could slot into the infinite forest. Sort of like how The Division does it, only you could go wacky. Pre-nerf Prometheus Lens wacky. A mutation that only allows for grenades and offers zero ammunition, so once you use your ammo up that's it. Mirror Mirror mutation where all your opponents are guardians. How about a mutation where only one person at random gets to pop a super, and then it moves on to another member of the fireteam?
&gt; Snow is anyone's guess at this point. I'm at the point where I'm saying it's going to be a light to very light snowfall year. We've barely gotten any this year. I mean, it's January and here's the Yosemite high country webcam: https://pixelcaster.com/yosemite/webcams/sentinel.jpg?2018041347 Just a dusting at the high levels. We're on track to have the driest winter in California recorded history. I'd say aim for earlier rather than later. Water is going to dry up fast. There's some better snowpack up around Shasta and up into Oregon/Washington, but by the time you get there it won't matter.
&gt; Jet boil is the fastest and most efficient, but it's a bit heavier. Right round 6-8 ounces heavier TBH. Jetboil is fairly heavy and the PCT equipment breakdowns I've seen nobody really uses it. &gt;The lightest stove would be an alcohol stove, but those are technically outlawed I believe in California and you're risking a fine, and you really can can start a forest fire if you don't know what you're doing. California issues fire restrictions depending on how dry the environment is and it can change with relatively little warning. It's also issued ranger district by ranger district. Generally speaking alcohol stoves are great for the spring and winter (winter is hiking weather in so cal) and anywhere from May through August you can expect them to be restricted. Deep summer they're almost always restricted. Unless you're in a stage 4 fire restriction, you generally can get away with anything that has an on/off valve to it. You can talk to rangers to get fire alerts, check in towns, ect... At stage 4 restrictions you're basically cold camping anyway, as nothing is allowed, including camp fires or smoking. I'd go look up the blog adventures in stoving from /u/hikin_jim and look into considerations for alcohol stoves. They aren't necessarily the best solution. Right now I'm partial to my Soto Amicus with the Prima Eta Express pot (It's a nice little 1 liter pot with a heat exchanger that works with all standard canister stoves, a little heavy and if I was doing a through hike I'd probably revert back to my evernew titanium pot). Alcohol stoves are *quiet*, which is nice, but slow. Fuel is cheap, but you are looking at either denatured spirits or HEET (Yellow bottle please) for fuel, and I'm not sure how readily available all that is along the PCT. Oh and as for web sites, go check out thetrek.co and maybe add it to a feedly account and read the blogs. It's generally aimed at the AT, but a lot of PCT hikers will set up blogs and at least do before and after blog posts on what works and what doesn't. It's a great resource for long distance hikers. You may want to pick up the book the website founder wrote, Appalachian Trials, which is how to mentally approach a long distance hike. Again, AT focused, but lots of good advice.
I know people that swear by esbit. Never could be okay with the greasy soot that it leaves behind. Enjoy your alcohol stove in the damp months. If you can't have a campfire, you probably can't have an alcohol stove. Pretty easy rule of thumb.
When are you going? That's going to impact your options significantly.
I got a quilt. Fixed my claustrophobia problem, and I don't usually get claustrophobia.
Dude point 1 answers your question. Yes, it looks like a total fire restriction. You can't even smoke unless it's in your car.
I've never seen it issued in January before ever. That's unprecedented.
So apparently you didn't just see the largest wildfire in California history burn for a month in the middle of winter, because you think that fire restrictions are ridiculous. I hope you get caught. Then we can look forward to the reddit thread where you bitch about the 5000 dollar fine.
The end of fire season is dependent on moisture in the environment. So basically a few days after the first really good rain storm in the late fall/winter.
There is an off chance that you have crappy tuning machines too. But if they were particularly crappy you'd go out of tune during your playing session usually. My money is on new strings too. My strings sometimes take weeks to really settle in. And you'll sometimes go half a step out of tune as the temperature and humidity change. Less so oddly enough on cheap ukes because of the laminate construction but they are pieces of wood and react to the environment.
And how is this backpacking food?
&gt; As for your illness... In the United States, any question regarding that sort of personal matter (or your age, religion, upbringing, etc.) would be very very very illegal. The problem is that on a CV/Resume, anything longer than a 6 month gap in employment is going to be asked about or red-flagged. I don't have a Buddhist answer on if massaging dates on a CV is allowable or not, but I find that kind of harsh red-flagging in the professional world to be unethical in and of itself.
&gt; but I can't imagine not being allowed to ask about current or potential future health problems. I believe the only health problems they can ask about are anything that would prevent you from fulfilling the requirements for your job. So if you couldn't lift 50 pounds, if you couldn't work full time, etc... Reasonable accommodations have to be made. Filtering via health is a touchy subject as it's a private matter here.
It's probably a small group of kids/guys in their 20's. There was a trailhead in Ojai that was infamous for getting vandalized and stuff ripped off out of cars and they finally caught the like 2 guys doing it and it basically stopped at that point.
Last I checked Kings Canyon has been closed for the winter since like... October I wanna say. Mid-october. Other than that, the drive into Kings Canyon is kind of sad due to the... I want to say Sobranes fire that happened a couple years ago. Yosemite is extraordinarily pretty, but it's about as crowded as a pretty dense urban city or Disneyland depending on when you go. Kings Canyon is not a glacier canyon like Yosemite, it's carved by a river, so it's a little more dramatic and craggy.
This. Don't open the box unless you need them.
My experience with the Sierra Club sucked. I joined, they took my money, then I got a letter in the mail saying I was too young to join the Sierra Club. I guess 32 back then was too young? I know they screwed up but they kept my money and refused to help me. Then they started calling me every month asking for more money. The time I had lost my job, was unemployed, and the guy on the phone started to try to tell me how 300 a month was totes affordable for someone on unemployment was when I had finally had it with them. Blocked their numbers and told them not to solicit from me any more. I'll donate money to other conservation endeavors that are more grateful and do more with my money. I never actually *went* anywhere with the local Sierra Club chapter the year I was a pseudo-member. I hope my money helped with some advocacy, because that's the only satisfaction I'd ever get out of it. On the flip side, I've found tons of meetup.com groups dedicated to hiking and have had lovely experiences with them.
As I said, I'm assuming it was a screwup somewhere. But they never worked with me to fix it. Left a bad taste in my mouth.
I'd guide you to https://thetrek.co/ for blogs, articles, and a lot of insight on through hiking. It was originally aimed at the AT but the PCT is represented pretty well there too.
&gt; My money's on the problem being with the 'leadership', or total lack thereof. Absolutely. I've worked in locations with terribad leadership before. It feels a lot like this. Communication is lacking because internally, there really isn't any communication. Things get proposed, deadlines get laid, and without communication internally, things that turn out to be obviously bad just get pushed out. The question is what management *is* doing with their time. Sadly, only management can answer that question. From the trenches and from the bleachers (ie: the players) it's impossible to tell.
If you're looking at getting to Cedar Grove/Road's End that might be tricky. There's a Visalia to Sequoia tram for 15 each way, but Visalia is an hour south. I just checked and there are *no* shuttles/buses to Kings Canyon any more at this time. There used to be but nothing went to Cedar Grove. You could ask someone in /r/fresno to pay them gas. You're looking at probably half a tank of gas to get a car from Fresno to Grant Grove and back. Cedar Grove is another 50-ish miles round trip and would be a full day. Plus, unless you found someone with a pass for the park, that's 30 bucks right there (75 if Zinke gets his way about the prime season price hike). If you could get into the park you might be able to sweet talk someone already heading to King's Canyon to hitch a ride. So V-Line will take you from Fresno to Visalia for 10 bucks. https://ridevline.com/ 15 bucks will get you up into Sequoia proper. The hard part will be getting from Sequoia to Kings Canyon. The really hard part will be getting to Grant Grove. I don't have easy solutions for that. You can also hang out in the /r/seki board and see if anyone is going during your window and you could carpool. You might get some opportunities that way.
You can see quite a bit of the park. The Giant Forest runs through redwood groves on the road. Everything will have some snow or be kind of muddy and cold (it's been a dry year). If we get some killer storms in the next few weeks snowshoes or skis may be required. The foothills won't have snow and while they don't have Sequoias, they're pleasant and there's trails around that you can hike on.
Obviously we should burn every copy of Wheel of Time to avoid any possible comparison between WoT and GoT. I mean, they both have men and women in them! Imagine the confusion! (end sarcasm) We're in the middle of "peak TV" which started with the concept that your viewers are smart and can handle moderately complicated themes, or at least talk about them. Will some idiots say WoT ripped off GoT? Sure. Who cares. I'll trust the audience to be smart enough to tell the difference. They got the difference between LOTR and GOT.
I've reheated using saute mode. Just keep stirring every couple of minutes.
Crossroads II is also the moment where Saul becomes my favorite character of the series. Where he chooses what side he's on, not because of who he is, but because of his values always gives me chills. Everyone else compromises their values and Saul finally finds and commits to his. I know Michael Hogan hated it for his character but man his story arc saved the 4th season for me.
&gt; So if a woman fancies you, and she's available, by all means, date her. &gt; &gt; But this woman is not available. More so, she has not made herself available. She's already made a choice, multiple choices in fact, to not make herself available, and that is a rejection. A gentle rejection, maybe even a regretful rejection, but a rejection. You have a choice now. If you can actually let go of your desire to date and accept that you have a connection but not a romantic relationship, you can remain her friend. I won't even say maybe she will change her mind or become single because then you're still hoping that there is a chance to change things and as time passes you will start to want to nudge things towards that direction. Usually that doesn't work, and things turn toxic as you feel entitled to behavior and feelings from her that you desire and she feels betrayed that her "friend" just wanted to date her. If you can't redefine your relationship to her to set aside romance, you need to step back and accept that.
If you wanted more beans and a rougher, more rustic soup, you could use a potato masher to squash up the black beans. That's what I do when I make navy bean soup.
Yup it's a big-ass parking lot. Shouldn't be a problem. Check in with the ranger station at the start of your hike. Leave nothing that would interest bears in sight. Generally speaking it's close enough to a ranger station I haven't heard of break-ins by people. Just bears. 8 days isn't an unusual amount of time though. If you're really worried, leave a note with your itinerary in the car. Though checking in with the rangers is probably just as good. Enjoy! That's a lovely hike!
It's a standard design geometry that is reliable. Eureka is a decent brand too (I think their smaller tents are standard for boy scouts. Heavy but bombproof). Two adults and a child is going to be cozy. Backpacking is going to be kind of heavy at 5+ pounds depending on what you take with you like rainfly and stakes.
A little late but the difference between the two is that Feeling Good was published in 1980 and the handbook was published in 1998. I'm suspecting that the handbook is the updated version but I'm not positive.
How long was your total cook time? Back of the envelope math says that it should take at least 17 minutes to boil off all the stock in an induction system, which I doubt the IP is but it's the highest efficiency I could find so I went with that as the low minimum. 4 minutes of steaming is about 20% of the stock total, and you may lose a little bit more coming up to pressure, but after that there shouldn't be much liquid loss due to the pressure cooker's seal. There has to be a leak somewhere or you're cooking with the vent open for a *very* long time.
This. Otherwise the IP would never come down in temperature/pressure. Or it would estremely slowly. Plus, if it gets too hot, it can turn off the heating element and know, within a reasonable period of time, that the temperature/pressure would lower. If the whole thing was insulated, that wouldn't happen and would pose a risk.
Additional note: Last time I checked, the IP's high pressure setting is a few PSI lower than most stovetop pressure cookers. If you're doing a recipe that uses a traditional pressure cooker on "high", you may want to experiment with either a slow natural release instead of a quick release in the recipe, or extend the cooking time in the IP for 5-10 minutes.
But is the flavor of Tuttorosso tomato sauce fresh and vibrant? I'm concerned that my Tuttorosso tomato sauce is not the best option on the market for vibrant tomato flavor.
Notes: If this is anything like the phone apps there is a gargantuan amount of DLC that will cost you if you download it all. Also, while Talisman has an important place in the history of gaming, I am at the point where the only way to make it better is to view it through the misty lens of nostalgia. Someone on BoardGameGeek noted that most games that have an automated "dungeon master" have a personality to them. He compared DungeonQuest to I believe a BDSM dominatrix whereas Talisman's DM is more like an abusive drunken uncle. Which seems like a good analogy to me.
I always wondered why people spent huge amounts of money on "detox" tea when some maltitol will do the trick.
Look up The Whoosh. Or check out the link. The Whoosh is real. Trust in the Whoosh. [https://bodyrecomposition.com/fat\-loss/of\-whooshes\-and\-squishy\-fat.html/](https://bodyrecomposition.com/fat-loss/of-whooshes-and-squishy-fat.html/) Edit: Additionally, my first time through keto, while I weighed myself every day, I would only "count" the weekends, usually Saturday, on my weight log. That way if my weight went up half a pound during the week, I wouldn't worry too badly since it wasn't "official". I also experimented with only recording when I lost weight. That sort of works, but when you stall and don't record your weight for a while it breaks the habit and that wasn't good. So I switched to daily "check ins" and weekly "Weigh\-ins".
There's apps like libra and even the fitbit &amp; MFP do averaging I believe these days so that your weight loss is averaged out over the previous 5 days or 7 days or whatever and that helps for minor noise but sometimes it's just easier to do official weekly weigh ins, or bi\-weekly, or whatever.
From what I understood reading the reviews on BGG, the problem with FM besides being fiddily as all hell even with the app was that it inverted RC. So instead of building up, the game engine fell apart as time went on, and it just was frustrating more than fun.
And smoke weed.
&gt;On the post about crystal pepsi that made the front page the other week I saw in the comments people talking about all the different fizzy drink vending machines they had in their high schools, their fricking high schools and you didn't need to ask what country they were from. Oh man you have no idea. Coke machine in the locker room, coke machines in the hallways, coke machines in the cafeteria right next to the coolers of coke. And I went to high school during the days of Surge. So twice the caffeine and more sugar than normal. It was ubiquitous. It'd be one thing if you went through the cafeteria and could grab a pop, because that'd be limited to the 15 minute "nutrition break" \(BWHAHAHAHAHAHA\) we had in the morning and lunch time. So were the snack machines, always filled with candy. I always had a roll of Spree on me. Loved that candy. Hell, my friends and I had lunch for a year straight of a chocolate chip cookie the size of my head and a bottle of Dr Pepper. When I fell into the Drama Department we lived for entire weekends on buildout on Dr Pepper, Taco Bell flavored doritos, and peanut butter filled M&amp;Ms. Is it any wonder I blew up like a goddamn balloon? What's terrifying about the growing youth obesity is that my senior year of high school I was a healthy weight even though my diet away from my parents basically was horrid junk food. Right around 22 my metabolism shifted and that's when the weight started piling on. So these kids... they're going to be obese as they hit their 20's, and then their metabolism will shift from "growing, come at me bro" to "adult, moderation please" and their eating habits will not change and they'll explode.
Is.. is this satire? Please tell me this is satire.
&gt; I mean, I don't know how big the OP actually is, but I kind of think 'You're too fat to ride' would be far more humiliating and anxiety\-inducing. Maybe her friends are nicer than she thinks. Okay I'm 6'2, but I had a horrid 2 years and I stress eat and I'm back to 330 pounds. Well, 324 as of this morning. Time to turn that shit around. While I could physically fit into a honda civic it wouldn't be comfortable, but the f\*cking seat belt would fit me with a good 6\-8 inches to spare on the seat belt roller. So I feel like this is either a satire post or seriously the OP is like 5'1 and has a 70 inch waist.
That's when you roll a towel up and lay the roll on the left hand side so your butt at least evens out somewhat. Imagine the back problems the heavy person had. All the issues from being out of whack like that, plus the back issues from being so heavy.
&gt;Dangerous for her, the rest of the people in the car and you'd THINK a wake\-up call to barely be able to fit into a car or use the normal seatbelt. In the event of a serious car wreck she'd turn into a missile and not only would almost certainly die herself, but would kill anyone she hit too.
There's a video of his transformation too. It actually was really touching and showed that bodybuilders aren't just arrogant meatheads. They bought him a kiddie pool so he could have his first bath in years and shit and treated him with some real compassion. I'm sure there's people who gave him shit but this was one of those "reaffirming my faith in humanity" moments. Here it is: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8svuSIYQu74](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8svuSIYQu74)
Type 2 diabetes is a social disease? WITAF?
