They gave all the good weapons to trials Unfortunatly for some
That argument is invalidated by the amazing pve weapons available from the lighthouse
Reinforced barrel increased range at the expense of stability while rifled battle takes away reload speed. Reinforced barrel is better because stability doesn't matter on a shotgun
I find Reinforced barrel is better. If much rather sacrifice stability than reload speed especially when stability has no effect on a shotgun
Yeah I have all 3 and the party crasher is the best in my opinion
Even if they are geared at pvp it doesn't mean they aren't great for pve. A lot of pvp perks carry over to pve especially when there's elemental damage. You can't just gloss over the fact the only way to get a decent elemental primary with this dlc is through a flawless trials run.
Yeah but they are pretty terrible when compared to their trials counterparts. I think that's the biggest problem. Even if you get an elemental primary from skolas it won't hold up against old raid gear or even the trials weapon. so yes there really is an argument that the only way to get good " raid type" Weapons with this dlc is the through pvp
I have used both with identical rolls pretty extensively and I like the party crasher. The range difference is slmost unnoticeable but the party crasher fires noticibly faster. It'd probably a preference thing though
i did it twice with 2 gallys and a hunger and we all used pretty much all our rockets and a synth. barely got it done
Yeah i know its not required but the guy you responded to is talking about bursting him down. Which you pretty much need gjallarhorns
i kind of disagree. I think playing in the iron banner is the best place to finish the bounty... alot of PVE players are playing iron banner meaning a less skilled pool. Whos going to be playing regular crucible when iron banner is active? probably people who enjoy crucible. You could be right but i see iron banner as the best place to complete the bounty
You only get one weapon even if you have two bounties at the same time
I disagree. A shotgun is going to one hit someone anyway from the right distance... Having maxed range and mag is more important than trying to proc luck in the chamber at the expense of range and mag size Edit: spelling
That's a really poor example but I get your point. It's more like using shards to upgrade a piece of dark below armor. You don't get more back even if you put shards into it
Trading would ruin destiny. I've seen it ruin and your other games and it really doesn't bring anything to the table especially in a game like destiny
yeah i agree with that. With TLW you just need to find that sweetspot distance thats too far for a shotfun but close enough that you have the advantage...TLW will win that fine most of the time
Yeah you are right the one he is selling is a beast. I wrote that before I saw what the rolls were on the vendor one but all my points on desired perks still stand. I will probably get one to roll and one to keep as is. I would like to roll hidden hand on one as well I wish that and third eye weren't exclusive
i have them both and i like the party crasher more. The impact and range difference is negligible but the party crasher fires noticeably faster. I have both with identical rolls btw
i see your point but buying an exotic engram and re rolling a weapon are not the same thing. To be honest i think its harder to get weapon parts than it is to get motes especially with the material exchange
I dont think its a good analogy because you can get motes from just about every material in the game. yeah you get alot of engrams but when compared to how many parts it takes to upgrade a weapon its not really proportionate. Im not really follwing why you are so against a less time consuming way to get weapon parts. Im not asking for them for free just a less time consuming way to get them
i wouldnt say thats ignorant. I might have exagerated when i said 9-0 or nothing but I was just trying to show that trials is also very easy for some people even more so than skolas. to some extent you either succeed at trials of you dont there isnt much middle ground whether you go undefeated or not
i have been but i use them up as soon as i get them even without reforging
thats not an option for the majority of players. I got to 7 wins the first week but wasnt able to crack it last week
yeah the key is good fireteam which is hard to come by. Im solid at regular pvp but i cant get it to carry over to trials.
Get to 34 first and then worry about rolls later. Raid boots are solid though heavy of the heavy ammo increase
the problem with that is that skolas can pretty much one shot you with his solar cannon this week
i dont have either unfortunately. I have beaten him the last two weeks with LDR and Efirideets spears. I would try and find a high impact solar sniper. Ice breaker with only 6 shots( can fire roughly 8 consecutively) is not viable if they are trying to burn him. I dont think you could even break his bonds with ice breakers. Ill probably be staying away this week. i have 60 normal crota clears and no black hammer and do every exotic drop 3x a week and no Gjallarhorn
Thanks i really didnt care too much about the GHORN until recently. Not having one is actually negatively effecting my experience now. I wouldnt say xur should sell it but someone who plays as much as i do should have a way to acquire a weapon like this. I coudlnt even do skolas 1st week and im all about endgame PVE.
i think you are missing the whole point of this post. He is showing that a Gjallarhorn isnt necessary like most people think. Of course its a strategy get off your high horse
No its not i have only gotten it on two of my three characters every week. Its only guaranteed one per account per week and the rest is RNG
middle tree is all about preference. I like snap shot but a stability upgrade is also an option
Yeah you really shouldnt be using hunger in PVP. Anything with prox det will outperform you and the hungers tracking kind of sucks
yeah one of you stun him and the other two use gallys
I would try and roll for reinforced barrel and shot package. Anything after that is a bonus. I personaly dont like handicapping myself to proc final round more often in a weapon that already one hit kills people ( smallboar)
been playing it all week.
I would use a high impact sniper rifle instead of the dragons breath
What happens if someone has to leave and the other two want to keep going. They cant add anyone to there activity?
i just use the destiny app and i have pretty good luck finding teams for every activity... i feel like there arent as many people posing on the reddit recruitment
i dont really agree with just letting the person with the essence die. Why not just stick together and keep moving...
Corrective measure is not bad. I have all the god heavy machine guns but always go back to my corrective measure. I kind of stopped reading after that
600 hours of gameplay and don't have a single faction shader and I only rank factions
get over it the rewards are RANDOM. I have recieved a ton of rewards from being at the top of the leaderboard and other from being at the bottom. As for the inactivity issue im not sure why he wasnt kicked
armentarium is the best titan PVP exotic. I use the crest for trials because of the faster revives. I would level up striker first if you want to play PVP
i should say it was being a sherpa for crota for months and seeing people flip out over their new loot but really i think my best moment in destiny was probably when i realized trials isnt that hard and i can actually succeed at it
its not worth it. The weapons all blow and i have no incentive to grind my way to the skolas or even the 34 anymore
People make ridiculous requirements for every activity. " vog must be 34 with max ghorn". There are also plenty of people on the forums just looking for people to play trials with. It's like selective reading ... You only see the people going for flawless when there are a ton of people just going for 5-7 wins. Trials can be frustrating especially if you don't have good friends. I have been working at getting better at pvp and finally go flawless this weekend. It was well worth it and I think anyone can succeed at trials with a good gam plan and solid weapons
It's how they want pvp played. They don't want people sneaking around and have the game being about who can do that Better
Happened to me last week. We lost the first match and then got our revenge the second time around.
Yeah you are guaranteed a weapon from the core but it should be an elemental primary instead of the core. That would make sense if you are comparing it to old raids
You all seem to be missing the point. Trials rewards guaranteed endgame elemental primaries. That's why they are comparable because they both reward the penultimate weapons in destiny but not even close to evenly. Yes trials is harder but that's subjective. Trials is very easy for some people and PoE is very easy for some people. It took triple wreck two hours to beat skolas on arc burn week yet he can do a 9-0 in 40 minutes. Subjective. If trials didn't award elemental primaries then yes it would be ridiculous to compare the two acticty and their rewards.... But they do and that's the item people play pve to recieve. I don't understand why people are so against this
Trials changed the game though. The fact that trials guaranteed you the ultimate pve weapons available in this dlc makes the activities and their rewards comparable. I do agree that when compared to old raids sure skolas and his rewards are not that bad. If we want to go a little deeper though the old raid weapons were actually good. The PoE weapons blow and I think that's where a lot of the outrage comes from. Anyone saying trials and skolas aren't comparable because trials is harder is just ridiculous. They are comparable because they both rewards elemental primaries. There was never a pvp equivelent like that before so it's hard to compare anything from this dlc to old raids and how they awarded gear
I can agree with all that. The PoE weapons need a buff and that will fix most of these issues. I think they should add a legitimate perk and then have the fallen perk as a secondary like oracle disrupted or hive burn on Crota weapons
or you could only reconnect in between rounds
Ive been disconnected from destiny before and nothing else in my house has every been effected...ever
The only problem with this is that vendor gear is a much higher level that vanillia destiny and it is kind of necessary when you are going from 20-30. There is no way around that and it will effect your experience. It is still a cool idea but you cant necessarily do what you did to originally get to 30
might be the worst tutorial ive ever seen. You barely even explain how to use the heavy ammo glitch and dont even mention the icebreaker.
if you are gonna play the game buy the dlc's. If not then its not really worth it .
Its not really reasonable to compare the price of a full DLC to the price of cosmetic items. Now if we compare that $20 to something relevent.....Remember when this community ate up ONE shader, ONE emblem and a teeshirt for 25 bucks and people are flipping out over 3x the in game content for 20 bucks? I dont know what people expected but its right in line with what we asked for as a community. You dont have to pay for items you already own to get the cosmetic issues which is litterally what we wanted. People love being outraged Edit: yest i was referring to the Nepal relief donations. I hope you dont really believe that many destiny players would have donated if they weren't receiving in game items. yeah it was for a good cause but a lot of people also saw it as a purchase
yes i just added that in the edit....
Yeah you are right it can go both ways i just thought it was one of the only things we have had to go by when talking about cosmetic items. The t-shirt is cool but im sure just the cosmetics spurred people to donate
the majority of popular streamers are not against donations. Where did you get that idea? Thats a whole different discussion but you are way off the mark on that. They thrive on donations
I actually started watching him recently and I've never seen him act like that. That video was my first impression of him but he is actually one of the nicest streamers around
Most of the matches i saw ( i watched a decent amount) he was always the top of his team even when he was playing with resolve. Hes def a good play but does need to get sweatier
Weapon reforging is the single best thing that came with this DLC. I respect your opinion but thats all it is... an opinion.
you had them dead to rights... why did you leave the orbs and hand him those revives? cool vid but you shouldn't have been in that position anyway
a striker titan can nullify any other super especially a blade dancer...they definetly have their place
completely disagree. The Vault of glass was not flawless. It was a great first raid level activity but kings fall is much more mature and a much more finished product. You are blinded by nostalgia. I wasnt even playing the whole thing after i had armor. I would just load into atheon 3x a week
That's a ridiculous statement. You can't go for kills like that in tdm because the match would be over in minutes
they either grow physically right out of the gate or they dont. Sure somtimes physical growth can get spurred on later in their development but if they dont start growing when they are promoted i wouldnt bank on it happening at all.
Can i ask why you only want his overall to go up? Just training stats that increase their overall actually make them a worse player in the long run
any luck?
yeah i got a huge list of shit they want me to do. Im just done with the game. Fuck it
just bad luck. Ive had amazing regens with great WF and SM as well as what youve experienced
I Cant imagine playing a shooter without my scuff. It takes some getting used to but the paddles are ridiculously helpful
been having the same issue on PS4
no... Youth players physicals only grow a fraction of the time and its mostly luck. Id say its like50 percent ( maybe) of all youth players. So more than likely his physicals wont grow
He made a video last year about a CONFIRMED 6th chest in the vault of glass. Made a 20 minute video describing how him and his team found it and what you need to do to find it as well. He was clearly lying and i unfollowed after that
Im not exactly sure what you are trying to say. Can you be more specific about what you are encountering or what the problem is?
what they request for salary is what you need to give them.
let him get the may bump. Players like that get the biggest bumps
yes there is. Just not for user controlled teams. Thats how computer players grow.
You sell the player to a computer team in january and he will get a bump while on the other team in may. The may bump is still there just not for user controlled players
its so frustrating when you are dominating and have the other team against the wall in their own spawn and your teammates start blocking their spawn so they flip. Pet peeve for me
you didnt tell us what map you are talking about
M8, Pharao and ghost were my first 3. I was sick of waiting for the pharoa to unlock and m8 is such a high level it made sense to me
it took me a little while to get used to my scuff but i cant imagine playing without it now. You will get used to it. Give it time you wont regret it
I Stay as long as i am not getting spawn camped and there arent raps on the ground already
alot of them lobby shop and quit when they are getting any decent competition
you found a decent youth prospect. A dime a dozen.
but it did. They all were playing on their personal accounts for the last two days because big foltz needed to be the one who reached 1000. Also the majority of the people doing the work were 3 of the streamers not the owner of the channel who made out ridiculous well from this whole thing
yeah hes a really amazing player but i know what you are saying. Last night he called some dude a "fucking idiot" and continued to ridicule the other team for actually trying to play the objective
it says it right on there you can only use on per season
lets not get carried away. Ethnic light was a gimmick and didnt require you to use new weapons. I liked having to try new weapons at the beginning of ttk
I've been playing destiny religiously since launch. i haven't played in a few months and have no desire to play anymore. I absolutely love destiny but i got bored
yeah you are wrong. First of anyone who plays the game regularly can come to those conclusions on their own. Bringing a you tuber into this helps nothing. Now those guns were a problem. They were all the best guns in their class barring a few exotics. Even when house of wolves came out I would've taken the vog and Crota weapons over anything they could've released. They made them too Strong and realized it. Hence why they needed to be phased out. Now Gjallarhorn is a horrible example to bring. That gun was broken and people were pissed when it got taken away becusse they now had to actually do some Mechanics. Now you can disagree but the argument that you liked using them unfortunately doesn't cut it Edit spelling
you guys think you have problems. My career mode has been freezing about 5 years in and getting corruped. Its a problem effecting other people on the career mode sub but its not wide spread enough for EA to do anything about it. All they do when i contact them is give me standard trouble shooting tips when its clearly something wrong with the game. I have stopped playing fifa
no you cant bet on that because they dont do that.
even if he opened 1 million fifa points worth of packs that would be like $7k. Explain to me how that a "eating thru that so fast"
I never gave either of those guns a second thought until i did diamond ARs. Now they are two of my favorite guns in the game. Especially the hvk.
yeah i think OP is a little confused
that term has been around in FPS games for years. Its not something new
yeah but you missed your first two shots. Shit like that is annoying but shooting first doesnt mean you deserved to win the gun fight
ive never had any lag until last night
it doesnt but it does let you continue a kill streak for camo. If you have 3 kills die and rejack you can get 2 more and it will count as a blood thirsty for your camo.
why did you crop out what team you are playing as. Kind of suspect you didnt show the whole screen
thats because their physicals arent guaranteed to grow. May bump refers to a player growing in general not necessarily physical growth Usually only players who physicals are growing in YOUR team will grow when bumped in may. Sure there are exceptions but thats a good rule. Als
thanks you for the clarification. People on more than one occasion have actually made posts like yours but lied about being the one who actually sold or bought the player.
Why would you send it back the same day?
Its obviously something in the game causing it to crash. I have contacted EA numerous times and each time im told its on my end and they give me general trouble shooting tips. There are people on every fifa forum having the same issues but its not wide spread enough for them to do anything. I have stopped playing the game mode i love so much because of this.
i wouldnt call it superstition. You can trace and accurately predict what will work and wont. I will agree the growth system is broken though
Its actually pointless to train young players unless you have a certain pertinent stat you need to improve. Let me break it down. Each player grows naturally between 2-6 points in ALL their technical stats until they get close to their ultimate potential. Once they reach their potential they only grow in their position specific stats. Ie finishing and shooting stats for strikers, defensive stats for defenders. So by training you are actually making your players reach their overall sooner which is preventing them from getting the maximum possible growth in the rest of their stats. I only train players when they start nearing their actually potential or have stopped growing in all their stats. Might seem confusing but ive done extensive testing and it makes sense.
fair enough
One of their names starts with B. Hes the one of the people on my PSN friends list but doesnt show up. So in order to get friends to show up in BO3 i have to delete people from my overall psn friends list? I will give it a shot
well it makes sense since they dont sim leagues that you dont play in. They cant sim 100s and 100s of games every single week. that wouldn't be feasible and would probably slow down loading times.
you think you now are limited in the weapons you can use? It used to be between 2 or 3 viable elemental primaries . Now you can use anything you want to without feeling like you are at an disadvantage
PS4.
yeah i dont see snipers very often. The game is very balanced on the consoles right now
lol a couple of weeks? Thats ridiculously optimistic
those are two very popular kill streaks. you should be seeing them.
heres an example. You are getting into a gun fight with someone and you pop your head out, take a couple shots and goes back behind cover only to be killed while behind said cover. Lag compensation in effect. Basically you were already killed by the player on his screen but because of the lag it took some time for the computer to register this making you die after you are behind over on your screen. In actuality you lost the gun battle it just didnt register yet.
yeah they grow in the academy
Sheiva is the worst for me. I'll kill Someone who's headglitching me and it isn't a headshot. I really should've finished it twice as fast since litteral headshots don't count
&gt;it's a great kids show, but it isn't really anything greater than that that is just not true. It is a great star wars show. The first two seasons are kind of lame but the 3rd season to the finale of the series are some of the absolute best star wars story imaginable. It tells some of the best star wars story there are. It shows anakin and the fall of the republic the way it should have been shown. Can i ask what your criticisms are other than the fact its animated?
Yeah of course there is melodramtic elements and some clique dialogue but you cant judge a show or say its not as good as everyone say it is from watching a few episodes. There are 6 seasons of that show and each one is better than the last. It starts to get very dark and its not fair to say its just a kid show especially when there are countless deaths and murders shown on screen. &gt;perhaps the overall plot was good but what I saw was very generic good vs evil characters and concepts just set in the Star Wars universe Its not at all generic good VS evil. Its a pretty complex tragedy that shows the jedi caused their own downfall. It also does a great job showing how anakin was as a jedi and how he fell to the dark side. Sure it has some good Vs evil tropes but the overal story line is not that. Again not liking something is fine but you shouldnt make baseless criticisms based on someething you havent watched
palpatine told who? he didnt need permission to execute order 66. Basically whoever won that night was on the right side in the eyes of the senate. If they had killed palpatine then the senate wouldve backed the jedi and we know what happened in the other scenario
order 66 was a secret. Had it not been a secret the jedi would have known about it and would have done something about it.
Im sure netflix pays a substantial fee for the rights to air this show which in turn funds the show. You sound ridiculously entitled.
that show only gets better and better. The first season is one of the weakest for me. Keep at it
hoops are everywhere
yeah I'm confused about this. Didnt everything work out like everyone wanted it to?
i thought churchill and the priest had the same goal. I thought churchill and the government wanted to be able to cut ties with russia. Again i could be wrong as well. It would make more sense your way but the whole time he never explicitly says who is doing what which get kind of convoluted with this many moving parts
I hated american Sniper. Mainly because right before i saw the movie read an article by a journalist who was embedded with Kyles seal team. He claimed he is a pathological liar and almost everything is taken out of context or a flat out lie. He attributes things to himself that happened to other seals or changes big events to suit his story. Im not sure if i would be downvotes for not liking the movie or criticizing a deceased hero
I was going to say the Grand Budapest Hotel. Its the movie hes been trying to make his entire career. I do like Moonrise Kingdom but i think Grand Budapest is a better movie
not sure if this counts as a speech but Mathew McConaugheys closing argument from a time to kill.
Im surprised we haven't seen a new post about the newest reshoot news regarding the tone. The hollywood reporter claims the execs did not like the tone of the movie and that the reshoots are to bring it in line with "classic star wars". I personally was exited about this movie because it was going to be a war movie with a different tone. Its also been reported the first cut of the movie is solid so i hope they dont change too much. This is all speculation to a degree.
it really is amazing. Cosima feels like a completely different person. I never get taken out of the show or notice they are the same actress unless i am actively thinking about it
there is not a single post talking about the fact the reshoots are do to the tone of the movie. There is another post talking about the how the reshoots are to add han solo. This info came out yesterday afternoon when the Hollywood reported actually had inside sources comment on it.
thats separate goddamn subreddit. I didnt say there were no posts on the entirety of reddit. I thought it was implied we were talking about this sub.
Tommy has a fragile peace in London with the jews and the Italians. Killing alfie would cause all out war. Tommy flipped out when he read the list because there was a name missing from it. Alfie would have only left a name off it if it was someone he was working with. Tommy already knew what names should have been on the list. It was a test and alfie failed by leaving a name off it. That let tommy know which person alfie was working with. He knew he betrayed him. Tommy told Alfie he crossed a line because his son was invovled. Alfie told him he was a hypocrite considering how many sons he has killed and the fact its his son doesnt make any difference. Thats was the jist of their argument.
making a little less money does not equal a " crash and burn"
Stephen Knight thought he was too small to play Thomas Shelby in peaky blinders. Look how that turned out. I still prefer Bale but he wouldve made an interesting batman
Its fantastic. I highly recommend it
Literally too small. At first Knight thought he might be too small to pull of a gangster like that. Thomas Shelby was suppose to be a imposing force which is probably easier for a big guy. He clearly convinced him otherwise and proved that he was right for the roll
He is the absolute worst.
He doesnt know where he is suppose to be, when to break and he loses the ball every goddamn time. He is horrible
how did you get tickets to a sold out premier at the last second?
yeah i dont think they had one stickied last sunday either.
wabalubadubdub
Well they got Emre Cans name wrong. Its prounced "CHAN" since his name has turkish origins. Also if youve ever watched a liverpool game thats how the announcers pronounce it.
the Turkish pronunciatian is "chan". How do you get Djann out of that? Also how does that come out phonically?
i will take your word for it
i liked grace dying the problem was they didnt let it sink in. They cut to days later at the funeral which i think was a mistake. i think they tried to do too much in this season. There were no personal moments like the wedding from season two or the birth of season one. Overall it was solid but not as good for me
if something offends you dont listen to it. There cannot be limits and nothing is off the table. That is the point.
&gt;Actually, it is. You have no right to your job. If you're going to piss off the people buying your product then you're not going to make money. Then the product isnt for you. That the whole point to all of this. If you find something offensive move along. There is no line and nothing is off limits.
Jesus....Im not trying to censor you or stop you from leaving reviews. You of course have that right. I have an issue with the fact you dont think the club should not employ someone anymore because YOU found them offensive and since you were offended its a problem. You are not the sole person buying the product and just because you find it offensive doesnt mean other people do as well. The point of all of this is that if you find something offensive then thats on you. The comedians can say whatever they want
Yeah thats not the same situation. This is a soccer forum and its safe to assume most people who sub here watch the sport.
you can say that about people from any nationality. I along with many of my friends have watched soccer religiously for years. Ive been watching and playing soccer since i could walk. Americans that are part of this sub are not making uninformed comments all the time and they are not less informed than fans from other countries. Bullshit assumption edit: uninformed not uniformed
yeah that doesnt prove shit. edit: this sub is also called "Soccer"
JJ and cased actually came up with the story together and then brought their ideas to disney. He had a ton of control over that movies story.
edit: i was mistaken
not official
not official. They are not eliminated yet
why on earth was he not on the bench?
can someone tell me why Suarez wasnt even on the bench?
Its on netflix and has been for a while..
they have been lacking compared to their past programming but they are not lacking in general. They have veep silicon valley and GoT in a singe night. They had the leftovers which was one of the best season of any show ive ever seen. I do think FX is better overal right now but HBO isnt really lacking
you can have them call you during business hours. Just got to EA help
First off there are 300 million guns in the united states so a ban on guns would do jack shit. That can of worms has been opened and there is no closing it. Secondly did you really just compare the "american mentality" towards guns to a time before black people were seen as normal citizens in america? That is just ridiculous hyperbole. Third there is no "american mentality" towards guns when you look at how divisive this issue is. You talk about us "not getting it" like everyone in the country is pro gun.
you would probably be fine with a righty but a lefty might be a whole different ball game for you. You def should try it
i just asked a question about this. I hate using mobile versions of websites. Id rather navigate the website i already know. This just started to day with reddit and unless it gets changed i won't be using reddit from my phone edit: found desktop
thank you!
what do you use for oil?
you will suck for a while. just keep at it
the whole team looked better when he as on the pitch. So not really pointless or ineffective
"looking better" as in playing better which means they probably had a better chance of scoring. I never said he looked amazing. The team looked better with him in the squad even if he did miss those chances.
se7en 7wenty
just find the minor pentatonic for a certain key. Learn that scale and all its patterns up and down the neck. Once you learn that you can learn the major and other keys pretty easily
there will never be a Pro/rel system in the united states. They set the MLS teams up as permanent franchises. That system only works in Europe because of how many teams there are and its been around forever. It is not a good business model especially when relegation can be so devastating. Some teams never recover from being relegated
I cant see it ever happening in this country. It doesnt make sense from a business standpoint. These owners are not going to agree to it. Getting relegated can be a death sentence and no business will agree to it. Its not like england where it was set up like this from the beginning. Any decisions like this would need the OK of the owners and that sure as hell will never happen. Also when you take into account just traveling to games costs insane amounts of money. its not like most the european leagues where they can get to most the stadiums in a reasonable drive. Maybe one day but i just dont see it. The NFL has an amazing business model and just oozes money. Why would the owners of these MLS teams agree to something that could cripple them after one bad season?
Yeah that makes sense. I think the only situation that would be feasible would be if another league started to gain insane popularity. Im still not sure how that would translate or what could happen to cause Pro/ Rel to actually be agreed to. What you said does make sense and i think we will just see a bigger MLS
I personally watched most of the clips and was glad someone uploaded them. I took the time to watch them and enjoyed it.
Denver is an awesome city
you would hope so. With hodgson you never know
this game could use milner. But it could also use sterling and vardy meant the game could use sturridge and vardy... my bad
are you insane? Lallana has been englands best player
meant sturridge not sterling
for the position hes playing hes been bad. In the first 20 minutes he must have lost the ball 4 times. Not looking forward only sideways. Hesitating with easy passes and then trying difficult ones that dont work.
i really dont like rooney at that position. Touches are way too slow and hes too negative. Looked good and got a good shot when he got closer to the goal though
came off a defender
Alli has been bad. Lallana should not have been taken off
plenty of people talking about how terrible hes been
sturridge also opened the game up. he made some mistakes but he also helped change the pace of the game
I actually enjoyed the first season more but the second one is pretty perfect
nice... im actually learning that song right now. ive got it down until the solo. Gonna start working on that later today
the women announcer on ESPN is amazing. She is knowledgeable actually knows what shes talking about
thanks for the response. yeah unfortunatly the guitar shops near me only have the deluxe. Ive played both in the past but i just dont remember how loud the Princeton gets. I know it breaks up earlier than the Deluxe. Im leaning towards the deluxe. Its an amp ive always liked.
learn as many songs as possible. That in my opinion is one of the best things new players can do
Who gave the writers shit for bringing john back? I dont think ive heard that edit: i see the rest of the convo below
I do get the criticisms and the show is getting exhausting but he did state that they literally cannot change the app. They dont have money or time to do that
Just keep learning songs and incorporate licks you learn into your playing
