I think you think you're over your issues, your trying to be your own counselor which is never a good idea. One of the great things about seeing a therapist is they can help you see things that you can't see yourself, they are a critical part in the recovery process. 1. Work on yourself. 2. See a therapist. 3. Become happy with yourself. 4. THEN seek out a partner.
I don't have a lot of advice for you...but this line is bullshit " "well I'm working but I'll come out after, but Dan has a date" and he got pretty annoyed with me. I was teasing him and trying to be lighthearted about the situation." You weren't being light-hearted...you made a dig at him and were being passive aggressive.
Seems like he only cares about you when you're going to be the spotlight to others. Oh, a family reunion? Here, this is my daughter to show off that I love. Oh, whats that? A wedding? Of course my wonderful daughter is there. Then when you actually need him, he bails on you. Up to you if you want, he probably just wants to show you off so he can pretend he was actually a father to you in some capacity.
Hotelier - Home, Like No Place There Is Great album, I'm a cranky 33 year old man who really dislikes a lot of new music. Loved this album though.
If someone shows that they are selfish and lack empathy, that is only going to be a bigger issue later down the road, when life becomes more stressful and requires more sacrifices. Jump ship.
I hope you didn't make your dog listen to the Red Wedding, poor thing.
Our cat wasn't a fan of our dog at all. We put up a baby gate that the cats can fit under but the dog can't, they then slowly started getting along more. Cats can often take a longgg time to adjust.
Completely agree, however, the vast majority of large cities and suburbs surrounding those cities have leash laws.
Huh? It doesn't, we're talking about a public park, not an off-leash dog park or an off-leash area.
I'm still a bit confused, he is referring to taking his dog off-leash at a public park, not an off-leash park or off-leash area...?
Sorry, now I feel bad :(, I'm sure your pup is great and I'd love to see a pic of them
You're controlling your temper by suppressing it, not by actually solving the problem. Also, blaming your mom for how you act is a cop out (even if it is true). Get in therapy, find out why you are the way you are, get an idea of where this anger comes from, learn about yourself and through that you can start being kinder to others. Also, an antidepressant might help, sadness isn't the only sign of depression, lashing out/irritability is as well.
Thanks for nitpicking one point in the argument, read the rest of it and get back to me.
That the Blair Witch Project or other found footage films could actually be real, just wouldn't happen anymore.
I just don't worry about the day, everything can wait till tomorrow, I just let everything go. If you're the worrying type, you're going to have issues sleeping, always.
The likelihood of your parents changing is very low. Hell, they probably still like your original name since they gave it to you. I'd just try to let it go.
Thought about getting a dog? If you're lonely and around a lot, a dog can help a lot with those feelings. Plus, dog parks are a great place to meet other people as you already have a shared interest and the same people typically come over and over again, hang in there.
I doubt you left out the cheating because of some moral high ground, you just didn't want to fess up to it and have your kids find out about it and your relationship implode in violent fashion. It probably would have given him a lot more closure on the relationship to know you essentially betrayed him and then decided you wanted a divorce.... Anyway, that's all besides the point, why bother telling him about your current relationship.
The relationship was passionate, it was full of great highs and great lows, that can often be addicting for people as the highs are higher than most relationships get to.
I used to take my dog for several walks a day and he was still wild. We started taking him to an active doggy daycare two days a week and that has completely changed his disposition and saved our sanity. It costs us close to 50 dollars a week but the behaviour change has been priceless.
My girlfriend and I both work full time, 8-5pm every day. Here is some of my advice 1. Find a breed that fits the energy level you can handle. If you get a high energy dog, be prepared to take them to the dog park for a few hours everyday. 2. Consider crate training early on, just because you can't handle the idea of being boxed up in a crate all day, doesn't mean a dog feels the same way. Its a fantastic way to potty train a dog and many dogs like their kennels as it provides them security and solitude. 3. Consider doggy daycare a few days a week. We have our dog go to doggy daycare on Tuesdays and Thursdays and he comes home completely exhausted and happy. This costs around 50 dollars a week, we alternate dropping him off and picking him up. 4. 30 minutes over lunch is fine, you're right, puppies can't hold their bladder. You will need to go home to let him out. 5. It sounds like you have a yard, I'd invest in an invisible fence at least, its very very very very nice to just let the dog out when it needs to go out or to just hang out in the yard and let the dog play. Good luck! Edit: One more thing, start off more strict and get more lax as time goes on. Sure, you might want a puppy in your bed but do you want a full grown dog sleeping with you every night? I'm of the opinion that you start teaching behaviours that you want early, then start giving them more slack as they get older and you find what you want your dog to actually do. For instance, our dog didn't go in our bed for the first 3 months, now that is he is fully crate trained, we let him sleep in with us every now and again on the weekend. Its much harder to train behaviour down the road, just my two cents.
Sounds like you're doing all you can in that realm, sorry he is still so wild :(. In my opinion, its ok for a dog to be pretty wild at the dog park, as long as he/she doesn't play aggressively, even if he/she likes to wrestle, that's totally cool!
Yeah, I call it life.
I'd say about 50% attendance from a Facebook invite is pretty standard.
Eh, there will always be a bad time for this stuff. If anything, she will have the promotion to hopefully help her through this process? You've been together for 1.5 years, there is no easy way about this.
Hey, 34m here, got out of a 3 year relationship and hit the online dating sites fairly heavy for a time. You did nothing wrong, he was just never that into you; hard as that is to hear. I'm not sure why he spoke to you in that way, especially if he wasn't just trying to get you to sleep with him. Some people act really fucking crazy in rebound relationships. They end up projecting their fears about their old relationship onto the new person or jump headlong into something hot and heavy as it feels so good to feel something other than misery. Long story short, it isn't your fault and there was nothing you could have done.
Great story, also, you sound like a really fun guy to party with.
Everyone in this post is ignoring that they share the same friends group...which is going to make things extremely awkward. You moved on, casually, to another friend in your friend group. That is kinda tactless, regardless of how your relationship ended. If you need to date casually to get over things, expect it to blow up in your face if you go about it in this manner....
Sure, I totally get that. I don't know, I mean, if he is going to remain in that friend group, it might make more sense to get some 'strange' from online dating, rather than someone else in that friend group. I don't know...regardless, he's going to be thinking that you had a thing for this 'friend' the whole time and it's just going to make him feel terrible. I assume that, even though the relationship ended, you still have some level of respect for him. If you need some strange or whatever, hit up Tinder like the rest of us soulless devils.
Watch what you call my father, sir.
He respects you, doesn't push your boundaries and you love him. Realistically, you are 19 and will not end up with him....but, this sounds like a lot better situation to lose your virginity in than most cases. Just make sure you feel ok and it's something you want to do.
I drink a fair amount, usually only on weekends though and rarely by myself. Every now and again I'll drink while I game. Drinking every night like that is not normal or healthy. You will literally become addicted to alcohol at some point...not to mention you give your body zero breaks from alcohol. I noticed I'm a bit more bored of games these days. I only really play them when I am drinking as it makes them more fun. Do you think you're maybe bored and need some new hobbies? Find different ways o embrace life?
Well, I hate to say it, but I just stopped gaming mostly. For instance, I kinda wanted to drink and game the other night but I went for a walk around the lake with my dog instead...which I ended up enjoying a lot more, which kind of surprised me. You're getting older, it's no surprise that games just don't do what they used to for you. In reality, they're manly just a distraction from life (this is from someone who used to game a ton). Just get outside more, read more, try to find things that give you natural joy. Also, when start drinking less during the week you're going to feel much better in general, I promise.
People will notice how you act and respect it. If she is passive aggressive or insults you, just be respectful but straight forward. Stuff like "I'm sorry you're upset with me, I still respect you and hope we can get along." or "Please don't put me down like that in front of the group. Can't we all have fun like we used to?" When people see you act respectful and kind to her aggression, she'll either stop or your friends will get sick of her.
It's hard to describe the layout of this machine. It does have slots for holding an Olympic style bar as well as the 'Smith' bar. Edit: Like this [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/0HdB1yh.jpg)
I don't know, the machine is designed to function in this way, edited the OP [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/0HdB1yh.jpg) Yeah, it was dumb to lock the bar up above instead of finding a way to set it below. I am used to this type of post in /Fitness though, judgement, putting people down, etc etc, thanks.
Yeah, absolutely...I guess that is why I created this post. I just figured that people use these type of machines to help 'spot' them. They are failing, twist the bar and lock it into place. I guess I just assumed it would be safe to lock it into place with no weight. Just want to help other people not make the same mistake. I'm certainly no genius, but people make mistakes/assumptions and it can bite you in the ass sometime. Just hope people can understand that instead of tearing me to pieces.
When someone tells you what they are, believe them. Anyway, I can tell you the amount of guys that have a fwb that turns into a relationship...approximately 0. People have fwb relationships for a lot of reasons. Mainly because they aren't ready for a relationship or they are willing to have sex with someone but would never want to date them. Stop doing this to yourself and move on.
This is the age we live in. Someone is asking for advice on dealing with a girlfriend who is constantly on Instagram instead of living life. Post comments are filled with people looking for tips on how to get more Instagram followed. Pls kill me.
Consider that she gets everything she wants at this point. She married him long enough so she is entitled to a hefty sum in the divorce. Next, she gets your forgiveness and acceptance. Money and complete forgiveness, what more could she want? That being said, it may be worthwhile to hear her out, just to see what excuses she has.
Absolutely...also, the OP notes that he diagnosed himself based on some online quizzes. I don't think that is how this works...
I don't even know if 'dated briefly' is the right term to use here. You went on one date with her. One of the more interesting pieces of advice I've heard over the past several years relates to scenarios like these. It's not a friendship if one of the 'friends' wants to be with the other 'friend' romantically. The nature of the relationship is completely different. Compare it to any of the other platonic relationships in your life and you'll quickly see the difference. If you want to pine over a girl who uses you for friendship and dates other men, that's up to you. I'd use your only source of power here, which is to break off contact. On a side note, the friendship only means so much to you because you're looking through it from a romantic filter, not a friendship filter.
Yeah, I actually had a bit of problem the opposite way. I'm a 34 year old guy and did a fair amount of online dating. I ended up with someone I really like but still liked several women as friends. Then I realized it wasn't really fair to them because some of them still liked me and I could tell they did...and we just had to end up cutting the friendship. Your 'friend' is being selfish as well. She wants your friendship but doesn't want a relationship and doesn't seem concerned about how that affects these other guys mentally. Online dating isn't a good mechanism to make friends.
You seem beyond irate at this point and way too hung up on technicalities. You guys need therapy. Edit: Also, telling your husband to do something then giving him a hard time about it later is not good. That's being passive aggressive which is worse than just being clear with your feelings up front.
I'm a 34 year old man My brother died of Lymphoma 4 years ago My sister is an alcoholic who was a rage monster as a teenager and is now blaming my parents for all her problems. Do what I do, find a partner with a good family and leech on to them and never let go.
I think this is one of the very few times I actually enjoyed a comment so much that I laughed. Bravo!
My girlfriend hit on me, I'm 34 and this is the first time I've been in love. We've been dating for 7 months, keep up the good work.
As long as you're being honest with yourself. Youre at an age where self image and eating disorders are rampant. Losing 20lbs in 2 months, especially to such a low weight is...quite a bit.
I kind of look at it this way. The wedding is about the bride and groom. Whatever you can do to make their lives easier, you do it. I'd personally sit this one out...if he is in the wedding and alcohol is his demon, lord knows he'll be drinking at the reception and could potentially cause a scene. You've absolutely done the right thing by making this decision and you shouldn't have to suffer for it...but I'd still avoid going at this point.
With how expensive education is these days, people absolutely must...must feel that there money was well spent. There is no other way than college. If they don't have that to hold onto, they would throw themselves off the Golden Gate bridge.
You have a wife and 4 children. You've already gotten dangerously close to an emotional affair...then you start texting the same person, AGAIN?! Get a fucking grip dude. Stop. Talking. To. Natalie.
A relationship should rarely be looked at as a 'waste'. If anything, you've learned what you need out of a partner and learned a lot about yourself. Hang in there.
I disagree, I consider myself very emotionally detached and therapy helped a great deal. I don't think you two need couples therapy yet...but I would recommend that he talk to someone to wade through his childhood and let him know that it is ok to feel things and to express his emotions. He's so used to dealing with everything himself, he doesn't know how to be empathetic or to rely on others when he is hurting.
You don't mention therapy anywhere in your post? This is exactly the type of thing that therapy is there for. It makes a huge difference, promise.
Hah, I actually think you're right tbh.
I think it's really important for you to understand that your relationship with your therapist is unique. Not every therapist is going to be right for you. The first few I met with...I couldn't stand. I didn't even understand what they could possibly do for me. Then I met my current therapist. We just clicked immediately and she really helped nail some things that I didn't even realize (mainly, I'm not as weird as I think I am as well as some childhood stuff). Your happiness is probably the most important thing in your life. It's worth meeting with some various therapists to help you achieve that. Also, I'm 34, I didnt start therapy until 32. You have plenty of time and are still a very young man. Good luck.
Yeah, it's still hard as hell, especially with the Alien Hunters DLC. Once you get to a point in the game where you get Psy units or a really good squad, it gets a lot easier. It's just getting up to that point that kills you.
Well, your old friend from high school approached you in a romantic manner...you rebuffed him and now he wants to meet for coffee to discuss the past? If he just approached you wanting to catch up, that's one thing. But it seems like he has a romantic interest.
You're delusional if you think this ends well. Imagine if your boyfriend was in your shoes, acting the same way with a woman he used to sleep with? You'd be furious (and rightly so).
This seems to be a common thread in the Indian culture unfortunately. You're absolutely entitled to feel how you feel...and it seems to be more about how you think she views you more than how many partners she has had. You want to be someone that she thinks is fun, part of her experience of living life and being happy...not just a safety net. If you like her a lot, you should give her a chance to speak her mind though.
Do you think he's just scared about working after living his adult life as a 'professional student' to some degree? I know a lot of people have a hard time with that transition.
My girlfriend wears fake lashes sometimes, it makes her feel good. Know what I did for her once? Stopped at Walgreens on the way to her house and got her more, as she was out and wanted to wear them on a night we went out together. Because she likes them and I like her, that is my focus. Anyway, I hate to say it, but this happens a lot when guys around 30 or so go for college aged girls. They know that they are more trusting and don't have the relationship background to understand what is ok and what is not ok. He knows he can pressure you and try to manipulate you to doing what he wants. I'm glad you at least see there is something wrong here. I don't think it's about hating the eyelashes as much as you doing what he wants. He wants you to not wear the eyelashes...next, he wants you to get your haircut how he likes, next it will be you not working while he pays for everything so he can keep you reliant on him...then you wake up in 10 years wondering what the hell happened.
Absolutely not...I guess you can offer your other daughter 12k for corrective surgery of her choice as well? That would be the closest comparison. Are you sure this is about your husband wanting to give your other daughter 12k or more about him not wanting to spend the money on your daughters eye surgery in the first place?
You're kind of making the situation about you. You said he is under a great deal of personal and financial stress and wanted the weekend to himself. Even if it's just picking up a water bottle, that is kind-of impinging on that agreement....and he probably assumes that it was just a reason for you to get to see him and not give him space (then were further angered, by him not seeing you, which is what he asked for in the first place). Let this be about him. He wanted the space, you agreed to it and now you're mad about it. You should be able to be there to support him but people are entitled to personal time as well, especially if they respectfully request it. As you said, you have your own issues with an abusive father. I did find it strange that you leapt to your boyfriend being an abuser rather than realizing you might be misunderstanding the situation to some degree based off of the abuse you experienced as a child. Feel free to leave the relationship but I am guessing this issue is just as much about you and how you are as it is about him.
How many lives do you get? 5, 10, 15? Wait...1? Life is too short to be married to someone you're not even sure you want to be with. You only get one, make it count.
This is something I wouldn't be very comfortable with either. For some people, it can be tough when their SO is friends with people they used to have a relationship with or sleep with. There really isn't anything you can do about it. It's possible that he may become more comfortable as time goes on...but he may not. Maybe if you could have a slight compromise? Promise to never hang out with them one on one and only hang out with them in a group setting? Just trying to think of options that could work for him while still allowing you to keep your friendships. I don't think his feelings are irrational. I think it's perfectly rational to feel uncomfortable being around ex lovers of current partners. You should also note that you're the one looking for all the sacrifice. That's not the 'adult' solution, that is you simply getting what you want and he, not. Would you be ok if half a dozen of his close friends were women he used to date or sleep with? Really think hard about that. One more note, just because it didn't work out, doesn't mean some of these guys don't hold a flame for you still, especially if you were the one to end things with them. Just because you feel that there is zero interest, doesn't mean it's the same from their perspective. Good luck.
Hrmmm...yeah, that is a really tough one. I'm in a situation where I'm dating someone who is a bit of a local fashion/arts celebrity. She has guys hitting on her constantly and it took me a long time to get over that and fully trust her. Then again, neither of us hang out with our exes or really engage with them in any way. This is something a lot of people struggle with and there really isn't a good solution. Time can help or just trying to be aware of your boyfriends feelings can help I guess. Some of the hardest problems to solve are where both parties aren't wrong but still feel a certain way. I'd still recommend trying to put some limitations on your friendships with these exes though. Whether it be only hanging out with them in group settings or whatever, I think it would make your boyfriend feel better. Maybe be a little more PDA with your boyfriend when around these exes? Just to make sure he knows he is your priority? Hrmm...
You seem really frustrated but I'm also concerned with how you view women in regard to relationships and their value in them. To give you the benefit of the doubt, I feel like you're using your current relationship experience to make a blanket statement about most women in general (lazy, don't make any money, don't contribute enough)...you start thinking like that too often and you're going to turn into a person you and everyone else will dislike (with good reason). You're seething with resentment right now. You need to talk to your girlfriend and make some decisions. My guess, it's probably not only money causing your issues.
I'm 34 and make about 90k. My girlfriend is kind, hosts and plans events to help people be kind to each other and makes more money than me. Thank god there are people like her because a world run by guys like me (and you) would probably be shite. Regardless, there is more to appreciate about a partner other than the amount of money they make.
Is it fake troll post day? At least write an interesting narrative.
This is one of those things that is fairly easily helped by a good therapist. Meet wit someone, save your relationship and your sanity.
Luckily, we're people and we have the ability to change. Maybe get into therapy to find out why you use sarcasm as a defense mechanism? Don't give up on yourself.
Your partner will never have all of the same 'likes' that you have. That is why it is really unfair to put your entire life into a single person. Your relationship should be the most important thing in your life, but not your only means of satisfaction. That is what friends are for (in your instance, foreign films and talking about books). As far as weight goes...that is often part of a relationship. Everyone tends to put on some lbs after a while. Fourty to fifty seems a bit excessive though. I'm a 34m and I don't want children. This topic comes up within the first month of dating someone. It's a pretty big deal breaker and you should have talked about this a long time ago. Since that ship has sailed, feel free to open the discussion by asking him what he thinks about kids and then bringing in your opinion during that conversation. What's wrong with you? Who knows. There is something wrong with each and every one of us in various ways. I wouldn't focus on you being inherently broken. If anything, you should realize that you at least have the insight to understand that you're kind of fucked up in some way or another. One problem I do notice though, you do seem to live a lot in your head. You are telling us things, very important things, that you haven't brought up to your partner at all (and you've been dating 1.5 YEARS!!). You need to be more up front with what you're looking for in a relationship and what some of your deal breakers are. Just a few tips 1. Your relationship should not be the only thing that fulfills you in your life. You can't look at one person to provide your sole sense of purpose and happiness (whether that is through activities, shared interests, whatever). 2. Talk about these 'deal breaker' type issues early on in a relationship. You shouldn't be wondering if he wants kids when you don't after a year and a half. That is not good. 3. Stop worry about how messed up you are. It's unhealthy and skews your perspective on life. You've already been through therapy and seem to have made a lot of progress. Were you honest with your therapist about all your feelings? Maybe it is time to go back again. 4. You're a strong and independent woman (obviously). Don't be afraid to be by yourself and wait for exactly what you want to come to you. Don't feel like you need a relationship to define your existence. When you're happy by yourself, then you're ready for a relationship. Besides all of that, maybe you should try to date a different type of guy if all your exes seem to be in similar fields or just similar types of guys in general. I'm dating a girl who is different from anyone else I've ever dated and I found it's exactly what I've been missing. She is quirky and doesn't take life too seriously...I've always dated somewhat serious women who wanted family and I found out that simply isn't what I wanted. Anyway, longest reply ever, godspeed (or spaghetti monster speed, since you're not religious).
I'm 34 years old and just got over my own shit about 1 year ago, don't panic, good luck : )
Not a very good analogy. When I look at my Facebook feed, your wall posts are put in front of me. Would be more akin to you writing something at home and sliding it under the door of each of your friends or acquaintances....it might just be a generational thing though. I'm 34 and my friends and I use it mostly for posting vacation pics, announcements, invites, things going on in our lives. Maybe the younger generation uses it more for a political platform? Not sure.
I'm guessing it has something to do with how that bikini ass pic looks.
It would be one thing if he had a bunch of partners and was pissed because she did as well. He has had 3 partners and wanted someone with a similar background. That's the difference.
Therapy pretty much exists because of how people were raised as children. So many of our problems stem from childhood and our upbringing. What I learned through therapy is that my parents weren't perfect and that I was holding a lot of resentment towards them. In the end, I can't change them or change what happened. The only thing I can change is myself and my ability to forgive them and decide what role they play in my life as it stands today. You're obviously very young still and have a lot to think about. Just try not to drown yourself in the blame game.
This is an ugly one...it almost brings up more questions than answers. Why will your mom quit working when you get into the workforce? Are you to take care of her at that point and live with her the rest of your life? Is she paying for you school and your entire livelihood and working seven days a week? She sounds like she has a whole host of her own emotional/mental problems and you're definitely being emotionally manipulated. If I were you, I'd rather just take out loans for the last few years of school and move out. Financial freedom is much more satisfying than owing someone who treats you badly.
Oh...I assumed she had been working 7 days a week to support you and put you through school or something. This is just a bad situation that you need to get out of. If you're the one with the loans, I don't see why you don't take a part time job or get some student housing and learn to live on your own. I understand that a lot of this is cultural though...which many of us do not understand the intricacies of.
I've dated someone with a very close family. This will be an issue going forward and your lack of presence will certainly be noticed. Being close comes naturally to them...they'll most certainly take offense to you not being there and genuinely not understand why you aren't attending every time. Then again, every situation is different. I'd broach this subject early. Biting the bullet now is just setting precedence for the future IMO.
Yeah...this just sounds fundamentally broken : ( You can't be the only one trying.
"I shared extremely private secrets of two people and it blew up in my face, I'm irate!!!"
That is a tough, delicate situation. It sounds like your roommate is going to blow up on you if you bring this up (as you describe her). I had a....somewhat similar issue with a roommate years back. I ended up moving out. Unfortunately, you might have to be ready for that as well. Anyway, you have to talk to her, there really is no choice in the matter. It sounds like confrontation is not your forte, but you really have no choice. Wait until he is gone, maybe hang out with your roommate and wait until she seems in a 'good' mood and broach the subject. Good luck...
Absolutely true...just trying to point it out (ex-MMORPG addict myself).
Yeah, I hear what you are saying. I'm not sure if I would bulk reading into that though. Hell, or even TV for that matter (depending on the type of gaming). Most of the gaming addicts aren't addicted to single player experiences, it ends up being the shooters, the MMOs, the MOBA type of games. What is unique about these is 1. People rely on you and you feel a bond and a need to play and keep them happy. 2. The content rarely changes, you're doing the same thing over and over again. 3. It's addictive and provides you with 'rewards' to keep playing and engaging. I'd argue that books at least increase your vocabulary and expand your views on the world. Depending on the type of TV you're watching, you may be learning from documentaries etc. Gaming is just purely for enjoyment and really has no benefit at all, other than the enjoyment you get from playing (which should not be negated). I still game...hell, I took a weekend off to play XCOM 2 and I loved it. After I was done though, I couldn't help a nagging feeling that I really accomplished nothing and it was wasted time (other than what I enjoyed from leisure). I suppose, like everything else in life...balance.
That's always possible. I just looked at the information available and posed a theory. If you look at my initial reply, I just told him to watch out for gaming addiction, not that he was an addict. The remaining portions of the discussion simply talked about different media types, gaming addiction and how they varied from one another. I just noticed someone involved in something addictive (gaming), compared that to my various addictions I've had it my own life and drew a potential conclusion. If you're offended by that, I'm sorry, just trying to have an open discussion.
Yeah, absolutely do this. It sounds like you live in a busy neighborhood so they won't even know it's you thankfully. Enough complaints, hopefully they get kicked out or something...
Your instincts are correct. Also, you mention he finds reasons to touch you all the time. Trust me, if you were a bro, he wouldn't be finding out ways to have his hands all over you.
I don't know if that is the reason you remember things better...most likely you're just better at remembering than a lot of people. It's tough when people pick things up naturally and don't have to study. I don't know how you will be able to make him feel better when he is studying and you're not, because you don't have to, especially if you're in the same classes/program. The only thing I can say is that you shouldn't be in the same classes if this is a big issue for you two.
Do you think it's a jealousy thing or does he feel dumb because you retain information better than he does?
She should at least understand your perspective. I never really approve of doing something to prove a point...but start doing it to her and see what the reaction is. My guess, she will be extremely annoyed.
How the hell did you even end up married to this girl in the first place? It sounds like you kinda liked her, figured you would get married and...maybe move to your hometown and buy a house? Do you have any control over your life and your own actions?
I think that is just more for him and it's not very fair of him to talk to you like that. All this 'its you its me' stuff is always about...you and your relation to 'me'. If he met someone he was interested in again, he would pursue them. It's just all speech to make him feel better about himself (including the reaching out to you to 'comfort'). The best thing he could do for you is go NC...which is what you should do as well. I know it sucks, love hurts : (.
I think people are being overly harsh on your wife a bit. I've had multiple women tell me that they don't want a boyfriend that is in better shape than they are. There is so much more pressure for women to look good and I'm sure she sees that you're literally 'ripped' and is feeling extremely insecure about it. Look at it from her perspective -She met you when you were overweight and she was in shape. -She had a kid with you when you were overweight, she isn't in as great of shape anymore (but still better than you). -She's settled into 'body comfort' with you and is focused on raising a family. Next, the status quo entirely shifted. You are in the best shape of your life and everything is flipped on it's head. This isn't what she thought she was getting into. Is it fair of her to ask you to go back to that lifestyle? No way. But at least try to understand her perspective. What is the solution to this problem? I have no idea. It's not that you just got in good shape, fitness has become a huge part of your lifestyle now and she doesn't want to join in that lifestyle. Just not sure what you can do. Also, your last note is very telling. You're in good shape and you know you would like your wife better if she was in good shape as well. All this insecurity she is projecting IS ACTUALLY CORRECT. She is analyzing the situation accurately and freaking out about it.
Phew! Sorry about that. Meeting someone new is almost always a terrible reason to end an existing relationship. If you're not happy in a relationship, you should be getting out of it for those reasons, not because you met someone new and 'better'. If you want out, you want out...you can't be blamed for that. Don't let it be for some random woman you are infatuated with, though.
Look at it another way...you did this yourself! I can imagine there were times in school where you worked harder when you realized you paid for this yourself and should make the most out of it. No one can ever take that satisfaction away from you. You went to school, paid for it yourself and were out of debt by your mid 20s, that is a big accomplishment...your sister will never have that. Prestigious degrees don't matter in the way they used to, except for certain fields. I think you made the right choice going to a state school and should be proud of yourself. Be happy you have a good family and keep that chin up, good luck!
"Take your time, you have all day" lol, what a dick. That doesn't sound like a very sweet husband. Sounds like money isn't a huge issue for you and you're very aware that he isn't going to change. Get a housekeeper once a week, try to talk to him firmly or get to couples counseling...or as someone suggested, stay with family for a bit and let him realize how much work it is to keep up a house.
Hate to play the devils advocate here...but she is pregnant and will be out of the office for a long period of time and less available with a new baby. Even though this is completely fucked, I can imagine them using this as an opportunity to alleviate them from the situation.
Yeah, I don't know, I might try to stretch it out until you can take your leave at least. I thought I would be roasted alive for suggesting that they might take advantage of the situation because you're pregnant...but it seems you already had some of the same concerns. Anyway, always thoughts to consider 1. Are you using insurance through this job for your pregnancy? 2. Are you ready to hunt for a job 26 weeks pregnant? The doctor sounds very nice but that is probably one of the reasons that he can't deal with the receptionist, seems like its just part of his kind personality. Anyway, good luck : (
I mean, you're FWB but that doesn't mean you have the right to rub other dates in her face...and literally, give her an itemized list of why another girl is girlfriend material and she is not. Jesus, did Patrick Bateman write this?
We don't /know/ he isn't a mass murderer. Besides, it was most likely all in Bateman's head. He was just an elitist sociopath.
I think that is completely 100% ok, not sure why you're getting downvoted for this. That is pretty standard FWB fare...just someone to have sex with while you're looking for someone else or just having fun.
Sounds like he is just one of those types that likes to find someone to blame. You'll never find a way to make him actually happy with your actions. That's not the point...you're not meant to make him happy, you're meant to be a punching bag. The weight/fitness stuff is a bit strange as well. Seems like he is trying to mold you into something? Seems like a very controlling relationship. If it isn't that, maybe he just thought your creative endeavors would come to more fruition at this point. Even if you quit, I'd work on making use of some of the connections you've gained over the years from event planning and marketing (or whatever it is you do exactly) and start to support yourself a bit better. Never rely on someone like this to provide for you, especially begrudgingly.
What in the flying hell is this dude doing at the gym for 5 hours? There is literally nothing you could do for 5 hours at any gym. A bathhouse, maybe, but not a gym.
You're acting wayyyy too needy and starting down the road of self-sabotage. Breathe! Fake it till you make it. Even if you're anxious, don't act on it.
The people are generally pretty good. Something about suffering through a terrible winter, together...brings out the best in people, somehow. I think a lot of enjoyment in life comes from having and not having. Since we have a bad winter, it makes spring/summer/fall all the more enjoyable. Other than that, there is less crime in general, because it's too goddam cold to commit it.
I think there are a few issues here 1. Some people like the padding because the bar sits on their neck, it should sit on their shoulders. 2. Others, just have little muscle mass. You have less shoulders for the bar to lay against and you simply can't help have the bar push against the back of your neck. The only solution I found this is to switch to low-bar squat. The other solution was...bigger shoulders, just took a lot longer to get those : D
I think there is a lot that goes into aging and lifting. 1. Did you take care of your body when you were younger? Did you play high impact sports? You're probably already living with nagging injuries. 2. What is your body type? Do you have a very thin frame with thin wrists and ankles? You might find that its a bit harder to put on the mass you want. Lifting heavy/v. heavy is going to be a struggle with your tendons picking up the slack. 3. Warmups become more important than every, especially in the shoulder region. I'm 35 years old and always warm up on the treadmill for 5-10 minutes and do some fairly intensive shoulder warm ups. 4. Never start heavy, always build up to heavy with warmup sets. 5. If you're trying a new workout or new routine, be careful and ease your way into it. 35-40 isn't old but you're definitely at a higher risk for injury.
His actions are making his priorities fairly clear. He is willing to be around when it's fun and easy and conveniently makes himself completely unavailable when any sacrifice is needed of him. I'm happy you notice the pattern...now it's just up to you to decide what to do with that information.
"Or if she could have married her mother." What does that is mean, exactly?
You can try, but you can't live this life trying to be responsible for the happiness of others. There is only so far you can take someone, unfortunately. At 57, severely overweight, husband passed away and deep depression, your mom has an unbelievable uphill battle to face that is going to be a struggle even in the best of possible terms. She needs to see someone but...as you say, I don't know how to make that happen or how to really make her care about anything, at this point.
I love this post!!! I struggled with this for years my friend, years and years. I always listened to people with perfect proportions try to tell me how to deadlift and always had lower back pain. My current stance is a not quite a deadlift but not quite a sumo deadlift. I'd say my legs are a bit wide but not super wide. I do an mixed over/underhand grip and it's completely saved my back. Feel free to PM me if you'd like a video or if you'd like to discuss at all.
*Checks Username* Seems fitting.
This is really hard to say without hearing your boyfriends perspective or a bit more about your relationship and your interactions. A lot of this is about your insecurities and not about how he treats you, how he treats talk about being married, moving in together, getting engaged. People could probably give you better advice if you elaborated a bit more. If he doesn't ever want to talk about it and is quite vague, that isn't a great sign, generally.
Yeah, honestly, it's easier to be stressed than to work hard, as that is just another form of procrastination/laziness. It's all about the world acting on you and not you acting on the world, I guess. As someone who is kind of lazy at times, I see what you're saying. For me, I guess I just flipped the switch one day. I just decided I was going to work really hard and that is what I did and still do. I get lazy sometimes but I just keep on working away. It isn't so bad, once you get in the flow of something. Obviously I still go back and forth as I'm working now and replying to your Reddit post. This is just one of those things where practice and work are the only things that will change your behaviour. Its annoying and it sucks, but once you tell yourself there is no other option it starts becoming less of a choice and more of a natural habit.
I've done Adderal a bit here and there, recreationally. I can see how things could develop to this level as it really gives you a sense of focus and the ability to work on tasks without distraction. Whether a good reason or not, you're obviously addicted at this point...maybe not physically, but definitely mentally. You could potentially ask your doctor for some safer alternatives to the type of medication you're currently on and see if that makes a difference (something with a long history of showing safety with pregnancy). Other than that...I just don't know what you can do.
No problem, glad it helps. If anything, this also gives you a bit of mental space to try to think about the medication, how it affects you, your perspective on life and what may be best for you going forward. You may decide to hop back on it, but it always helps to just re-evaluate where you are and what you want, good luck!
Good luck, I'm sure he's great : )
Turn it around on her and do the same thing. Watch how quickly her tone changes and how it isn't 'fair' when you do it to her. This is just bullying bullshit and needs to stop.
I've actually had great luck with arm circles to warm up my shoulders. It really made a big difference in mobility and injury, for me at least. I do 30 seconds front, 30 seconds back of small arm circles https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=exYkRLhxgsA and then 30 seconds front and 30 seconds back of large arm circles https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yKrDvv5npOQ There are also a few really good exercises related to strengthening weak areas in your shoulders. My favorite is probably high rep upward palm dumbells. Using the method in the video as well as towards the front. Really helped with shoulder stabilization (which should be a big focus for any lifter, especially as you get older). https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q7weT51EF9M
Yeah, I've been working on some ideas for information regarding lifting at 30-35+. All the information out there, other than an article here or there off of a major site, seems to relate to younger lifters.
It all depends, really. We all age a bit differently, our bodies are shaped differently (proportions, bone density etc.) which all makes a huge difference on being able to lift as you age. I'd argue that most will need to make adjustments while a small amount of people can continue on as they always have.
For sure, I think I've always been mostly about aesthetics than anything, I definitely see your perspective.
"This leads to a conversation where I tell her that I'm mad because she's blaming me for missing something due to a thing I have no control over. I need support, not more pain. She tells me that I'm deflecting. I feel like all I'm doing is try to explain." Regardless of who is gaslighting who or what is going on in your relationship, you have to be aware of how things that you have no control over still affect others, honestly. We need a lot more examples of things that happen in your relationship before we can really give you any advice. How many panic attacks do you have? Are you medicated for them? Are you in therapy for them? What causes them? Have you always had them? Did she used to be supportive but now is getting frustrated as it's not getting better? What was she like to you before you were married? It's just impossible to say without getting more information.
It's funny, as we're both just going off our perspectives. To me, of course major adjustments are needed as that is what I needed. To you, minor adjustments are needed because that is all you needed. I think that is the problem with the weight lifting community in general. Every piece of advice is anecdotal and typically based on personal experience.
I mean, really, you're only going on this Ireland trip to see/sleep with the guy or dance around the issue, let's at least be honest about that, at a minimum. Anyway, sounds like you just outgrew your husband and changed a bit as a person. I think some couples get a bit uneasy when the one partner starts getting in better shape. Their interests change, their self image changes and that can make things uneasy, especially if the other partner is OK with the status quo. "Hey, I'm unattracted to you now because you live life like a mushroom and you hold us back from meeting other couples and you bore me on trips and you're built like a frog standing up." Were you always unattractive to him or did this kind of just change as you got in better shape yourself? There is a mix of things going on here. Some of it seems like it's ego driven, some of it is just being fed up with having to babysit him and some of it is fantasizing about a life you had 5 years ago, before you were married. You have a few things you should consider, at least. Marriage counseling, serious conversation with your husband and/or divorce at the end of things. I'd just warn you that you aren't 24 anymore. You'd find yourself divorced and a single parent. That isn't quite the same as being free and 24 having flings with Irish guys. Things are complicated and you're also a bit older. Your husband does sound like a bit of a bore and I wouldn't tack this up to you just changing your diet and workout habits. It sounds like he is still living a life that might be fun for some, but others would probably find a bit boring, after a time.
Hah, for sure, well I think heavy lifting may still be for you then! So much of what lifts you're good at has to do with your body composition. It's really interesting to read about and it can tell you a lot about why you're good at certain lifts and not others. It can also give you ideas on how to change some of that. For reps...I stay in about the 8-12 range. It can vary a bit as I really try to push myself as hard as I can on each rep. I found that adding intensity and really going for every last rep has helped replace the gains I would get from lifting heavy. I'd say...from 1RM? about 40%'ish.
I don't have a lot of advice for you other than to point something out. Your last relationship was probably a lot of drama. Highs and lows, dramatic fights, passionate making up again and then more fighting/abusing. You miss those highs. To you, those highs are what love feels like. That probably explains why this honeymoon period was so dreamlike for you. It's essentially just four months of absolute high highs and now you're at a more normal level. Even if you get divorced, you need to understand that no relationship will give you the constant high that you're equating with love.
What a bummer...I'm sure she is going to be really sad about it. She is obviously pretty lonely already (no birthday plans) and is probably excited to have someone to talk to who also has friends....but, it is what it is. She doesn't have boundaries and has no social grace, what can you do about it? It's going to hurt her regardless. The easy way out is to just ghost but you might be able to help her a bit if you're straight forward (or at least feel ok about yourself). Sorry, good luck.
You were right...either she really is severely depressed and is a danger and needs help/assistance or she was doing it for some attention or who knows what other reason. By showing that you take it serious, she can get help and it also protects you from her trying to use these type of threats as a weapon against you. You were 100% right.
People get caretakers fatigue, it just happens. If this has been going on for years with no signs of ending and often causes him to miss appointments or other things, his wife is bound to get frustrated. As someone who suffered from panic attacks, I don't think it's fair to equate it to a stroke. With a mix of therapy, medication and mental awareness, you have a good chance of getting to a liveable state. If he is having a few panic attacks a year, that's one thing. Having several a week is asking a lot of a partner to live with. I don't think his wife is looking for him to apologize for the panic attacks. I think she is just getting burned out and is having difficulty dealing with the random times they cause him to miss various events, appointments etc.
I think you're absolutely right. Anxiety is a killer. It starts with you getting attacks in social situations and then it slowly works its way until you don't even leave the house anymore. This exact same thing happened to a friend of mine and his wife. He coddled her anxiety and she went from living with him in the city to them moving to the same town as her parents to her not being able to leave the city at all to her quitting her job for one that is a mile away from her house to her not leaving the house anymore and he does everything for them (shopping etc). It sounds like you're being as patient as you possibly can be.
"We kept in touch by texting mostly. Sending funny quips, quotes, and pictures, occasionally Facebook message, occasionally not. See the thing is, during those private chats, we would talk about infidelity of our past partners" You can't be doing this when you're in a relationship. This is essentially emotionally cheating and is completely not OK. If I was your partner, I would be pissed. "I found out he'd had an illicit affair with another girl at work for SIX months last year after he told me. But they had sex and eventually he was bored and afraid of someone finding out, so he ended it." Replace "another girl" with "me" and you'll have an idea of where this ends for you. He is using you as a side piece and will tire of you eventually, just like his past flings. Try to learn it and be sure to avoid emotionally cheating in the future.
My girlfriend is very magnetic, pretty, charming and works in marketing. She has guys checking her out and asking her out fairly frequently. Most of the time she doesn't tell me about it...because, honestly, I don't want to hear about it and I trust her. I think your boyfriend is getting an ego boost from these situations and wants to maybe make you a little jealous. I think you can honestly get over this with a quick conversation. Just tell him about how often you get hit on, asked out etc but never say anything because you're with him and you don't want him to feel uncomfortable or feel like you get joy from these other people. Tell him you'd like him to do the same...if that doesn't work, just start doing what he is doing. He'll get annoyed by it and get the point soon enough. Alternatively, he may just have a big ego and is full of himself, it's hard to say. If he talks about himself a lot, looks down on others and works in a job that is very "Type A", he might just be someone who thinks he is better than everyone else...which won't change.
I think it will work...I kinda did the same thing to my girlfriend sometimes (especially since I was nerdy when I was younger and now I'm mid 30s, fairly attractive and in good shape)...so I was not used to getting compliments. Once I realized it was annoying, I cut it out. As to your last comment...hmmm, it's always hard to say. I always feel like it's a good indicator of someone's character when you watch how they interact with others. Often, even if someone is good to you now, they'll start treating you how they treat people in general, eventually. Good luck!
Even if he did care, it's been two months, he would probably say that no matter what as he is super into you. This situation would be extremely annoying to me. I don't know if it was something I would get over easily...if ever. Especially since you waited until the visit to tell him. Not to mention that, you'll be hearing crazy college stories about you...from your ex, that you used to sleep with. Any idea what he is going to be thinking about? You sleeping with your ex and wondering what wild stories go along with that.
Jesus, slow your roll lady, this isn't the Notebook. Anyway, that is a list of a million things that you want and that you want him to want. He doesn't and it seems you know that. If his friends don't even know you're dating, I'm not sure what you can expect from the rest of the relationship. It's perfectly normal to want your partner to be intimate with you emotionally and express how they care about you. From your post, it sounds like he keeps the relationship on the down low, doesn't show his love for you, you don't share any interests and doesn't seem to care all that much? The relationship sounds like it isn't working but you do seem like you have an idealized notion of what a relationship should be between two people.
My girlfriend is an "influencer" in fashion and interacts with models and various other attractive and interesting people all the time. In the first year of our relationship, it was a bit hard not to get jealous or worry about...then she has just proven herself worthy of trust time and time again. I hope you're in the same boat as I am. If she has shown she is trustworthy, don't worry about stuff like this.
Hmmm, well, that all depends. As you get older and partner with another human being for the rest of your life, you have to reevaluate a lot of things you do that might make the other person insecure or uncomfortable. Depending on what those things are, you may have to adjust a bit or alter. I'm 35 years old and have done quite a bit of dating. Once I've had a physical relationship with someone, I really never stay good friends with them. It just gets too messy when I'm dating someone and then the insecurities and jealousy comes around. A general life rule is to just put yourself in the other person's shoes. You meet your new boyfriend, he has a best friend that is female. That's fine. You guys go out to visit her, he mentions that she is actually an ex who has remained a friend. How do you feel about this? You get there and they talk about crazy college stories together, do you feel weird about this? It's just a sticky situation, I guess. To you, it's 100% platonic and you don't even think of anything other than that. To your friend, you can never really be sure it's 100% platonic. You can't be sure he doesn't fantasize about you or think about what you used to be at a certain time in your life. I think this is a difficult situation with any friendship that involves the sex that you're attracted to (gay, striaght, whatever). In the end, it just comes down to what you're both comfortable with. Maybe your boyfriend won't care and he'll end up loving the guy. Maybe it really isn't a big deal to him, we're all different with our own perspectives and associated baggage. I will say that your friend being married does help a lot. That would make me feel quite a bit of relief, if I was in your boyfriends shoes. It might not be a big deal at all. Sorry for the rambling response of non sequiturs.
Read her comments in the thread, it might give some more perspective on the situation.
If you're at the end of your rope, I'd recommend at least checking your testosterone levels and consider trt. Mine was very low and I was chronically tired and depressed, trt made a big difference.
I don't know, this may not even be a meeting people issue and more of a small town issue. You can have the various tools at your disposal but you're going to be limited to what's available in the area you live in. Also, your interests seem a bit "geeky"...I spent a fair amount of time growing up in a small town, this does not bode well for meeting people.
I am a bit confused, could you elaborate a bit? You guys both got drunk, ended up back at his place and then he started trying to fool around with you and you put a stop to it? Can you give a bit more details? This sounds unfortunate but not like it is completely out of line or anything.
A new marriage is enough work, the last thing you need to do is establish your relationship and your marriage with her parents in your business all the time. I'd try explaining it to her from a new marriage point of view vs. a budgeting point of view. You'd like to have the opportunity to have the first year of your life together in a shared place, with just the two of you.
"Who better to find a husband for me than those who know me best and love me unconditionally? Arranged marriages have much lower divorce rates for a reason." I'm surprised that you've grown up in the culture and don't understand what that reason is...I'm almost a bit shocked here. The reason they are less divorces are from family pressure and acceptance of the situation, not because of compatibility. Sure, you may have a few arranged marriages that blossom into love, but the vast majority are about building a family than about love or anything like that. You've literally signed up for an arranged marriage when 99% of the point is to find a good partner that can provide and start a family...and you don't want kids. C'mon....
Are you sure he ever cared that much? It sounds like you had to press the relationship in the beginning "My husband and I discussed it endlessly from the beginning- if I was in, I was in, because he didn't want someone coming in and out if his daughters life. " Are you sure he wasn't just looking for a partner to help him raise his daughter? I don't know, this is all a big mess. It seems like he has always gotten his way and when pressed even 1% he throws a fit. I don't think things can get better because it sounds like they've never been that good in the first place, sadly.
I'd just calm down a bit, he never does this and it's just something that happened once. Also, what scared your daughter was the yelling, not as much as him being drunk. Another thing, you're already assuming the plans for tomorrow are ruined, you don't even know that for sure yet...you're getting furious about things that may not even happen. Your projecting your issues with your parents from your childhood onto your husband. With all that being said, yes, he should still go to the event, even if he is in terrible shape (as he promised he would go). I can see you're really mad right now, but just give yourself a little time to cool down and see what happens tomorrow. Still plan on doing everything you were going to do and try to be calm about it.
It's not just about the actual games, its about the experience. It's fun to have an official Nintendo console with SNES games. It isn't as fun to have a list of 2000 pirated games on a Rasperberry Pi that you cycle through. It's as much about the emotional experience as it is actually playing the games itself.
"Whisper Singing" lol, you poor bastard. Can you work from home one day a week? Get your own headphones? Tell her that you prefer to answer questions via chat vs. talking in person? The light at the end of the tunnel can make things worse or better, depending. You know you get to leave the situation, that may make her more bearable as it has a definite endpoint. It may also make it worse because you know you're getting out and all your pent up annoyance is bursting at the seams.
Just a heads up, Reddit isn't very kind to religion, generally. Anyway, I don't know what to say about this. You married a Christian man and are surprised that he is pushing a traditional Christian agenda. It sounds like, before you were married, he suppressed this a bit more because he knew you wouldn't put up with it. Once you got married, he started letting his real self show a bit more. Also, as to his appearance...while he may or may not be cheating on you, he's definitely re-evaluating himself and how he looks. You married a Christian conservative man and are upset that he is acting like a Christian conservative man, I'm just not sure what to say about it.
Wattt, I'm 35 and still go to weddings a fair amount...for people both older and younger than me. Many people don't even get married until they're close to 30 or in their 30s these days.
EXACTLY!!! That is exactly how I felt in New Orleans. In Minnesota, during the summer it's about mid 80s. I'm sweating but no one else is. Once you go places that are actually really hot, you just see that people give in and embrace the heat. Unbutton those top buttons, get some moisture wicking clothes and just go with it.
Sure, I worked for a small business for about 8 years or so. I helped grow the place and really loved the owners. We went from about 15 people to around 40-50 or so over those years. The owner really provided a high level service and a great work environment. The pay and benefits were so so but I loved working there. After 8 years, they sold the company and I moved on after I realized how much I hated the new owners. I make twice as much now, nearly. Businesses are always concerned about employees stealing from them. In my opinion, businesses take from employees constantly (time, extra effort, emotional investment) and provide none of those benefits back to the employees. Everything in the for-profit sector is for-profit. The company will do what it needs to do to make money and they'll almost always try to pay you as little as possible and keep as much for themselves. It's just business. We should all do the same for ourselves. The only weird thing is how emotional some owners get over this....like you owe them loyalty because they gave you a job that someone will pay you a lot more to do elsewhere. It's a weird world.
I'm dating a creative/artist who has a ton of artist friends. We met online dating...I'm not well off or anything, but I do pretty well and try to keep in shape. I guarantee some of her friends look at me like I'm a non-creative who came in and took a girl that one of them should be dating because they "understand" her and I'm just an outsider. To me...I am creative, I have an artistic soul but I just choose to work and make money to help accentuate my life and my experiences. Just because I don't spend all day being an artist doesn't mean I don't have creative pursuits or view the world in a different way. One of my favorite things to talk about is space, physics and the nature of the universe. Anyway, I think this guy is just kind of salty about it. We can all get that way when a partner chooses someone else, regardless of reason.
"I am also afraid that Michael might use the title co-founder later back against me, to claim more shares or influence in the company if we indeed become large." That is exactly what would happen. Anyway, this isn't an r/relationships problem, this is something to talk to a lawyer about. Personally, as someone who has some business interaction, he may have a leg to stand on if he took you to court later. While you are paying him to help setup the company, that's not to say that he isn't performing tasks that he wasn't paid for (insight on business decisions, working odd hours to assist, providing input into the business plan). If you don't have a detailed contract stating his work and what he is supposed to do for your company, he could say that you paid him for "x" when he ended up doing "x, y and z" which heavily contributed to the starting of the company and its success.
You mean you don't deserve this type of heartbreak and you don't want to deal with it. Enjoy your sham marriage.
That isn't a threesome, you ended up having sex with another girl in front of your wife...fuck dude, this is really bad.
It seems like your personality hasn't changed a lot from when you used to be overweight and bullied all the time. I think your quiet nature is simply a biproduct of that. One nice thing about this is that you're probably a lot kinder to people. Men cling to you because you're forgiving, kind, nerdy and attractive, something you really don't find a lot. The other side of that is that you're probably still quiet and introverted because you were taught to be that way. You may even have some weird feelings about it all these years later that a therapist could help you break through and open up your shell a bit. Good luck!
Haha, that is very true, you're right about that. Personally, I keep in shape, use face moisturizers, sunscreen everyday and have decent style and hair and have a decent/good job (Sys Admin type). If you don't care about appearance and are anti social, that won't bode well at any age.
I think if you're a certain body type, you can probably push heavy for a lot of your life. For a lot of others though, it really does lead to injury or other potential downfalls. I'm doing PPL as well at medium weight and high intensity, liking it a lot. Glad its working for you!
She could call the cops and have them take it back and charge you, if she really wanted to. I don't know what to say, I kind of agree what you did, but you had to know this was going to blow up.
I think gifts are ok, within reason. I think having the kids work is what will instill value. Whether that is a part time job, sending them to camp or have them do some manual labor, that builds character and appreciation. Kids that get everything appreciate nothing. You need to have a solid balance of working for what you get but also showing them that you care about them. I know a wealthy couple and they don't buy the kids a ton of stuff (they don't go wanting or anything) but they use their supplemental income to travel a lot. Show the kids different parts of the world and how people live and let them engage in the culture.
He's being an asshole. He knows /exactly/ what pushes your buttons and really doesn't like when you turn the tables on him. He may actually be subconsciously 'getting back' at you for your anxiety. If he feels that your anxiety is affecting him negatively or he 'deals' with it a lot, he may be using this as a way to act out. Either that or he might not be very empathetic towards your anxiety. Since he had a great family life, your anxiety isn't as real as you make it out to be and it's something you should be able to get over, to him. He does this to you because it amuses him and makes him feel in control/powerful. He controls the information and likes to watch you squirm. He would obviously have a hissyfit if you did this to him. I don't know, just start doing the same thing back to him and let him see what he thinks about it. My guess is he will hate it and either stop doing it himself or throw an even bigger fit. I don't really know what else to say, counseling would help, certainly but it seems like he doesn't feel like he is doing anything wrong and would probably be indignant about it.
I don't see any solution where you end up still being friends with Jerry. You don't seem interested in pushing the envelope that far so you're really stuck with the status quo. I mean, he went and asked Tom if he was invited when you said you'd rather he not come, he. is. coming. forever. Jerry is pushy and you seem like a sensitive and kind human. If Tom seems ok with him as well and no one actively dislikes him and you're not willing to make a big point out of it, this is going to go on and on. I'd focus more on just making peace with it if you feel there is no way you'd break off the friendship with Jerry. You got out Jerried here.
"She fell for a guy who was a typical player and got embarrassed by him." You're just salty and think you're a good, safe, honest choice for her to make and she should be happy to date you. It's clear that she just isn't into it, for whatever reason. Someone who gives a reason and offers no alternatives, repeatedly...has already given you the alternative (i.e. not going to happen).
Hmm I see, does he tend to show a lot of emotion in general or is he a fairly calm and grounded person who doesn't get that emotional about anything?
Yeah, I have conflicting feelings on stuff like this, it's a hard part of life. Some people are just more attractive and enticing than others, it can be hard when you work hard but you're quiet, shy, maybe not traditionally handsome and you own a home...I don't really know what the good answer to this. As a guy who is in his mid 30s who ended up getting better looking as I got older, I remember what it was like when I wasn't very attractive. I feel like I just generally have a lot more options now, not due to anything I've done that well (other than keeping in good shape and taking care of my face/hair/skin etc.) The other side of this equation is that you probably want someone who is conventionally attractive as well...which just points out the sheer irony of the situation. I can only say one thing really, you have to try to not be bitter...even if it's justified. It just eats you up inside and people tend to not like that trait in a partner. Just do what you can, workout, get a good haircut, try to find some clubs to join (hell, even I went and found a dungeons and dragons group online, doesn't matter the activity, just needs to be social). Get some well-fitting clothes and start working on yourself and the changes will come (as well as more potential partners). Good luck.
Is there anything that you don't like that your boyfriend loves? Imagine that activity and him finding a woman that loved it as well and they had many other similarities. Imagine them hanging out all the time. Does this make you feel weird? Insecure? Just keep that in mind. The friendship is fine but you just need to dial it back.
idk, she quit her job to take care of him for two years and battle cancer. I know a lot of people say that the money was left to whoever it was left to, but I feel like she deserves it and needs it the most, frankly. My brother died of cancer at 29, it was a terrible time. Sorry for your loss.
It's possible...I mean, you do know your family the best here. It could be that your dad was in denial and never changed the form because he never wanted to come to terms with his imminent death (I know my brother was in complete denial). What are your honest thoughts on the matter? I think this is something that requires a lot of soul searching and using your gut to come to the right decision. Money is a tough thing. Regardless, it's enticing to want to keep it and better your own life. Then again, I'm sure you wonder about feeling guilt about his wife and the people living under that roof. I'm sure they probably won't be able to afford living there without assistance? The other thing is...how much contact do you want with your family, generally? Do you really care about them and want a good relationship? If you do, keeping the money is going to probably ruin that. If you don't and never had a great relationship, I'd just pay for the funeral, maybe give the brother you like some help and keep the rest to invest or pay down your own debt or use towards something fruitful.
Sure, if you want the easiest answer, it's to just split it evenly across all the siblings, that's the only way you survive this with the relationships in tact. That way its equitable and people can't fault you much (other than the step mother, who may be annoyed that she isn't getting all of it). Also, your step mothers word isn't that great of a thing to count on. What happens in five years when she is mad at you and tells everyone you got 50k from your dad and kept it to yourself? You can say goodbye to your family after that. If you're worried about keeping your relationships, in whatever capacity they exist today, you have to split it up.
There was JUST a post a week ago in /r/personalfinance from a guy who inherited his stock portfolio from his dad, valued at 325k of Intel stock. He was worried about having all his eggs in one basket. Hopefully he got moving on that...
I think that is why most people make the jump. Same goes for Denver in a lot of ways. Having good weather is pretty hard to pass up. Quality of life has a price tag associated to it, just the way it is.
I posted that same info in the Intel post and got downvoted, no idea why. Anyway, could be coincidence but probably not. If they had emails going back and forth with Amazon and Google, it was a known issue, probably at the highest levels. It does seem weird that he would take that large of a risk though. Hard to say if it was innocent or a planned dump at this time.
I think it's the simple fact that they have 99% market share. Where do you go from there?
People have much weirder interests than door knobs...
Yeah, people that have constraints around a boy or girl or what type of child they should have or what their child should do or what their child should wear or be like are having a child for their ego and nothing else. Those are the worst parents. They don't want a child, they want an extension of themselves, hopefully an even better version, in the flesh. Disgusting.
I was going to say it's pretty cold here...but then I saw you're from Chicago, so it's a fairly lateral move in that regard. I work downtown, live in NE Minneapolis, a good area, getting a bit expensive though. Has a mix of arts and business and interesting people. Don't move to North Mpls though, that is where you'll find the majority of crime around the cities takes place. It's generally safe but things do happen. I'd say Duluth is generally more outdoorsy than Minneapolis. The people that I know that live up there get involved in sail crews, lot of hiking and snoeshoeing and various other activities. Of course those exist down here, but I just don't see as many people getting into it. I'd compare the type of people to...maybe Denver, Austin, Seattle...pretty chill, accepting, overall nice. Good investment in the arts and music, pretty good place other than the winter...well, and the summer is too hot and muggy...but you already said Chicago, so six of one half dozen of the other.
I've visited and lived in one of those places (been to Seattle about 10 times). I've always felt the vibe was similar, maybe it was just me. As Denver begins to move into a larger city with more and more and more transplants, I tend to find it to be changing a bit more. That's just my two cents though. "If you're a minority or even if you're not you may find Denver, Seattle to be much more welcoming than Minneapolis." I'm not a minority so that is hard for me to have a good perspective on. We have a fairly low minority population and I could see why that would be a detraction. If I was a minority, I don't know if I'd want to live here...but I'm not sure if it's about how I would be treated. Then again, I'm looking to move back towards Denver at some point regardless. Too cold here.
Not really, nothing would ever get built that people don't want then. Like everything else, there is probably a good balance somewhere. "I was here first" is not a good enough reason for the Native Americans and it's not a good enough reason for someone with a house. That being said, if someone built something I hated in S. Mpls by my house, I would be annoyed as hell. That is the reason why juries are selected...as people too involved have no objectivity. Things have to be built somewhere, just the way it is.
I’m sure this could never backfire and cause the dog to attack another kid running up to give her a hug or when they are play wrestling. Source: Had a German Shepherd as a kid and it attacked our neighbor when we were wrestling for fun.
I get it, to some degree. That being said, it should be adjusted to 10am-1:30pm. If you are going to have this type of procession, at least work with the public on it and don't tap into it during rush hour. You know some people are already going to disagree with such a large service for a public servant (where many other servants to our country get far less), at least be reasonable about it. All this is going to cause is more anger. The cops are angry because motorists are pissed off when they're trying to get to work. They feel like they dont honor a public servant. Motorists are pissed because they couldn't just set the time an hour later to work with traffic and not be dicks about it.
This is going to be tough to hear, but a lot of people that lawyers and doctors date through heavy schooling are not the people that they end up marrying. In those stages of life, they want someone who is flexible, kind, patient and willing to put up with their crazyness and then maybe spend some quality time together once in a while. Once set in their career and on their path, they often adjust their priorities and find someone else more suited to whatever they want. I don't know why this is the way it is, but it happens often. I'd recommend you go through with your plan to give him an ultimatum and let the cards fall where they may. I don't think we should talk you down this ledge, I think we need to give you a push over it.
If he is being creepy, I'd put it at a very low percent. He hangs out with other people from work outside of work, you seem friendly at work and he either wants to hang out with you or has a crush on you. He is probably seeing mixed things as you ignore his texts but then seem very bubbly and outgoing with him in person. These are mixed messages. I think you just have to be a bit more blunt with him, unfortunately.
Idk, my answer was always pretty simple..."I'll know when I find it". Relationships are complicated. You can think you know what you want, but you honestly probably have no idea what person is going to be the best for you. That's half of dating.
I actually completely disagree. It's incredibly difficult to change behaviour, especially compulsion, as it's so deeply inlain. A lot of the best solutions that we come up with are ones that accept human nature and don't try to fight it. Even looking at self-driving cars. They know our compulsion is to simply take the wheel in a dangerous situation. Therefore, no wheel in the car. It's much easier when we accept our failures and build around them, rather than trying to force conditioning that probably won't ever work.
You don't understand, by expanding our lifespan unnaturally, that is accepting our natural state and behaviours and building tools to circumvent.
Sure, that is more for aesthetics and if this did hit the market, it would have side effects and doctors would use it for people who were very overweight. Then the body building community would buy it online and take it anyway, pretty typical cycle I think.
Well, first things first, humans need food, we come out of the womb eating food. We do not come out of the womb smoking cigarettes (maybe in Eastern Europe, but that is another story). You see, you made my own point and you don't even realize it. If we had a pill that allowed smokers to smoke without any of the health risks, wouldn't we want people to have it? No more diseases from smoking and medical costs. Wait, don't we want to figure out why people smoke and why they started? Sure, but when the symptom is worse than the cause, you SHOULD treat the symptom first. If you're able to get obese people to healthy weight even if they are still binge eating, you remove the public health crisis in one fell swoop and then can focus on the eating problem. What you'll probably find is that when people lose all the weight with a pill, they don't have to do the hardest part...actually losing the weight! They would just have to maintain what was already lost and starting at that point is a much larger motivator than starting at 600lbs. When the symptom costs the country hundreds of billions of dollars, yes, you treat the symptom.
I'd argue that is an acceptable trade off. You remove the public health cost at a minimum and then people still have the same mental issues but at a healthy weight. Why is that not a better alternative than not having the medication? Truly bizarre.
Hmmm, that is a complex statement. By not holding someone accountable, you're accepting their actions, this is true. However, by holding someone accountable, you're forcing the view on them that they can change if they want to. This attitude presents a lot of challenges when behaviour stems from abuse or addiction. The person themselves probably believes they can stop if they want to...they want to but they just can't. That is the cycle. The million dollar question is, where is the middle ground? Who knows. Holding people accountable is important but also giving empathy and trying to help people is probably more important than that. A lot of action comes from empathy and understanding. I think a big problem with America isn't accountability, isn't no accountability, it's empathy.
and that is why you give them this pill, so their lack of ambition doesn't cost us several hundred billion a year.
I think it’s actually good that they do this. It shows, in real life, someone killing an animal to eat it. If we’re going to go to the grocery store and eat magically prepackaged meats, we should see things dying.
Perhaps exporting folks like yourself is a good start. Oh wait? You mean you were there first so you should be able to stay? Oh, of course you should.
That’s how it should be, honestly. You pay for climate. Best climates have the highest price tag. We live in a capitalistic society. If you want something nice, expect to pay for it, housing included. If you can’t afford nice, then you move somewhere else and suffer, like I am, in Minnesota. That being said, I do make good money and am considering moving to a nicer climate like Denver and I expect to have to pay higher prices to live there. To outsiders, this argument is incredibly obvious.
I think it's totally fine. Build mills or take the economy hit and build a power plant or two. I feel like that is a fun balance thing. If my stone production is a bit down, it's a lot to set it at a heavy cost for 160 power...or I need to find more areas for mills. That's half the fun of this entire game. Calculating and difficult decisions. There is a reason they give you that pause button, because you need to consider carefully.
Hmmm, I'm not sure to be honest. I know if you destroy your upgrade buildings, you lose the ability to upgrade...I know if you can't pay your soldiers, they'll leave (or have their upkeep, like oil platforms). I'm not sure about food and such. I think you probably can destroy them, just lose the ability to build anything further. I wouldn't get into that habit though as that is something they would almost certainly change down the road.
I kind of like tower defense games...I played one or two back in the day, but they often feel so one dimensional and only have a single layer of strategy (force the enemy to take the longest path and the most damage). This game tossed that all on it's head by having zombies react to sound and attack whatever is in front of their face first, focusing their attacks on living creatures. That way you can try to cattle them and force them into a choke point, but they aren't going to simply run straight down a murder hall while you annihilate them. They've actually done the opposite. Create large walls to spread the mass and have the firepower lining that whole wall. Chokepoints are obviously still key, but they are doing things differently.
You see, I kind of disagree with this statement. At the heart of it, you are right. Upgraded buildings provide more resources. That being said, land is free, if you're willing to take it. Your ROI and investment in 100 tents vs 30 stone houses is night and day. Not to mention when you throw in upkeep. Then you have less space for mills and all of a sudden you are taking -15/-15 resources from a power plant. That doesn't work well because your base is too small and you're not mining enough. You can win with a smaller base, it's just going to be a lot harder. The money you're using to upgrade buildings is better used upgrading defense and preparing for the onslaught. Scout your units, find good chokepoints that give you a lot of space, hold those chokepoints while you expand your town. Upgrade to stone walls asap and you're in a really good spot. Have a smaller base and expand slowly and you're very likely to have a very long game that will end on day 93. If space is not a concern, the cost for basic buildings is much much much cheaper than building upgrades. You should be looking at building upgrades as a negative in this game. You only upgrade when you don't have the space. It's not a benefit, it's a negative choice when there is no other space to build cheap buildings.
