what is really surprising about the stolen bases allowed is that the pirates are about league average in throwing people out, yet they still run.
Been there, there is a company in the NW New York region that does the same thing. They tried to map the drives with group policy but one out of 5 people it failed (guestimate) so everytime they changed something we'd have 50-100 people putting tickets in and/or calling "OMG my Stuff is gone!" after so many times of hearing "why does this keep happening" all you can say is Server Admins.
she must've typed google into Google.
apparently one of the updates slowed alot of people down. [this video](https://youtu.be/0KP522js6Co) may help?
first: you pay for 120M but your wireless speed may not be able to handle it. Try hard wiring in to the router see what your speed is. Wire in to your router disable your wifi and try it. you are also using an older core duo and probably intergrated graphics. If it is doing it on HQ videos try lowering it to standard quality. see if it stops. Also try it in a different browser. seems silly but worth a shot.
oh yeah.. i have a couple that are maxed tokens that i just quit heroics on because i couldn't trade stuff in for anything i wanted... i'll have to check this out. Thanks for the heads up!
i used putty tray quite a bit. worked nice.. most of the time just use straight putty now though
quick google of the monitor doesn't show an HDMI connector or speakers? different/newer model? I'd first try using a new HDMI cable. Also maybe try a display port instead if the monitor supports it? Also possibly a new monitor power cable/brick.
its not out of the ordinary, you would expect it to be faster but those router usb storage solutions are often pretty slow. If you are looking for something a little more reliable/faster check QNAP and Synology if you don't want to build your own
I found [CDBurnerXP](https://cdburnerxp.se/en/home) (watch out for the crap ware install) to work well. Set it to burn at a slower speed usually makes a difference (don't know why) you may also need to try and fail to see which discs work best for your player.
Sounds like the way I would do it with out buying a 3rd party utility.
for WZ and ranked queues in the US? I would say Harb.
works fine here too.
[Synology forums](http://forum.synology.com/enu/) are extremely helpful under package manager I, i believe it tells you what it uses there and you can uninstall packages you don't want (photo station, video station, note station, Anti-virus, etc). I doubt you'll save a whole lot but might be worth it for you. Also fewer services = less possible problems :-) I would definitely keep file station though and get DSFile for your phone/tablets, really handy if you need to do something but are too lazy to walk to your PC ;-)
turn off the pc. push and hold f2. turn on pc. once in there, I don't think you will find what you are looking for though. it is set to a minimum of 64MB but will dynamically scale up to a point when needed (i'm not sure what that is) edit: * [bios link](http://forums.toshiba.com/t5/Other-Satellite-Laptop-Models/How-to-enter-setup-for-a-Satellite-P755-S5390/td-p/241914) * [vRAM Link](https://forum.toshiba.eu/showthread.php?64711-Satellite-P755-S5215-Games-detect-64bm-VRam)
bookmarked.. thanks!
well yeah... you just replace the stick. generally speaking when someone said hardware repair they mean swapping parts to make the larger whole work rather than the individual part. who has that kind of time lol (as i say posting to reddit from work lol)
that's why you have a good phone system that rolls over to the next available person or if by chance your short staffed to a cell phone. If a L1 is going to be away that long for whatever reason then coverage should be worked out. If a L1 gets to a situation where they need to be updating firmware or whatever else out side of system swaps and quick 10 minute things then they need to contact a L2 if it is beyond their scope If you go to the emergency room and you are bleeding out and it would take 3 hours for the level 2 nurse to get to you, you'd be dead. mean while that level 1 nurse could have stitched you up.. at least enough to where you can get by until the 'experts' come.
I'm pretty sure display port 1.2 can also get you 144hz in addition to DVI-D like /u/OSPFv3 said
whoops i thought i saw it did. my bad.
yeah forgot about Enterprise. they actually make sense.
not really there are not any bonuses for maxing out a skill but there are some that could be useful for ~~reusables~~ consumable . Cybertech for grenades which give you a decent AOE stun every couple of minutes. Freaking awesome in WZs, void star when everyone is at the door and Coast when everyone gathers in the boxes :-) You can make other ones but seem to be the more useful ones. BioChem for making stims, but not as useful now because stims are cheap.. you could use med packs too but the WZ ones are better
counting the beeps and comparing it to [BIOS Beep Codes](http://www.computerhope.com/beep.htm) should help you determine where the problem is.
[all you need to know about that here](https://www.microsoft.com/OEM/en/licensing/sblicensing/Pages/downgrade_rights.aspx)
that isn't what i meant by reusable... consumable was probably a better word to use... correcting, thanks!
almost all self service tools will require some sort of setup at the admin level and may require changes to AD. here is one to get you started [Nervepoint](https://www.nervepoint.com/en/) but there are many others. googling something like Active directory self service should get you on the right path. Just be aware if 90% of your calls are password resets you maybe automating your self out of a job ;-)
[WinSCP](https://winscp.net) if all you need is SCP [MobaXterm](http://mobaxterm.mobatek.net/) if you need a more complete solution (terminal, scp, xterm, etc) EDIT: link fail
if you cannot access the parts of the game with preferred that you like. Subscribe.
try [MSI Afterburner](http://www.majorgeeks.com/files/details/msi_afterburner.html)?
I don't think it matters which companion you use. Their influance is what matters. Using your highest influence ones when you need more performance from your companion is about all you need to worry about. I could be mistaken though, HK and Treek maybe an exception?
when you are on wifi use the local ip instead of the public. (use the 192.168.x.x or 10.x.x.x instead)?
pretty sure that Ubuntu has a default firewall. try going in and doing a: * sudo ufw status see if it is running. also you can do a * sudo iptables -L see what (if anything) is listed there.
A+ isn't worth much, but not totally useless. I don't know about now but 15 years ago when i took mine it was to prove that you had the knowledge equivalent to 6 months experience. You are better off taking a entry level help desk job where they teach you everything you need to know as you go. after a couple months you'll have the base knowledge you need, make money getting the knowledge and real work experience to help you find a direction to go if you want to continue in IT. If you got someone paying for you to get the course and/or test then sure why not.
i've seen few that didn't have the option. There have been quite a few reasons to disable it, enough to warrant the option too... Almost no one needs to worry about though.. if you do need to.. you probably bought a CPU with out hyper-threading anyway ;-)
now days not really, though there still maybe some fringe apps/servers that perform better with out it. Hyper-threading doesn't add more cores, it uses one core to do different types of instructions. So if you are constantly sending the same instructions to the core it will only use the one hyper-threaded virtual core. Now days hyper-threading, OS's and applications have evolved a bit so its not as of a big deal at all but in the early days of hyper-threading disabling hyper-threading or a CPU with out hyper-threading would give you better performance in those situations. MySQL was a good example of the hyper-threading debate.
nvrmnd you got it :-)
best news i've heard today. forget Cpt Worf, I want Cpt Garak!!! ;-)
Unless who ever manages it is decent at it i would use a 3rd party service. Google does it but don't think its free. If you only want a few mail accounts then [zoho](https://www.zoho.com/) might be a decent option *edit* for free.
was fun, had the scorecard bug out before but usually fixes itself somehow.
oh, i never played outside sub. that is a kick in the nuts.
maybe they're having a hard time seeing what is on your screen from the security cameras?
remove anything that has data on them, ship them or take them with you. take a piece of tape and secure all the fans so they won't spin when being moved. Or put a little piece of card board between the fins. If your cables are not zip tied down, then do so. you can also get some anti-static packing and fill the case as well if you are still nervous. personally i would ship it via what ever is a reputable carrier for that country.
Gifts and convos on the ship. Pick up gathering skills that include rank 5 gifts on multiple toons if you can. :-) Or just buy legendary off the GTN if you got the money to blow.
i'm in NY/PA area, play Harbinger if you want the fastest pops. usually under 100 ping unless atlanticbb is taking a dump.
yeah agreed, It shouldn't happen but it does, If other things start acting funny then start to dig deeper into it otherwise i wouldn't worry too much.
might be better off in /r/sysadmin
oh yeah got ya... they probably would've had a chance if it wasn't 4 sorcs. Did get a bit cocky and was throwing out dots which almost got me killed but forced the merc to back of and heal some. before i hit record we had quite a few droping out .. but they where all healers lol
you can get pvp stuff on fleet in the combat area. You can trade in crystals in the supplies section. i'm not sure on the gearing for pve but probably running flash points getting good enough to do hard mode flash points and then on to Ops.
as with your other post on this topic... probably wait it out save up and let that short sale get a little more history. for right or wrong both banks aren't buying into your extenuating circumstances. * bank 1: *intent* to refinance, but might not be able too because of .. well more extenuating circumstances. * bank 2: you really don't want to do this unless you can have it mostly paid off by the time the adjustment hits. Like you said, you are not unhappy where you are. You are 'saving' 700 a month, keep doing so. once that perfect home shows up you'll have more money to throw at it and the 'bankers' may care less about the short sale.
first disable shadows one of the biggest killers of performance. second check your drive performance as /u/bstr413 suggested. Unless you are trying to run at 1440 or 4k the cpu, gpu and ram is more than enough, i've run it on less.. but i did have an SSD. You have enough ram to run Unleashed. [here is a bit older thread of a 8gb user](https://www.reddit.com/r/swtor/comments/3lk3rq/where_can_i_get_swtor_unleashed/) If you have a halfway decent SSD though, don't bother.
enclosure = the box the drive is in. [link to show how to set best performance](http://www.techsupportalert.com/content/how-optimize-usb-drive-performance-windows-7.htm)
while your system *should* be fine to run at 1080p it is starting to get dated. Personally if you have a 'few extra' bucks (i know right?) I would get a 240GB ssd, consumer versions can be found for less than $80USD easily and you can take it to a new pc fairly easy if you upgrade in the next year or so. But if you cannot afford that.. try unleashed. if it helps, maybe upgrade to more ram and put larger amounts of the game to the RAM disk. For a while I ran the whole game out of a RAM Disk, while it wasn't really much faster than an SSD, the frame rate was much more consistant than running off of a western digital green drive. ignore the nay sayers about it only helping with loading times, while normally they would be correct, the SW:TOR engine is really bad and loads stuff from disk way too much :-(
yeah i skimmed that, thats why i said its being talked about again ;-)
maybe someone jumped as the elevator was going down? someone did that at work and was stuck in there for hours...
you would probably be okay with a 650W 80+ Gold, but going with another 750W to cover small upgrades/additions later not a bad idea. CPU can take upto about 140W and the 970 about another 170W. Pretty much find one on newegg that has good rating. then google it see what the 'expert' reviews look like and you'll be set.
but it is totally legal for others to tell you how much they make.
assuming he did not it might be hard to prove he didn't. I'm not sure where the burdon of proof is on these cases.. but... Since he is the only IT guy AND most likely has admin access to everything.... Since the new IT people now have all the passwords and he is the one that fired them the previous year, they will probably be less likely to help him determine who opened said files from where and when.
Good luck!
the vm window lost focus
I'm pretty sure the capital gains is anytime you sell it though 'i think' (not an expert) the amount of the tax rate will change depending on how long you own it. If you make a profit, that profit will be taxed. If you you sell for 250,000 and after all fees and such you make 45k you will be taxed on that 45k at the capital gains rate, for your situation. of course talk to a professional in your state that can give you more details.
IMO mercs are fun to play... i'm more of a pvper but when i'm doing the weekly heroic 2's i love doing them on my merc.
that sounds about right for this game for what you got. Try turning down shadows?
yup as others said, the PVP weapon and offhand do not come with expertiese crystals. if you don't care about the color you can usually find them fairly cheap on the GTN. under the item mods go to crystal and either search for war hero or select expertise as a stat. The pvp vendor by the mission terminals on fleet also has a couple crystals. putting crystals in will give you +41 expertise each (82 total) to get your total to 2018.
during an active season.. i agree but in preseason.. meh.
oh yeah heat seekers as well.. duh that is like the big hitter duno how i for got that thanks /u/firefox4312
PSU's degrade over time... usually not a year and a half.. but they do. If you are putting a lot of load or if it doesn't like your house power that could also speed that up some. If you where already near its limit, small degradation may cause problems. Seasonic is generally pretty reliable though.
pretty sure Javascript error, is this you're only client with this version of iMail web and the only one having issues? could be that this version of imail webclient cannot handle xhtml mail properly.... possibly change the zendesk template settings off of xhtml? upgrade iMail web client? (if available) I skimmed their knowledge base (ipswitch) didn't notice anything perhaps shooting them an email.. or maybe get lucky and have a rep set this :-)
lol all but one or two.. the RDP someones computer while they're driveing.. i dont' get... their laptop in the car wtih them.. or while they are out of the office and you rdp in to their desktop to .. uh.. fix things. that one yeah. but change some of the names like cox -&gt; comcast -&gt; windstream -&gt; atlanticbb -&gt; MCI then yeah :-)
sounds like a traffic ticket waiting to happen lol.
probably not blocking, if they where you wouldn't get them at all. They might be doing some QoS (Quality of Service) giving lower priority to torrent data. It is also just as likely that of those 100 seeds (or whatever) they each have their upload limited to a certian amount total. In you torrent app. you can try upping the total number of connections allowed. It may cause other issues on your network/system so up it a little at a time to find a happy place. Also try [Testmy.net](http://testmy.net) for a more real world bandwidth test.
&gt; I invested what I can afford to lose... Amen to that.
&gt; I've heard immortal Juggs in Dps gear are pretty terrifying unless you use a 60 token or are fast leveler, they will probably be nerfed by the time you get to 65. but currently yeah.. pretty rough in pvp.. I like actually being a tank rather than trying to top the boards though... the dps immortals can still tank pretty well though.. just not for me.
yeah mara's get under my skin more than the imortal's
Immortal was(is?) intended to be a tank spec, typically they are to do less damage than their dps counter parts and have high mitigation of damage for them and their team. It just didn't work out that way and bio ware will probably attempt to correct that in an upcoming patch (when i don't know) I like to play the classes the way they are intended, but have nothing against those who don't.. well until they kill me with it then i might silently cuss about it
open the email then click the down arrow on the top right (next to the reply arrow, print and the in new window arrow) then click show original. this will ever you the headers for the message.
as /u/randolf_carter said, it is hard to beat teamviewer. But be aware that you (or your clients) will eventually have to pay for the business version, sounds like in your case it'll be about $800 I haven't gotten around to it yet but [Remote Utilities](https://www.remoteutilities.com/) also looks like it could be a fair option?
in order to upgrade the CPU you'll want a new motherboard, which would most likely require new DDR3/4 RAM.. assuming you want to get reasonably current. Going much higher in video probably won't give you much of a boost with your current hard ware. (but would some) Upgrade the whole thing ;-) You do not mention what hard drive you got, Assuming you don't have a solid state drive, upgrading to a SSD would probably be the biggest performance increase / dollar and reasonably easy to transfer to a new system.
PVP balance is fairly good right now. I'd say the biggest exceptions are Immortal jugs in dps gear and maybe healer sorcs only because Op and Merc heals are fairly weak in comparison. I've noticed quite a few concealment ops lately and when there is more than one on me.. forget it. stun locked and dead.. and if i'm not they run away and come back a little later before my CDs are back little pricks... Of course i might have just gotten with a bunch of good players rather than an OP spec... (good players over come their class imbalance)
LOL there is a person on Harb, Punky-brewseter (or something along those lines) that is an agent (no AC) and level 65 and PVPs. Used to hate playing with them... but it appears they actually have some idea what their doing at least.. probably more than most. I'm going to level with a friend sometime reasonably soon and not pick an AC, probably scoundrel or trooper just for the fun of it.
I know i gave up on mine. was very good when 55 was max at heals but now.... very easy to keep myself alive but everyone else is another story... other than stun lock classes the only thing Sorc heals has to worry about is double nets and lag (missing bubble)
well merc/mandos need help, they needed help since beta and i don't see that changing any time soon. HPS though.. really isn't a good indicator. if your targets live.. then you are good :-)
different doesn't always, and usually doesn't mean better... unless you are a merc. 10k hps vs 5k hps. if the dpsers are only doing 4k dps it doesn't make a difference. but if you really want to nerf sorc heals.. remove the auto bounce from roaming mend/rejuv would probably do it by itself.
actually i can argue that. A DCD is something that pretty much always mitigates or reduces damage to you. Phase walk doesn't always do that. Phase walk is not really a DCD it doesn't reset or remove from combat (assassins have away to do that though through their other abilities), it doesn't mitigate any damage it just hopefully gets you out of range for a bit. If it removed you from combat OR made it so they cant find you instantly.. yeah i'd agree.. would be a handy dcd.. but it doesn't.. more of a quick travel feature. If use properly it does help a bit though allowing you to LOS.. but so does holo traverse and other movement abilities other classes have. Operatives do have away to stealth and make the attacker re target them. *EDIT* you can get utility for phase walk though does stop leaps which could be handy. static barrier is about equal to the operative shield only it can bubble other people, it is not a DCD it more of a mitigation and counted as a heal, you can get the bubble self healing.. but if you are a healer.. you don't You can also get the bubble stun which is an iffy choice because it adds resolve.. depends on team makeup. (i get the stun just because of all the operatives lately) DCD no.. but can be useful but in most normal cases not really, though if concealment stays this popular.. might be a requirement :-/ the self heal, almost all classes have a self heal so don't really count that and really doesn't do a lot of healing unless you spec in to the utility which if you are heals, you don't.. well you can if you are going for a hutt ball spec (for the pull damage mitigation) You got the force wave but nearly all ranged classes have a knock back. If you want the root you have to get the utility.. which you practically have too. It is not anything special UNLESS you get the utility for root. Force speed just removes snares and roots and requires a utility point to do so. does not stop damage or make it so you can dodge everything unlike operative roll, still the utility point is required for pvp. people still can leap to you and damage doesn't change unless you happen to get round a corner. All that said, Sorcs have one real DCD that they don't have to spec into with utility points to make it a viable DCD and it is on a 3 minute cool down that can disabled by mercs of all classes.
reliablity. My OVH $3.5 has been down multiple times due to a network outage of some sort. They say it has been fixed and shouldn't happen again.. but the first time took many hours to make them realize it was their problem and not the VPS after they wiped my VPS cause it worked for them just fine.. (i was okay with that cause i had nothing on it yet anyway) and then again it was down for better part of a day. I don't have DO currently but seems like their reliablity is good/great and their vps's scale really well. IMO go with Digital Ocean if you got something important, if you don't have really anything important and just playing round/testing the cheap OVH VPS is great.
i'm getting: &gt;Service Unavailable &gt;HTTP Error 503. The service is unavailable. on their website.
I'm pretty sure those beeps indicate a PSU or motherboard problem. first step make sure the PSU doesn't stink like burning electrical stuffs.. Verify all your power connections are secure (reseat them as well) and while you are doing that verify that your caps havn't popped. If that still doesn't work try a new/different known working PSU And if that doesn't change anything it is probably a bad motherboard.
its only 60m not half way across a map. in any arena almost any class can be back on you very quickly. the biggest exception would be Civil war when you place it in mid and you run to snow and use it to go back to mid. but really.. 4s is all that really matters everything else is just a time killer ;-) Juggs, PTs, Assassins, ops all can be right back on you fairly quickly cause they know exactly where you went because it doesn't clear the target. All the times a Sorc has used phase walk while i'm attacking them.. i know exactly where they are because i still see their recital and in my FOV though i may need to turn around if it is behind me, and they are still in my target so if they havn't LOSed me i can still shoot or leap to them. I never lose the target, ever never ever. I can also tell when i use it the enemy doesn't lose me because i can see their target of target.. even if i'm LOSing them they can sprint to the corner and leap or whatever their abilities are. Assassins can though with their stealth/shroud abilities combined with phase walk. generally speaking i don't tab target.. i find the target i should be killing and kill it while maybe CCing and taunting in the process.
If you are a heal sorc in 4s and you phase walk away while your team is still alive .. you just solved a problem for the other team and they would be dumb to follow you. one or more will be dead by the time you get back. If they're not you are playing a bad team (or team makeup which happens). 3/4 dps on one player can kill almost any spec in seconds with out heals. (other than maybe sorc bubble and that can be disabled by net) say you phase walk away and its down to 1v1 in an arena vs my jugg.. i'll know where you are, but won't care because you blew your CDs and won't be able to out live me with out your walk/bubble in overtime. phase walk has its place no doubt but no way i would consider it a DCD as it doesn't mitigate any damage, the only two saving graces are the ability to by you a second or two and quick travel in WZ back to nodes to prevent caps. you can consider it a DCD if you wish but only goes to show how weak sorc DCDs are.. other than bubble which is crazy good to make up for all the weak ones.
every now and then i try it when i'm bored. i haven't gotten anything than rep tokens in a long while.
Harb - imp side is pretty well populated, though i've been seeing more pubs lately
for Healer sorc: **Skillful:** * Sith defiance - *required* Flat 3% damage reduction * Empty Body - *almost required* 10% healing received * Sap Strength - Reduces damage by 25% after electrocute but I change this depending on the day and how the queues are going. I played with the overload heal for a while was kinda cool but not as useful. the haste heal one.. um cool on huttball **Masterful:** * Emerson - *required* Force speed breaks slows/roots * Electric Bindings - for Overload Root OR Suppression for 25% Damage reduction every 45 secs again depending on the day and group makeups. **Heroic:** * Force Mobility - *required* mobile innervate * Backlash - For Stun OR Shapless Spirit for stunned Damage Reduction by 30% OR Force Haste to speed up the only DCD Things that directly reduce damage and only effect you I consider DCDs If phase walk did remove the persons target on you like a split second stealth or something I would find it far more useful for 8s because then they would have to re-target Just wondering... would you consider HoloTraverse a DCD? I'm thinking about leveling my op to 61 just to try it out. *edit* formatting
I recently started taking new medication that has put by blood pressure up so high it is screwing with my vision. I got a call from one of our offices across town, I decide i'll just go over since *EVERY ONE* was having the same problem and not able to login. I work in Western New York... we got quite a bit of snow this past week (though nothing like last year) I get in the car and start down the road, sliding around and watching others being stupid like they never saw snow on the road before and getting mad at them shot up my blood pressure and now i can barely see. Out of no where I see something run out in front of me and it was big like a large bear or small car... so i slam on the breaks and start sliding off the road. Luckily I have enough experience with sliding that i'm able to control with out being able to see hardly at all and the road is straight i get stopped and jump out of the car cause i know i hit whatever jumped out in front of me but don't see anything... turns out it was just my eyes screwing with me and there was nothing except for parked cars and some scared kids walking to school... i got back in the car doing the "I meant to do that" walk. I was almost where I was going so I get there find out that *EVERY ONE* uses the same computer. I turn the caps lock off and and slowly drive back to the main office.
I'm loving Jugg in PVP. I don't do the dps route though and have my HP at ~85k buffed. Endure Pain + a WZ med pack is a 35-40k heal and unleash is another 8.5k on top of enraged defense. My defense/shield and damage are a bit lower than 'stock' pvp tank gear but the self heals mostly make up for it. If i have a healer on the team forget it :-) All the CC and control is awesome as well. PT PVP tanks are cake, not quite as invincible but the extra range is helpful and still pretty good. Assassin, i don't know haven't dont much with them in QUITE a while.
that is why you click to sort posts by newest not the 'hottest'. edit /u/3Vyf7nm4 beat me to it :-)
/u/williamfny and /u/whirlwind87 i'm a bit south closer to the PA border though i did work for the 'resort' chain for a short while.. think you now which one ;-) I'm from farther south closer to Pittsburgh.. they say lake effect there and they get a few inches.. they say lake effect here it's 1 or two feet and hardly anyone bats an eye. sure was system shock the first winter lol.
you can try /r/hardwareswap just read the guides and rules.. Good luck.
use the takeown command from cli. &gt; TAKEOWN /F [PathToDirectory] /R /D Y and then the ICACLS command &gt; ICACLS "[PathToDirector]\*" /reset /T you may want to skim these pages just so you have an idea what they're doing first [Takeown info here](https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/cc753024.aspx) [ICACLS Info here](https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/cc753525.aspx)
no problem :-)
This, your PSU should already have one or two (possibly more) if it is reasonably newer This particular card require's two 6-pin PCIe power connections from your PSU, the retail box from PNY should have one adapter but you should avoid using these things if you can help it. If you need two of these adapters then you probably will want to consider upgrading your power supply as well
Once i disabled music i haven't had any issues. but I've only posted a few that had any voices outside of normal encounters. With music enabled I had some that where fine but not playable in some countries (North America and Europe mostly)
sounds like a fan off balance (usually dieing) or rubbing against something. Find the offending fan and replace it and hope it isn't a GPU or power supply fan. open the case turn it on and listen. when you think you found it make sure no cables are rubbing on it.. if none... put your finger on the middle to slow/stop it for a second. if the sound goes away you found the problem one replace it ;-)
yeah as others have said your psu should have the needed cables and they should be labeled PCIe
if your not comfortable with it by all means don't do it, but you will want to have someone take a look at it and atleast find out if it is a critical fan or not. It probably stops doing it because of the rpm stepping. the cooler it is the slower the fan will spin. the hotter it gets the faster. Not all do this.
Yeah, more of away to get some seasoning to decide if it is 'for you'
You'll want to find out what file(s) are being requested during those times. you'll need a log analysis tool to pick through the access_log/error_log. been a while since i've used cpanel but i'm pretty sure it has something like [Webalizer](http://www.webalizer.org/)?
There are very few jobs where they let you work alone with out at least minimal training or at least a phone number to call if you run into a problem you don't know about. Especially in the Junior roles. If there is a job you might be interested in.. apply, if you get an interview.. great and worst case you find out what you need to know to land such a position in the future. Best case you end up with a job and get more experience to put to your dream of running a DC. If they don't even call you, don't worry about it.. they probably had 100 resume's put in for it
THIS... just last week i had to drive across down in a snow storm to turn off a caps lock key. Caps and Num Locks are evil ( though at least windows now gives the warning though no one reads it) If no one is around have them type in her password in the username box to see if it looks correct.. if it doesn't come up correctly they'll probably notice.. say thank you and hang up ;-) Also check for silly things on your side.. I could be wrong here but unlocking account won't enabled a disabled or expired account (someone correct me if I am) so check those as well. a long shot, also check the allowed logon times. Don't worry about exchange work one problem at a time once they is able to log into her workstation everything else will probably start to fall into place. Try logging into another account on that machine see if it works. remember, never delete accounts unless you are positively absolutely 100% sure that account is no longer needed and when you are sure.. ask someone else to confirm. Learning what SIDs are on the fly because you didn't know any better is never fun... so if part of your 'solution' is to delete and create a new account.. don't.. it won't work out as you planned ;-) ** edit.. was a him not a her.. corrected i think.
if you are just using them for domains and not hosting... godaddy is okay. I loved namecheap when they first started getting a bit bigger and they started changing their web UI and I don't like it one bit. I let my remaining domains expire with them or moved them back to godaddy. Nothing wrong with name cheap, but if i'm going to have a UI I don't like regardless of where i'm at i'm going to stick with the one that has been reliable for me. Really though, nothing wrong with namecheap other than my personal preference for their website and online tools. though the one /u/cutalltheshit mentions in namesilo.. it looks like their tools might be exactly what i've been looking for since the namecheap ui revamp.
[this link on syno forums](http://forum.synology.com/enu/viewtopic.php?f=15&amp;t=69371) may help. enable terminal setup a cronjob to run the wget command :-)
your internal domain is domain.com? you'll need to go into your DNS server and add/change the A or CNAME record for WWW for domain.com to point to the correct spot.
It is simply stating something has changed since your last login to those services. Unless you are paying for a static IP, your IP probably changed. generally no big deal.
If you are doing illegal things, expect bad things to happen. there are plenty of quality free AV programs. I like Avast free because it is 'fairly' light weight and you can tell it to shut up in 'Game Mode' This [Antivirus tests and Reviews site](https://www.av-test.org/en/) will give you a decent idea which ones to go with and which to avoid.
the following law suit from investors... "why are employment costs so high? Go hire some Chinese kids!" LOL sarcasm but probably has a hint of truth. *edit* auto correct fail higher/hire
yeah even if.. CTRL+U ;-)
I don't know about their services but the pricing only seems good with who they compare it too. There are others as good as if not better ASO, Godaddy, etc for similar pricing. If their service is decent.. their shared hosting plan the $3 doesn't look too bad.
in that case just don't put any newlines (like no \n's or \r's) in your echo out put. you could also try echoing alot of \t's before your html which to a quick view source would show a blank page with just a scroll at to bottom. again like others have said.. simple dev inspection tools often included in browsers can nullify these tactics.
&gt; oh you didn't pay attention? Have you tried turning it off and on again? No? try that if it gives an error call me back with the error. they almost never call back unless it is an actual hardware error "boot drive not found" or something.
yeah i know the feeling. around me lately.. the persons who does most of it just doesn't have the time.. they eventually get to it though.
you are only covering the cost of the hardware not the time, labor, warranty work etc. there is almost no difference between the 4590 and 6500 in the real world desktop user.. and the haswell will not [crash when you run prime95](http://microsoft-news.com/intel-skylake-bug-fix/) ;-)
do they have cable TV? if so check with the cable provider for the area.
I have found its never a good idea to assume what data the user needs especially if you are unfamiliar with their business. I would create a new share on the new server called \\server2012\oldserver\data (or whatever works) and copy all the data there. Update the old server users to use the new server with the same data everyone else is using. create a short cut to the 'old server' share for the old users and have them copy what ever data they need to the new server share as needed. after a set time frame disable the old server share (leave the files though) This way ALL the files are on the new server in one of two places, easier back ups and allows you to decom the 2008 server. thats just probably how i would do it with out seeing it.
To me it would depend on the importance of what is connected to it. Would i put it in a situation where my production servers? maybe not, and certainly not with out a fail over. Would i patch end users into who primarily use the network for pandora? Sure would. Most things you'd get back on refurb are probably in good enough condition that they would work just fine in both situations.. i just wouldn't want to explain to the bosses why we couldn't do business because I cheaped out and used a refurbished device with essential equipment. as others have said... make sure you get something alittle more than a DOA warrenty
Yeah i was thinking they same thing when they where talking about the latest version of IE. **IF** IE is even installed on those machines i really doubt there is anyone web browsing on them let alone having internet access.
Thanks for your input! hmm.. seems way to low even for a SB era. I guess the Dual monitors in a laptop is way to Niche to find much of a market though. at that price i'd probably just take the drive and ram out of it and scrap it lol.
yeah almost assuredly the 32-bit windows. backup what you need and reinstall windows to the 64bit. Even if it doesn't fix the WoW problem (it probably will but I havn't played in a long long time) you will have access to the full 16GB ram which over all should give your system better performance... among other nice things :-)
~~what happens when you plug the acer monitor in to the HDMI port? you should be able to get over 60Hz over hdmi.~~ Monitor is only HDMI 1.4 not b. and make sure you are using the far superior 970M
find it odd that one would scam with an account they seem to actually use.. of course maybe that was the plan...
HDMI 1.4b can do 120, but it appears the monitor is only 1.4 (no b) which still makes my comment invalid. in that case you're of course stuck with DVI-D/I, other suggestions are the way to go ;-) sorry for the confusion.
[Synology FAQ](https://www.synology.com/en-us/knowledgebase/tutorials/493) how to reset the passwd. read it all before you do anything. EDIT: [Synology Forums](https://forum.synology.com/enu/) are a great place for help as well.
you could probably get by just by replacing the fan if you can find one.. but might as well get a new heatsink/fan combo as well. the CPU itself should be fine, i'm pretty sure even AMD has over heat protection.
yeah in that case save your money, find a cheap cooler and when you got the money for an upgrade .....
not enough information to tell you.
man.. that sucks. our level one help desk makes more than you hourly.. I'd probably consider changing jobs.
look up the pay scale charts for your area.. salary.com glassdoor.. etc and start there. Generally not a good idea to ask friends what they make... you might put their job in danger... some employers don't like it (for better or worse) again, take into account if you like your job or not.. and also any benefits you might get. also if you can make them think it is their idea, but also don't let them think they are doing you a favor. Unless they're politicians... people are generally reasonable. Until they prove otherwise go with it :-) That's just my opinion though some others might have better advice.
the virtual server is actually just port forwarding. say you wanted to go do your public ip, we'll say your public ip is 1.1.1.1 (just making something up) and have a web page come up of a pc in your home and it's ip is 192.168.0.23. under inbound ports you would put 80 in both of the boxes format would be TCP in the Private IP box 192.168.0.23 (the IP address of your web server) in the local ports you would also put 80 in both the boxes [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kwKoLyojRL8) might help.
don't be afraid to shop around and never be afraid to ask for more than their offering sometimes you'll get it.. usually they'll say no but maybe send you a free mug or something ;-)
yeah when my first raid broke i bout crapped myself lol no data loss but enough to make me realize i'm effed if it was just a little worse. my NAS has a pair of 4tb externals doing nightly backup that i swap out every so often and put in a secure undesclosed location
And those can also be removed or locked down as well. A few things will no longer work though and that would be okay. some finacial systems did this jus to reduce attack vectors.. so I'm told not really my area. But regardless... even IF they left it on the systems it really wouldn't be use able beyond the system anyway... or shouldn't be. Edit : phone failure.. I give up correcting... deal with it :-p
what /u/starting said and a switch suggestion. just for home stuff i'd probably get a 16 port netgear unmanaged prosafe. (just in case future expansion) [This series](http://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16833122139) has proven to be reliable to me an if for some reason you get a ~~dude~~ dud the warranty is fairly easy or if for some reason it falls out of warranty cheap to replace. I like the metal body and that it is easy to mount to a wall. If you are looking for more professional you are looking for a rack, patch panel and switch as well. edit: having a hard time typing the past few weeks between speeling,gamer and automobiles its horrible (lol yes those errors are ~~international~~ intentional) edit 2: not international, international edit 3: i give up.
changing the computer name won't change the folder your profile is stored it. [here is a thread on technet](https://social.technet.microsoft.com/Forums/windows/en-US/dbf6dff3-a706-4047-8dbf-58b879a9af0b/how-to-rename-a-default-user-directory-after-changing-computer-name?forum=w7itproinstall) that will walk you through it.. (scroll down). I have to admit LOLed and felt a bit guilty too :-/
I use [webmin virtualmin](https://www.virtualmin.com/) which is free but if you want more options you can buy professional. It is a little more basic but gives all the options I could want and my sites are not tied down by my control panel.. i can remove or break the control panel and my sites will still function.. backups/restores are not overly proprietary so i can take a backup, unzip it and find my DBs, Web files and DNS info in import them into something else pretty easily.
really... you are not that far back, the base system should be fine for what you want/need with a couple upgrades you should be fine. Upgrade your video card: GTX 970 for 1080p stuff or a GTX980/Ti(?) for 1440/4k video Upgrade your ram, get a second 8GB stick for a total of 16GB and put you in dual mode. Get a 512GB SSD and set your current HD as storage. they way things are going you probably have a good 2-3 more years of quality use out of it. If you still decide to go all new.. check /r/buildapc
poor installation, too much weight just from the picture.
thanks bookmarked
IMO: significant practical experience is better certifications if you are just looking to learn something new or getting into a new specialization then it might be useful. Then again, if someone else is paying for them get all you can ;-)
LOL yeah intel had a couple duds in there between P3 through Core2Duo (on consumer end anyway) I'm pretty sure even the Raspberry PI can out pace the P4s in many if not most areas.
I cannot speak for all devices but the handful I have dealt with the factory reset wipes the data and puts it to the factory default settings. I don't think it is easily recoverable ether but I've never tried.
something like [THIS?](https://youtu.be/oUUH1o56888) on my QNIX bought around the same time. I got a new DVI-D cable and new power brick... seems to have corrected my issue. Though I can tell it is starting to go on me.
i'm sorry i don't remember exactly.. I talked to the guy i bought it from (in Korea) he sent me a new brick.. it worked better but still did it from time to time, i messed with Catalyst settings which also helped I switched DVI-D cables,upgraded to a 7950 card and somewhere along the line it quit doing it all together. I'm not sure what order i did them in :-(
probably my favorite trek movie. Decent humor and hit me at the right time of my life.
take your service tag to [dell support](http://www.dell.com/support/home/us/en/04) make sure you have an extra video card. Some laptops do but most do not. If you do get the drivers from this site and reinstall. If you do not have an nvidia card and just use the integrated graphics like most.. then uninstall the Nvidia drivers they're just wasting space. (just looking at device manager pretty much says you don't doesn't hurt to double check on dells site) most dell pcs have the dell diagnostics.. i'm pretty sure most the laptops do too. reboot and when the dell splash screen pops up tap f12 until it says something like preparing one time boot menu in the top right of the screen. once the boot menu opens down arrow to diagnostics and run them. Make sure it is pretty well ventilated like not sitting on a bed or blankets and also have your power adapter plugged in when running them. The diagnostics generate quite a bit of heat on laptops and suck a lot of power. If the diagnostics report an error call or chat with dell support and give them the error code and validation. If anything is loose in your pc it would probably be a fan of some sort and that can cause over heating and all kinds of "random" issues.
* don't care really as long as actual spam is filtered * this is kinda an issue but search works too * cause flairs are important * and they still are important * Link to that thread here? update the current wiki? I don't care about the mod drama i just want free loots, does the new sub provide that?
you can get them with a discrete card.
side question why are they stripped? get a rubber band and put it on the tip of your screwdriver to fill the gaps in the stripping. but you probably want to try one of the other suggestions before opening it.
make sure the ticket system supports tabbing to the next field and have the tab order set accordingly
well.. yeah.. Just like a desktop only smaller and "easily" removable or swapped out.
there is a difference between between Share and NTFS permissions, check both. Add yourself and probably administrators to have access and then deny "Everyone"
IF Adam Warlock does not make an appearance "soon" it doesn't matter what happens in MCU.. they screwed it up ;-) Namor would be a great movie.. as long has he has some pants. Infinity Guantlet needs to have an aftermath movie that includes the Tribunal, Celestial Chaos Order Infinity, etc..and if possible the Galactus and then the formation of infinity watch which should be a decent series in it self.
yeah i think that was the problem i was having. seemed to work with xp and maybe 7 pro but once i did 8/10/server 12 R2 all options would got to 8/10/R2. But its been quite a few months i don't remember specifics. I don't have MacOS to try.
loki female buys you another win per week in alliance battle. If the uni is going to cost you less that 1250 crystals do it. the 10% more stats is usful in many modes, the freeze only really helps in AB,TL and BW. freeze doesn't effect WBs. If you are not getting the uniform on sale then i'd probably get the mega ticket. when Uni's go on sale again (at 750 crystals or less) get it then.
i'm not sure but that title might be a bit misleading to some
Thanks! i was wondering why my s7 was performing about the same as my s4 active I'll give this a try.
Since you already have Stark backing i'd just run with that see how it does for a few days. If it works out for you then don't worry about it.. unless you have billions of gold you don't mind throwing away ;-) i'd probably shoot for power of angry hulk though
I only got Proxima, got her at 19/19/19/20 going to get first gear to 20 as well. I got the BAM for it but i'm also putting some into fuzing so when i get thanos in a couple weeks i'm not dropping as much gold at once (less of a system shock) My alliance level is only 15 so i need all the SCD i can get. 20 on the first for more damage though it really isn't needed and the other two because it was an impulse. If i had an alliance lvl 24 i would probably stop at 17's as it is by far enough damage for any WB. the last gear i got a old crit chance. My special gear RNG kinda sucks so unless i need more inventory space i'm not rolling any more until the next update. (though i got a pretty good one for loki, cold damage + stun resist + on hit shield) i got SG and EM unlocked but only 1 star.
its possible but i've seen plenty of others as well.
that isn't quite what i'm talking about. Lets say Bob, high school drop out but hard worker is making $8 whopper flopping. Jenn who finished High school and became a certified uh.. welder after another year of schooling is making 10$ Minimum wage goes to $9, does Jenn get a raise? of course not.. a least not for a while and by the time it evens out we're talking raising the minimum wage again.
I swear to the founders if i was working there... there would be no ~~piece~~ peace for him or any one around. I'd be sitting there doing paper work mumbling things like "It is the order of things" or going to the fridge for lunch.. "it is time for the white".. when a new prospective client asks why they should get a Loan from us.. "Loans are life!" or why the payments are do on the first Tuesday of the month.. "do not question the founders"... oh i'd be canned so fast.. but it would be worth it...
&gt; For what it's worth, well trained welders make MUCH more than $10 an hour. in my hometown COL was very cheap a couple years back... 10$ and you can live pretty well.. well trained people with just a bit of experience at most any job generally started between 8-10 depending on who their family is ;-) But it was just an example i pulled out my butt so... don't hold me on to the profession i picked because i happened to see a welding trade school commercial on tv last night :-) EDIT: oh and it took about 2 years or so before it started to catch up in my area last fed min wage rise.
If those employees are of the same skill set, general responsibilities experience and training, i probably wouldn't have much of a problem either. But if the 'super' has 20+ years experience, a load of training and certifications and some young kid out with an associates degree comes in with 6 months of intern experience... i would be upset if they made the same as me. BTW: 15/hour for a supervisor role at a tech company sounds a little low. You maybe underpaid depending on your area.
someone with IaAG or stark backing and has energy/all damage main stat
SG is pretty squishy. I dont'h ave her gear where i probably should (lack of mats) but just with my wasp at lvl 54 i can feel like she's going to be more useful to me with the possibility of going to t2 later. Her shield is great and with a good SCD% could probably out last many. Grimm still seems good if you can keep her alive though but her Uni burn proc doesn't seem to work on WBs :-(
your gear at lvl 20 and all rolled to SCD should give you around 2000 SCD which would be around 12% (more or less) Marvel Zombies #2 give SCD as a second stat Loki Agent of Asgard #17 give SCD as a second stat I think there are one or two more i just don't know them and the rest of the stats after the first two are fairly random. I have a bit of SCD on each of my cards. giving me a total of 27% for me: * 12% from gear * 27% from cards * 5% from team up with phil * 0% from Alliance (only lvl 15) * total ~44%
don't use any tickets on anyone you can farm unless you have a lot of disposable cash. after you have loki, silk and carnage look to hulk buster and she hulk (she hulks leadership is awesome on male days) ronan is easy to farm, war wolf is too but takes a bit.. Thor is only 5 bios /day + rift.. i wouldn't fault someone for using a regular rank up (not mega) on Thor if they had Lincoln already leveled up :-) angel and singul.. can't be farmed really but they are not all that great at wb IMO.
IMO: Unless you are an electrician or monitor/tv repair man i would suggest replacing the whole monitor. Even if you replace it with a $300 monitor it is probably still cheaper than your home/health insurance deductible :-) (in other words: better safe than sorry) But you could probably find that whole board on ebay and replace the whole board instead soldering chips and such
you'll have to be more specific when you say crash. does your website go down? can you still remote into it? when it crashes is your drive space full? how much bandwidth is it using around that time?... etc. Has any one done any stress testing on the hardware? Check your IP against RBLs see if their listed. Reason, if you got attacked it was probably some sort of worm to try to send spam of somesort. If it was recently listed then yeah probably hacked ([mxtoolbox can help here](http://www.mxtoolbox.com) Since you disabled a WP plugin and it seems stable.. it could be either that plugin is doing the job and is overwhelmed or something updated and broke it. sometimes (most of the time) i really hate word press ;-)
Additional Cameras and DVRs with a handful of dummy cameras. If execs pitch a fit about the cost remind them of the cost of ram, your time to troubleshoot and install and the users time waiting on a slow PC and you to fix it. You can also setup a PS script to check the how much memory is installed and run it on your network and check it against what should be installed. here is the cmd: &gt; Get-WmiObject -class "Win32_PhysicalMemoryArray" -computername COMPUTERNAME ify ou got a list you can also do.. &gt; gc computerslist.txt | Get-WmiObject -class "Win32_PhysicalMemoryArray" -computername $_ I think that's right anyway. should give you an idea of when/where to look at your recordings and what ever other security you have (door locks?)
makes me think of the Star Trek TNG episode "Up the long ladder" &gt;Odell: "My God, Picard, the place is a bloody death trap... lightning bolts falling from the ceiling! Just what the hell was that thing?!" &gt;Picard: "Automated fire system. A force field contains the flame until the remaining oxygen has been consumed." &gt;Odell: "Ah, wh-wh-what if I'd be under that thing?" &gt;Worf: "You would have been standing in the fire." &gt;Odell: "Yeah, well, leaving that aside for the moment-what would have happened to me?" &gt;Worf: "You would have suffocated and died." &gt;Odell: "Ah, sweet mercy."
right on, but if you don't have the ports on the DVR and have to buy more/new DVR then thats where the dummies come in when you are on a strict budget anywho
i ment those are all red flags.
AHCI is what you want you'll get slightly better performance out of it but it will also depend on what else is going on. Just make sure to look up what all you need to do to change it to AHCI it isn't just a bios change if your OS is already installed
not necessarily. Someone said one of the engineers said they will sometime break with standards if it doesn't break their page and increases performance.
have you seen me claim other wise? if you have please point it out. I could be the sketchiest mo-fo in the the world.. or i could just be someone who just doesn't do many transactions... so could this guy.. EDIT just noticed [deleted] not surprising... that's not sketchy at all LOL Anyway OP GLWS
SG
IMO: SCD until cap (alliance bonus, cards, etc) you are maxed then switch to crit rate or crit damage which ever you need more.
the basic interface is pretty easy to navigate coming from 7, won't take much to get used to. and office 13 works fine i assume almost any app compatible with 7 would work with 10 but i'm sure there are probably a hand ful of exceptions.
i'm not sure, there is a list of them floating around somewhere though.
shes not bad, her 6* damage is pretty awesome and her abilities keep her on the move (which is sometimes bad too) but she is also pretty squishy EDIT: I'm talking about her with uniform that makes her 6* much better
found it in my bookmarks apparently i had it before lol https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1AQJnIaUaR-uhJMjOqv_oPp83zco2YMpxOJQrG7SDHIM/edit#gid=1370521497
If it has slots for both it shouldn't hurt. Ideally you want matching sticks but really in most cases the average person wouldn't notice.
I also have proxima and antmain t2, i'm currently working on wasp as the other t2s i'm not interested in or just not good enough to put the resources into. I also have EM, SuperGi and BD unlocked but i'm only three, maybe two weeks away on thanos so i'm saving most of my BAM (minus 800 for wasp) for him.
the down arrow means it lowers the time between the use of an ability. the two stats on the top you cannot change, they will only go up as you upgrade them. the abilities below you can change by spending gold and it is based on RNG. Click the change option, select the skill you want to change and then hope you roll skill cooldown. 168 pts of skill cooldown = 1% over all with cards, gear (the cloak), Alliance bonus, etc.. you want to have ~42% total skill cool down or there bouts for loki. hopefully that helps
then you have other issues to work out ;-)
does it also bother her that she probably was on a road that someone had a car accident on and died? Serious home buyers probably wont' care... now if he died because it was in a bad neighbor hood and someone killed him for his TV or from radon (sp?) or something like that.. then you could have a problem
you wouldn't run this on the end user computer... i suppose you could if you had powershell installed on every system but really if you where going to do that there are other ways with out scripting (wmic i think?) An admin would run this from their desk and they could script it to run on every pc that is turned on in the network.. scripted. Just because i was curious i ran it on one of our departments here.. worked just fine. Granted there are probably better more complete packages to monitor inventory and hardware.. but this is quick and fairly simple until one is in place.
Phone calls, hardly ever use my phone as you know.. a phone. I have no idea what my ring tone.. i think the last time i heard it was when i picked it, and it isn't on silent lol.
i would think sfc /scannow would do it? but probably would be just about as fast to reinstall depending on the computer and if you have any data to back up first
run the cmd as admin and then run sfc?
that just means it isn't able to get an IP address from your DHCP server, usually this server is your home router. If there is a problem on your home router or if the DHCP server isn't functioning a restore of your system probably wont fix your issue. If you are using your home wifi through that same router, chances are that is fine though. you can also try: &gt; netsh int ip reset c:\resetlog.txt and make sure your network connection is set to get an ip through DHCP (automatic)
would be good on just about anyone, but preferably someone who has a fairly high Crit Damage, could use a bit of extra defense AND if you swap in this gear won't push you over 75% dodge. I would consider PM and Elsa from my roster.
yup, been like this since i can remember. just run circles around it and then right after he uses an ability jump to his side and smash him then use the 2 or 5 star i think to leap away.
