In Spain and Portugal all the children stay up late and eat dinner very late with the whole family.
This is quite normal in Japan.
I'm a woman, and I hate shopping. My husband has three times more clothes and shoes than me.
not intentionally
That's not hypocrisy. The fact that something is appropriate/necessary in one situation but not other doesn't make it hypocritcal.
You know what is worse than licorice? SALTED licorice. You can buy it in Finland. Jesus :-O
Bloody Tepco
I have this the other way round: for example, I dream of being bitten by a tiger, or having a surgery, and I am (in the dream) in the great pain. When I wake up, I feel fine. I thought that maybe there was something - a stomach ache, let's say - that would trigger that kind of dream, but no, nothing. Sometimes I can feel the pain/bite for a while after I have woken up, and then it disperses. So, I think it can work both ways: sometimes the body sensation can produce a dream, and sometimes a dream can produce a body sensation (BTW, I also often have sexual dreams, in which I am very, very aroused. But when I wake up, I am not aroused at all, the feeling was just in a dream).
Evil Boy is my favourite &lt;3
I lived in Poland during the Cold War, and I was not aware of it happening. I was a child, and then a teenager, interested in Guns n'Roses and some boys from my school, and completely oblivious to any political stuff going on around me (and I rememember the Marshall Law &amp; soldiers etc.). Only when I was in my twenties I realised I lived through the communism and social transformation: when it was happenning, I simply didn't notice.
Yes, Triumphant George says this to all newcomers, jumping dimensions is a functional metaphor.
speak for yourself :-P
My family live in three countries - how can we possibly avoid flying? You cannot travel on a train over the ocean to see your parents ... But I agree that ferries and train journeys can be fun, although can take too much time.
But where? In the middle of the city?
I've been to Kaikoura! Haven't seen any whales though :-(
Wasn't it a turn to agriculture that screwed the planet and our health in the first place? I am seriously asking, and I am veggie (vegetarian, NOT a vegetable)
Me too! But I was diagnosed with Ehlers-Danlos.
you see Matrix!
http://thoughtbrick.com/meditation/tummo-meditation-depth-guide/
Ehlers-Danlos ...
Me to! :-) I also have EDS :-) unfortunately I do have some other problems associated with it.
wow
how?
:-)
I've seen that film
Get interested in me! I would like to go to the West Coast!
I have the same thing with eyes and colours/tones. Thought everyone had this.
Spiritual leader for sure :-D
that reminds me - when I meditate I stop breathing for long periods of time; no idea how, or why
http://www.reddit.com/r/Glitch_in_the_Matrix/
http://www.reddit.com/r/Glitch_in_the_Matrix/
enjoy the sub, lots of interesting stories there :-)
Good luck on your journey.
Take care :-)
Weird indeed.
Don't lose your hope either, all the best to you! &lt;3
Agent Smith, in particular.
In many cultures you can actually legally marry your first cousins, I wouldn't count it as an incest really.
Maybe it didn't grow suddenly, maybe its whole life span just flashed before their eyes.
oh, what a cutie :-)
I din't have celiac disease, but I have very delicate stomach (due to genetic disease of the connective tissue) that just doesn't properly digest anything too heavy. I can't eat gluten, and lots of other stuff as well, and have to be always very careful of what I actually eat. Gluten, unfortunately, is quite heavy, and - compared to rice, let's say - seems to sit in my stomach forever. Since I've stopped eating it, my health vastly improved, so I will stick to this diet, no matter what other people think.
Except in the UK - sugar is everywhere. You can buy the same youghurt, the same brand, in the UK and - let's say - Findland, and the sugar content is dramatically different.
I've been vegan for 12 years - first 10 years fantastic, and then I started having serious problems. No I eat fish and eggs, which improved my health/.
I don't digest gluten (and many other foods) properly due to genetic connective tissue disorder. I don't have celiac disease, but on the gf diet I feel much better, and don't have to take medicines.
Finland, the country :-D you can but the same brand of youghurts as in the UK but less sugary. The same with juice etc. I was very surprised by that; the same brand, the same box, just different taste.
:-( I'm so sorry
On Reddit dreams come true
North Korea opening.
You know, these things are not exclusive. Being an introvert just means you need to recharge in private (in opposition to people who charge from the contact with other people)
I agree, I cannot do it either, although I am very sociable. There was a good comic online that was explaining this, but I cannot find it. The idea was, however, that the difference between an introvert and extravert was not the way they spend their time, but the way they re-charge their energy. So, the extravert will be someone who gets energised by the contact with others, and when he's alone, he's getting weak. Introvert, on the other hand, recharges while alone, and then looses energy while interacting with others. That makes sense to me.
oh dear
I liked him until I saw Noah. This film was such absolute and total crap, that I started hating Crowe with passion. Nothing personal, but Noah was a pile of shite.
Martin Freeman.
500 Days Of Summer had no plot, it was all about how kooky and cute Zooey was. It was just too much.
there was even a word invented to describe how cute she was 'ADORKABLE'
I disctinctly remember one famous Polish comic author dying a year ago - there was an article about this, and I discussed it with my brother, and he even bought a series of his comics for his daughter (well, really for himself, for the old times sake and all). Yesterday I see an up-date on the showbiz site, and he is celebrating his 92 birthday. What? Also, Keanu Reeves has a different life story. So, there we go.
What a lovely post. Good luck to you and your wife :-)
It must be very difficult for you.
Do you what what is the same of those migraines? My mother just had an identical incident - they thought it was a stroke, but it turned out to be a migraine.
Maybe you are maturing, and Reddit stays the same
You can tell yourself you were embracing Japanese cuisine. Many people eat rice for breakfast, there is nothing wrong about that :-) I'm not American, so I don't understand the whole milk and cereal concept, but a bowl of rice or rice pasta is a great breakfast.
Well, did you eat the fries?
When I was a child, most foods were rationed (communist Poland), so we didn't have much, and meat was certainly rarity. Shops were empty, so even when you had money, you couldn't buy anything. We were never hungry, and I think it was actually nice that all food was home made (I had my first Snickers bar when I was 14), so it was probably healthier, although you had to hunt for hours to find a shop in which they had stuff. But everyone was in the same situation, so we didn't feel deprived, as there was noone we could compare ourselves too. But I remember when I went to the Germany and saw the supermarket I started to cry.
I agree with you.
That's pretty healthy.
I've read a book about North Korean defectors, and one said that she has a recurring dream of her whole family sitting at the table together and eating white rice. It was her biggest, unattainable dream, and the sign of great luxury and wealth.
I grew up seeing empty shelves (communist Poland), so every trip to a supermarket is a happy occassion. I've never been hungry, and I don't eat much, but I just LOVE to look at all this food bunched up together. I love supermarket trips &lt;3
Walking 3 miles to work is a normal distance, but I agree that 6 miles is a bit too much, it would take too much time to walk.
Will you have any pension? What about moving to a cheaper country then, let's say Thailand or something?
The good spirit in which it was received is highly encouraging :-D
Nah http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Croque-monsieur
I'm sure they didn't have bad intentions, but very patronizing nonetheless.
This is true. I grew up in a relatively poor country (Poland in the 1970s), but we always had an access to a free health service. So it is shocking how people in America (who sometimes act patronizing towards me as they are from a richer country) cannot afford getting basic treatments for their kids. I am shocked reading all this.
Reddit Christmas Initiative, it had to be panties :-D
I know this kind of humiliation. We used to receive packages and donations from Germany, and I had to be all grateful. Don't get me wrong, it was great, and the people who wanted to help us poor Poles were kind, but it WAS humiliating. My parents were educated people with Phds, they were working, and still we had to accept help from the country that screwed us during the war and was the reason for our country's poverty. I knew all the war stories from my grandparents, and I had this huge dissonance accepting old clothes and food from the Germans. Still, we had too. Now I am a grown up woman living in the UK, but this feeling of inferiority is still somewhere there.
(As I say, those who helped as were really kind, and it was all not their fault - I understand this now and I am grateful. But it was sort of awful)
They used to give chocolate for blood donation.
I was staring in the mirror recently, and somehow I suddenly looked (or that's how I saw it anyway) like an old Aboriginal man, with grey mud painted all over. I am thin, pale red-haired woman. It could be just an illusion of light and shadow, so I am not reading too much into it. I was trying to jump, I have to admit, although I do think mirror is not necessary and we jump all the time anyway. But this sub is so interesting, I thought I would sort of try it this way.
Wellington, NZ. Awesome place.
Me too &lt;3 Love it.
Bucket fountain?
Meh. Sex with a cousin is not really incest.
maybe he's a subway?
I am relatively new to reddit and completely don't understand the gold thing. Is it the real money? How does it work?
I don't understand cake day either ...
If it's legal, and you were not brought up together, I see no harm.
Not really - I don't think the strenght of my conviction is a measure of anything here. I could be very sure of something and wrong.
I've read some people were poisoned in China after eating artificial rice, bulked up with plastic :-(
http://www.rawstory.com/2011/02/report-china-fake-rice-plastic/ but sometimes it's actual plastic
I know, it's evil :-(
A while ago there was a thread on Reddit about the creepiest glitch, and quite a few people mentioned experiencing something similar. Maybe you can trace these posts.
I agree. Someone may loose their life, or their loved one, because an idiot like OP finds it amusing to text and drive. It's illegal, and immoral, and I have zero respect for people like that.
I wonder if Australia could give me citizenship based on a fact I've always felt vaguely Australian? Never been there, but still :-D
Actually, I've read this is much healthier for the body.
Me too.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-cultural_psychiatry
BTW, I agree, I knew someone who was writing a PhD on depression in one of the African countries, and she had to totally re-define depression, and collect the locally specific list of symptoms, that were not present in the Western world.
It is similar in the UK. I've seen a toddler taking his clothes off in a park - the little boy was maybe 2 - and his mother running to catch him and shouting 'OMG you will be arrested'. This is not normal.
Also, SPARTAAAAA!
Pacific Islands mainly ..?
Heh, I remember my parents trying to explain to theri friends from Western Germany that they cannot buy a house not because they have no money, but because there is no such thing as buying a property. Also, they were perplexed why my parents wouldn't move their money to a DIFFERENT bank, as the interest rate was crop, and my father had to explain there are no different banks ...
The romantic notions of marriage are fairly new in human history; for most part of human existence people were choosing mainly such partners that would be accepted by their families, able to provide for them and their children, had good social standing etc. - not because they had beautiful eyes.
Yes, multigenerational houses.
Gay people are not infertile. It's not about adoption, but rather regulating the legal situation of the children gay couples already have.
Yes, wireless shower would be cool.
Ha, I was thinking about it the other day but could not, for the life of me, remember the name. Napster, of course!
I remember waiting for someone for an hour and eventually going home, where I found the person has called me to cancel after I've already left. That happened very often.
- Is it a Zoo? (giggle, giggle, giggle) - No. - So why there's a monkey on the phone? (hysteric laugh)
I know.
Poland, 70s.
and early 80s
My parents applied for the phone before I was born. We got it in 1992, thankfully just in time, so I could spend hours talking to high-school friends :-D But
Ah yes, this one.
I don't think most people would care, just like most people are not very impressed they are hurling through space on a piece of rock.
Douglad Adams wrote about similar thing in 'Mostly Harmless'. A human visited alien, less developed civilisation, but realised quickly that he has absolutely no idea how most things in his world work (do you know how tv or laptop computer work? Could you explain it to the aliens or medieval people? :-D), and he cannot help them in any way, so he resorted to making sanwiches for them. Another character got picked up on a very advanced space-ship, but its drivers had no idea how it was conctructed :-D
Maybe it already had.
'Sexiest cousin of the year' calendar
There is something called 'tabaka', it's a powdered tobacco you sniff in order to sneeze. People carry it with them, sometimes, and use it for sneezing purposes :-)
IPhone is always fun. You could take selfies.
I'd love that.
I wonder - if we could go ANYWHERE just like that, would it still be fun to be there? Uf I could jump jump to Australia on my lunch break, would it be worth it? There would be no sense of a journey, no sense of travel, and - and that could be dreadful - no liberation in a feeling of being far away.
Poland, 80s and early 90s
Yes, there were lots of tricks.
Not many black people in Poland in the eighties.
Yes, my husband did some work on this, but there are others, for example this one: https://www.questia.com/library/journal/1G1-336286952/how-love-emerges-in-arranged-marriages-two-cross-cultural
I know, this is hilarious. The funniest story of the year so far.
They did not go to the media - the media came to them. They just anwered some questions. It was her who was going around spreading hateful stories about them and her childhood.
It is a social construct, just as gender, which doesn't automatically mean there are no differences, or you can change it easily. Theoretically, language is acquired as well, and when you are born you have a potential to speak any language in the world. Once you, however, acquire one, it will always be your first language (unless you are billingual). You can learn other languages, you can speak them fluently, but it would be misleading to say that because you have, as an organism, a potential to learn any language, you can suddenly, at the age 50, become first-language fluent in Chinese. The differences are there, of course, but there tangled in cultural and class issues, so the whole thing is not as easy.
It is a construct - if there really were different races, people would not be able to mix, and they easily do so. But 'socil construct' doesn't mean no differences. I think that is a common misconception.
Exactly. If I moved back in time, as a member of advanced civilization, I wouldn't be able to explain technological inventions to people, and I wouldn't be of much use I'm afraid.
Not in the 16th century though. It would be probably enough if you moved to the next village, and noone would know what you looked like anyway. It's not like they would be texting each other your picture.
And you would be able to explain it, and construct it yourself?
They wouldn't even have cameras. If you were very rich, maybe someone would paint an innacurate portrait of you :-D
ouch
Oh, same here. I have no idea what do I have against this woman, she is nice and all, but I just can't stand her.
There is a scene in which a new Guide's CEO gives Ford Prefect a pep talk and says something like 'in this economy we need to think multidimensionally!' :-D There is also an idea that 'the client tells us what he wants, and we make sure it has already happened' :-)
Now you are talking :-D
Yes, but how? Would you change people's nature, or their access to weaponry, or what?
:-D
What about taxing these manifestations? :-D
I agree. I think that is where religions went wrong, when people started treating abstract and symbolic ideals too literally, and the ideas behind symbols went dead. The same with the mirror - it doesn't matter what kind of candle you use :-P you can invent your own ritual entirely, it is the spirit of the whole thing that counts.
And we don't even have to employ spirituality to understand this - it is enough to listen to a group of people talking about the same event to realize they all experienced it differently, as they have different background, experiences, expectations, perception, they intrepret things differently, notice different aspects, and you literally have 16 narratives of the same things, sometimes significantly different, just because you have different spectators. At the next family reunion, ask all family members to recall some shared event - I don't know, a wedding, funeral, whatever - and listen to various accounts, which sometimes don't even resemble the versions of what other people remember. And that is just psychology; so imagine where we are when it comes to a deeper levels. We all have limited knowledge and perception, and there is no other way as to each of us to have their own, self-specific world.
Oh, I will trot there, thanks :-)
Happened to me once, only it was bloody Herbalife.
I feel pain in my dreams - had very vivid dream of being bitten by a tiger and a wolf, and it hurt as hell.
... but I can see how people prefer to believe there is some conspiracy to accepting noone really knows what to do ...
If I were TriumphantGeorge, I would feel SO tempted to change the forum ID from time to time ;-D
People ypu interact with are not 'real' people, they are your visions/projections, the 'real' people are (if at all) hanging around somewhere else on the continuum, and may have a completely different version of you in their life.
Well, there was nothing much on it first, so I used it (my brother showed me how), and thought it was boring, and I would probably not be using it at all. Hehehehehehhehehehehehehheheh.
me too
OF COURSE it is not the ACTUAL DAY, my God, does anyone take everything literally these days? You understand the roles of symbols, shared rituals, had a sociology class ever ..?
also, debating abortion
I've got one war-time story. The groom didn't appear, or change his mind (I am not sure) and the best man stepped in saying he's always been in love with the woman and wants to marry her instead. Apparently, giving the war time, the priest approved of that, and they were a very good couple.
It has usually nothing to do with love - you desire someone else, and that's why you cheat.
In some cultures it is required you leave a bit of food on your plate to indicate you've been given more than enough.
Religion is not to be logical, just as poetry.
Because there is not such thing as universal reason - what seems reasonable to you may sound completely unreasonable to someone else.
Because on individual level we can't do anything about it. In some countries there is no recycling scheme at all.
It is true. On Pacific Islands being big is still seen as a sign of prosperity and beauty. http://www.futurescopes.com/finding-date/9409/countries-where-being-fat-attractive it is all about resources
Heh. I was given 9 unnecessary courses of antibiotic by my GP before they agreed to refer me to a specialist. A specialist immediately said the antibiotic was the wrong one, and gave me ONE that actually helped.
I am not talking about moral judgement of the situation, but possible motivation.
These war times in Poland, stranger things happened :-)
I am not saying a single person CANNOT make a change - but if they THINK they can't - and, consequently, don't bother - that's what you get.
What? This was in Poland during the war.
Those Hindus, always trying to pay their respects painting Ganesha signs on Jewish cemeteries in Poland :-P
These are not terrifying at all - they are both strange and awesome.
I like having menstruation - it's like a regeneration cycle, I feel great during one, like the whole past month is flushing away and I am starting anew.
Quite the opposite - my periods last a week, and are quite heavy. But I enjoy them - maybe because I feel really bad beforehand, so when they arrive it is a huge relief :-)
be careful!
the question is not what happens AFTER death, but what the hell is happening NOW - it can all be a dream for what we know
42
And to think that ... we are ON IT ... flying into the unknown ... in bloody SPACE ... and I am sitting all snug in slippers and actually cooking a SOUP. This is more than mind-boggling.
Many women died during childbirth, so I guess that probably someone that was left with a baby tried to feed it with animals' milk as a closest substitute.
This is one the best posts here.
You are most probably right :-)
Poland. I remember that. I was coming back from somehwere, and my brother opened the door with a strange, confused expression and said 'you will not believe this ... I am not sure I understand what is happening, but New York is being attacked?'. I rushed to the TV just in time to see the second plane.
The Baptism of the Holy Ghost, I guess. I witnessed it once at a similar retreat.
That would not cover this legally, I suppose - you would have to prove they didn't change their mind.
That wouldn't cover all bases - signing a document when you are still young doesn't prove you still want the same thing years later. You would have to give your consent beforehand, as there would still be a reasonable assumption you could have changed your mind.
I agree. In Poland, where I am originally from, people have zero trusts in hospitals and doctors. Also, we had a scandal some years ago when ambulance staff was killing people off with the drug Pavulon, because - wait for it - they had an arrangement with local funeral companies. Now, this was a PUBLIC health service. So people are not too hasty in declaring they want to donate their organs. Also, catholid church was against it, so there it is.
This is the first time when I see 'kurwa' on Reddit ;-)
But they are stuck in Turkey, with no right to work. How long can you sit with your family in the refugee camp doing nothing?
I've just seen this at the airport in Birmingham.
I have EDS - I don't usually have dark circles under my eyes, but I DO have a very thin, translucent skin, and that can cause this sometimes.
'a small slice'
This is not weird at all, as it was pointed many times in this thread it is a huge thing in Japan :-) Some women even wear braces to make their straight teeth more crooked.
What's not to like? http://a4.files.biography.com/image/upload/c_fill,cs_srgb,dpr_1.0,g_face,h_300,q_80,w_300/MTE5NDg0MDU1Mzg2Njg2OTkx.jpg &lt;3
Pheromones.
I think that was awakening/enlightment might be about: your 'dream' becomes lucid, and you can - to a certain extent - manipulate it.
If reality is internal, then no scientific method will make any dfference.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maya_%28illusion%29
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dreamtime
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/40c91k/serious_germans_of_reddit_whats_your_opinion_on/
OMG WTF
Feel so ronery.
They are - after so many years of isolation they really become two different nations. People look different, speak differently, and have radically different experiences. North Korean defectors don't find it easy in the South.
The memeing of life.
Of crap, I loved Enya and completely forgot about her! Listening to the Echoes in Rain now - THANK YOU &lt;3
Thanks :-)
hahahaha!
