It doesn't look dumb at all. It looks like it requires loads of skill and would be way for fun to play than football. Or if we're talking about american footbal then way way more fun.
But that awesome Irish accent though.
They probably have free rain of the techie department. I know in my school anyone who does techie can just go down there and do whatever outside of class time. Then again my school only has 1000 people and the techie department is understaffed.
&gt;The games that run smoothly on nearly anything! Thank you War Thunder. You really are amazing for running on intel integrated graphics.
It's a program but I guess windows prefers to call them apps now. I run on windows 7, no app store.
Yeah. That was the worst thing when I has bad download speeds (800KBps) I never knew if I had to update it after coming back after a long time. At least with steam it's obvious and takes care of it itself.
It's a problem of my parents insisting that I use Norton. I can't just uninstall it because they won't stop paying for the damn thing no matter how much I tell them too. Good to know a solution exists though. I just needed an excuse to get it removed.
That's about double what I get and I think of mine as amazingly fast.
Could just be predicting the announcement.
&gt;4% believe that shapeshifting lizard aliens from alpha draconis control our government Surely that's got to be an out of hand joke that led to people trolling the poll right? I hope so.
Then why are your teachers doing such stupid shit! It's probably just the extra numbers making the 1% of crazies a way bigger actual number. Also scotland is a way better country (at least to live in as a citizen) than america. There is literally no aspect of living here that I think is better in America.
Mrs Browns boys. The pilot for mike and molly was also hilarious but then all the others sucked so I guess it doesn't really count. Also breaking bad but I took so long to start watching it that I was already hooked by people making all the references.
yes we do have better healthcare because we have the NHS which is free rather than your shitty patchwork of health insurance. Better education because we don't have that problem of only teaching kids how to pass the tests rather than learn the subject. Better government because NO NSA. That's enough by itself.
Your healthcare is not worth the price tag. Looking at it overall and not just in one area it's inferior. I've always been very satisfied with my dealings with the NHS. Your point on the universities is another thing. University in scotland if completely free for citezens. We don't restrict good education to the wealthy and we take the same approach to healthcare. Our universities are very good actually and historically Scotland has basically been the founder of modern higher education. In the 1800s our education was known as the best in the world and the effect scots had on other countries such as Canada, India and , yes, even your glorious US of A, is still felt today. Stop being such a typical 'MURICAN and start looking at facts. Living in Scotland is comfortable and affordable.
Wei tu Long
Doctor who: The adventure games
It didn't say that for me upgrading from windows 7. You should be fine.
Yeah there's a point in summer where it almost never gets dark. Not as exreme as alaska but pretty extreme.
Just some social anxiety by the sounds of it. Relatively normal.
That's weird considering the reviews it gets on steam.
I don't think that can be determined yet. It's absolute luck with a vauge PSU failure like this.
I'm gonna go with some slighly less conventional opinions because I really hate how everyone suggests AAA titles in these threads. Mount and blade: Warband- Fantastic game, lots of total conversion mods and you can put hundreds or thousands of hours into it FTL: Great indie game. Difficult but a lot of fun and many hours of gameplay Also sins of a solar empire if you like 4x style strategy games. Wait for a sale for this one though because it goes on sale a ton.
Holy shit this thread is salty. For good reason I guess but damn, I don't think I've seen thread with so many comments with negative upvotes in one thread before.
I thought it was pronounced Sputnik. Like with the U pronounced uh.
Scroll down a bit, it says "free HDMI cable" This is obviously the kind of guy who pays for PS+
Almost certainly
Apparently people think that people back then didn't know the earth was round because it was a common way to call someone stupid as an insult back then to say that they didn't even know the earth was round. I think the atheists point is just saying that it slightly invalidates the argument that religion holds back scientific progress.
Yes the church did a lot of terrible anti progress things.
People who are shown to be abusing the system get the refunding privilege revoked. That more or less solves it to me.
Not for me. Steam downloads faster than anything else for me. 2.3MBps. Before I got fibre optic internet I got 800KBps from steam and 100-200KBps from most websites.
Thanks, I thought so but wanted to find out first so that I wasn't surprised in a bad way when I hooked it up.
I really can't save. This is the absolute stretch of the money I have down to the pound. I've seen new 7850ks sold on ebay regularly for £50 from a trusted seller so I might try to get it there instead. Like I said, this will be upgraded.
Hey thanks man, I knew RAM was important for an APU but didn't know a lot about it or what to change. As!e with the PSU, I really just chose the first one that looked OK. Most importantly, this is even further under budget leaving room since I need to buy a wireless adapter I think.
Looks good. Not overkill but should play most games pretty well.
Skyrim is a great game. RDR was maybe better but skyrim is still great in a lot of ways.
I just hope I don't have problems with it. I can't play dx11 games because of some weird visual bug on my otherwise apparently compatible hardware. Upgrading my rig soon but don't want dx11 to dx12 to be the same problem I had with dx9 to dx11.
Don't you think that's exactly what it used for in the original just cause 2 version?
I will agree that it's really nice to be able to just borrow games from friends. I did that a lot back in the ps2 days.
First time I saw it I though he was carrying a small child and doing all sorts of crazy stunts with them.
The disliking a company for no reason I see a lot of on /r/pcmasterrace with AMD and Nvidia. I was guilty of it at one point, I had never heard of AMD and because they seemed like the strange obscure choice I was strongly in favor of an intel/nvidia build. But after looking carefully at the choices I'm now building an AMD rig.
Remission implies that it can go away. But Crohn's never goes away. It's always there, waiting patiently for the perfect moment to strike.
Can someone fill me in on whats supposedly wrong? I don't see anything here.
No. I've heard that when games go on a big sale on steam they make many times what they usually do if they get front page. I think it was about papers please I heard that so it's not just big titles.
I've seen it mentioned a few times here in the past but not recently. Normally in the context of wireless keyboards or controllers.
i still consider alternatives to steam pretty nich but I guess GOG is pretty well known now. I just assume that the mainstream uses only steam.
Not sure if this is better or worse than my friend who only just realised that he forgot to put thermal paste on his build he's been running for a couple of years.
I know there's plenty of reasons. I was just saying that apart from the very traditional method of buying physical copies steam holds the appearance of a monopoly to someone who doesn't care to do the research. Obviously I'm behind the times here but when I started PC gaming a few years ago it was ages before I knew GOG existed and that was only because it was mentioned in /r/pcmasterrace I guess what I'm saying would've been true when I started but now the other options are more obvious.
All the banning subreddits and censorship stuff as well as some hypocritical statements about free speech are on her. Basically contradicting what people see reddit as standing for as far as I'm aware.
Yep, that's it. I guess you just didn't read the title very well.
You really should not have desktop icons like that. Just clear your desktop and use start menu for the stuff you need often, pin to taskbar for the stuff you need everyday and a convenient folder in your c: drive for stuff you need fairly frequently. Other stuff is totally redundant, like vlc media player. Open the file and it opens VLC for you. Edit: forgot to mention, [like this.](http://i.imgur.com/GKRa5Bp.jpg)
Not too unrealistic. I was doing it at 11 or twelve and that was 7 years ago. Kids start earlier and earlier nowadays.
Yeah it's fairly new and they really didn't advertise it much at all. I just randomly found a "watch game" button when I went to message my friend one day.
playback is way too fast. Would be better as an album of images
I think it's multiplayer only but there are servers just for beginners.
focused on the first sentance too much. As in the were denying the rumors that he was rethinking his decision. Obviously it shouldn't be a surprise that FIFA would lie.
I think both 5 and beyond earth are good choices. There's been a lot of discussion about whether beyond earth is better than 5 but I certainly don't think it's worse. I've got a couple of friends who love it at least.
Not a clue, don't play it myself just speak to some people who are really enthusiastic about it. I don't think they have the dlc.
I don't know. I use windows 7 64-bit. I would try verifying the file cache and if that doesn't work a full reinstall.
Maybe it's different in England (I'm Scottish and for those who don't know Scottish and English education are totally unconnected) but here we don't have compulsive worship and RMPS/RME was always really unbiased and informative.
The right i5 is the best processor out there right now.
This iis pretty unfair. My laptop is worse than an Xbox 360 and it runs KSP great.
Why is this of all spoilers the one that everyone is giving away? Every other spoiler, I completely avoided with no problem then this one comes and I was just glad I'd read the books so I knew about it 6 months in advance.
You have a worse processor and igpu than me and I still have to play min settings to achieve 30fps. WTF is going on?
This is so great playing payday: the heist in the middle of an assault wave on overkill difficulty.
You uninstalled just cause 2? What's wrong with you?
but in this case it's the same developer and franchise so not likely.
I agree but at the same time a vast ocean is a bit pointless. IIRC there was quite a lot of space between the left side of the map and the right side in JC2 that was just water. Rivers and stuff is nice though.
FTL is always a great purchase.
If I had any money that would be a problem for me. I'm getting a new PC and there's 4 or 5 games I already own and can't wait to play but couldn't until now.
&gt;go and play games how they were meant to be played Fucking Nvidia everywhere
It's an APU. It should be able to handle most games at a decent FPS and settings. It's not just a CPU. Sorry about not specifying a GPU though, I'm thinking r9 290X or something similar.
r9 290X maybe. Not sure but I looked around and most cards would work if I used a 500 or 550W PSU
[Those seem kinda expensive](http://uk.pcpartpicker.com/parts/power-supply/#W=500,550&amp;m=52)
Chivalry: medieval warfare. I have no idea what the US price is but it's under £2 and prices often favour the US slightly.
Up late and tired. The perfect time to put together a delicate electronic machine.
Nah I played the game for ages trying to find it. Or if it did exist it lost it's function which was to destroy the masts of enemy ship and cripple their movement.
I'm gonna guess it's something along the lines of, It wasn't in my interest but it was in my nature.
Take a look yeah. But not when you fall 50 weeks outside of the policy.
I've been using this on TIFU stories for a while.
Gameplay wise yeah but it moved away from what I felt AC was and what I loved about AC. If ubisoft had kept AC as what it was and made a new IP which was basically black flag but not tied into any existing franchise, I would've loved it.
That seems unusual. Do you mind if I ask which country or that you elaborate in the laws. It's totally fine if you don't want to tell.
I used to eat healthily and still take 5 day gaps between pooping. When I started pooping regularly it was really annoying because it was in the way of my schedule.
my first reaction was to look to the bottom right corner to see the date (can never be sure it was todays) and because I format dates the correct way for a half second or so I thought you used it all by the 6th day of the month.
This sounds like the ideal case for pirating to check system requirements. I can only give a very very rough idea but arkam asylum runs ok on an intel iGPU with a dual core i5. Obviously it being the same series is no guarantee of similar system requirements but since they were released relatively close together I would expect the min requirements to be fairly similar even if the recommended specs change.
Same except I'm about to build not just built so I've still got the money and had the resist. A whole summer sale and all I bought was the upgrade from surgeon simulator to anniversary edition for £0.39
As /u/ComboCancel said, go to /r/pcgaming as it's basically this sub but without the peasants stuff.
How can they have control over something like anti aliasing which actually affects performance if a console has to run at a steady difference.
Now I wish I knew how to actually use the console.
I remember not minding the skyrim UI on PC before I got mods. I only really got skyUI because so much requires it to run. I think my only problem with skyUI was figuring out which symbol was which menu because it didn't label them with words, only icons.
The xbox 360 version wasn't terrible if you had nothing else to compare it to.
[It's not Susan...](http://m.youtube.com/?#/watch?v=CheHpaRkKio)
Might be good. I'd be down for it but don't have a huge amount if games.
Apparently up to 60% of labradors. Cancer rates are shitty in dogs.
Not sure if joking or actually well informed. In the case of the former, one of the most popular movements hitler introduced was the KDF movement (which you'll have to look up as I've forgotten what it stands for in english) which, amount other things, encouraged employment through non-monetary incentives such as paid vacations and concert tickets.
I so want to meet the guy who makes a living by going to peoples houses, plugs in a USB drive and walks away $45 richer with no other work done.
Your having a picnic if dead island is the worst game you've ever played. I thoroughly enjoyed that game on xbox 360 a few years ago.(In the transitioning stage to only PC gaming) My worst game is take on helicopters from bohemia interactive. The people behind the arma series. It was just awful in every way. The controls, the save points, the endless start sequence that was half cutscene IIRC. Just awful and to this day I keep up my assertion that bohemia interactive are terrible at making games.
At least you're the boss there would have been serious problems if you were a minion.
You'd be surprised how well it runs on minimum. It freezes up if you don't skip the 2k logo animation at the beginning but actually in game it's mostly smooth enough.
Not sure if it was the same function but I saw a ps2 remote once with a turbo and a slow mo button. Both were pretty much unfunctional and had the exact same effect of making the game rapidly pause and unpause.
Mount and blade: warband. Hundreds and hundreds of hours of gameplay there, especially with so many total conversion mods.
I think you have to make an informed decision and that's very difficult to do before release. In most cases I would discourage pre-purchasing but with the witcher 3 and fallout 4 I would say it's ok because the devs are known for consistently putting out good games and sticking to ethics (except the paid mods thing but I have a feeling that was partially just a huge misjudgement.)
Is that on android? Can't find it
Yeah these are always written in the worst way. It couldn't take me longer to find the meaning of the title than like this.
Apart from storage space and kinda RAM thats still pretty good.
Use a melee weapon with a nice long reach. I beat her by watching her footprints when she was invisible until she was coming straight at me and then jump attack towards her.
Um, it's june. And yes, schools get out in a week here.
I was going to downvote this but then realised it would just be because I disagreed.
I wouldn't say "won" exactly. More of an "everybody dies" situation except not exactly.
Shit. Someone really should've done something to ensure that PCMR 'owned' the rating system images so they couldn't be abused like this.
Everything you just said is exactly why we should care. We don't want our seal of approval on that shitty game.
Yeah but like 80 million just got lost because he never found out where jack hid it. Anyway walt also died, so theres that.
intel do integrated graphics too. They need too since a computer with a CPU, no GPU (like most laptops) and no integrated graphics just wouldn't work. I can confirm from my laptop though that they are just in there as a basic necessity and that's it. For example I play payday: the heist... at min settings on a resolution of 800x600 and can't get a stable 30fps.
I never really considered him "the bad guy" though. and on top of that he only got 10mil to his family. The rest stayed wherever jack hid it after he stole it.
It's a good 3 or 4 years old now I think but can't remember exactly. It has an i5-2430M dual core and 6GB of RAM which is ok except it's at 665MHz. So yeah, I tried payday 2 and it struggled to reach double figure frame rates at the best of times.
Don't worry. For an AMD CPU that's very cold. My intel i5 in my laptop regularly idles at 90C+ (which is 194F) and the thing hasn't melted yet.
You really need to get more sleep. 4 hours is the absolute minimum that a human can survive on without developing health complications and by the sounds of it you aren't even getting that reliably. Even 4 hours will reduce your lifespan by a certain margin.
Not sure whether to be happy because I finally saw someone else who appreciates the nexus 7, or sad because it was a 68 year old woman.
Nah it's just like that, not a lot of background programs at all. Think there's dust in it but because of the design of f the laptop I can't clean it out.
On that point about controller support, there are a lot with partial controller support that support the controller for at least 95% of the game (e.g super meat boy)
Amd CPUs aren't great but the whole APU idea is fantastic for a budget build.
r9 280X keeps up with a gtx 960? I didn't know they were doing so well with even the 290 being talked about as outdated.
They really did though. Although android is taking over now for years everyone had an iphone and they were massively popular over everything else.
Because there's really no reason not to when you're talking to someone you have a well established relationship with. Not saying everyone would but there's no problem if thats the kind of relashionship they have.
Obviously you can't drink one evening and drive the next morning. Isn't this common knowledge? In scotland now the driving limit is way down to under a pint though. Don't know how the US treats it's alcohol laws.
Only 10 more months (give or take) until I can enter my actual birthday to check the store page for games I already own. Can't wait.
The difference is that the arguments against drugs (some of them anyway) is about how they make you act in ways which cause harm to people or otherwise act carelessly or illegally. Also, don't run red lights. asshole.
But... breaking the physics.
Why not both? Just run between them.
Don't forget that's also only for games that support crossfire. Although all the games demanding enough to require a 390x probably already do.
Dayz standalone was also developed by bohemia interactive. The fact that they got the arma series to the state it was in is a miracle if you look at some of their other work. I maintain that they are awful developers. Look at take on helicopters if you don't believe me.
Get a horse and just use the fast travel carriages? They're perfectly lore friendly and limited enough to work for this purpose.
I had a couple of friends who played it and they got into it easily with no prior mmorpg experience. Besides its free so if you try it and don't like it the only thing you've lost is time.
Really I feel like I could easily do that.I know what the middle row is from typing and I know where everything is in relation to the middle row.
On the website it says it's running on raspberry pi so probably almost none.
They probably want to make it VERY bulletproof. Like to the point of RPG proof. I know that regular bullet proof stuff is way thinner than that though so it does seem a bit unnecccesary.
Forgetting a /s bring downvotes every time.
If you're on chrome get the Really unexpected jihad extension. It lets you make it so that posts from /r/unexpectedjihad apper to have come from somewhere else.
Yeah but you don't necessarily need to burn them, just don't eat them. Exercising isn't that effective from a standpoint of just burning calories (thanks evolution) but you can easily eat just a bit under what your body normally uses in a day. If weight loss is your only goal that is.
&gt;with about 3,200,000,000 left before it cannot sustain life Well that might be more like 50-100 for human life if we keep forcing global warming as we are.
But only the dedicated will succeed.
Looks to me like oscar, the guy from the very start of the game.
I mean, if you're on PCpartpicker it just gives you a yes/no answer for crossfire and sli support so it doesn't take that much research.
Getting really anxious for this sub to go back to normal.
So have we just stopped bothering with the religious purpose of this sub? I mean, the rule is still there in the sidebar but this post is at the very most tangentially related to the topic and that's stretching it to the point of word association. Maybe the mods just aren't active, I don't know.
The UK lottery used to be a great example of this because the profits went into funding the NHS. The health lottery does that now it's just not as good. The real lottery is still a good example because it funds loads of charities.
Actual blood on the ground would be cool. Obviously it doesn't need to get to the standards of dying light or anything but some would be nice. There is already some effect on the player art least. I remember how awesome it was the first time I did really well on gekokujo and went into 3rd person to find my character solid red.
Well Wi-Fi won't but Li-Fi might if it ever get's introducted. It won't take over Wi-Fi or wired but it'll be the best where it's avaliable.
Then you have to be able to recognise that as it's own problem and work against it. It may be that the people you are sharing the experience of gaming with are the ones who can recognise this the easiest and point you in a better direction.
It very much could mean "we should" though, depending on context and circumstances.
I for one welcome our new memebot overlords.
Well look at it this way. 1TB HDD. Cheap, lots of space and fast enough that it's not the bottleneck when doing most things. Slow to boot up and copy + paste but for the general user of pcmasterrace that's probably it. SSD. Much more expensive per GB with ones as big as larger HDDs simply not existing commercially yet (although they are better and I believe that in a few years these two problems will not exist and they will be worth buying). The only positive is the faster speed, which is good for only a couple of things.
Don't complain that the guy who sells you illegal drugs got arrested. I mean, yeah you might be annoyed but it doesn't mean that the guy arresting him is the villain.
That seems kinda fair tbh. I'm an air cadet in the UK right now and my plan if getting into uni doesn't work out is basically just to try to get into a relatively non-violent role in the RAF.
Yeah but pretty much everybody from history was probably homophobic. It just wasn't normal to not be half a century or more ago. Hell JFK was probably homophobic and he's the guy responsible for the civil rights act.
I think deadpool makes it pretty clear in almost everything he's in that he isn't a hero. Not completely a villain either but pretty much everything he's in he outright establishes (in that convenient 4th wall breaking way of his) that he isn't a hero.
I'm 17 (legal drinking age here is 18 so it's not that bad) and coulldn't find any alcoholic drink I actually liked the taste of. Didn't like beer, didn't like cider, didn't like wine, red or white (although better wines were clearly less bad to me they still weren't good) didn't like champagne even enough to partake for a celebration. Didn't like vodka. Finally found something I like with Morgans spiced rum. Good when you start, great after a couple of drinks.
Not knowing much about baseball I didn't understand most of that or know who any of the people were but still, pretty great that you can write like that drunk.
I'm the complete opposite. I find small spaces immensely comforting.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Death_by_sawing
So just like regular heads of charity organisations then.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Death_by_sawing
Wow, there are a lot of guys here to don't want to get fucked up the ass by women with strap-ons. Who would've thought.
Pretty sure that's just media to make the writing seem better or more dramatic. People do generally say bye irl.
It's unique and there aren't that many non-competetive shooters out there. The menu is fine really and the gameplay is loads of fun to me. That's with all the dlc though and just being able to try out something weird and fun. It's a good game to relax with friends with, don't play solo, its boring AF.
probably just a persistent PUP or something.
Totally fake yeah but I liked them. Still want to know what happened to those damn keyboards.
Well that's a disappointment. I always quite liked the idea that some day there might be great pools of oil underneath what were once mans greatest cities.
I remember I had such a hard time when I first got here because of the masses of inside jokes never explained. I mourn for new users who may never get to hear the classic reddit stories. The boy with two broken arms, the swamps of dagobah, the jolly rancher story. The age long chronicles of /u/airz23, now only history.
I think it's actually a good idea. For one, it's not really on an honor system, I haven't been in a place where you could just take a bag if you weren't trying to steal without being spotted. Secondly, there is a huge amount of plastic wastage and reusable bags are a much better option. Comparing what china does to what you do to make your thing seem insignificant is not a valid argument.
How the fuck did you manage to find a grocery store that doesn't sell orange juice?
Are you saying you use 30 bags? That's an absurd amount, a large shop for 3 people in the UK uses 6-8.
Runs better on nvidia because they specifically build it to run worse on AMD.
You are totally correct, we should stop misusing need. Need is defined as you will literally (not figuratively) die if you don't have it.
An APU is actually a pretty decent choice. It's the only way in the UK to get console performance for equal to or less than the price of a console. If you're happy enough at 720p and 30fps you can play most games on high settings, which still looks really nice.
antimalware and anitvirus are different though. Also I don't really like the direction they've gone in. Before the free version was good enough. Then they revoked premium keys people had used which they hadn't bough, fair enough but they said they would give people 12 months before revoking, mine was revoked instantly. Now I get a bad feeling about it, like it's not really doing it's job anymore and the company is more about the money. I've seen people say that if you have the free version it doesn't actually even scan, just pretends to.
Well the internet is the perfect place for that kind of negative behaviour you described, the real world is the opposite, it's shunned there. I fully support the ideas of PCMR but this sub is questionable and there have definitely been better days around here.
I've got a £100 monitor. 2ms response time 60hz 1080p. Seriously did he just go into every section, sort by price highest first and pick the top result?
Like the idea and design and hope it goes well but it's worth mentioning that this isn't even close to the first time someone has decided to produce a website for this purpose. Might succeed might not. Seems strange to me that although there arent really enough posts to tell steam doesn't seem as popular as the console ones and it's at the bottom of the list post wise.
6 years in the UK. At least our academy is closest to your high school than any of your others and goes from age 12 to 18. Either way by the end it's obvious that while it's important and has a big impact on how you develop and who you are, it's not nearly as actually important as what will come after it.
This is why I love anonymous social media on reddit so much more than personal social media like facebook. I only leave comments, no images but even so there is nothing I would actually post if everyone I know knew it was me and saw it and that would be hanging around forever.
I like the french name "the little death" for it. If you aren't shit at interpreting slightly poetic meaning then it's a good way to describe it.
Only if it's paired with a good CPU. I have a 290 and it still struggles to get 1080p 60fps because I've got a console equivalent APUs CPU bottlenecking it.
fair enough. That's teenagers ignorance for that part. I've always just assumed it was either sometime during the period or directly after it for around 3 days but maybe more. Information is pretty vague on the subject. In reality it's probably closer to the point that there's around a week a month that it's a pretty safe guarantee that a woman isn't ovulating rather than is.
I mean in APUs. I had one, I did plenty of research. RAM speed is a bottleneck because they are using it as VRAM. Buying 2133mhz RAM instead of 1600mhz actually makes a pretty big difference.
I've got an A10-7850k APU. I'm not exactly sure what the CPU part of it is.
Trust me a "maybe" diagnosis of aspergers is nothing to worry about. It is a very wide spectrum. I technically have a diagnosis for it but it's very very mild. Literally nobody knows I have it or even suspects anything unless I actually tell them about it, you are exactly as normal as you act.
This is basically the definition of getting over social problems. I never feel confident but in most conversations I think I fake it pretty well.
Answer the obvious question.
Feel like a god having that one no fall damage spell.
It's like they literally are sucking the life out of everything around them.
Sure but nobody is as low as 30 or 60, probably not even 120.
Rule 5 means to keep the posts unexpected. This is just a comment related to the post.
Never thought about common things like pubs but when I went to Aberdeen university the first thing I thought was of how much older it was than the USA. Aberdeen university will be 520 this year I think, whereas your country is around 300. (very rough, slightly educated guess)
There was a writing prompts on this ages ago. Really wish I'd read it, sounds like an awesome concept. The adventures of... butterfly man.
That's the one, thanks.
Which game? I loved 3, then couldn't play it because it was on wii and I didn't have one anymore, then picked up 6, which is ok. It has 2112 at least even if you do have to play it with the parts separated.
Is that a lot compared to normal yield?
Probably won't make it to the end of the first week. If he does, then they aren't trying hard enough.
/r/ofcoursethatsathing
I don't need to be experienced to know that sex is not an area where there should be this kind of mixed signal.
