I don't see anything in that video that doesn't look like basketball... Other than the white people and short shorts.
Dude Melo was the first option on the friggin olympic team. He might be the best first option in the league, up there with KD. That's never been the knock against him.
Ah, I got what you mean. I think he can be the best player but needs to be surrounded with some really good talent.
Originally they had a ton of unsold ad inventory so they inserted charity's ads so they could claim a certain amount as a tax break.
I think the 8th seed Knicks in 99 were a better David vs Goliath experience, particularly since we were missing our hall of fame center.
He said in a post game interview that he uses some kind of special beard oil.
&gt; Lineup data showed throughout the season that the two point guard lineups that had dominated in 12/13 continued to dominate in 13/14, but Woodson refused to go to them. With what point guards? "Facing divorce and felony gun possession/mid-life crisis obesity" Felton and Prigioni? Get real, dude. The two guard lineup only worked because we had Kidd and a healthy Felton, neither of which we had in 13/14.
134 minutes over an 82 game season is a comically low sample size. But I appreciate the sources and facts. Upvote.
It's an old Orson Welles technique.
Komazawa Park is where you wanna go. Usually only 5-10 people (not highly skilled) playing on weekend mornings.
Go to the rooftop "beer garden" of restaurants and bars across the street from the inner Kabukicho Hub. It's a blast and perfect to accommodate you.
What's not authentic about KFC? It's just standard fried chicken.
It's izakaya style, yeah. And tons of different restaurants. It gets pretty crazy in there.
To be fair, JR or Shump make one more shot and the cavs win. Kerr is playing a very dangerous strategy.
Very hard to get a visa without a degree. Stay in school and maybe try to study abroad.
4 years, dude.
I think Dirk is a more impressive player than Barkley.
Nope. I'm older than most and can remember watching Jordan's threepeats and Barcelona. Barkley wasn't a true first option imo. It's a major reason why his shooting percentages are elevated.
I think what [Madison Bumgarner did in the World Series last year](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Madison_Bumgarner#Baseball_records_and_accomplishments) would be equally as impressive.
Not from the post.
He would be killer on this gsw team as a backup for Klay. Holy shit, I kinda wanna see that happen.
Examples?
He turned Wall into an even cockier stud than he was (and he can back it up).
Eh a lot of people here did the same for Atlanta.
Because anything in the 60s is bad.
Bridgeport too.
He did it for Lin.
Bro, it's literally impossible to be a kings bandwagoner.
We already have bargs.
Did Wiggins retire?
Bernard King might be the greatest scoring Knick of all time.
He reminds me a lot of Hakeem on offense and we all know how well he aged.
If you guys had the same history at the highest level of sports as Boston and LA, you'd understand. It's about mutual respect for greatness. Jeter had the same sentiment towards the Red Sox.
That vaunted Nets/Cavaliers rivalry.
Please don't be snarky about barely beating a non-playoff team. Have some class, dude. You're champs now.
Why not just write "new years"?
Why? Kyrie is a perpetual injury risk. Seems fair to me.
Doesn't the starkiller weapon go faster than light? Seems that's possible in the canon universe now.
It wasn't really all that newsworthy in Japan. Source: I live here.
G-sync/Free-sync probably affect it too.
G-sync is expensive and people are buying smaller monitors for that reason. Also PC gaming is growing and lots of people signed up for Steam accounts for the first time in 2015. NVIDIA has really upped their "entry level" card pricing too.
DVD sets are likely to rise in price as they move towards being niche products.
Same in Japanese.
So true. Like, "BRB gonna slam a couple brewskies before heading out." You're thinking 2 sounds good, but who knows - maybe it'll end up being three or four or eleven. Shit happens.
&gt; I don't buy that he simply did not notice or sense that his mentor actually possessed little to no force power. The entire Jedi council spent tons of time next to Palpatine without realizing he was a Sith, so anything is possible.
Japanese kids aren't under pressure to be "the best." They are under pressure to get into a good school and become one of millions of salarymen. It's a big difference. I am biased but I believe the US does it right. People are encouraged to chase their dreams.
In cat leagues he kinda sucks. Mediocre points/rebounds/threes and everything else can be found on the WW. He's absolutely not worth stashing in cat leagues, unless you're in a 14+ team league IMO.
Kyrie is in the same class.
I am gonna try out Ian Clark to stream Monday/Tuesday in his spot. Curry will probably sit those games and they played him 37 minutes tonight.
The injury happened from his collision with Barton, but it was still the cheapshot that caused it.
They were playing small ball nearly all game, so he didn't get put in. Look at JJ Hickson as a good pickup.
He's down to 0.5 steals a game, 5 rebounds, and just about 1 3PM. He just doesn't play well off the bench and he's not a focal part of the new D'antoni offense. This has been obvious for those who watch the Sixers play. Christ he only took 3 shots today. I replaced him with Larkin and not looking back. I am willing to bet money Larkin outperforms him over the next month (assuming Jack is out). EDIT: I just counted. 12 steals in his last 13 games. This is not a blip, this is a trend. EDIT2: The list of players averaging more steals than Cov over the last 30 days includes Cole Aldrich, Ronnie Price and OJ Mayo. It's over.
Depends entirely what stats you need. Green gets you 3PM and some steals. Larkin gets you assists and steals. Booker sucks, ignore him - you likely missed the Phoenix pickup with Warren. I would expect Larkin to perform very well if Jack is indeed done ROS. Something like 7/8 assists and 2 steals a game with 1 3PM. Also # of positions don't matter much. I routinely have 11-12 PG/SG on my roster. Just stream on days you need to fill a certain position. Honestly Larkin has the best upside from the players you mentioned, but Green should trend up to 2 3PM a game.
Can you come pick them up sometime? Should probably just bring a suitcase and some packing material (pillows would work). As for the parts, they're pretty well documented online. Apparently it's not uncommon for the capacitors to burn out on these guys and it's an easy fix. Also could be a fun excuse to tour Akihabara.
Unfortunately I have work during the week so it would have to be at night, and I tend to work quite late. It would have to be after 9PM on most nights. Tomorrow I am playing basketball in the evening after work so it'll be even tougher. How about next Saturday? I am free the whole day.
12/2/2/1/0 is pretty much his average over the last two weeks. That is waiver wire quality in anything up to 12-team.
I said last two week/s/. That includes this last week he is maintaining those averages. I will admit he has shown potential in isolated games. But consistency is key for your rostered players.
I had the same scare about a year ago. 6 year old budget PSU caused an electrical fire on one of my SATA drives. Thank god I was using the PC at the time. Never again. Only using well rated Japanese power supplies going forward.
I work with a guy who was recently made country head for a tech company - he would wear t-shirts and sandals to customer meetings where everyone was in black suits. He got fired. Shit happens.
Nice find, this was awesome.
He does love the garden and he's from NY.
&gt; Show me a program where the government was involved and its prices went down. Commodities like corn.
You're stoned.
Stream Ian Clark for Monday/Tuesday IMO. That'll be plenty of time to observe how he does and Curry's situation.
Do whatever you can to get in the playoffs and start optimizing schedules a few weeks in advance. That's how you survive injuries. Also look to trade injured players who are due to come back to the top teams who can afford to carry them for some "win now" players.
They might if he's pulling in millions at 27. Long term bet.
It's also harder to score with a faster pace of shots per minute, so that has to be factored in.
Why would they be worse with PG back??
I had 210 last week in a 12 team. Also 911 points and 96 3PM. It was an extreme outlier week.
Yeah it was by far the record for our league (in its 2nd year).
[For those curious what a 911 point week looks like](http://i.imgur.com/JrIzNhX.png)
Mine is 15 per roster.
Q: What do you call a group of cows masturbating? A: Beef stroganoff.
How does rice equal "raw"? Surely they aren't eating dry rice, right?
And there were lots of good post players in that era: Ewing, Jordan, Smits, Sabonis, even smaller guys like Barkley and Mark Jackson. The illegal defense rules and handcheck rules really changed the game.
They should stick him on KP for a while. Millsap is getting schooled by KP, giving up way too much height.
That double behind the back layup... wow.
Go work someplace and learn the trade for a bit. Recruiting jobs are a dime a dozen.
Are these trotters?
More that if the Spurs keep pace they have to protect that #1 seed.
I disagree entirely. If you project out possible playoff matchups, you can start building a roster specifically to beat that opponent. I did this last year to dethrone the strongest team in our league (they were on an 11 week win streak) but I game-planned to beat them for 3-4 weeks prior. I made sure I had 10 more games than them that week and targeted vulnerable categories.
Any idea if any of them ran at Yonkers?
Tigers. Koshien is like no other baseball stadium in the world. Probably best to buy from a conbini after you arrive, tix are cheap ($20).
With those ingredients there is no way that broth didn't taste delicious!
He was using it incorrectly in multiple spots. (he was referring to the foot you move, not the foot that stays planted)
Iso can exist in the Triangle. The last 4-5 seconds of every triangle possession for the Bulls was MJ iso time. &gt; We've began to take Melo for granted. Speak for yourself. Melo is a legend in my books.
He is coming back from major surgery. I think it's natural he's still finding his legs.
He's actually 1.1 rebounds away, but who's counting.
Dude some guy linked the clip 8 hours before you right above your comment.
You want an [electric hot pot](http://www.amazon.co.jp/gp/bestsellers/kitchen/16247441) (in Japanese "denki nabe").
It is happening, they're just playing on their phones now.
Barely a streamer candidate.
Big in New York
Eh, if I'm punting Blocks and FG% in 8cat I find Rose to contribute just fine.
As much fun that would be, he is not deserving of an all-star nod yet.
Eh, a lot of 2nd and 3rd time founding teams after successful exits are able to generate those "Cinderella Moments" at will. I've witnessed it - those teams already went through the growing pains and built the right connections and reputation to tee it up for the next one.
Gimme some examples of players who are better that I could find on the waiver wire (12 team). Keep in mind he's averaging just about 15 points and 5 assists.
How? I am leading my league in points, assists, FT%, steals and 3PM. I use him as one of many specialists for certain categories. In his case, he helps me win points and assists. He doesn't hurt me in the others since I punt them all. I can't believe so many people can't believe you can build a winning team with Rose on your roster.
I punt blocks, rebounds, FG%. We're 8-cat so we don't count turnovers.
This is not Shibuya-kei.
What??
He's basically Latrell Spreewell 2.0
It wouldn't surprise me if Kawhi snapped and did something insane someday. He keeps all that emotion bottled in.
I thought I was doing a punt rebound build but I accidentally made my team competitive in boards thanks to Zaza. I love this man. BTW other Zaza owners, feel free to use my team logo: https://i.imgur.com/3HPyQcZ.png
I expect a big trade coming up for the Nuggets. They'd be insane to keep the team intact as is.
I started the day losing Ft% and picked up Jamal Crawford for tomorrow like a chump. Now I'm up 4%. Thank you Mr. Williams.
He had a shoulder stinger recently that was killing his shot for a couple weeks. Looks like he's healthy now!
Sure but he has mastered the art of falling on his ass to absorb contact and protect his ankles. Good thing he's got dat ghetto booty.
Seems like a decent trade, but you might want to play up Gasol's playoff schedule and try to go for more value to the people at the top of your league. You might be able to get some extra value from a greedy guy eyeing the championship.
I'm free later on tonight if you're okay with late night shenanigans in either Shibuya or Shinjuku. Where are you now?
From 11. Late night Saturdays in Shibuya are pretty fun. I just got over the flu so dying to get out of my house tbh. I don't mind to show you around a bit. (I'm assuming you're a tourist?)
Take a power nap for 3 hours and come out haha I live walking distance to Shibuya so feel free to msg me anytime tonight. I'm easy.
Sounds good.
No worries. I'll be around tomorrow too if you get bored.
If he goes for it, that is a heck of a trade.
I would in a heartbeat. KD tends to be injury prone.
Crazy depth. You have to experience it to understand.
SF needs to suck it up and allow more vertical development already. They're screwing their own citizens.
He's on that Patrick Ewing tip.
&gt; Now why would developers want to build in a market with such a high demand and low supply? Because they would print money? Developers aren't landlords - they aren't eroding their own profits.
Mike Woodson was not a good coach but man could that guy get the best performances out of JR. There's a reason he won sixth man of the year as a Knick.
You seem to be trolling all over this thread, so it's tough to tell.
Wow I wonder how Netflix feels about Spacey doing an Amazon show.
&lt;3 respect, bro
I want to read long form stories about this, you can leave the specific names out.
Covington is done. The new D'antoni offense doesn't agree with him and they've been winning games since they moved him to the bench.
Is Hibbert taken?
He's talking about the hand check rules.
He falls as a defense mechanism he started using because of all his ankle sprains as a young player.
Huh?
The Willy Randolph treatment.
Were they using him to guard Lebron? I didn't catch the game.
It's called the mecca for a reason.
Hand is considered part of the ball, actually. You are allowed to smack the player's hand (not the wrist or arm) under the rules. This is one of the biggest misconceptions in sports.
He's a great streamer but that's about it.
I'd say over 50% of jpop songs have that syllable in them. Just listen to lots of music.
Babymetal is still small potatoes in the big picture.
I was more thinking about an injury but that could happen too!
Vungle offers free creative for a fairly small minimum buy. Might be worth looking into.
That's some nice historical revisionism there.
Of course, but the kid just turned 21. He's got lots of time to cement a legacy of his own.
I'd be happy if Mike Conley can take over as our veteran presence, though.
&lt;3 Ellis, I had him as one of my keepers. Underrated and off the radar for most.
Robert Covington. The highest of highs and the lowest of lows.
Harden is always in the discussion if you're playing 8cat.
In punt FG% build he's been incredible. First round value for sure.
[You don't say?](https://www.reddit.com/r/fantasybball/comments/3z8qxe/player_appreciation_robert_covington/)
I think the existence of /r/japanlife inherently turns Tokyo into "tourist central." It's not a good thing or a bad thing, it just is. We've also got a decent track record for facilitating local meetings (whether for meetups, events, swapping goods, etc.) that are inappropriate for /r/japanlife. I would love suggestions for how this subreddit can be improved. Would people be interested in info on Tokyo jobs? I work in the recruiting industry and am a bit of an expert on it. EDIT: Fuck it, I'm gonna prepare a mega-post on job hunting in Tokyo. Time to contribute some good content.
There's a place in Shomikitazawa that is supposed to be good, but I don't recall the name (sorry).
I hope he's all right. Staph is dangerous, especially if it's MRSA.
lol remember when Jerry Yang turned down $44B from Microsoft?
I don't think homosexuality is a fad.
Technically I think he played 19 seconds in the second half.
I'm sure Jakarr Sampson thanks his lucky stars every day for the existence of Philly.
Higher ceiling for the rest of this season? I'm not sure I agree but hoping to get more opinions.
Larkin is best, believe it.
Drop him.
Why do you need a PG? Is there a minimum requirement?
Usually centers, though. I've never heard of a team having too few point guards since there's so many of them that put up good numbers
I said trade.
I don't think he's a generational talent, unless you think he's the best player since Jordan.
Isn't 6'5" average for a SG?
Reminder: The Nets took the Warriors to overtime.
Yeah, Rudy is a baller. He's gonna get his buckets no matter where he goes. He's one of those guys that teams need to build around because he doesn't need to alter his game to be effective.
&gt; "change direction very fast, and stop on a dime" sounds like footwork to me. I get what you're saying but just FYI that's not how "footwork" is typically used in a basketball context. It nearly always refers to post play.
It's unlikely that lineup is ever used against an opponent's starting lineup, that's a huge reason for it.
This is how it is in Japan and I love it. 7PM EST is 9AM here :)
Been using him ever since he went to Memphis. Pro-tip: If you want to win FT%, get him and Lou Williams on your squad.
He would fit in so well on Detroit, too. Reggie Jackson isn't really a pass-first PG so Green could take an active role in the offense. Plus that front line with Drummond would be lethal.
He'd be what they wanted Josh Smith to be.
Modern's clams casino pie is otherworldly.
Yeah it's a style from her hometown (Amami Oshima), very similar to Okinawan folk singing. Her live performances aren't that great, unfortunately, but she shines on her recordings.
&gt; No, I have never met a racist Japanese. Are you kidding? Go ask random Japanese people their thoughts on the Chinese or Koreans or blacks.
I can one up you. I was in NYC for 9/11, Tokyo for 3/11, and CT for Sandy Hook :(
Mostly dumb crimes (fighting, rapes, the occasional murder, theft) committed by off-base servicemen. And general stereotypes.
Wow he looks terrified. Very interesting video. I wonder if his body size contributed to why he survived. He looks a bit overweight which might have helped him stay warm.
Green isn't quite talented enough. KP is a dark horse. AD I fear will end up in the same class as Bernard King. Prolific player who gets forgotten over time due to their lack of postseason success.
How on earth did he get so open?
12 seconds, but yeah.
Wall outperformed Westbrook at the combine numbers. But take it with a grain of salt - so did Jeremy Lin.
5 dribbles coast to coast, between all 5 defenders. Incredible.
Bro he was 11/13 from the line. Cut him some slack.
The tech call wasn't weird. He was yelling at a heckler in the crowd. Any negative interaction with a fan during a game is an instant tech.
From the catch to crossing the line. But yeah, he slowed down at the end.
Lol @ trying to go zone against Mullin and Jackson's Johnnies.
Shhh.... he's our little secret.
Definitely not Japanese.
He does the postgame for Indiana.
He's a staple on my team. Gets enough points/assists/threes to be very valuable.
Also he's ultra-consistent. I've been tracking his averages week by week and they barely move. It's really impressive.
I'm sorry but Brook Lopez boxing out is infinitely more valuable than Shane Larkin snagging a free board.
Actually the hard parts of their infrastructure leverage Amazon's data centers. They punted that part of their core competency (probably wisely) and are the #1 customer for their biggest competitor.
&gt; I'd argue even further that at its base that a guard grabbing a rebound gets the possession started faster and in the right hands. Entirely depends. Some bigs are amazing at starting the fast break. Think Kevin Love (or the all-time best - Kurt Rambis).
Or a dominant offensive force. Hakeem, Shaq, Wilt, Kareem, even Ewing would be wreaking havoc on today's defenses. Surround them with three point shooters and watch out.
It's a balance thing. I totally get what you're saying.
Wow, that's got 3 dominant defenders (JR, Shump, Lebron), 3 dominant offensive players (Irving, Lebron, JR) and all the rebounding you need in TT. I really, really like that lineup.
Just buy it on Amazon.co.jp - they ship internationally and support English. I checked, it's on there.
I think the issue is, if the team properly boxes out, it doesn't make much difference who grabs the boards. Statistically guards who play with Brook Lopez get more boards than those that don't. Does that make them better rebounders? Not likely. That's why people downplay it.
I'm really confused how this is useful in an environment where you have a microwave available.
Less to do with rule changes hurting the bigs than it is rule changes helping the guards. No handchecking is crazy - there is literally nobody in the world who can stay in front of most NBA starting point guards without using their hands or forearms.
