Yeah half the time the people who do these mods to themselves work in the field itself. I wouldn't get a tattoo done by an artist that had zero tattoos themselves. My best friends dad owns a very reputable tattoo shop and all their employees do weird shit to their bodies.
I doubt they're actually crying just like somebody doesnt actually have to laugh out loud to say lol.
I'd avoid having children. Constantly watching them grow old and die would grow depressing like immediately.
He wont have much to keep his bearings straight and with humans having a dominant arm he'll just be swimming in circles. I doubt most people would have a flipping clue how to get to Europe without modern tech such as compasses that we take for granted.
I'm not American so that's my excuse for not being able to identify 75% of the shit in that cart.
Man, half of my Canadian history classes were all about how hard we managed to fuck the natives. Maybe other peoples schools glossed over it but mine most definitely did not.
To be fair the survival rate of children 100 years ago without the medicine we have now wasnt great. My Amma grew up dirt poor in the depression and out of the 10 kids her parents had only 5 of them made it to adulthood. They were an extreme case but they were white so we cant blame it on cultural genocide.
You can update a computer all you want but eventually the hardware (your brain) will be primitive. You can augment your body to an extent but that's like trying to update the first computer with modern programs, shit just won't fit.
Damnit, I never figured mental math cuming easily to me would be such an issue.
Oh cmon, the bitch invited me over for dinner.
Never gets old.
I mean its the same alcohol percentage of beer, its the sugar that will end yur night over the toilet though.
Until somebody who you didnt use the power on rapes somebody you did use the power on and they weren't able to fight back as a result.
I can back this up. Im a bartender and were generally functional alcoholics and for some reason people love you even though you just pour drinks for a living.
I always thought my teachers were wholesome people until I was old enough to be friends with several teachers, you fuckers like to get drunk.
Google has been my tech support for years. The older members of my family are convinced I'm a computer genius when in reality I just know how to google shit. I have yet to correct them on that.
They had the design trade because its too commercial/mainstream? Sounds like they are hipsters and so are you, just in a bit of denail. Nothing wrong with being a hipster as long as youre not an asshole.
Last time I checked one bombs abortion clinics and fights to deny rights to people and the other does not.
Id say its not an equal chance. Its more likely its all made up.
Yeah just go back to her home country and never set foot in America again unless she intends to deal with all those bills.
Everybody does eventually and there is nothing I can do to prevent by own inevitable death. Yeah it really sucks but I tend to not dwell on things I can't stop from happening. It is what it is.
I mean if it wasnt for France giving you shit while also attacking Britian you would have likely lost the revolutionary war. So at this point you're just even, all you did was hit back the favour.
Youre right, you didnt justify mass jail rape. You just justified and condoned cruel and unusual punishment. Raise your hand if you think prisoners should be washboarded as punishment.
Karma assumes the innocent weren't harmed. But they were, this is just sad.
We hunted off many their natural predators so for many species us hunting them is necessary to keep their population in check like it naturally would have.
If anything they may have also not shot him because he was an unarmed dude just playing some music.
Not having to clean up doesnt mean you have to leave it looking like a tornado hit. If you make a mess like this while eating out you may either be an asshole or legitametly retarded.
Shit doesnt happen that quickly. These young people were fucked over well before they even had the right to have a say in it. Older people can't blame younger generations for the shit they voted to enact. Bloody ridiculous.
Yeah we could just cut military spending on pointless shit by a tiny fraction and have more than enough to pay for this. The amount of shit America could give it's people if they just stopped spending obscene amounts of pointless wars.
Focusing on everybody at once at this point wont result in anything noticeable. But working on one demographic at a time is realistic and will produce noticeable results faster.
He was discussing education, not employment. 5500 a year ond educatiob per person is quite reasonable.
Things like lobsters have multiple "brains" so destroying one likely wont even render it unconscious while boiling it overloades it's nerves and has it dead in seconds. So boiling it is the humane way to kill it if you want to eat it. That's not even touching ground on the fact that lobsters and chimps have a hilarious difference in sentience.
He was also a decorated soldier from world war one, the guy was a steaming pile of shit but to call him a coward would be dishonest.
Then log the fuck in. This could be easily fixed if you werent so damn lazy.
Maybe from your hilariously bloated military.
And nobody who wrote the gospels were there to see the miracles of christ. Your own argument is really unraveling on you.
But if god guided man into using said antibiotics dont we run into the issue of free will?
Seriously, if I'm only getting laid that often then Ill just go hang out with dudes. The extra effort of a relationship is nowhere near worth it if I'm still stuck jerking myself in a pool of sexual frustration.
Yeah its more just tossing your line out there until something finally bites.
The top few men are doing all the fucking. In your mind its an equal ratio of one to one except for the fact that most woman are fucking the same group of guys. So its easy for 20 girls to get laid while only 5 guys do the same.
They dont have those youthful good looks to fall back on anymore and need to start being more forward.
If brigading is what got them banned I'm curious why SRS is still around. Let's face it, they only enforce these rules when it's with groups they don't politically agree with.
So why is every other sub that using photos of real people to laugh at them still around. I dont even have to think deeply to think of some.
But Pao politically agrees with SRS so her rules will never be applied to them. They'll turn this place into a SJW hellhole and it will be the death of this place.
Even if it was they still wouldnt have banned them. The SJW would spin it in the media making it look like Reddit was against equality for woman and minorities. They are dealing with a loaded gun.
Ive seen countless examples of them being reported for clear cut examples. The admins lean to the far left though so good luck getting them to do shit all about it.
Do you start in August? Public schools in Canada go from beginning of september until nearly the end of June. Private schools often end in may but they generally give less days off and move at a quicker pace.
Yeah that sub sunk into a turtle shell knowing they would ban them at their first excuse. They wont even let them link to archives anymore. They're being smart about it, hard to find a reason to ban them when they dont link to other parts of reddit.
They wish they did.
Happens to me all the time. Stupid French setting on Canadian keyboards.
I mean we have his face on coins from the right time period and regions and had entire cities named after him in the areas he conquered. So a bit more evidence than Jesus.
I'm not sure what your priest/pastor told you but that's hilarious. Care to list some of these things that prove the bible?
Right, its the first world, if those are your standards you have shit standards.
Neither are white straight woman.
I doubt you'd relate to no texting, had to call everybody on their land line or use dial-up internet to talk to them on like the original msn messenger.
Luck. And they likely carry enough cleaning wipes to keep the child clean at least.
Some seem to think evoking god is the simplest solution when in reality it only raises far more complicated questions. If a universe cant come from nothing and theoretically this is very possible then where did this super complex creator come from? If complexity requires design then we need to also explain the complexity of god.
Yeah but rotting bodies aren't know for being super clean. They wont catch the flu from them but you also dont wanna get that bacteria in your mouth or eyes. If you think rotting bodies are ok then go touch some and then rub your eyes and lick your fingers.
Well I mean she's a white person pretending to be black getting all pissy about actors doing the same shit. It's a tad hypocritical.
Vasectomy surgeries are not always reversible, if your suggestion is something that can remove my ability to everbhave children then you are clearly delusional.
You're correct, but it does have to do with the child and none of them getting sick from being covered in rotting remains.
Im betting your graduated like 2 years ago and feel all superior about it.
And with the knife my guess is you'd stick a guy with it and pull the trigger.
Drugs, Ive tried many of them and it's rare for a movie to portray their effects properly.
Yeah if you take a hit to the head and arent awake very quickly you likely fucked something up.
Everybody has a right to an opinion but this bullshit about having to respect it is nonsense. Some opinions really don't deserve any respect.
Catholics didnt exist 2000 years ago. Christianity as a religion didn't even exist 2000 years ago.
Winter wonderland thankyou very much.
And what is immoral about homosexuality? Without using the bible give me some secular reasons as to why homosexuality is immoral.
People do exist now that never experienced the 90s and are now asking questions of people who did. How you hold this opinion on a site made for this kind of content is beyond me.
I remember doing hard labour, I could eat the diet of an obese person and be just dandy. Hit me hard when I stopped doing hard manual labour.
She's gonna need more drugs if she's brainstorming.
Yeah I unsubbed from the subreddit until I saw the finally as to avoid spoilers and some fuckwit ruined it in the comments of a totally related sub. I hope that guy gets chronic blue balls.
Majority of guys dont give a shit if you've fucked 10000 times with 2 guys. That displays loyalty and commitment. Guys have issues when you've fucked the same amount but with countless guys.
Youre right, and nobody is obligated to stick around if they are uncomfortable with the fact that their partner was more adventurous with their past partners but not with them.
Not how it works? A girl could have fucked 3 different guys 1000 times and be very experienced while still having a low partner count. You don't have to have 30 partners to be experienced in bed. You seem to have fooled yourself into thinking the only way a girl could be experienced in bed is if she's fucked half the town, which is very not true.
The discrimination they faced ended far less than 150 years ago, segregation only ended in the 60s. Jesus, it was like 50 years ago that they were allowed to even occupy the same space as white people. Of course were still seeing the fallback of that. Dont be such a dunce.
As soon as your grandpa was a slave and your people were only allowed to occupy the same space as others 50 years ago you'll have a point to make. Segregation wasnt that long ago.
Panicked people with no required training firing their guns.....no possible way that could make shit worse.
Yeah you could illegally get a gun but it will cost you an arm and a leg, the average criminal isn't gonn be able to fork over that sort of cash. And the last massacre in Australia occured right before they made their ban on guns and they havnt had a single one since, how many has America had in even the last 3 years? The rest of the first world has strict gun control and it works wonderfully for us. You guys have a weird gun fetish.
Oh he did show up and Jesus was the legit son of God? Present your evidence for this and Ill concede, if not then get out of here with baseless assertions.
God is supposed to be all knowing. He knows exactly what would convince me. Either he chooses to not show himself to me or he is not capable of doing so.
I mean if you gotta force the label "people" onto everybody.
I think that either your school sucked or your country has shitty public education standards. We had already done basic long division by that point.
Even some M just makes me wanna have a cuddle puddle on a couch with some blankets and friends. Nothing about dancing seems fun to me at that moment. Too many strangers at the club that I cant hug but want to.
Yeah I grew up with that shit in Canada, opening those is like breathing for me, never occurred to me that people might need it explained.
Except he's never tried to take away your guns.
I mean you have less room for enough power to make that 16 ton monster go quickly when it's as armoured as it is. Plus it would have a small army protecting it from the outside as well. Good luck getting through all that shit, and if you do manage to then at that point you've honestly earned the kill.
Plus you damn well know the area has been searched before his arival. Not a damn chance in hell any sketchy looking shit is left in it's path. He is arguably one of the top two hardest men to kill on the planet.
Its like busses, no seat belts required as it will plow through most every vehicle. Plus I'm positive they are included in case of emergency but the weight of the vehicle alone would make most impacts negligible.
Yeah I wanna know where that is the standard price cause I've never seen it that cheap.
Or that that short haired chick slipped bronn an extra antidote before they left since she fancies his D.
Yeah it seems silly that the prince of Dorne, nephew to the viper himself, knowing his stepmom was out to kill his girlfriend would set off without an array of antidotes on him.
I doubt he give them his son if he was behind the poisoning. Plus he's been pretty adamant about the fact that he doesnt kill children and also does not want war since he knows what that entails. Him poisoning her wouldnt make any sense.
Yeah all 3 of them know how to handle a blade. Unless they run of the mill ship crew are secret ninjas rebelling would be a poor choice. And even if they win once they hit the shores of Westoros with a dead or chained up Jamie and a dead little girl theyre all fucked anyways.
I doubt it, even Bronn isn't a killer of innocent children especially when he's already been made a lord back home, plus Jamie was going to make him a considerably higher up lord once they returned. No way Bronn is betraying him.
Ive noticed that girls are more likely to wanna go and dance while rolling at a club while guys tend to wanna be in a quiter environment. I could be wrong but that's been my experience so far.
Most of the first world is pretty socialist and were doing just dandy. Come and talk shit about it when the standard of living is higher in America that in countries that employ higher levels of socialism.
Its like these people think that if it benefits the country it cant be socialist since socialism is a bad thing.
And most of them were born into the money. Moving up social levels is the exception, not the norm.
The rest of the first world that are doing better than the US would like a word with you. The fact that you needed to highlight third world countries to prove your point is just fantastically hilarious.
Discussing socialist policies with half of America is like licking doornobs. The cold war did a number on that country politically. The rest of the first world is quite socialist and we have happier people with a higher standard of living. Americans seem to have an issue not accepting that their way may not be the best way.
Wonderful, you known your points are solid when you have to resort to calling people who disagree with you children. I guess in your mind most of western and northern europe, who are doing very well for themselves, are all children?
There was smoke everwhere. Every giant fire starts off small. If we always waited until the building was an inferno before evacuation people would die. Hindsight is 20/20 and if it had gotten crazy out of control they could have saved lives. They acted when many would stand and watch.
The building is literally on fire with smoke everywhere and you dont consider that in harms way? The fact that people can be as stupid as you baffles me, do you need to set alarms to remind yourself to breath?
Ok then die of smoke inhalation in your sleep. Im sure if you were sleeping and hadnt woken up while your building burned you'd be totally pissed that they woke you up from your nap. Fucking retard.
Yeah its like people here dont think the fireman werent gonna bust in your door anyways. You guys just did it before they arrived, could have saved lives. These people wouldnt be criticizing you if they were asleep during this and you woke them up. Fire spreads quickly and the smoke is deadly. If they even realized how quickly a fire will kill you before you even get a chance to feel the heat of the flames I doubt they'd still be arguing.
Plus when you live in such a stupidly sue happy country I'd also be filming it to cover my own ass when some assholes I saved tries to sue me for kicking in his door when his building is literally going up in flames.
Seriously, if my apartment was on fire and some guys kicked in my door and saved my dog they'd be getting beer bought for them. I don't understand people who would bitch about that. I love my dog, fuck my door, my door means nothing to me, my dog means a great deal to me though.
Just because they happen to be a person doesnt mean it's not also a little WTF. Its anything that makes you pause and think WTF to yourself upon first seeing it.
I'm supportive of them but you cant say they are normal. Normal has a definition and they are not normal.
Their minds usually are? Im very supportive of physical ailments but I have met some serious pricks who get a pass because they are disabled. Being disabled doesnt mean youre a good person.
Wheres the child porn? If their was legit child porn and it was reported as claimed that website would be gone. Child porn is not taken lightly in the west. I find it creepy but underage cleavage and bikini shots arent child porn.
Like that quote stating that if you get your laughs by pretending to be idiots you will inevitably attract real idiots who think they are in good company. That sub may have started as a troll sub but it has now gone beyond that and actually takes itself seriously.
Oh but when SRS makes racist jokes SRS manages to not implode. Horseshoe theory, they went so bloody far to the left that they looped around and became the racists they hate so much.
My father is a proud man and would hate nothing more in life to have his mind intact but need people to wipe his ass and clean his junk for him. If he was ever in an accident that bad I'd rather he die than live through that. More for his sake that mine, Id take care of him until he passed but Id know how ashamed he'd feel for every day of it. Sometimes you wish death on a family member not for selfish reasons but because you cant bear to see them suffer as they do and you just want it to be over, for their sake.
Yeah my parents, despite making decent money have basically no savings and are now separated. There will be no retirement for them and they are too old to work and then they will have to move in with me. It angers me that I will have to sacrifice so many good years of my life because they decided they didnt need a retirement. I know it's selfish but I cant help how I feel about it.
I had this guy I went to highschool with who had a loaded grandfather who bought him a Papa Johns right out of highschool without having to pay him back and to his credit he didn't drive it under. His grandfather then buys him a second one pro bono. He comes back to town to visit and cant stop telling everybody he knew that people just need to buckle down and get their shit together in life. Would be nice to have family with enough money to pay my way to success.
Not the simplest explanation. Invoking god actually makes it incredibly more complicated.
Have you looked at how chaotic and horrible life can be? How you see perfection in that is beyond me. Plus there are so many design flaws in the human body alone that if it was intentionally designed theyre either a shit designer or enjoy suffering. And you ask where everyting came from that makes up the universe? Well where did god come from? You cant say everything needs a point of creation and then conveniently omit god from that.
So what stops us applying the eternal aspect to the universe and just tossing the god idea out the window?
Actually we have some pretty good explanations has to how life could have happened. Read up on abiogenesis to learn more. Just because you cant comprehend it doesnt mean we havnt had brilliant minds mulling it over.
Thats like a puddle becoming aware and looking at the pothole its in and deciding that pothole must be designed to fit it since it fits so perfectly. Unfortunately the puddle was the one that formed to fit the hole. Earth had the right conditions for life to happen but that life is was changed to fit the planet. Go back to the time of the dinosaurs and the atmosphere itself would kill a person. The only reason we are even having this discussion is because the conditions were right, most people know that the chances of winning the lottery are incredibly slim, yet every draw there is a winner.
Making shit up isnt really an answer though.
Works so well together? Our main source of energy and light, without which life as we know would die out gives us bloody cancer.
How is this creepy? Are children being present in a park during the daytime now creepy?
Well I mean all the soap runs down there and my shower mat is a little spongy so during the shower its just filled with soap.
Yeah I live in a house of 4 people, only one of my roommates is a girl that the shower wall is always covered in them. And when the sink inevitably clogs she always seems clueless as to why she's the one expected to deal with it when its always a huge glob of her long hairs that gets pulled out.
Yeah my roommate does this but his girlfriend also seems to feel the need that if they are home at the same time they have to be spending time together. Moving in with an SO requires that youre comfortable not hanging out even if youre both home.
Shitting takes me like a minute, the following 20 minutes is so I'm left the fuck alone for a couple minutes.
This story makes me glad my country has very thorough sex ed.
Im 6"3 and not weak. If I tried to eat the calorie requirements of the average woman I'd become malnourished. I simply do need to eat more.
Testosterone is not beneficial to an immune system. Its the downside we pay just to be so manly all the time.
Not in his mind. For me the floor is where dirty things go and on top of the folding couch in my room is where all of my clean shit goes. Just because you deny doesnt mean I dont have a system.
He's just saving for retirement, that shits worth money. Plus copper wire just seems like one of those things you should have even though you may not use it often.
They also have crazy gun control to go on top of that. Getting ammunition is a pain in the ass and I believe they are all required to be trained before they can own one. I could be wrong but dont they have to do a stint in the military when they turn 18? High gun ownership isnt really an issue when you have strict gun control and a well trained populace, America has the guns but lacks the regulations and training that the Swiss have.
I mean you can stop them from being directly bullied but you cant stop them from excluding and laughing behind their backs. In the end the kid still has no friends and knows people laugh at them even though teachers stop it from happening to their faces.
Yeah I just dont like farting in front of people in general so I wouldnt fart in front of my SO, and since I hold those standards for myself I hold them for an SO as well. I do understand mindless accidental farts happen and you fart when you sleep but nothing turns me off faster than my girlfriend just knowingly letting it rip in front of me.
I hate it when people bring this up. Only a very small percentage of people are jacked enough to still count as obese on the BMI scale. The scale works quite well if youre a standard human and not a body builder. Half the people I see that bring the rock up as an example are obese themselves in the fat way and are not loaded with muscle like the rock.
Kind of hard to speak about an entire gender without using generalizations....
I'm apprenticing to be an electrician and employed by my city, plenty of people do it as a career as its very steady employment where I live and you cant beat a government pension. I also plan on specializing to increase my pay even more. I likely wont be rich as fuck but I'll be comfortable in life.
I'm a big guy, if I need to be dragged to safety I'd rather not have somebody need to call another person in to drag me to safety because we lowered physical standards and they are unable to do it themselves.
I couldnt live with myself if I just left them to rot in a government care home.
But you are statistically more likely to harm yourself or somebody you love than you are to use it in self defence so in this case the downsides do outweigh the upsides.
Yeah I hate seeing a question I'm actually intrigued by without a serious tag cause you just know that every retard on this site will show up to make a shitty joke.
I dont know how much your schools phys ed program sucked but they had us good and sweaty once they had an hour to be through with us.
Dog fighting as a grown ass adult isnt just something you accidentally do. I find it hard to forgive this. Yeah he's served his time, but on the other hand fuck him.
Most definitely. If I had to pick between being raped or death it wouldnt even be a difficult choice.
Even if it isn't it would be a PR nightmare to go after him in this situation. They wont do shit if they're smart.
Weaker than condition one. One being about as shitty as it gets.
Worst I've seen in my city in Canada was -58C with wind chill.
A system that didn't require renewing. It's god were talking about, if he wasnt able to find a way then he is hardly all powerful. Ive always heard god is all powerful and all knowing but everything I've heard about the guy from the bible screams that he is neither.
I've blasphemed against god in all manners and I'm actually in very good health. I guess I'll just have to wait for him to punish me in a very naturally explainable way that is contrary to all of the obviously direct deaths he as commanded.
Even if youre right and he permanently mauled 42 children instead of slaughtering them how does this make him in any way good?
Yeah I could deny my beliefs but in the end god would know I thought he was nothing but a fairy tale and that I was just faking it. So I might as well enjoy myself for he condemns me for a decision I had no choice in.
So original sin doesnt apply to babies? At what age exactly does it kick in? And whu are babies exempt when the bible says everybody is a sinner?
Yeah but I'd like to hear a secular argument against it that doesnt consist of "ew, its icky and makes me feel uncomfortable".
Youre saying that as if being politically biased towards giving people equal rights is a bad thing.
Waaay to uniform in shape and size to be shrapnel.
Even though they have studies that show a kid statistically isnt gonna get messed up from same sex parents. Evidence shows that you are wrong. In fact they find kids get more messed up by divorce than they do sam sex parents but I dont see a huge uproar in the US about the legality of divorce.
Yeah I hold redpill mentality but I live in a liberal country and like half of my friends are gay. Holding a certain position on heterosexual relationships says absolutely nothing about my opinion on gay marriage. I'm actually extremely pro gay marriage, my country has had it legal for over a decade now.
Love for your home country and still having family there. Home is still home.
Its simpler. Of course outliers exists, but were discussing generalities. It would be pants on head retarded to state every single time that we dont literally meam every single woman. Like most guys piss standing up while only a small amount sit to do the deed, so for simplicity we just say men piss standing up.
Meh, if the guys spreads shit about you behind you back he's definitely the type to call the cops if you rough him up. Id rather laugh off the poor bastard than end up with criminal record involving violence.
Ok so its clear now that what you consider common sense is only common sense to people that have already guzzled the kool-aid.
I could be remembering wrong but wasnt there an issue with some of these groups refusing to begin the fight again after chilling with the enemy?
Yeah seriously, I'll call police brutality when I see it but all I see here are police doing their job patiently and even going out of their way not to damage her instrument. She went out of her way to try to get them to arrest her and she got what she wanted. Fuck that lady.
It may not be the same group of woman getting upset over both issues.
So a group demanding equal rights under the law is considered hate to you? Fucking hilarious.
My friend group is diverse as well but we still have guys nights cause the dynamic does change once girls are tossed into the mix. Gotta censor ourselves.
I think its because around 50% of woman dont actually ride the dick up and down so theirs an actual stroke, they just rub themselves on the pelvis in a back in forth motion using my dick as a grinding pole, feels great for the girl cause clit stimulation but has zero sensarion for guys. Some depending on which of those she does I either love or hate cowgirl.
Give me one verified case of such a clear cut miracle and Ill give you thousands of examples of crazy people claiming to have spoken to Jesus.
Its the more realistic scenario. If I told you I made bffs with big foot while chilling with some Aliens what is more likely, that I'm telling the truth? Or that I'm fucking crazy.
No, but enough money has been able to pull it off.
Yeah looking at the picture of the kid I doubt they were healthy people. Your child doesnt become obese unless you also treat yourself like shit.
You see lots of obese people over the age of 75?
So, did they give the WII to the kids?
Eating shrooms before going to a club? Jesus christ that would be a nightmare.
We get our drunken assholes just like everywhere else.
Have you forgotten that we are animals? We're no better and we have our mating dances and ploys. I think its hilarious that anybody has convinced themselves that we as a species are above being controlled by biology.
Seriously, where I live we have literally the cleanest tap water in the world. I wanna smack anybody I see using a britta filter. Like shit, is it still not good enough?
Plus people born into that world will be naturals at it. Its all they've known.
Where in Canada? I go to bars all the the time and were rarely talking about the US.
Yeah these guys were either hanging with the shittiest people or was being a dick himself. This is not as common as they make it sound.
You cant just tease us like that.
I won't even pretend like I even considered giving you gold but good god this is wonderful.
I dont know the exact words but they are tendons in your knees. Really shitty to tear and take forever to heal. Often over years and some surgeries.
His money? It was his dads money. It doesnt take a genius to turn a big pile of money into more money. Making more money is easy when youre already rich as shit.
Scummy enough? What did you guys have to do to get booze? Here in Canada you'd just get a friends older sibling to buy it for you. Nothing scummy involved.
Nice b8 m8.
That's just bizarre.
Because praying doesn't do anything.
All it takes is getting laid twice by the end of college? That's barely anything. Not exactly like thats raking it in.
Drink less water.
Being upset is fine, but taking that out on your ex is ridiculous. She dumped him, he had a rebound, she has less than zero right to be upset with him. Dont want your ex to fuck other people? Dont break up with them.
Its like she has no idea behind marriage laws.
They all do though.
Yes but I feel like basic social skills shouldnt fall under the description of a lifeprotip.
I only downvoted you because you spent 90% of your comment bitching about downvotes you hadnt even gotten yet.
Well the people who didnt start off rich but worked for the money will understand being frugal, not so much the people born into money.
