Why? Buffalo already had Shady and FredEx. Off-field issues aside there is no need for him in Buffalo. Now a cast off CB, OG, QB sure but not another RB.
So... about that suicide pact.
What about Darcy? I can't think of a team with two assistant GM's.
Perhaps OWA is disabled in an attempt to prevent email leaking out of the LAN.
That's great. Do you know of a version that also works for scheduled tasks?
Yes. I should have been more clear. That way you can find any tasks and services running as a user.
I have a three bombers of Southern Tier creme brulee stout that I would gladly trade.
That was a really good question OP. Follow up to /u/vTSE assuming there is over-subscription leading to some core contention (2x4vCPU, 2x2vCPU, 4x1vCPU) would the same statement be true? Would the 2x4vCPU systems be split up between pCPU or could you have contention on one PCPU with 8vCPU trying to access 6pCPU, while the other 8(2x2vCPU + 4x1vCPU) try to access 6pCPU?
While Bern's is good I dont find it any more special than one of the better steakhouses you can get in any other city. That's not to say it is not good. But if I were visiting in Tampa i would look for a Tampa thing to do. If were were in the mid-west then you can say steak.
I mean 4 vCPU (two VMs), 2 vCPU (two VMs), 1 vCPU (four VMs). That way I am putting 16 vCPU in 12 pCPU.
I thought that was Rollins at first.
So he is basically Morn IRL.
5.56 will fix any PC. :)
Pm me.
Just like Clarkson, eh?
Dont forget Risto.
Just rolled in. I picked up milk.
/u/dredding is not the manager or anything else. Before gaspars was the place on friday it was dunderbacks, however it moved to gaspars to be more central for people. Heck the first one i went to was 6 people.
&gt; giant sink holes Buffalo calls them potholes on the highway. Fuck you 198!
I was nice meeting you as well. I hope to see you again soon.
http://www.salon.com/2014/04/11/6_most_absurd_things_the_christian_right_has_blamed_on_gays_partner/
There is also /r/tampajobs which is fairly active. I personally think you are a bit low on the floor of 45k. 55-70k sounds a bit closer, however housing in tampa has gone up quickly so look at the total cost of living.
Chris Gratton
So basically Adam Oates?
I would not disagree the Thornton was more dominant. I guess my point was how many people think of Oates as an elite dominant player. For the most part time has forgotten him for the casual fan and I think the same will be true of Jumbo Joe; Loved in SJ and remembered by players of the era but no more. Having said that Oates is in the HoF, so there is that.
If it doesn't break NDA can you give me a rough break down of what you purchased?
How much raw storage?
a two for one special of Bickell and Oduya. We get the rights to the latter by taking the former.
A six pack of Kane's choice and future considerations if Oduya signs.
Done on the condition Kaner drinks it all before the next sabres game.
You know I'm down.
Sr systems, what does that mean? LAMP stack, cisco, WIMP, as always more details are always good.
Speaking of which I have two 4 Day Passes including the Friday Masquerade ball. I spent 190 for them. If anyone wants to buy them let me know.
https://imgflip.com/i/mq0le
We could set up a slip 'n slide on the hill.
That's OK, I'm a Sabres fan living in Tampa. How do you feel about prospects and picks for your riot gear? I miss the lack of fun smack talk between towns in the playoffs.
I was thinking a good dog, your awesome pizza, goose island, etc...
Done! That's a perfect example.
While it may have a skyline they are still working on the snow thing.
McDavid is a better player but there is something very fitting about Buffalo getting a US born player with a chip on his shoulder who works hard, perhaps drinks a bit too much, he is just so Buffalo.
Ooh... that looks neat.
Shot glass works for me.
How do you feel about cigars?
I thought about that but I dont see how a cuban could be shipped up. Having said that Cubans are the bomb.
He didn't want to live in a world where subreddits are banned.
Channeling their inner Corey Perry to be a dick. I hope you publicly shamed the user.
It will be great to see you for an extended period. Are you bringing the Missus?
I can either do beer or cigars. I'm trying to keep it under $20 that way people don't flake. Let me know how you like your cigars or style of beer.
Well that's a given. :) If you ship it down I'll post a video/pic of a bunch of bolts fans doing a shot.
For the cost of that I could probably ship an actual cuban to make it and have them take the ingredients as carry on. Which while awesome would be wholly impractical.
&gt; 3-4 years. We still use dell 755 for a lot of users desktop when the are using TS, RemoteApp or other server side apps 90% of the time. Those boxes are 7+ years old.
Thank the gods we dont have that. All we have is cigars and strippers.
As a counter to your job I have two main reps i go through. One I inherited and one found me. I love them both and send about 250k through each. Neither call me more than once a month (5-10 Min) and I have gone quarters with out actually talking to them. One is a local VAR the other a national chain (rot13 PQJ). Neither of them sell me anything, what the do is offer purching opportunities to help me alleviate pain points at my company. Frankly they may know my company better than I do. They both are perfect *partners*. Conversely, I get cold called all the time and none of them have closed.
What is the Sales response to "I'm interested but not this quarter/year call me back in six months"?
I love it.
&gt; How much money are you losing by not handling this now?" My response to that is typically $0. I dont want you to know my internal number and leverage that for later.
&gt; two guys Guy and a woman WFIW. Heck my PQJ guy has not sold me anything in months and he still took me to 3 sporting games and a dinner. We talked business 75% of the time. From that he knows I'm spending probably 200k on storage and 150k of VoIP this year. However like I said, he rarely calls me to sell. Only to touch base and keep his pipeline working. I wish every rep was like that.
&gt; T&amp;E case Travel and expense?
He didnt even go to Buffalo first. You traded him to the Islanders for a 4th rounder.
They got brought over when we hired a new director.
Yea, problem is the goals would roll into both nets with that line, a questionable D and no goalie as of yet.
9 F and 6 D. Three lines is the future. /s
If you have carpet I've found that baking soda sprinkled on the carpet 15-20 before vacuuming help remove many of the smells.
Sound good. There you go Detroit (four 2nd rounders and two 3rds) I know you are going to pick some Scandinavian I've never head of who turns out to be an all star. Actually now that I think about it that might be a fair trade. I doubt it happens but the value according to charts is actually right. It's also a heck of a way to start a rebuild. http://donttellmeaboutheart.blogspot.com/2014/11/nhl-draft-pick-value-chart.html
33 overall but not 16.
Fred Jackson. Good RB who gets supplanted time and time again yet still would be a starter on half the teams, which I believe the *the* definition of the Dalton line.
Nor do we need to worry about cap hit for the next two years. Not a lot of teams can absorb $8Mil/yr.
Dont forget 900k+ of that can get buried in the AHL if need be. For a 500k cap hit he could, if need be, mentoring the kids in the last year.
It would mean Buffalo gets the best draft pick.
http://lmgtfy.com/?q=amazon+glacier+encryption Q: Is my data encrypted? Yes, all data in the service will be encrypted on the server side. Amazon Glacier handles key management and key protection for you. Amazon Glacier uses one of the strongest block ciphers available, 256-bit Advanced Encryption Standard (AES-256). 256-bit is the largest key size defined for AES. Customers wishing to manage their own keys can encrypt data prior to uploading it. http://aws.amazon.com/glacier/faqs/ Having said that, since they manage the keys you could make the argument that is not as secure as it could be.
So what is Toronto trading Kessel for and how will it help the Leafs win the cup...
You're trying to get all the NPR strippers to come over aren't you. I see your ulter motives.
Just pulled in.
It was nice meeting you and your wife who apparently moved under table via magic.
Well you could measure once and cut twice. Either way there will always be three actions.
Close enough is good enough for me!
ITT tech = trashcan
Rehire Nonis. Otherwise i think the leafs have done a good enough job on their own.
I edited an HP option in as well if you could ballpark that.
Where did you pull those photos from? I'd love to see some old aerial photos to see Tampa's growth.
Well there goes my weekend.
Awesome!
And to think our cheap ass team let him walk for money. While I like Eric Wood that was not close to a fair deal. SMH
Lord knows we have enough practice with booing his father.
Let's not get ahead of ourselves now.
&gt; "lol no one hacks" I had the same thought for a while. My response was always that "perhaps the player is just better than you." then I watched a few games as spectator. You see someone move to where their target will be in 3 seconds which is not possible if the target is on the other side of a wall. 30 degree tuns for a perfect headshot while the sniper is running, etc... Funny thing is if they turned the amount of improbability down a bit to just help a little as compared to a lot I dont think you would get anyone complaining as noone would know. One of there days I should probably get a paid copy of LMAO and test it out to see exactly how it works. OTOH I'm not 15 and have a life outside.
My first thought was Risto plus the Buffalo first. Too high a price on the Buffalo side and probably not enough for Oil fans.
If you are referring to my second paragraph I meant more in the hook Wireshark and IDA pro up and see what it actually does.
I doubt it. TM seems really happy with a 1/2 punch of Eichel/Samson. Also the trade of Kane makes no sense in that context.
I'm thinking the top of the Riv.
Wait, Buffalo has a 1st string QB?
EKane is 24, you dont get him to build a core around 20-24 year olds (EKane, Samson, Grigs, Ennis, Risto, etc...) just to move a 20 year old for an 18 year old in a position that will take longer to develop (Hanifin) or is not as good relative to the core (Strome/Marmer) in two years.
I swear pyro is the most thankless job next to medic. You spend the whole game spy checking so nobody get back-stabbed and your team is like "W+M1 pyro!!"
We really need a Larry Robinson award for best defensive D-man.
In south Buffalo those dogs are solid 8s.
So Boston now has 13, 14 and 15.
I read that as "to get (attack) (Ryan) Miller"
Wait he got shadowbanned? How did i miss this?
Yes.
/u/trollabot kenfury
Its not that he cant skate, its that his shot suppression is in the bottom 5% of the league.
Oh God, you are giving me Tim and Sid flashbacks. You monster!
I didn't see the word smuggling anywhere in /u/Drop_The_puck post. Don't get your jump to conclusions mat out yet. EDIT: frankly after what happened years ago in regards to another hockey board, defamation lawsuits, and a certain GM that reminds me of a hedgehog I'd keep my mouth shut until facts come out.
July and August
NHL contracted players on one way deals do count against the cap. However the first 900k or so of a players contact does not count against the cap. So in this case it is a wash, in Mike Richards case LA still had a multi-million cap hit.
I cant even.
He was in a bench clearing brawl in the KHL. Vityaz vs Avangard
You are one of the lucky 10,000 today. Seriously, It's pretty good.
Let's also not forget who never shows up to the whole North Tampa Cabal/meetup
A bit cool, so we are taking the Florida table.
Well it was Knight.
How about a 3 way? I havent seen one of those in a while. Buff --&gt; TBL, Harmonic --&gt; WPG, Drouin --&gt; NYI DO IT! Note: this probably will not reflect actual value.
Funny, I thought you could only get that at the nightclubs in Montreal.
Yea, it was more to keep the wild ride going.
Can we get some JR or Milbury impressions?
Well Halak and Stewart got you Miller and Ott.
&gt; Harmonic Auto-correct and I have a love/hate relationship.
Because we have a league that does it best to enforce a culture of conformist, milquetoast people who dont celebrate.
&gt; The kind of applicant I want to hire does not ask open, fluffy questions like this. &gt; &gt; The kind of applicant I want to hire has already researched broad, open topics like this, and already knows the generalized answer. &gt; &gt; The kind of applicant I want to hire asks specific, detailed questions - and provides a reference or hint to where they base their current half-assumption to what the answer might be. Amen Brother!
Plus, Tampa is generally regarded as having some of the top talent in the Single Mothers of America Foundation.
I would argue you are poorer for not having that experience in life, but to each their own.
I'm guessing you had your shoes licked right in front of Steak-Out? He was famous for that corner. Imagine my surprise when i moved to Tampa and found we had one as well. Do you remember Starchild who sold stuff in front of the UU church on Ferry?
I just arrived with cow-orker in tow.
The most serious parody album. If you look at who is playing the instruments it's a who's who of nashville.
It close but i think they will need to add a conditional mid round pick for the value to be right.
Or Ralph Wilson. IIRC he was the only one who refused to let the Brown leave.
What does that say that the two closest teams as well as AFL orignals (Steelers and Bills) didn't want them to move. Plus Raiders abstained
After the shitshow that was the WPG thread I'm glad to have a nice thread.
if the NHL wanted to increase scoring, they could also start calling any one of the 50+ interferences in the neutral zone as well as the "finishing the check" BS this league has decided is acceptable.
&gt; I was instructed to demote the existing VMs, remove them from the domain, power them off, then bring up the new DCs using the same hostname and IP as the VM being replaced. Why?! Build new DCs, let them co-exist, Promote new DC, move roles over if you have any (DNS, DHCP, etc..) demote the old DC, power off old DC. There should be a few days between each of those steps as well as verification nothing broke.
Unless you have a win2k enviroment there are no PDC/BDC, however it is used as short hand by many a greybeard for FSMO roles.
For years the Hackers on Planet Earth used a very similar setup for all of their core routing. IIRC it was mainly because BSD would not fall over on one of the more hostile environments on the earth.
I you are going to do Miller, you might as well look at the 5th rd pick we got him with and where that pick came from. The Mogilny tree is amazing.
In case anyone stumbles on this thread, to get tr_walkway to work you must enter in the console sv_cheats 1 sv_allow_point_servercommand always *before* you open tr_walkway otherwise there will be no bots.
Powerjack cant remove sappers.
If so i certainly don't remember nor approve of it.
There's dozens of us, dozens.
It looks like the next bout is February 27th.
I knew the Caps were having a good year but 33-7-3 is impressive.
I add about a teaspoon of A1 steaksauce and about a tablespoon of bread crumbs as an eat able binder. To each their own.
Yea, all they do is win.
Confirmed drunk advice.
http://imgur.com/knzIP4b
Young, top pairing LHD to work with Risto for the next 5 years.
What took you so long? I started hours ago.
Brigading by a bunch of groups including the "younger" podcasters, Sportsnet personalities, reddit, and anyone who enjoys sticking their thumb in the stodgy NHL. A lot of people got behind it.
Or Mike Modino
Wosh!
I've taken that train 3 times in the last two year and it is packed. Doubly so once you consider the hours that it travels at. I would think a thrice a day train would be a boon.
SD only but still better than nothing. Thanks
short answer not really http://schizophreniabulletin.oxfordjournals.org/content/36/1/26.full
I'd be happy for a Bills game that matters in December.
This season was over after the KC game.
&gt; The phrase I hate using the most is "power event". "Multiple and simultaneous backhoe events"
Yes. I have my personal account, with a roaming profile, email, IM, etc... This is a regular user with no special rights I have a separate kenfury-admin account that holds domain admin. This account has no userland access, no email, no SMB share, etc... This account is only for admin tasks.
Ouch.
That is all I have wanted. Keep the 4k, I'll watch 2560x1440 @ 60fps all day.
It's really split. There are a lot of Yankee fans but there are a bunch of anti-yankee fans (BoSox/Mets) then depending who has the parent rights to our AAA team and who is hot some fans of them (Indians or Jays). Mostly though it's just apathy.
He can get RoR money just not RoR term. I dont think many teams would complain about a 6.5, 5.5, 4 on a three year deal. However contracts cant backdive like that anymore. Instead it has to look like a 5.5, 5.5, 5.0
Dangle will be out of a bunch of material.
Boooo!
I'm guessing Tommy Salo is #1.
I dont know about that. While the Habs may have all the cups much like the Yankees, I've always thought the Leafs were they Yankees/Cowboys of the NHL.
&gt; Until I learn otherwise I'm going to assume they're spammers trying to get their hands on clean IP addresses. Yes that is correct
Are the leafs going to stay down in Florida for the next few days to get some golf practice in?
Drunken pirates. It's gasparilla this weekend which is a bunch of pirate themed drinking and partying outside.
Watch the replay behind the TBL icing line. I thought it was an elbow at first but the replay shows a fery different picture
The ASG was the swan song of DiPietro's career. I still remember something along the lines of "I busted my knee". He was never the same after.
third-ed. Is there a mechanism for a 30 day ban for first time offenders as compared to a permaban?
I think Bettman just had a stroke
Another option of things you can do is take the #20 bus (or a cab) up to the top of Elmwood and walk from Buffalo State college/Art Gallery south for about two or three miles toward the arena, There are quite a number of cafes, shops, and bars. You can do it as quickly as about an hour or it can take an entire afternoon or evening depending on your pace. it also has the benefit of a variable pricing you could literally spend as little as $2 each for bus fare.
I left the start time open. Historically we said 1pm and some people showed up a bit early to help setup while others did not roll in until 3 or 4. Thoughts about what I should edit starting time to?
I'll bring some citronella candles to help a bit.
Those are not so hot anymore.
I've been to some pretty hard partying multiday events in weather just as hot as Florida and the only real issues we typically see is people not hydrating enough. Barring opiates/coke it's really hard to OD. It is really easy to be need a few liters of saline.
Exactly. The number of times I've gone to a festival and carried extra water with me and given it to people saying "you look hot, remember to hydrate" and you can see the thought process go "oh yea, water i should have that" is amazing. The other real issue is that by the time you are dangerously dehydrated you are not thirsty nor sweating.
I'm not mad you posted this, I'm mad you beat me to it.
Come to the meetup and find /u/Elkanor
Oh boy. Thats going to be a fun/dangerous 16 hours.
See this is the kind of out-of the box thinking /r/tampa needs.
Are you bringing water balloons?
I'm also always down for a game.
I would love if the tf2maps.net servers somehow could get into the official beta rotation. Instead we have 100 valve servers sitting empty with either MM, MvM, passtime running.
I'd rather you build up your tele to Level 2 so I dont have to walk than have your gun up to Lv 3. "Sentrys get kills, Dispensers save lives, Teleporters win games"
I'm not into victim blaming (much) but how freaking stupid do these guys have to be? Show a little situational awareness.
Nothing good happens After 2 A.M. would be a starter. I'd also follow that with don't go north of Palm.
Thats right boyo get those pucks in deep, go hard into the dirty areas, and keep your stick ready. Now I'm not saying a russian cant do it they just dont like it like a good old Ontariu'h boy.
Coming? It's already here. Have you been on 56 lately?
I came here to post "Shut up Harrington you cock" thank you for doing my work for me.
I still miss Bob Cole and Harry Neale.
I sugguested a simple change not to long ago, cut down half an inch or so on the cheater and make the glove look like a glove as compared to a Jai Alai glove. http://imgur.com/1aEnYKI EDIT: I love it 4 responses, three of them saying one of the suggestions is fine and another is a bad idea. The fourth says its where we are going. So we are no closer to a consensus.
yea, it was a lazy line on the thumb, the line should have been about half an inch further out.
I'm not suggesting just chopping off the tip, you would also shallow the pocket. I was playing with my glove at home and you can do it. Think of the difference between a baseball catchers mitt, vs a fielders glove.
Would you be willing to go back to stick technology in the 90s if it meant that goalie pads would also go down? Baseball allows only wooden bats, hockey could ban one piece composite stick if they really wanted to.
I figure I should be there around 9 or so.
Also if anyone wants a distraction there is wrestling next door if you are into that type of thing
Who are you again?
And you know it wont be framed as a hate crime.
I met Gordie once and had the privilege of shaking his hand. This was twenty years ago and i was a teenager. His hands were like cinder blocks both in sheer size and hardness. I've never seen hands like that.
The hacker in me loves the 2600:: is a telecom
