This is what's holding me back from buying the game too. Buying a house out in the country has its downsides.
Got married. Bought a house. Expecting first born next month. Best year of my life.
Definitely seems recent. There isn't a guitar in sight.
Just a joke. I love the stuff from Currents so far.
They prefer meese.
What a ridiculous complaint.
She knew.
I used to eat a bologna sandwich with American cheese and miracle whip on white bread almost everyday as a kid. I only recently started eating mayo again after a fifteen year break. Still don't eat bologna, American cheese or white bread and I doubt I will ever again.
If I were to bet 100 dollars that you are wearing flip flops, I would take that bet.
Diddy Kong Racing was remade for the DS. Donkey Kong Country Returns and Xenoblade - two games for the Wii - were remade for 3DS. I guarantee you there is not a single conversation at Nintendo HQ that is going along the lines with your reasoning. There isn't a pattern with remakes that Nintendo is following. You have one example of a GameCube game being remade for the Wii U. You are basing this entirely on the fact that there are three N64 remakes on the 3DS, but you're also discounting the two Wii games that also had a remake. So what can we conclude? Nothing!
So these games originally came out on a home Nintendo console, and the newest home Nintendo console is the only place we won't be seeing this collection. Hm.
Man I wish I could replay that game over again for the first time. You saved the best for last.
We have that. It's called Super Mario World.
I wish I had done some more research before buying this game. Nothing wrong with the game at all, but I have satellite internet and a data cap that throttles to dial up speed after reaching the cap. As it stands, if I play an hour of online I will eat up an entire gigabyte of data. Luckily I have unlimited use during 12a to 5a. But I also work 9 to 5. So at best if I want to cut into my sleep I can get in an hour after midnight without using up data. This game is awesome, but I'm already seeing the effects of owning the game without full online capabilities as an option. Years down the line when the servers are done, I won't be putting this game in to play single player mode.
Yeah. It's even worse because I've had unlimited high speed internet for as long as it's been widely available. I bought a house out in the forest which is awesome, but I won't be getting internet here probably ever. Satellite is the only way to go. Now I have to really decide if I want to watch a YouTube video which is something that I've never really had to do before.
Ahh that's good to hear!
I remember forgetting to leave my backpack in my locker after my school began enforcing a no backpack in the classroom policy to prevent shootings. Class was stopped once my government teacher noticed I had my backpack with me and he asked me to remove my backpack from the classroom. I don't know why he thought that would have prevented me from using a gun if I had one.
I would say so. This game has a ton of charm. You'll likely beat the game the first time you sit down with it, but you can't play each level on any given play through. There are alternate paths and warps to access different levels. Basically the first level will be the same every time but that's it. Play it for the one liners if anything.
Hopefully. Can't wait to play Mario Kart 16 online without a data cap. I live in the country.
I really don't understand this logic. Prayer is answered based off of first hand experience: god exists. Prayers are not answered in others' experience: god exists. Not to be dark, but if your sister didn't recover, do you think your parents would have still found god after your dad's prayer?
On the contrary, what if their closest support system at the time happened to be atheist or of a different religion? Do you think that would have altered their decision to became associated with a specific religion?
No because then it isn't about them and their beliefs being "violated".
Yeah that had me wondering if I would like that too. Vampire Weekend pulled that off with Diane Young, but it's still kind of weird.
As someone who has been checking this sub at least every hour for the past two weeks, please don't title your posts with "finally" in all caps.
Yeah but the Wii U is actually good though. I had a friend that's never owned a Nintendo system other than handhelds visit the other weekend and we played MK8, Splatoon and DKTF. He kept telling me "man I need a WiiU, but I'll probably just wait for Xenoblade" all weekend. I didn't think much of it until a few hours after he left he texted me a picture of a Splatoon bundle with MK8. I don't know if there is any other console that has that kind of power. To instill that much of an impression that warrants an impulse buy. Definitely not the same as Sonic's bullshit.
It's just a theorem though!
Not to mention the slow drip allows for sales on games that might otherwise not happen. If they released them all at once, Nintendo will surely report a good quarter if they release all VC titles at once. But then the following quarters will be nowhere near that quarter in VC sales.
Does anyone else want to share their personal feelings about how they feel about Currents? Please make a new thread, and continue to make new threads every time you have a new revelation regarding your feelings and expectations about the album. Thank you.
The Moment and TLIKTB are definitely contenders for dance floor material.
Old Leghumper from Thirsty Dog.
One of my best friends growing up became an alcoholic at some point. His wife blames his alcoholism on everyone but him. Right after his wedding, and a year before mine, he got pulled over for a DUI after leaving a going away party for myself and my significant other, she called us the next morning bitching us out because he was in jail and we should have stopped him from leaving (I had no idea that he left). She contacted all of his friends that were there and told us how horrible of people we were. Fast forward a year later and he's in my wedding. We invite his new family to our wedding, but only he shows up after the rest of them RSVP that they are attending (which is super awesome considering how compliant I was when I was apart of their wedding). He gets completely wasted and had to work at six in the morning the next day. He eventually wanders off, is nowhere to be found and has a dead cell phone. His wife calls our hotel room on our wedding night and is bitching at us because she can't find her husband. We don't talk much anymore.
The scene in Dirty Work where they plant the fish in the house full of mobsters, then they narrate the massacre that ensues off screen. Also: "Well you see the problem here is we lied on our resumes, and we actually don't know anything about construction" "When's lunch?"
Not a foolproof analogy. I sell hearing aids for a living, and you wouldn't believe how many people tell me when I ask where they have the most difficulty hearing that they have trouble hearing when people are far away from them.
I wish.
And that's not unreasonable. I think if you're drinking more than 10 beers a week, you should expect that there might be health risks that will come with that. Edit: I'm not saying you can't drink 10 beers a day if you really want to. But if you do, and expect to still maintain your health, you're gonna have a bad time.
If you get drunk more than three nights out of the week, every week, you're probably an alcoholic anyway.
They are on Chapter 9 though. There is a fight that you can't use your skell in.
You didn't miss much.
This happened with my grandma. Met someone on Christian Mingle after my grandpa died, wired thousands to him. My cousin caught wind of it and had to get the rest of the family involved because my grandma wouldn't listen to my cousin when she told her that this person isn't who she thinks he is. It was kind of sad. This person's profile picture looked a lot like the man in the shopped picture too.
He removed the pencil sharpener from the wall and created a trail of riddles to its location in the room. Our Trig teacher was a very smart guy, but jokes kind of went over his head. The whole class was always sarcastically enthusiastic and he ate it up. Anyway, we're all taking a test and I can't concentrate because our teacher is hilariously walking around the room trying to solve each riddle to find the pencil sharpener. The next day it's back on the wall, and the class clown is making a cardboard shield around the pencil sharpener so it won't happen again. Then sometime after deer piss was poured into the AC vent so an entire wing of the school smelled of piss.
Have you played Prime Hunters before...? I would rather play Other M three times through before I ever try to play Hunters again. Multiplayer is great, single player is awful.
The game is a remake of a game that was originally on a home console. Tyte logic.
Yankee Hotel Foxtrot, Gimme Fiction, Blue Screen Life, You Forgot It In People, Atlas and Lonerism.
Why wasn't Skyward Sword, a game that came out one year before the WiiU, much like how the new Zelda for WiiU will be released one year before NX comes out, released on Wii and WiiU?
Pinky finger
Why do you think anyone here would know this?
It all depends on how much you like the game. I love Zelda, and TP. I also have NSMB Wii, but would I buy an HD update of this game? No.
I frequently use Rotten Tomatoes critic score to determine whether or not I'm going to spend money to see a movie in theaters, and after seeing the trailer for this movie, I scoffed at it and wondered how bad of a score a reboot of an action movie would have. I fully expected anywhere between 20-40%, but when I saw 98% for the critic score I was completely dumbfounded. Then I saw the movie, and as a person that is not an action movie guy, it was easily one of the best movies I had seen in a long time.
And don't forget to scan it before you enter the room!
I have been spelling suede as swayed for 27 years.
D
This song will becoooome the aaanthem of your undergrooound
Wasn't Prime Trilogy and Other M rated T? Isn't this par for the course?
No matter what you think about the aesthetics of the game, the rating is likely the way it is because it is a shooter from a first person perspective. Prime Trilogy, Hunters, Other M and Federation Force all received a T rating and they all have first person perspective shooting in the game.
I would rather play Other M three times in a row before I have to stomach playing this game again. One of the most boring games I've ever played. I actually think I would rather play Other M over Metroid, Metroid 2 and MP3.
I would argue that MP3 is just as linear as Other M. The action puts Other M above MP3 in my opinion. The story is bad in Other M, and the parts where you have to spend 10 minutes trying to find the point of interest in the first person perspective are awful, but other than that, I find Other M to be an enjoyable experience. I've beaten the game twice. I have attempted to beat Hunters twice. One time when it came out in 2005(2006?) and I gave it another try in 2012 when I assumed I wasn't giving it a chance back then. Nope. I pushed through about an hour past the part where I gave up years back, but succumbed to the utterly boring game and quit again.
Even better when that online code has an expiration date. I bought a book with an online access code that was required, but I had to drop the class due to a scheduling conflict and I signed up for the class the following semester. I already activated the code before I dropped the class. Two weeks before I was finished with the course the following semester, my access expired. I couldn't do anymore homework. I called the textbook company and explained the situation. Their answer? I have to buy the 400 dollar book with access code all over again to finish the last two weeks. I can't even describe how angry I was. I unloaded on the customer service representative. I know it's not their fault but I couldn't help it. Luckily I noticed that the website offers a free two week trial. I ended up having to sign up for the free trial to finish the course. So fucking stupid.
You going to Rio with those mental gymnastics?
If it helps, the majority of these songs are on their new album Star Wars.
I'm pretty sure there was an episode where one of the characters is trying to book a motel room and the clerk asks if the stay will be by the hour or the whole night.
I know this seems cliché, but I'd like an unexpected twist in the story. If it happened after the third dungeon, I would be expecting that. I mean something drastic happens 80% through the main story. The bad guy seriously gets the upper hand. Their intentions from the beginning were actually realized. Link's path to victory becomes unclear. The world becomes grim and a plan B has to be devised. Something different from "get 3 of this, story stuff, get 3-5 of this, finish game".
Same here. I played Blue and Gold when they came out. Started to realize how boring they were, then moved onto other RPGs. I decided to give it a try again when X came out. I had to force myself to finish the main story but I found it incredibly boring. Not for me.
I feel like I'm one of five people that really liked Other M. Of the Metroid games I've played I would rank them: Super Prime 1 Fusion Prime 2 Zero Other M Prime 3 Hunters
I find it odd that George Harrison has a Twitter account.
MMMPAKTAMMPAKTAOOOoOoO
If anything, gyro aiming. And that's a good thing.
Get a Wii U
Totally different circumstances.
I think it is. I started listening to Tame Impala right after Lonerism came out, and I definitely thought that the album was the band at their peak. I didn't think there was any possible way to top that album. When Currents came out, I initially thought the album was much weaker than the first two. After listening to Currents for this past year and thinking objectively about how they stack up, I have to move Currents to the top. The album is just unreal. If Lonerism swapped Suns Coming Up with Led Zeppelin, I think it might be a different story. I personally think Suns Coming Up should have been a b-side and Nothing That Has Happened should have been the last track on the album.
I'd say Salad Days is the most accessible and the best starting point. I would go from Salad Days, then 2, then Another One, then Rock and Roll Night Club (as a big fan of the first three, I cannot seem to get into this one at all).
I think Star Fox Zero is the best Star Fox game ever made.
I don't think you're talking about either Xenoblade game. I don't think either of them had a demo, and I can't think of what you'd be referring to about slicing toes.
Same. My dad happens to be a Methodist pastor though, so it's basically his entire life and it's really uncomfortable anytime the subject comes up because it's hard for me to fake my interest. We live pretty far away from my parents though so my family can avoid the situation for the most part. My daughter is turning one next month though, and they have got to be wondering why we haven't planned a baptism yet.
I'm gonna bet you've heard at least one of his songs before.
Your brother sounds fun.
This post has been brought to you by Murphy's law.
Huh? Can you miss a heart piece?
And Galaxy 2.
I would hate to see the next Star Fox ditch the gyroscope aiming. I mean, Star Fox is probably toast for at least another ten years anyway.
I had 100-150 or so at one point. Basically the N64/GameCube era if I recall. Really wish I held onto them.
Star Fox Zero is the best Star Fox game by a long shot. I went back and played 64 again after I collected all of the medals in Zero, played halfway through the campaign, and went back to Zero. It's not even close.
You can get it for 1.50 if you have it on the Wii VC already. Might be worth it for that off screen play.
:(
And there's also a chance that this won't happen.
Rural voter here. I voted for Clinton.
No way dude. NSMBU is the best 2D MARIO game ever made. I've played through that game countless times, but 3D World was a one time play through. I think everyone else would be singing it's praises if it wasn't the 4th one in the series.
Completely agree. I think a lot of people are turned off by the same themes for the worlds and the same music theme that's constant in all of the previous games, and I get that, but the quality of the level design is unmatched.
Whoever made this doesn't know shit about fiscal quarters and the importance of distributing investments through out the year.
Something tells me that a person asking what MySpace was like is also not going to know what Geocities was like either.
Hopefully. I've been doing it for 3 years after smoking for 8. I want to quit doing this pretty soon too. I'll have a cig maybe once every six months, and every time I have one I realize I like vaping better. However I don't whip it out in public because I feel like a turd.
It might be easier to get the Tanooki suits, save, then just reset when you die so you don't have to go through 3-1 all over again.
I can definitely see that as a possibility. My last (and first) record store day experience was terrible. Got there 2 hours early and was 6th in line. I thought there would be a nice line formed for people to sift through the bins when the doors opened. Nope. It was a damn free for all and I was shoved to the back and missed out on what I came for. They really should let people in one at a time and give them two minutes to find what they're looking for before letting the next person in. I'll probably just stay home and try to find a decent price online.
My grandma. After my grandfather passed she met a charming fellow on Christian Mingle who was overseas doing charity work for the lord. She wired him thousands of dollars before my family put a stop to it. Her Facebook always gets "hacked" quite often. Trump supporter.
You didn't miss anything. We haven't seen any tax returns.
Yes
Yeah, dude. Dang.
My worst fear is that the deluxe edition will consist of remixes of songs that are already on Currents. Remember how Currents was supposed to release in early May and the reason why it was pushed back to July of 2015 was because Reality in Motion and New Person didn't have any lyrics or melodies? These two songs were unfinished, so either Kevin knew that he wanted these two songs on the album (and left out other completed songs) just based on the music alone, or what we already have on Currents is really everything he recorded for the album.
Yep. I went to college right out of high school for about a year. I wanted to go for music because I was a dumb idiot at 18-19 who played in local bands. I was so fucking stupid then. Good thing my lack of ambition won so I didn't waste even more time actually following through with that. Went back to school when I was 24 after I did some growing up and I'm about to graduate this spring with a bachelors in HRM. My last semester starts today.
Thank you. I can't wait until this game is announced so Spla2n, Spla2oon or any other variation of this god awful name dies.
Everyone was expecting all of the rumored games at launch. I never did. If you've ever taken a finance course in college, you would understand why.
Why? That's an awful name.
Hey have you played New Super Mario Bros? It's over 10 years old, but it's new. And old. Also new.
I agree with you that it's somewhere in between, however I think that applies to both Galaxy games, not just Galaxy 1. They both had branching paths within the linear worlds.
I also watched Jimmy Fallon last Friday.
That's reasonable. I would be crucified around here if I shared my least favorite Tame Impala song.
I...uh... Apocalypse Dreams. With that being said, I love all TI songs, and by no means dislike Apocalypse Dreams, but it is my least favorite.
I didn't really understand her rebuttal to that question. "I believe children of every age should be treated equally". Huh?
Hey...I liked Star Fox Zero. A lot.
I'm really worried too. Mainly about the right analog stick being directly below ABXY. I feel like it's either going to be uncomfortable to use the stick, or that the bottom of my thumb is going to move the stick when I'm pressing ABXY.
I have. Got it day one way back in 97. I think Zero is the best one in the series that I've played so far. I have yet to play Star Fox Assault.
The pick up note before the second chorus in Cause I'm a Man. Don't know why, but I absolutely love it.
They really can't pull the obstructionism card this time. They have complete control of the reigns.
You're not interpreting hard enough.
As a huge fan of the original trilogy, Returns and Tropical Freeze blow them out of the water. No contest. That's just my opinion though. I also thought Other M was a pretty good game though.
We all know they aren't. But the general public is more familiar with Tame Impala than they are with Pond. Pitchfork refers to them as an offshoot of Tame Impala for the clicks. You could also argue that it doesn't really hurt Pond either. Yeah it kind of diminishes their status as an independent band, but it also increases the likelihood that a casual Tame Impala fan discovers their music.
I seriously doubt there will be anything about Kevin on her new album. I know people are going to be taking anything remotely implicit to a relationship with a "DAE Kevin!?" approach anyway. I honestly don't get the obsession with their relationship. Some think that a number of tracks on Currents are about her. I say Eventually is probably the only one. I don't know, it's annoying. Anyway, I have high hopes for The Weather. I think it has the potential to be Pond's best album. Opening with the three songs that we've heard so far sets the bar pretty high for the rest of the album. 2017 is going to be a great year for music.
Are you just now realizing that Wilco is a liberal band? Jeff has always been pretty outspoken about his beliefs. Did Mermaid Avenue just go through one ear and out the other? Did you not know of their previous activism all through out their career? Did you not know about the progressive foundations and charities they've contributed to? Did you not know they opened for Barack Obama during the 08 campaign? Have you read any of their lyrics?
I hear Elephant all the time at hockey games.
He didn't say that.
Ya
I remember my first finance class.
[Another new one - This Old Dog](https://youtu.be/-fKLy0uKL3Y)
You're not wrong. My son is due to be born that day too. Kind of crazy because my daughter was born on the same day Currents was released.
Well that settles it. Anytime someone mentions the possibility of Lonerism 2 you can direct them to this interview. Ain't happening. I'm okay with that. Sometimes you don't know what you want until you have it. I'm excited for a new direction. Tame Impala isn't about quality psych rock, it's about quality music.
Delete this
I have a slightly on topic story I want to tell. One of my friends, a bigger guy and a guy who loves to smash a frozen pizza all to himself, was drunk at his friends house and decided to make a pizza when everyone was passed out. He didn't want to wake up anyone by preheating the oven and sounding the timer so he decided to thaw out the pizza while he watched a movie by putting the frozen pizza under his shirt. After about twenty minutes of watching Gone in 60 Seconds, he fell asleep. The next morning, he was the last to wake up and he didn't exactly ask the host if he could raid the fridge last night so he has a thawed out stolen pizza under his shirt that he has to somehow get back in the freezer undetected. The next ten minutes or so involved him hopping from seat to seat trying to get closer to the freezer so he could make a run for it and throw it in there. He was successful, but the pizza was deformed and gross.
...geez.
*Holds up spork* Wow so rAnD0m. XD XD. Love it! Can't wait for the rest of the Tame Impala/Minecraft parody series. You should do some Sonic the Hedgehog parodies too! XD XD.
Not surprised that you didn't pick up on the sarcasm. So you saw Tame Impala in 2010? Wow!! Go on...
Wow you sound woke af.
Would definitely take those HD DS Zelda games.
It could be simply because the game isn't for you. However, when Star Fox Zero released, most people didn't like it and some people ended up liking it a lot. I find that those who ended up liking the game a lot spent a lot more time with it. This will likely be true for ARMS. The game is way different from any fighter that we've played before and it will take some getting used to.
FFS
🎣
Wilco is by far my favorite band, but I'd be lying to myself if I didn't feel the same. However I am finding a new appreciation for Wilco The Album and Star Wars, two albums that I didn't like when they first came out, and I now find TWL to be boring which I loved when it came out. But as a whole, yeah I'm feeling bored. I think it's partly due to the fact that Suekirae, Star Wars and Schmilco all seem like they were cut from the same cloth. I think Star Wars and Schmilco should've also been a double album.
Nice
Love this album. A solid 7.5/10. Her second album is going to blow this one out of the water if the single that came out a couple months ago is any indication how the rest of the album will be.
^28 years old, probably.
I think so. There are some things that I wish were different, but the game is still one of my favorite games I've ever played.
Why? It only existed in name. It's not like there's spectacular gameplay footage or discussed concepts planned for the game and then it was cancelled.
&gt;FF7 had good story telling but wasn't much different than the previous 6 Sounds like you never played it at all.
What do like he be when?
You're in luck! It will be $59.99.
So this actually looks kind of good...
I knew he was a gay atheist Kenyan mueller.
Probably like any other racing game that allows for different degrees of acceleration without analog triggers. *press button...release, press button...release*
Started listening after Lonerism. Currents is the best album. You're wrong. Every track on Currents is 10/10 including Past Life. You cannot say the same for Lonerism or Innerspeaker. Suns Coming Up sucks and so does I Don't Really Mind.
I'm 29 and my favorite band is Wilco. You really pegged me there. Doesn't take a genius to know that the song is about that as it's pretty explicit in the lyrics. Doesn't automatically make it a good song either.
Huh? Karen doesn't seem old enough to be a [Gen Xer](https://blog.dol.gov/2016/11/03/spending-habits-by-generation).
Pro tip: jokes are funnier when there's a hint of truth to them.
Uhhh how does it "fuck up the stats"? C O R R E L A T I O N
Don't worry, I wasn't trying to help their joke be funny. I was doing the opposite.
If you don't think Democrats have the capacity to go against their party when a party leader is perceived as corrupt then I have two words for you: Bernie Bros.
[No.](https://www.google.com/amp/s/grahamkbrown.net/2016/11/14/did-the-bernie-bros-cost-clinton-the-election/amp/)
T H E R E I T I S
So woke.
You're not wrong. Except it isn't the Currents circle jerk that's irritating, it's the Lonerism circle jerk. And I do. I haven't listened to Tame Impala in probably 3-4 months or so.
So basically redo the entire game? I loved those controls. Took about five hours to master, but once you do you realize that it's the best part about the game.
Wtf
Probably the only reason I haven't seen them yet. I live pretty far away from major cities so I have to make quite the trip to see bands for the most part and TI doesn't really play for that long. Also wish they were all proficient enough to play one or two wild card songs a night.
Yeah that will give a similar effect.
Nice! Really excited to see the rest of the strategy guide. Can we expect a 2020 release date errno?
D A T C O R R E L A T I O N
Jeff's voice has improved in the last year or so. Right around 2010-2011 he seemed to develop this nasally quality to his voice, especially live. Now it seems like it has that nice raspy quality that he had around Mermaid Ave, ST and YHF once again.
Don't worry, the cap automatically comes back.
I love Tame Impala and I hate their fans. That is why I am here.
Fuck Trevor
Is there a fix for the wifi issue? I remember seeing quite a few posts about this when the Switch came out, but I don't recall a solution. I'm kind of worried because I disconnected from nearly every match in the Splatoon 2 Test Fire as well as the ARMS Test Punch. I figured it was just a stress test so I didn't think much of it. When I bought ARMS I started having the same problem. Nearly impossible to connect to a match, and if I do I punch through other players instead of doing damage. My internet isn't exactly the greatest but I can play Splatoon on Wii U upstairs and far away from the router with no issues. I'm worried that Splatoon 2 is going to be a waste of money if I disconnect from every match. Has anyone heard of a fix or have anymore info?
None of those concerns actually matter to his supporters. I'll make this easier for you: Does he still make liberals angry? - Yes *votes for Donald Trump*
Sky Blue Sky could've been left off in my opinion. It's hardly different from the album version. Via Chicago, IATBYH, Muzzle of Bees and In a Future Age are the highlights.
The album hasn't leaked though. How can you make a judgement off of hearing 30 second bits of each song?
No
Damn. Legitimately jealous that you get to experience them for the first time.
I have the opposite experience. I'm always able to join an online race in MK8D, but I'm lucky if I can get into a match in ARMS, and when I am my punches usually just pass through my opponent.
While usable =/= when in use For those who still seem to think that it is unclear whether the sword will continue to be unusable for ten minutes after it loses its energy.
&gt;Lactate 😐
This album seems to have more songs with women on lead vocals than past albums and I love it.
Hug of Thunder is definitely a SOTY contender for me too. The transition after "I followed him to stop a robbery" gives me chills every time.
What's the benefit to paying 30 dollars for the HORI licensed wired adapter versus a generic USB to Ethernet adapter?
Most alphas are insecure as fuck.
The beginning of the game is hard, but stick with it. You may have to grind for a little bit.
I never got around to listening to Arcade Fire until the Everything Now single and I loved it. Creature Comfort is also pretty amazing to me too. What would be the best album to start at for a guy who completely missed the boat for all these years?
MINDING MY OWN BUSINESS HAD TO SNAP A PIC
Not the same thing. This post actually gives some insight about what happened.
There's only one at the moment. Second one was supposed to come out in April and then it didn't. Kind of just delayed indefinitely now I suppose.
Zen Automaton for sure. Didn't really care for the song at first, but it really grew on me.
No
Can't wait for Mario 128 and Chrono Break!!
I love you too...
Powerful stuff.
Let's see you draw something, buddy.
I wonder if SS will follow the trend of WW and TP where the remaster comes out 10 years later. OoT and MM didn’t follow that pattern so hopefully it’s entirely coincidental.
You can turn that off though.
While that is true, there is also a large difference between driving a car and racing a car. I’m pretty decent at Mario Kart and I can’t really think of any instance where letting off the gas is needed.
Thanks for doing this! I want to say my favorite game in recent years has to be Xenoblade Chronicles. I still haven’t finished XC2 so that may change! My friends kept trying to get me to play XC for a couple of years and I always told them I’d get to it and never did. One friend even let me borrow it for half a year and it just sat on my shelf because I couldn’t bring myself to get wrapped up in a game that takes 80 hours to finish. I returned it to him and never played it. Then immediately after doing so I started to see more and more praise for this game online. I started kicking myself for not playing it when I had the chance and even contemplated spending 80 dollars at GameStop to try it. My friend who let me borrow it the first time was kind enough to let me give it a try again and I fell in love with it. I was so mad at myself for not listening the first time because it has become one of my favorites of all time.
No Whitney or Unknown Mortal Orchestra? Sam Evian?
I would say so. No official press statement but I follow UMO and Jake Portrait on instagram and they’ve both been posting recording videos for the past year. Looks like some of the album was recorded in South Korea and other parts of it was recorded in Mexico.
That map layout is awful. It’s so easy to camp at the enemy spawn to just pick them off as they respawn.
I don’t think you understand the question.
The thing that I don’t understand is if they are implying that there is a bias in the grand jury, and then the grand jury agrees to pursue indictments based off of shitty evidence because they are only making decisions that are already in line with their bias, wouldn’t that be good for the defense when it actually goes to trial?
