A slag tag?
I think that would be pretty easy! If I wanted to use the internet I could easily keep myself entertained with youtube/wikipedia/whatever for a day.
What would be a better choice?
Sideburn Sid. He was called Glenn and he lived on the army base with a load of huge snakes. Or the kid who used to pass out every time we did sex ed or anything even remotely related to genitals or reproduction. Poor bastard.
Yeah why those other guyz gotta bring the Pit down?!
A time where I need the money for something essential.
My farts.
There was a guy....I want to say Ben, here who slept with Peaches Geldof and posted pictures. I believe they took heroin together too. I would link but I just tried and got some pretty NSFW results so no dice.
A place to share and discuss almost anything online.
I think there should be a name for when you see like more than one bird. I suggest Fluck.
Why don't you guys have squash? Or why isn't it more common? Shit is tasty and pretty healthy and noway near as dull as water.
Ah you met Paul Moore, yeah he is kinda androgynous.
Has anyone really been far as decided to use even go want to do look more like?
Why use that word if you are going to have to explain it anyway?
Sorry I meant the drink, like cordial.
She...?
I did the same recently, someone pointed it out to me so thought I would do the same as I actually didn't realise!
It doesn't get read. Well it might, but it's not guaranteed which is why they suggest you don't.
OK well I ask because hopefully that might give you some insight into how he feels. He obviously likes those body types (as you like tall guys) but the fact that you aren't that exactly type isn't necessarily an issue, as his height isn't for you.
The best one hit wonder IMO: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ
Google. &gt; -inurl:(htm|html|php) intitle:”index of” +”last modified” +”parent directory” +description +size +(wma|mp3) “Nirvana” Swap Nirvana for the band you want.
8 fingers and 1 thumb. I originally wrote 2 thumbs but realised I actually only use my right thumb for spaces, the left one is doing nothing!
ME?!
Shia.
Yeeah.
Marilyn Monroe is my guess.
All kinds of ways, reddit can be helpful - what sort of holiday are you hoping to take?
/r/IdLikeToKnowMoreAbout/ It's not actually interesting...yet.
I think you need Rick and Morty in your life, seems like you would enjoy it.
*This comment can only be viewed from IP Addresses from within Clark County, Nevada*
Hey I have seen you make this joke before!
Avatar and Titanic - showing audiences something they haven't seen before. Avengers - many popular characters with massive and loyal fans from various age ranges yet generic enough to appeal to others as an light action movie.
Clowns. I never really believe people when they say this, just think they are acting up for whatever reason.
Encarta.
Wiping your bum.
Well that depends, what time of day is it?
I admit I find that a little odd.
Do you like them or is it a convenience based diet?
What's American Cheese?
...Nookie?
Is that pickle as in gherkin or pickle as in chutney?
Where do you live and what makes it safer to eat there than elsewhere? Is that all meats or just certain ones?
Where do you come from?
The name Ants on a Log is so great. Not only because it does actually look like that, but it just has a nice flow/feel to it - not sure what the word I am looking for is. That guy said Cellar door was good but I prefer Ants on a Log.
And is she open to such things? I think you are eventually going to struggle if sex is off the cards but perhaps if you guys can explore alternative that will help.
Or China! Or Nigeria!
Sounds risky!
Bruce.
3 cups. One upon waking up, as in I literally press go on the machine by my bed and drink it while coming back to my senses. This is at 7:30. Then I get one from the coffee bar at work at around 10am (with my Marmite toast), just a regular sized black Americano. Then my 3rd is usually around 3pm, another black Americano at work.
A job for a company that has offices all over the world. I am currently trying to transfer from England to Australia.
Rad poisoning.
There is no magic, no. They are all tricks.
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy works really well, maybe because it was originally started as a radio play.
Have sex with them.
Hunting?
The first time he did it - kinda pissed off and disappointed but sort of understood. Well she screwed him over pretty bad and he came back and all was good. Then he did it again with the next girl and that was pretty much it for me, haven't seen him since another mates wedding last year. I think it's a pretty shitty personality trait so it's his loss I guess, he has to live with it.
...not really.
A red light stops almost everyone but often people will blow through zebra crossings and the like so if someone stops and waits patiently for you and you raise a hand in thanks it's all good. Of course you aren't obliged to and nobody would really mind if you didn't, but it's courteous to.
Yeah I think we should probably use the correct interpretations, so cool.
Yeah but there is a grey area, some people will only stop if you are actually on it, some will stop if you are approaching etc. The law very rarely has to get involved in this interaction so a small bit of courtesy is fine with me. Being polite and courteous isn't really about *having* to do it.
You think I am coming across mad? That's odd.
Sunshine.
[Norwegian Recycling - Miracles](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i9qW6HEBo_c&amp;list=QL&amp;feature=BF) How can that not work!? Edit: Another great one: [Arrested Development - People Everyday](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a_4Y7Cei_bw)
Here is an /r/askscience post on this topic: [Why does coffee make you have to poop?](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/1qb3x3/why_does_coffee_make_you_have_to_poop/)
A basic tool kit.
I think it's odd that everyone assumes they have those cars to be flashy or whatever. Maybe they like driving? Maybe they enjoy the performance?
Daily post.
I think that's fine. It wouldn't be my choice but I am probably less content in life and well balanced than this dude, he seems happy going to Butlins!
Someone asked about coffee a few hours ago, am I missing something? Anyway, 3 cups of coffee a day for me. One upon waking up, as in I literally press go on the machine by my bed and drink it while coming back to my senses. This is at 7:30. Then I get one from the coffee bar at work at around 10am (with my Marmite toast), just a regular sized black Americano. Then my 3rd is usually around 3pm, another black Americano at work.
Well that will probably take you more time but OK. Edit: Such a strange thing to downvote.
Why German?
Not really no.
Wrong thread?
Just you guys and N.Korea I think!
And then he woke up, and died.
Goats.
Oh yeah, really lame!
It's like paper, but for you snads!
Derek Paravicini. &gt; Paravicini was born extremely prematurely, at 25 weeks. His blindness was caused by oxygen therapy given during his time in a neonatal intensive care unit. This also affected his developing brain, resulting in his severe learning disability. He also has autism. &gt;He has absolute pitch and can play a piece of music after hearing it once. He began playing the piano by the age of two when his nanny gave him an old keyboard. His parents arranged for him to attend the Linden Lodge School for the Blind in London. On his introductory visit to the school, in the music room he broke free from his parents, then headed straight for a piano being played, and then pushed the player, Adam Ockelford, aside to take over. Ockelford encouraged him and arranged first weekly and then daily lessons. Aged seven, Paravicini gave his first concert in Tooting Leisure Centre in South London. [etc.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Derek_Paravicini)
I would have said Crocodile.
Are you saying people actually make use of their guts as handles during intercourse? It sounds like that's what you saying but...surely not?!
Why would you want him back beak-less? That's like 50% of the toucan.
I think many places would be find with the beard, but it might not be worth the risk. If you are struggling to find work you really don't want to give anyone an excuse not to hire you.
What did you think she meant?
Well of course, it's nice to have the basic tools to have a go though I think.
Anna Faris.
Nothing, you just work with people you don't bet on with. There are billions of other people out there, I am sure you would get on with some of them!
Cockapoo. My ex's mum was allergic but had one of these, they don't malt which helps a lot. Plus they are cute as fuck.
I just don't really mind being single, I guess. I don't trust myself in a relationship as I don't really know what I want and often am too independent and it just causes issues.
It being sunny. So rare here in the UK and it really makes my day so much better when the sun is shining. You guys in sunny places better appreciate it!
No more fairy bread for me!
True! Scrum halves I have played with have always been short yet formidable guys. Rugby is great in that pretty much any size of person can play a key role.
Come at me bro.
What are you thoughts regarding raising your kids with both parents but possibly unhappy vs raising your kids with divorced parents?
Have you been told not to discuss anything relating to the case?
What made you select that as the laptop you wanted?
Do you not think there is some aspect to it where people might not hit on those they perceive to be more attractive than them?
I have read some of the books and actually like that the show is different. It keeps things interesting.
Plus the factions.
This is about 10 minutes from my house! Yay?
How come?
I would like to see this done in other countries. Actually i wouldn't even 5 seconds of it has kind of pissed me off, but you get the point.
All part of the charm!
What made you select that as the laptop you wanted?
Witcher 3 is rated for 18 year olds, how do you feel about that rating having played the game at 13?
How old are you?
Well assuming there are no issues in this hypothetical relationship I would see that she is in the mood and attempting to get me into the mood also, it would work and we would make the beast with two backs. What happened OP? Did a guy just keep playing his game?
Nice, hopefully they have a similar temperament because he is by far the coolest cat I have ever met.
I actually only get this angry at my own stupidity.
Oh man, that sounds pretty inconvenient. Are they open decent hours?
Oh yeah that'll do!
That is a relief. I am hoping to come out there later in the year (for at least a year) so glad to know I will be able to get bladdered in a convenient way.
I think that is utter twaddle. Edit: Fuck I forgot about the no opinions rule, my bad!
Which was?
Thanks! Is that Castlemaine XXXX? They tried to bring that here years back but I guess it never really caught on!
I sent them a joke once, they completely ignored me. Bastards.
That's pretty fucked up man, they are terrible chips.
I wonder if it will be really quiet for a while, definitely going to organise a visit!
Where abouts in England? I love hearing outsider's opinions on the place I live!
Double, pretty much. Just image another of what you are seeing but several inches to one side. Both are equally real looking, it's kind of hard to explain. Everything is a bit blurrier than it should be too.
I have never tried to hold it for that long so I am not too sure, it doesn't really hurt but it is a little disorienting. I am always worried they might stay that way because I was cross eyed as a kid!
Advice.
Wasps.
The Internet - surely has to be on the list.
You are using ancient constrains but this is for the modern age!
Maybe they like the taste?
Procrastinate.
Typically between 5 pm and 7 pm.
Trolling because I asked you to clarify a comment? You idiot.
Just to be clear, there are currently twelve sovereign monarchies in Europe. We do have one (UK) and I ask myself this question from time to time!
Don't take this the wrong way but I would not be seen in public with you.
I didn't make a claim about nanny states so why would I list any? **You** did and I asked what you meant, you clearly are not able to answer so instead have just gone into cliche redditor mode, changing the subject and being snippy. Do us all a favour and don't talk about things you don't understand, would have saved us both the time.
How do you feel about all the white people on your land?
Your bread is just a bit sweet and I guess seems overly processed. Not too sure about the cucumbers, I was not aware they were any different to ours!
Salted is my favourite. The mixed stuff is pretty good though. Just sweet is very dull IMO and I don't particularly enjoy it.
Hmm, tough one! Probably Jamie. He starts off seeming like a stereotype but that soon falls away and even reverses itself. He puts up with an awful and arguably undeserved reputation and for the most part rises above it. He is funny as hell. He has a fucking badass gold hand that makes a cool noise when he catches a sword swing in it.
[I like this one.](https://holmesfromthecrypt.files.wordpress.com/2012/09/sandwitch.jpeg)
No.
Yep, I'll take rapey incest Jamie over her any day!
Always refuse their first offer, they will add a hundred or so at least. I wrote off my car earlier in the year and bought it back from them for the scrap value and fixed it with the rest if the payout. Worked out pretty well!
So only gangbangs are cheating?
I must be a miserable bastard because a free hug from a stranger would not make my day better.
I would buy as many ice pops as possible and give them out. Might help a little, it's pretty sunny here today.
Deck of cards. I spend hours and hours playing cards with my mates. A couple of quid should do it.
Yeah I just cannot find this cringeworthy. I get that others do so I am not moaning about the post, but it just looks like a dude in a amusingly lame sonic costume to me, nothing cringe about it!
"...I mean pregnant with emotion."
Ah that's cool. What do the meetups usually entail?
Ever been really surprised by what someone is like IRL compared to the image you had of them based on your online interactions?
Buy the best value items they have.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FC3y9llDXuM
You claimed it so you prove it, I can't prove something doesn't exist - or rather I am not willing to.
How come?
Molly isn't new, unless you mean something other than MDMA?
A Ken Block donut.
[This Fahrenheit 451 cover is pretty cool.](http://i.imgur.com/icQ8bVC.jpg)
Sounds like a good way to bite your tongue...
Just you I think.
My sneezes are pretty violent, I can imagine hitting my chin on the desk and biting my tongue off. Pretty unlikely but still a concern!
Well the RLD in the Dam was part of what made me want to visit. It's just a really interesting and different situation so I was curious to see it in the flesh. I didn't sample any of the delights myself, I am not into that at all, but it was still awesome to eat a crepe in the sun watching hookers and johns do their thing.
Are you sure *he* is the asshole?
Are you hot?
Well I don't presume to speak on behalf of your particular asshole but I think maybe it would be good if other assholes dates the asshole boyfriends we are discussing.
Home abort....never mind.
Man my hobbies are track driving, coin collecting and gliding and nobody IRL gives a shit!
Well it's a little different here in the UK, but I don't have sky which I guess puts me in a similar situation. If it's a big game/match then I will probably go to the pub with mates to watch it. If it's PPV I will go to a mate who owns a huge TVs house. Sometimes just stream them if I am not too worried about quality. Luckily here you can catch a fair bit of sport without having Sky, the BBC can be pretty good plus ITV have coverage. Oh and my IP has a TV Business and provide me with free sport channels online which often have decent stuff on.
Watching the croupiers and tipping them. I can't gamble but I enjoy observing it.
Q. Seems more fun than an O.
Fuck that, it's Friday man I'm not going back you can't make me!
Spent a large percentage of my time on earth sat at a desk hating life.
[Maybe we could open the fridge every few minutes and see where that gets us.](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/3222to/i_have_just_turned_up_at_your_house_and_convinced/cq74lkp?context=3) Seems totally random which comments get gold and which don't, I have received it for informative comments and crappy jokes.
Oh my bad, I must have commented in the wrong thread! I was answering about unpopular pilot episodes so not surprising you didn't get it!
The fact that normal people can do unspeakably cruel and evil things given the right circumstances.
Awesome, [here is a taster.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5V-k-p4wzxg)
Yeah sure. Though I have done it many times despite not liking it very much and I have a lot of mates who are rather keen on it/sell it who go to some lengths to get top stuff. This is in the UK so I don't doubt quality is generally lower than the norm in the States, there are exceptions though.
In the UK at least ecstacy means pills, usually of questionable purity. MDMA comes in crystals and is pure. I find the effect each has on me to be noticeably different.
They invented Hip Hop.
I can cook in a very basic sense. So I can do things like Pasta, Fajitas, stir fry etc - not really proper cooking but makes a good meal from ingredients. I can also so some basic things from scratch like Lasagne, shepherds/cottage pie, chilli con carne, pizza (I make the dough etc). I can also bake pretty well, I work in a rather female office so this has become a necessity. I can make a pretty some pretty lovely cakes!
Do many people outside of the UK know about Utopia? I never really see it mentioned myself. Great show, weird and violent.
I personally find Tetley's to be rather shit tea.
Which it is...right? What am I missing?
It's like Marmite for babies.
I don't see why not, people do stuff like this pretty often.
Or be Romeo Dunn. Apparently girls like that too.
Please give an example, I am a little doubtful of this one.
Fun Fact: There are called Mondegreens. OK that wasn't that fun, but the reason is kind of fun: &gt; [The term was inspired by "...and Lady Mondegreen," a misinterpretation of the line "...and laid him on the green," from the Scottish ballad "The Bonnie Earl o Moray."](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mondegreen) &gt;&gt; Ye Highlands and ye Lowlands, &gt;&gt; Oh, where hae ye been? &gt;&gt; They hae slain the Earl o' Moray, &gt;&gt; And laid him on the green. Yes I am available for parties.
Pasta, probably. Usually with chilli and tomato sauce. Once or twice a week, it's just so easy and delicious.
The English Midlands.
Running. Ever ran as fast as you can when pissed drunk? It's amazing, you feel like you are flying and the very real danger of face planting makes it exciting as well. Running sober fucking sucks.
He's a real character, he's a real character. It's been years.
No. Luck is just a word for when we don't really see the reasons/connections IMO. If you change something things get better you aren't more lucky, the chnges you made were good ones.
Fuck yeah I do! He is the best creature known to man. [Bonus, guarding the stables.](http://i.imgur.com/akrHizg.jpg)
Hmm, I save my for work most days and rarely encounter noisy poopers. Do you work with unhealthy people?
UK here. Currently....not a whole lot. It seems to vary wildly but at the moment there is a lot of focus on Europe/The EU, Greece, the FIFA/World Cup stuff. Of course there are always going to be stories coming out of everywhere but the spotlight does not currently appear to be on anything particularly US-centric.
Which bit? Edit: reread and I am guessing you are asking about the Helmet comment? It just means bellend or dickhead but is a bit more lighthearted.
Ah sorry I realised after commenting. It's just a more lighthearted way of calling someone a bellend of dickhead.
24 heures du mans - We leave tomorrow eve! Fallout 4 - Though I don't have the machine to play it yet.
Currently Reading The Gunslinger, liking it very much so far! Favourite book....man that's not easy. Maybe The Count of Monte Cristo.
Adventurous, strong willed, a little skeptical, open minded, fun, independent.
I would cure cancer. I am struggling to think how a war free world would work. When a people rise up against an cruel regime war is a fall out, how would that work?
Ah nice, which one? Hope they have a decent rapids! I have very fond memories of going there as a sprog.
