I'm gonna get downvoted to fuck for this: But Breaking Bad. All of that ridiculous, nonsensical shit about the ricin cigarette completely ruined that show for me. The plot surrounding it wasn't clever. It was overly convoluted, and felt like an extremely contrived reason to bring friction into the relationship of the two main characters. I mean, honestly. Write down the ricin cigarette plot in bullet points and tell me it doesn't sound outright retarded.
Any change on conductivity triggers the safey device. You can't cut *wet wood* with it, because it will trigger. Sweat. Water. Bugs. Anything. All of that shit will trigger this device.
Yes. Actually. You just defined what an accident *is*. There are no 'unavoidable accidents'. I know every single accident that happened at the saw mill where I work, and every single fucking one of them can be traced back to people doing unsafe shit or not being told how to do something *properly*. If you use a saw properly, *your fingers will not touch the blade*. If that blade is ever spinning, and your finger touches it, *YOU FUCKED UP*. Unless that blade is literally jumping up out of the machine, *you are at fault*. Fuck, if someone *pushes you into the saw* that is still an accident, and was still avoidable! What world do you live in?
I have thought of an unavoidable accident in the meantime. The benching saw where we worked was open at the top, with a 'blade' at the back, to make sure the wood split open for the guy on the other side to grab and pull it through. It keeps the wood straight. Anyway, wood can, in specific cases, get caught on the *back* of the saw, and get flung forwards at the bencher. I've seen it happen. Thankfully, the bencher saw the wood was cracked and got the fuck out of the way once it started moving through the saw. But it spat a heavy-as-fuck jagged piece of wood a good 5-6 metres out over the floor. Not fatal, sure, but it could have broken bones and given nasty cuts. And there was nothing really you could do to avoid that accident except anticipate it. But that still doesn't involve someone touching the saw. I cannot for the life of me think of a single instance where a finger touches a saw that is avoidable by *simple* safety measures and proper technique. *Maybe* if you're shaving a small amount off the side of a piece of wood. But even then, why aren't you using a fucking wooden wedge to push the rest of the wood through the saw, therefor saving your fingers? Ugh.
That is definitely one place I can see this working.
tl;dw: I spent five minutes in what was clearly a laggy server and uninstalled the game.
In the versions that weren't censored for moral panic, you could murder children. *That* evil.
I'm predicting about... maybe -50. maybe even -100. Unless you chicken the fuck out, /u/MikeVick2015, and delete your comment.
As someone in the outback, all I can think is... Why the fuck isn't that horse gelded?
Lag. Lag in videogames makes me fucking wild. I don't mind if someone is better than me, but as an Australian living in the middle of nowhere with some of the worst internet infrastructure you've ever fucking seen, losing the majority of the time due to latency and lag issues makes me froth at the mouth and scream obscenities at my tv that most other people keep to themselves or yell out of car windows.
Oh, those poor, poor people. What must it be like to have all your personally identifying information in the hands of people who shouldn't have it in the first place?
Probably a test question. The way you answer that can inform the previous answers. For instance, if you masturbated at work and then you go 'wtf no' and it's obviously a lie, the polygraph would show that. The polygraph test is not a 'yes/no' lightshow or something. It's just a collection of data. Sometimes, they need to ask you something completely out of left field to know how you react under the pressure of lying, so they can compare it to other tests. There are probably questions like that on every polygraph test.
Just about the only person in the world to fully inhale a plastic dart and survive. Go me.
This.
Number 1 isn't really super attractive. Too flat. But I'd sure pick it over the last frame. I don't understand the fascination with tits. They're just.... there.
Jesus. If that's true, how did you survive? Swallowing a battery is no fucking joke.
Hello? Netflix? Why do you have the same episodde listed twice? It's a re-run sir. You don't need to do fucking re-runs. The old episode is still there! We need to do this sir. How will other people ever find the episode if we don't post it several times over? By LOOKING for it? We think people are too stupid to do that and too stupid to notice. We're gonna keep re-uploading the same episode under slightly different names. Good day, and thanks for the karma.
Yes. And I would hate myself for every fucking second afterwards.
Pluto has moons? I thought pluto was already a planetoid or someshit. *edit* And after some research, apparently it has four moons. I was told none of this in school.
Absolute fucking scum. I think the userbase of that sub should be made aware of what kind of fucking idiotry it's run by.
Mining - still fucked by collectors not working if you use more than one. Bounty hunting - still fucked by no enemies spawning. Missions - still fucked by bounty board bug Exploration data - probably still fucked by the bug that causes your save game to become corrupted. So, in total, we have a patch that didn't really fix any of the problems with four of the five only ways to earn money. Cool.
Use six. You'll see. The collectors, at least for me, CONSTANTLY fucking bug out. The main one is that they all go for the same target. I've literally had a second collector pop out of my ship and take the fucking item a collector is ALREADY bringing to me. And then there's the collectors that come back, and expire immediately after a single run. But mainly, it's when they fucking form a snail trail all following one collector. You've got one collector actually grabbing things, and *FIVE OF THE FUCKING THINGS* following after it doing exactly nothing. And the only way to fix them is to blow them up by turning off your collector system. Watch your collector on radar next time you're mining. You'll start to notice it. My clipper has 130-ish cargo. I went out with 70 drones and with all the fucking bugging out, I managed to mine a grand total of like 20 tons. If they didn't bug out, it would be *amazing*. I would actually enjoy mining.
nah, I'm down to using two and they do the same thing. Both will travel at the same fragments, one will grab it, the other will follow. They return. Rinse, repeat.
Very handsome.
I don't mine at RES sites specifically because of pirates. I went there llooking for pirates to kill. Found nothing. Went back there to do mining, and lo and behold, a wing of three cunt MK3's started shooting up my mining rig. So I warped out, came back in, and a fucking *anaconda* crept up behind me like I didn't fucking see him lurking back there. As he scanned me, I lowered my weapons and started to bail (Can't catch a clipper, bitch!) but he just said 'uhhh, by the looks of you, I'm just gonna move on' and left. Never saw another pirate all my mining time. Pre-patch, mining was *impossible* because you would be constantly molested by pirates.
As someone *in a relationship with a trans person*, I think I can most adequately say this: Why are so many trans people whiny goddamn cunts? Why do they have this giant fucking chip on their shoulder and feel that they're competing in the 'I'm oppressed' olympics because they have an affliction? I've got ADHD. Does that give me the right to be a cunt to anyone that isn't ADHD? Do I get to ban people who post in subs like /r/multitasking? That mod needs to get the chip off his shoulder, and use it to build a bridge and get the fuck OVER himself. What a goddamn piece of shit.
any time I read something as retarded as 'cissexist' all I hear in my head is 'HURRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR DURRRRRRRRRR' People who unironically use that phrase are morons.
When you make up words to suit your agenda, they can mean whatever the fuck you want. Doesn't mean we won't sit there and laugh at how retarded they are.
I wonder what the cross section of people who read reddit, and people who drink camel urine, is.
I completely agree with him about the 'play through the pain' thing. Pain is your body's way of telling you something is wrong. Ignoring that is a bad fucking idea. I have a fucked wrist to this day, from *years ago*, because I decided to ignore pain and continue working. Several years and two operations later, and they can't fix it. They basically just told me to live with it. So I have a gimpy wrist *for the rest of my fucking life*. The rest of it, however, is complete hogwash.
Not to mention he'll fuck mothers from around the world. Or at least scream that he does.
The stairwell of a hospital. The back of a greyhound bus.
I was gonna say 'absolutely none' but there is one song... It's not even a sad song. [Penny Arcade - Roy Orbison](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FvqdEopJ2SI) It was a song my grandmother really, really liked. She played it all the time, and I remember it vividly from my childhood, even though I haven't heard it in near a decade. It was the song they played when we carried her casket out of the church.
Before you go reaching for google: River Tam - Serenity
&gt;We're aware of a tool, for example, which automates combat logging for players near death. Anyone who uses something like this should be banned from playing the game. Period. What absolute fucking scum.
That's what I mean though. It adds no 'new' functionality except the toggle itself. The buttons are all already there. The two hopper buttons you push to empty the hopper when it's full. All we need is a toggle that pushes them when they're full. Maybe a logic gate or w/e you call it for if it's been pressed a few times already so it doesn't bug out and try pressing it a billion times a second and blow your computer up, and we're all good!
They could probably scum around that a bit by saying that they still have the game, have access to the game, can do whatever they want with it as per UK consumer laws. They're just not welcome on Frontier's servers any more...
If you're mining in a pristine ring with three or four collection drones, you have to go back and forth between your refinery screen every few seconds and babysit it to make sure your drones actually do what you want them to do. It's just a chore part of mining that doesn't need to be there.
Amy's Bakery.
Amy couldn't take *meta* criticism. 'It's obvious you can't take criticism' made her go off her fucking rocker. I was offering an example of someone who can't handle criticism in the slightest.
That'll show him!
Nobody really wants to support pro-censorship reddit at this point. So I might as well just shitpost. P.S. the top comments are sometimes replies to original posts. Why are you oppressing comment replies by not gilding them?
When you make peaceful posting impossible, you make rampant shitposting inevitable.
Do you defend them using that as a smokescreen to ban /r/neogafinaction ? What about the other 'fatpeoplehate' subs with no posts open for months before today, that are suddenly banned as well?
The grey wizard has fallen :(
Black wizard? Fuck. I haven't watched those movies in too long. Gandalf was grey and then white and saruman was ech.
If they operate like the mob, we should treat them like the mob. Anyone got a baseball bat? We should start breaking some legs.
From what I heard, so was FPH. They did everything possible to avoid getting banned.
I saw a screenshot of their 'rule breaking'. They had a picture of an (obese) imgur moderator/admin whatever, and that was it. Just a picture in the sidebar. And their entire subreddit got nuked because that's 'harassment'. Not to mention the neogaf subreddit bans that have no reason whatsoever. There's a very real possibility that KiA will be get banned. Personally, I hope they do. It'll be fun watching reddit die.
Swapping up to my clipper was hilarious. Seeing pirates in RES zones just back the fuck off after they scanned me. I had an *ANACONDA* sidle up behind me and scan me. I had my weapons swapped over, and was already targeting his power plant when he said 'uhhh, I'm just gonna leave you alone' and ran away.
I thin shadowbans in that thread wouldn't have been over the limit. I read a bunch of them. There was some very not-nice shit. As much as I don't like Pao and what she's doing to reddit, I respect her for no shadowbanning those people. Directly calling the ceo a 'stupid cunt' and such things does not go over well with anyone. They basically used it as a thread to bash her. And not in a 'hah, look how out of touch she is', more of a 'look at this stupid cunt, everyone. She can't even fucking use her own website. I hope you die'. That type of behavior should not be tolerated anywhere.
If you spent a hundred million on a sidewinder, it's not 'free'.
Wow dude. That argument's so stupid I'm not even going to respond with it. Here's a tip: Strawmen arguments don't make you smart. They make you fucking stupid.
On reddit. In every single fucking sub frequented by more than a dozen people.
I think it's time that all of reddit knows about what kind of fucking bullshit decisions are being made in its running. Voat when? Fuck this place already.
Stargate SG1. Fuck I miss that series. I'd even take Atlantis. Rodney, Ronan, Tayla? They were all awesome. The leads were kind generic though. Felt like they were written as the same character, honestly. After o'neill, they sort of just wrote the same character into two different series.
You know, as someone who doesn't really believe in gun control, people like this make me reconsider.
Welcome to the censorship and narrative war. We didn't start it, but we sure as fuck will finish it.
Yeah, the docking computer sucks on the clipper. As do the fucking collection drones. Ugh. The collection drones fly like fifty metres below you before zooming directly up at your underside. It makes them take an extra 3-4 seconds per run. And that adds up big-time in the long run. And during docking, it flies you directly into the mouth of the station belly-first for some stupid fucking reason. It's done this to me like three or four times now and I've just stopped equipping it on my clipper.
Dear ghazi: Even the moderates of the internet consider you extremist fuckwits. Give it up. You all suck. Not to mention you operate from a subreddit predicated on a narrative you all *know* to be false. We have all the evidence. We have all the facts. You have nothing but bitching and false cries of 'harassment' that even your most brainwashed members can't link to gamergate without mental gymnastics and leaps of logic that would make EVIL KNIEVAL think twice. How can you sit in your literal echo chamber and even pretend you're correct when your only way of countering dissenting opinions is to literally remove them? And all of this *while* harassing people and individuals who don't agree with you. How can any of you justify any sense of moral outrage over *anything* when you run a subreddit so wonderfully fucking stupid, and rife with hypocrisy?
But u guiz were banning behaviorz not ideaz!!!11!!!
I ask myself: would I pay for a battlefield: Star wars DLC? The answer is yes.
Amazing how things work. This prompted me to actually go look up how a tumbler lock works (and how to open one!). I'm probably on a list now.
'Even with'? More like 'aided by'.
It's so much better with visuals. The way he pauses and gives the crowd that look like 'yeah, I just spelled it out, holy shit, it's happening, you KNOW what word I'm talking about!' And the fact that he can play the piano like a fucking DEMON really is just a fucking quirk of fate. How he never got really big, I don't know.
http://codes.lp.findlaw.com/decode/11/5/II/770 I'm not defending the guy, but there are a lot of different ways you can be charged with 'rape of the fourth degree'. Including consensual sex with a 16 year old. It's statutory rape, but because he's over 30, it's 'rape in the fourth degree'. We don't even know if any rape (in the sense that it was non-consensual) even happened. But hey. Plaster his name all over the news. &gt;The boy and Coogan texted each other and agreed to have a sex on March 19, court documents said. From another article on the same story. It was consensual, and he's still scum for wanting to fuck an underage kid. But can we please not pretend like he lured the *post-pubescent* boy into his home and held him down and raped him?
Dear courts Please fuck them in the ass Sincerely, Everyone
I wasn't actively sucking dev dick when I posted, so got downvoted. This is one of the worst subs on reddit, I swear. All I can suggest is that you try both private group, and open. Also, try two private groups, one started by you, one by your friend.
$700,000 worth of social life ^^^sob
Have you ever actually put something 'low fat' in your mouth before? that tells you everything you need to know. It's like having 'coke' and 'diet coke'. Why is there regular coke if diet coke is exactly the same? Because diet coke tastes like ass is why. And you wouldn't drink it if you weren't on a diet.
Because in some places in America, men can be charged with rape because a woman raped him while he was blackout drunk and he didn't ask for her consent while she was raping him. That's pretty much why.
Ha! About time something beat that garbage. Candy crush is the gaming equivalent of click-bait with the majority of the articles hidden behind a fucking paywall.
Why the fuck would you go shooting up a church?
I'm glad I'm not the only one!
I could never be a police officer. Imagine that kind of shit just being part of your fucking day. Once they were done at that crash site, that officer holding the child had to go do fucking paperwork. How could you possibly get on with your day after distracting a newly-orphaned little boy/girl from the sight of their dead parents a handful of metres away? Fuck. That.
They're going to be literally punching and kicking the fuck out of each other. Do you really think a woman would not wear a bra in that circumstance? Jesus, they'd probably superglue them together or something.
It's more efficient to move with wheels. Legs require more energy and more torque to move, than it takes to spin a wheel. Furthermore, it's more complicated. When sending things to other planets, 'K.I.S.S.' is king. Keep it simple, stupid. The less moving parts, the less chance there is for something to break. Moving joints are a lot more prone to things like dust affecting them and whatnot, than a sealed driveshaft for a set of wheels. You simply can't rely on newer technology that isn't as sturdy because if it breaks, it's *broken*. You can't zip down to radio shack and buy some replacement parts. *edit* derped up a sentence there
My sister related a story to me. She was with a friend, and she said she was turning 21 soon. The friend asked how old I was, and my sister said 22. Her friend then asked 'huh... has he always been older than you?' followed by '...that's the dumbest thing I've ever said.'
I think 'justice' would be to strap this guy to a chair, put a pistol with a single round in it on a table in front of him, and then leave each widow, each husband, each person who lost a family member, in there with him alone, for five minutes each. Complete amnesty included. Maybe they'll just kneecap him. Or maybe they'd take him the fuck out. That would be 'justice' in my eyes.
Whole lot of people in the imgur comments who have never been into a fight. 'Why do they take off their shirts?!' If you've ever been in an actual fight, it's obvious.
What the did you just say about me, you little bitch? I’ll have you know I graduated top of my class in English, and I’ve been involved in numerous secret raids on l33t sp34k, and I have over 30,000 confirmed corrections. I am trained in classical writing and I’m the top author in the entire US forces of penmanship. You are nothing to me but just another typo. I will wipe you the out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, . As we speak I am contacting my secret network of grammar nazis across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. You’re dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can correct you in over seven hundred ways, and that’s just with my keyboard. Not only am I extensively trained in penmanship, but I have access to the entire webster's online dictionary and numerous thesauruses and I will use them to their full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little “clever” comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your tongue. But you couldn’t, you didn’t, and now you’re paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. You’re dead, kiddo.
Exactly. A shirt is something for your opponent to grab. They can just grab your shirt, lean back, and use their bodyweight to literally throw you around. And it sucks because the mouth of a shirt is around your fucking neck. It's really hard to grab a handful of person and yank them around, but really, really easy to grab a handful of shirt and do the same.
This is why taking off the shirt is a preliminary, before you get face-to-face. If they're already in your face, you get distance and then remove your shirt.
So much snark lately and so many downvotes. did I touch a nerve somewhere? Live a little. Get in a fucking fight once in a while so people don't laugh at you for knowing the first thing about why people do something.
The reason you're getting downvoted is because you missed the crux of the point of self-defense. Just because this woman can hit you over and over again and not seriously injure you, does not mean she has the fucking right to. It is your right to retaliate physically if someone gets physical with you first. Now, if he straddled her and punched her in the face over and over again, using his physical strength and weight to pin her down, helpless, then yeah, he should be stopped. That's going too far. But the moment to make violent contact with someone else, you gonna get body slammed and there should be *no one* who stands up and says 'he shouldn't have done that'. That's the fucking backwards kind of thinking that's led to us arriving in this cultural place already.
That body slam was so fucking satisfying. I enjoy loud mouth cunts being put in their place, male or female. Take a good look ladies, this is *your* privilege. Up until the point where she gets body slammed, that's female privilege. Because if it was a guy standing up wanting to fight like that the video would have been over at the :50 mark when she was screaming 'hit me! Hit me!'
Fuck that's cute.
Australian here. You're gonna need those guns in a decade or two. The government aint changing any time soon, and once we get these robots in to do transport jobs and etc, the unemployment rate is going to skyrocket. There simply won't be enough jobs to go around and corporations are going to be shoving even more wealth into their pockets while the average worker gets nothing. And the government aint going to fix it. And whether you're on the side of the government, or of the people, you're going to need those guns. I know for fact that if shit goes down over here, we can't overthrow our government. We simply can't 'rise up' any more because we have no weapons to do it with. Bonus mini-rant: Americans are too attached to their guns. You can't say 'we're taking away guns' and expect the people with guns to give them up. *They have the guns*. It's a really, really fucking horrible thing to say, but I'm going to say it. Less people are going to die, *in the short term*, from mas-killings and spree killings, than would get killed trying to take the guns from the gun-nuts of America. In a generation or two, the gun-nuts will be replaced by moderate people who aren't so gun-crazed, and you'll be able to phase out firearm ownership in a safe, practical way that won't end in a miniature civil war. That is if there isn't a civil war after robotics take all of your job before then. Who knows what will happen after that.
Or maybe I didn't grow up in a place with crowded hallways? I'm from outback australia. We had less people in our school than you have in most classrooms. And fights take place in open areas with plenty of room to grab something like a shirt, or a bag, and spin the other person right to the ground and curb stomp the fuck out of them.
...I see no problem with this.
Of course they have. Due process? Search without a warrant? Aint nobody got time for that! There are terrorists among us!
That's a 24 beer sword!
It's like circumcision. Once upon a time it served a purpose. But these days, you really only do it because you don't know any better, because other people do it, and/or you think it 'looks better'.
Uhm. Okay. So. If he began by reading wikipedia, THE ENTRENCHED EDITORS ARE AT FAULT. Not gamergate. Gamergate doesn't have a fucking voice on wikipedia because of the scumfuck editors sucking admin dick over there and colluding to push this retarded fucking narrative. Even if he *STARTED ON THE FUCKING GAMERGATE PAGE* those words are not the words of gamergate. We are not allowed a voice on wikipedia. You and you fucking cronies made sure of that. Your fucking move, Bernstein, you morally bankrupt fucking hack.
That's actually a very good thing for your dog to do. Take the game case out and throw it, wash it off with the hose. Imagine if he did that shit on the carpet (literally, lol). Urgh.
Cleanliness, etc. The dudes used to live in deserts, and sandy crotch would have been the *worst*.
Nobody has said Morgan Freeman? That guy has the most legendary voice of any human alive... And he's old. Jesus. I should just shut up.
Well you're removing something that you have no reason to remove, and doing it to a creature that can't consent to said thing. Imagine if there was a sect of people who chopped off their kids earlobes. What would you think of those people?
Okay, Clarice, I'm going to give this to you straight. Probably the only straight thing you'll see, or hear for the entire day. So *pay attention*. This is a place full of Doctor Cox's. I'm Doctor Cox, he can be Doctor Cox, and even you, you whiny ingrate, can be the epitome of awesome that is: Doctor Cox. But not all Doctor Cox's are *equal*. Some of them are, quite frankly, *un*equal. They're morons. They're appletini-sipping, Hugh-Jackman worshipping, happily-married *morons* who don't understand the entire purpose of this wondrous place. So when you see those people, you have to remember, newbie. They're idiots. They're not the real Doctor Cox. Downvote them and move along. Hell, if you're feeling *particularly* manly, RES-tag them as 'MOST DEFINITELY NOT DOCTOR COX'. And when all of you whiny little children gather together all do this at the same time, the dumb Doctor Cox's who never answer questions and just insult you will get pushed to the bottom of the retard pile where they belong. The reason why this happens now is because you idiots never figured this out on your own and have to come to an *adult* to tell you the most simplistic thing you could ever be told! My *god* why do I even bother? ^It's ^not ^like ^you ^guys ^ever ^listen ^to ^me. ^^Every ^^single ^^time. ^^^I ^^^swear. ^^^^Didn't ^^^^even ^^^^listen ^^^^the ^^^^last ^^^^four ^^^^times ^^^^this ^^^^was ^^^^asked.
That is so incredibly fucking random.
It's currently 6PM and I'm reading reddit, pondering on slouching upstairs soon to cook up some motherfucking rump steak.
Old cum that has gone 'off'. Seriously. Don't ever smell that. Just the memory of it makes me want to throw up now.
And banning neogaf subreddits? What about the FPH-related subreddits that existed BEFORE the ban, that were banned? Were they banned for evading a ban because they were created before the ban was instated?
Where does it say the invention is fictional? I commented in the thread saying it was retarded anyway. It's like taste-testing for poisons. It only lets you know *after* you've stuck your dick in the girl. And if you're going to use the condom and like rub it on her beforehand, you might as well make it a stick like a pregnancy test or something at that point. Utterly impractical.
I've been trying to skim through the mire of threads for the last ten minutes and I'm not finding shit about which subreddits existed before the FPH bannings and were banned anyway. I know there were several, I saw comments referencing them and how bullshit it was that they were taken down as well. They appear to be lost in the mire of clones springing up. Anyway, the 'ban evading' is irrelevant. They were banning behaviors, not ideas. Their own words. So tell me, if these new clone subs were not doing the same 'behaviors', why are they subsequently banned? And don't say 'ban evasion' because the ban was against their behaviors, NOT THEIR IDEAS. And if the behavior they're banning is 'hating on fat people' that is literally banning an *idea*. http://www.reddit.com/r/KotakuInAction/comments/39gxbz/megathread_subreddit_banning_admin_criticism/cs3ilwr A list of known banned fph-related subreddits. But since they're all banned, I can't exactly go through and figure out which ones were created before the ban-spree.
I don't mind them reporting on an idea, but they need to make it clear that what they're reporting on is, in fact, an idea, and not an actual object.
I have never before wanted to punch a woman in the jaw as much as I do right now. Why the *fuck* did these idiots holding the phone not do anything? If I saw that shit happening near me, I would have stood up and beat the absolute *fuck* out of the aggressor. Fuck gender roles. Fuck everything. If you're going to act like a fucking savage, you can get punched in the face like one. That little kid screaming because some fucking subnormal *cunt* dragged her mother off a park bench fills me with a goddamn unnatural amount of rage. Fuck those people. Fuck their skin colour. Fuck their gender. I would cheer if the end of the video showed someone knocking them the fuck out for being the worst kind of subhuman fucking *scum*.
I am the original fucking poster. And I just clarified that I didn't read about a fph subreddit getting the banhammer after the fact for no reason, it was a neogaf one. I just gave you a crystal clear example of where the admins banned an idea, not behavior. And you can't explain it away with 'ban evasion' because, while neogaf was banned, neogafinaction was created six months prior to the banning. Ergo, it cannot be ban evasion. Put up or shut the fuck up.
Oh, I'm the idiot? I'll be over here with all the facts on my side, you can be over there with your strawmen arguments and complete lack of a point. Kthnxbai.
You asked for which sub was banned after the fact, I gave you it. Your only retort was 'you're a fucking idiot' or somesuch. If this is really logical in your mind, then I suggest seeking professional help. Your delusions are reaching critical retardation.
Again, you harp on about that. I admitted my mistake. It wasn't a fph-related sub I read about. It was a neogaf sub. And it was banned for the same reason, included in the *same post* as the bans on FPH. Ergo, it's the same as the bannings for fph. But no, you've got your head so *far* up your own ass that the fumes from your own reeking fecal matter have clouded your senses to the point that you think 'Buh buh it's not fph sub therefore the admins aren't at fault!' is something fucking logical. It doesn't matter what the sub was based on, because it was banned, and then the sister sub banned, and it couldn't have been for ban evasion. Why am I even bothering to explain this to you? You're clearly too dense and wilfully fucking ignorant to understand a simple string of facts in a row. You **moron**.
It sucks more that when you shine a flashlight past the surface and explain to them exactly what's going on down there, they still don't understand it and call you a fucking moron.
If you don't play games, then you shouldn't care about *gamer*gate. We focus primarily on games. It's right there in our name. If you've never touched a controller or a keyboard in your life, then you should have no opinion on gamergate and nobody should try to give you one.
Take screencaps of it, screencap your evidence, post it all on /r/undelete, here, voat, elsewhere. Don't let this happen without a fight. And make sure reddit burns if they refuse to clarify that they're banning ideas and not behaviors. Do not stand for censorship.
/r/neogafinaction was banned. You can say 'ban evasion' all you want, because they got rid of /r/neofag, but guess what? neogafinaction existed for six months before the banning spree. So please, tell me more about how the admins are doing this for 'ban evasion'.
It's hilarious how deluded you guys are. Are you really this dense? Are you *really* this goddamn fucking stupid? Actually, you're part of Ghazi. Don't answer that question. No answer you ever give will do anything more than shine a spotlight on the deficiencies in your ability to think critically.
Every time I read on of these stories about a rapist being the worst scum of the earth ever, I go looking through the comments (or sometimes the story itself if I'm there early), to find out why the article in question or the headline itself is completely fucking bullshit and clickbait. If this fucking buzzfeed? Why do we let clickbait float to the surface? Grow a fucking brain people. But nope. OP makes a clickbait titles and lets all upvote it with righteous indignation without even reading the facts!
&gt;The file-sharing service, Ares, was the same one used by another Hagerstown man recently accused of possession of child pornography in an apparently unrelated case. You name a file-sharing service, and it has child porn on it. That's a sad fact about p2p file sharing services.
Exactly as was explained. I try to keep my answers as real to the subject being asked as possible, *cough* unlike some other Dr Cox's around here. It's a place for men who reject the advantages women have in today's societies. Or at least, feel threatened by them (false rape accusations, for instance, female partner's dominance of social issues I.E. she sets up the dinner dates, decides where they go for dinner, or makes the lion's share of decisions regarding the day-to-day life of the couple). But with that being said, the kinds of people that congregate there just seem to have a hateboner going for women. At least, that's how I understand I place. Understandable intentions, but an absolutely horrible place. Sort of like SRS for men.
Probably practicality. It would have to be a keychain of some kind, it would be expensive (All GPS technology is due to the way it works), and furthermore, it woudn't be highly practical. You'd need a second device to see where the GPS device is located, and even then, it only works for something big, accurately. Say the margin for error is 1 metre. With a car, it's always going to show where the car is. But with a tiny thing like car keys? It'll be able to direct you to which room it is in. Some phones already come with GPS tracking. There's apps for iphones that let you locate where you iphone is when it's on. [For instance](https://itunes.apple.com/au/app/phone-tracker-for-iphones/id447442214?mt=8) A lot of the problems that could be solved by tagging all your shit with GPS devices could be solved by just being more organized, or by a 'leash' for your item so you can't drop it.
This exact same 'blank I'm not even mad' has been done before. Stop trying to get free karma on other people's ideas. *edit* [It's](http://www.reddit.com/r/AdviceAnimals/comments/2fzn0p/after_seeing_the_blank_posts_on_the_front_page/) [been](http://www.reddit.com/r/AdviceAnimals/comments/2g02fb/i_also_want_to_make_it_to_the_front_page_with_a/) [done](http://www.reddit.com/r/AdviceAnimals/comments/2gab36/remember_when_that_guy_made_it_to_the_front_page/) [to](http://www.reddit.com/r/AdviceAnimals/comments/2g58wi/i_hear_people_are_getting_to_the_front_page/) [death](http://www.reddit.com/r/AdviceAnimals/comments/25rggv/a_lot_of_people_have_been_making_the_front_page/) [already](http://www.reddit.com/r/AdviceAnimals/comments/2jfd6o/remember_the_time_that_people_were_getting_to_the/)
I thought that we as a species were pretty much beyond beheading each other because of imaginary friends. Grow the fuck up, people.
Primitive handicapped bars. Also a bitching armrest for when you really need that extra leverage to poop.
Hahahaha. You think ANY of that will happen in America in the next decade? It's going to take a revolution for any meaningful change to happen. Fuck, it's taken a decade or more for them to legalize pot. You think the government will adapt to streamlined automation and robots doing the heavy lifting?
And after the Charlie Hedbo thing I thought the French government had balls... Apparently not.
On one hand, transparency in what is being deleted under the 'right to be forgotten' is nice. On the other hand, fuck you guys. People *do* have the right to be forgotten. Why are you undermining that? Why are you contributing to a society where all our flaws are dredged up year after year so that we can be punished socially for them?
About fucking time. Today is a great day, not just for gays, but for *people* and *society* itself.
So, when you were 16, you drank and drove, and killed someone by accident. Twenty years later, a simple googling of your name leads to an article where the details are all spelled out. And every single fucking year, someone brings it up again because they decided to google your name and saw what you did. Even though you've long since put it behind you, any cunt with a phone, a laptop, whatever, can instantly find out what you did. Is that 'fair' in your world?
because my imaginary friend isn't the same imaginary friend as your imaginary friend. Therefore, I must kill you. My imaginary friend told me so in a book he wrote by telling his apostles five thousand years ago to write and has been translated at least five different times and lost and re-found and re-written by new blokes. Clearly, I have no choice but to kill you.
Touched a spanner to the side of a loader while trying to loosen the nut on the battery. The burn healed. The spanner melted halfway through. It was pretty cool.
And since the TPP was apparently passed in secret recently, now liable to put you in jail for the rest of your life! Lube up your anus before accessing those sites, because the corporations are coming for you.
The fuck did you say about my imaginary friend? I'll kill you! And thus the cycle perpetuates.
This is called a 'background check'. Heard of them yet? They're a way for employers to know if the people they're going to employ did anything without having court case information open the public. Because apparently, I'm the last person on the reddit that gives a shit about any kind of privacy unless the government is trying to stick their nose in. Government is not allowed any information on the people, but everyone should be able to google everything about everyone else!
Such gutless wankers. Can't even stick to their guns. If you're going to be cowardly, cringing pieces of shit and start removing games because they dare show symbols that other people conflate with hate (imagine if all games were banned that showed any nazi symbols), then at least stick to your convictions. But nope, instead of showing some fucking spine just bow under public pressure the same way you did the retarded fucking thing of banning them in the first place. Fuck you, apple.
Not really, no. Not if you have any concept of personal privacy.
Well, according to this other comment down there, 10% of the candidates were female. Probably for sexist reasons. But hey, lets chop off 30% of people *qualified for the fucking position* and replace them with women of indeterminate abilities. Gender or racial 'quotas' are fucking retarded. The people that show the most aptitude should get the job. And they're talking about *running a fucking country*. This would be a bad enough decision if you said '40% of all nurses must now be male' where you're putting less qualified, or less apt people in, in exchange for people who should be there. What was being smoked by the people that came up with this? They're trying to be progressive at the expense of common fucking sense.
I'm not saying try to hide it. I'm saying don't make it as easy to find as typing 'P. J. Weatherly' into google and suddenly knowing everything about the guy. You can read court documents... if you go down to the court and make a request. Do you see the difference? Barriers to entry mean that, instead of just picking up your phone and thinking 'huh, I'll just invade this guy's privacy' you have to actually go to some kind of effort to do so.
Good strawman, bro. Removing the information from google listings is not 'censorship' because the information is still there. You just can't find it by typing in the person's name. You have to actually research what you want to find out. You know, like with any court ruling that was covered by a newspaper. Or asking for the court documents.
These are the people whose idea of 'good game design' are invulnerability phases, power-neutering, and constant knock-down spam as 'difficulty'.
I ducked down the back of the local pub to have a smoke after the new laws came in that meant you couldn't smoke inside. There was no real 'area' set aside for it, so we just walked out the back and had a smoke. Dude was just laying there on his face, sort of spread-eagled. His neck was twisted at an angle, and even though it wasn't *much* of an angle it was far enough to be like, you know, broken. It didn't look *right*. I didn't want to touch him, because I thought he was pretty much dead, but I sucked up all my courage and sort of wiggled my fingers down past the collar of his jacket to check his pulse. I wanted to roll him over to make it easier, but I kinda thought maybe he might have broken his back or neck or something, especially with that weird tilt, and if he was still alive I didn't want to roll the poor cunt over and cause problems with his spine. But there was no pulse. Guy was *dead*. But as I moved his jacket, I saw a bit of paper taped to his front. Some kind of suicide note or something. So I carefully wiggled the piece of paper out from under him, and it ripped a little bit as it came free of the sticky tape. But the words on it were clearly legible still. Scribbled all hasty-like, like he was in a hurry to get his message out before he jumped off a fucking roof. I'll never forget those scrawled words. 'OP should have added a 'serious' tag.'
Corrupt.
&gt;jokes regarding the lack of a serious tag every time a serious question is posted without one Funny, that.
How many people even have over 100K karma? I can't fathom how you'd get that much karma without actively *trying* to.
Depends on the angle. If you fire it straight up, no. It loses momentum, starts tumbling, and just becomes a mildly painful hit. Now, if you fire your gun off in the air at a low enough angle, the bullet doesn't hit its 'zenith'. It gets dragged back to earth while still going incredibly fast. That can hit and kill someone.
Short answer: no. Long answer: Hell no. Yes, imagine bullets fired throughout war. On a ballistic trajectory. Buried in the earth, buried in the walls, buried in rock, floorboards, trees, sandbags... Anything resistant enough to bullets turns said bullet into a spray of shards. Most bullets end up as misshapen lumps. To 'recover' bullets for later use, you would have to get the bullets from a war ground, where live ordnance may still be an issue, endangering people's lives, and then somehow collect all these bullets *from inside the scenery*, and send them all to a depot to be sorted, melted down, and made into new bullets. The only way that will ever happen is if humanity becomes *desperate* for metal. Until then, it's not viable from both time, and cost effectiveness. Not to mention it would all be getting rusty out there in the elements... There's just no way to make that viable.
Adolph Hitler. Guy shaped modern history more than any other person known. If you ask someone 'who is Adolph Hitler?' they know who he is. Nobody ever said 'who is Hitler?' He damn near exterminated an entire race off the planet. He is the measure by which we judge evil. Not to say that anything he did was good. But it was *important* to note that he did all of those things. Fucking horrific, but important.
I live in outback queensland. The power goes out more often than the fucking internet does. It's retarded. It hasn't gone out properly for a month or two now. But every other month we get a power outage that lasts a good six hours or more.
Justin Bieber. Guy is trying so hard to foster a 'bad guy' image while being an all-around douchebag anyway. Coming out and saying he doesn't smoke pot would be like Beyonce coming out and saying she's asexual.
When you're an extremist, even the most moderate of behaviors are seen as extreme. Guess what, NYC cops? You're basically fucking terrorists at this point.
Terrorist definition: &gt;a person who uses terrorism in the pursuit of political aims. And the definition of terrorism: &gt;the use of violence and threats to intimidate or coerce, especially for political purposes. Furthermore, terrorists generally ascribe to this notion that they understand the world more than the people they're terrorizing. They're above them. Better than them. Doing bad things to them is 'right' and 'justified'. NYC cops are basically domestic terrorists at this point. They're given free reign to do whatever the fuck they want without any repercussions. You know what that does? It makes people afraid of the cops. Especially when they're gunning down unarmed civilians and not getting punished for it. And their reaction to the idea of reform? They get pissed off. How dare people try to reform one of the worst police systems in America! They're extremists. Drawing similarities between them and terrorists isn't a huge leap. P.S. please point at where I equated NYC cops with ISIS? I think you need to learn the intricacies of the English language. There are plenty of dictionaries you can use online.
I'm not gay, but... Hugh Jackman. After he takes off the sideburns.
It's been reviewed and considered. By the people it will profit the most. They're trying to keep everyone else from seeing what it will do.
So, in between training to fight crime, earning millions upon millions of dollars, building a mansion, and patrolling the streets to fight crime, Batman looked up the statistical rates of torture effectiveness published by a government that probably doesn't exist in his universe, and realised that maybe he shouldn't be torturing people because it's shown to be fallible. SAID NO ON FUCKING EVER. Why can't characters have flaws? Why can't people not operate with the entire fucking spectrum of information? Just because a writer, a game developer or whatever, can use google and wikipedia and look all this fucking garbage up does not mean that the character thinks 'I'll torture this guy for information - BUT FIRST. TO WIKIPEDIA! I MUST ENSURE THAT THIS METHOD OF INFORMATION RETRIEVAL IS VIABLE AS SAID BY PEER-REVIEWED PAPERS!'
The problem with torture IRL is that you're not asking specific questions. You're asking vague shit. Sure, maybe 'WHERE IS OSAMA BIN LADEN?' is a very direct question. But unless you catch someone who knows where he is, you're fucked. Generally, it's like 'what do you know about Al Qaeda's information network?' You can lie about that quite easily. You can bullshit, whatever. Now, if someone took your wife, torturing them for information could fucking work. At least, 24-style. Drag the guy with you and threaten to kill him if he was wrong. If you're going to just wander off when he gives his answer, he'll just lie to you. But you say 'I'll be back for you if you lie' and leave him tied up, he's probably going to tell you the truth in the hopes that you won't return and keep hurting him.
You clearly haven't watched many female comedians. The vast majority of them are like that.
Don't worry. Once the corporations get their way, those people will have neither.
'I don't put much stock in flags. Flags are just symbols. And I leave symbols to the symbol-minded.'
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gamergate 'Gamergate' is actually an ant.
That entire thing looks fake as fuck. That last shot ruined it entirely. A pistol bullet will not hit a deer at that range and knock it down immediately. It doesn't have enough stopping power. If you hit it square in the temple, it might jerk and drop like a puppet with its string's cut, but a slow lowering to the ground indicates some kind of heart-shot that kills the animal nearly instantly, but not quite. A lung shot or similar would cause the animal to run. Furthermore, the bullet has *no* travel time. Bullets travel fast, but not *that* fast. In the first shot, the guy isn't even aiming at the target he's supposedly hitting! His bullets would *clearly* end up in the bushes several metres to the right of the target. In the second group, where he's shooting the targets in the air, the final gunshot continues to play and echo even when we're given over to a new shot where he's rolling to shoot the cans.
Being against gay marriage. You put one of these idiots up against an alien, and have them explain their point. 'Well, you see, I'm against gay marriage because the zombie wizard who lives in the sky said in a book written and translated like three thousand years ago, that men should not lie with other men. Which is clearly a reference to gay marriage and not something taken out of the context of the culture it was written in and the context of a parable. Also, because fuck those people. I don't want gays to marry and therefore they shouldn't marry.' Also, smoking cigarettes. So, you mean to tell me, that you let a corporation sell something that is *addictive*, and literally slowly kills you over the course of many years? Hey, come out with a new product like that these days and people will look at you like you're crazy. Hey, did you know that artificial sweeteners cause cancer!? And they made them ADDICTIVE! Meaning you want more and more and it's impossible to kick! And it's COMPLETELY LEGAL! How does the government let corporations do this?! This is stressing me out so bad I need a cigarette. Try to explain EITHER of those things to a rational alien and they'll give up on the human race as a whole, most likely.
You know what else is against your religion? Shellfish. What about blended fabrics? Working on the Sabbath, anyone? Why does everyone remove 'don't lie with another man' from the cultural context and parable-nature of the bible, but feel content to not do the same bullshit to everything else? This is why I hate devout religious people in general. You don't get to fucking pick and choose. You're either all for the book, or not at all. You don't get to sit down and say 'I believe in god, I believe he wrote this book, I will do exactly as he says in the book, but fuck that little bit, I like shellfish'. So maybe the next time someone walks into your store wearing blended fabrics, you should kick them out for being against your religion, you hypocritical *cunt*.
There's a question you need to ask here: Was the seal on the game case already broken? If the seal was broken, then take it back to the store itself and cause more of a fuss than the game is worth. They'll give a new game just to avoid issues. Now, if the seal WASN'T BROKEN when they got the game, it's not the store's fault, but rather, the manufacturer's. My own story time: I purchased 'The Pacific' from a dv/cd store in grand central, Toowoomba. When I got it home, the insert was inside the case, but none of the DISCS THEMSELVES were. I rang them up, explained the situation, didn't even ask for a replacement or anything, just asked like, wtf can I do, and they mailed me out the discs. Free of charge. Some stores are just cunts, I guess.
OP's mom. Very cheap and VERY nasty.
Nausea. It's so pervasive. It colours everything else you do. And it's inescapable. there's nothing you can DO about it, either. You're just nauseous. Your stomach is thinking if ejecting its contents. And then there's hunger nausea, where you're so fucking hungry you feel weak, but your stomach is churning so hard and broiling over with disgust that you feel crawling up the back of your throat like green tentacle gas that you can't stomach taking a single bite of food or a sip of water.
As an Australian, I would just like to say AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARGH
John C. McGinley He played Doctor Cox on Scrubs.
In a nation of 300million+ 1200 is fucking nothing.
I'm really hoping they go with the route of making the ninja more historically accurate instead of just black clothes, short sword, sneak around. A game that tries to be at least mildly historically accurate with ninja'ing would be fucking amazing.
Uhhhm... Tehuevi, I think? There's a station orbiting a pristine ringed gas giant that I use for mining. Get decent amounts of painite and whatnot. But the missions never changed the entire time I sat in the station. I guess I need to fly around. Which is shite because I always get interdicted by pirates.
Enjoy your ban :D
As an Australian, I have to ask: What the fuck is an icestorm? I truly, sincerely have not heard of these and would like to know.
It's been three weeks. Three weeks and one day, exactly. You could have waited at least a *month* before being a cunt about it, but you didn't. The shit is still in *cinemas* for fucks sake. I mean, honestly, if it was direct-to-dvd or some kind of digital download, I couldn't give a fuck. But as someone living in remote Australia, I can't see this movie without pirating it online or travelling four hours in PERSONAL TRANSPORT to the nearest cinema to see it. And that's not on a fucking train, or on a bus. That would be me, fueling my car, driving four hours to an evening showing of it, and then driving another four hours back home just because dumb cunts on reddit can't hold their fucking tongues.
Funny how all of the things they're talking about happened before gamegate was even a thing... If they did that shit now, gamergate would be at the forefront of the pushback against that censoring. I am, to this day, banned from the SR4 discussion board for 'advocating privacy', Pic for proof: http://oi66.tinypic.com/34g0wo8.jpg Because I DARED to ask why the fuck my pre-order was being changed to a 'rest of the world' edition, thereby completely excluding me from being able to play with my friends who weren't being censored, while pointing out that pirating the game would have gotten around any of this bullshit censorship AND allowed me to fucking play with my friends. Gamergate was attacking this bullshit since the fucking beginning. We've been at the forefront of of the fight against censorship. We just weren't called 'gamergate'. We were just fucking gamers back then. This shit happened before gamergate was a thing. Want to know why we're not making a big deal about it any more? Because *it's not fucking happening right now*. The censorship of the Japanese games *is*. I fucking guarantee you that when they pull more bullshit like this, we will address it and condemn it with equal or greater fervour.
Damn skippy. The 'zoe post' happened on August 16, 2014. Even if you were to believe that gamergate sprung into existence at that exact moment as a fully-fledged counter-cenorship behemoth with tens of thousands of voices: Saints Row 4 was released on August 30th. So Gamergate could have said something! except the fact that SR4 was released in fucking **2013**. South Park: The stick of truth was released March 4th, 2014. Again, before gamergate was even a thing. This retarded fucking petition: https://www.change.org/p/target-withdraw-grand-theft-auto-5-this-sickening-game-encourages-players-to-commit-sexual-violence-and-kill-women Which got GTA V taken off Target's shelves in Australia, happened, roughly, a year ago. Well after Gamergate was already a thing. And what do you know, we made a ruckus about it. So until this person digs up examples of censorship that we have actually ignored, they can fuck off.
I thought you were paraphrasing. I thought you had taken a tweet and written out the intended meaning. I did not think you had lifted the title of this post directly from an article headline. I have no more words. Nothing I can say can accurately convey how much of fucking idiots these people are. My vocabulary, which is usually sufficient, is deficient in the sheer magnitude of their wanton, arrogant stupidity.
But he's just being edgy! You said it yourself, you two-faced cunt, you were a 'teenage edgelord' and you got better, and other people can, too!
Tell me... Do you know the definition of 'insanity'?
The ads for 'lost', back when it was a big thing. There was one ad, that was BLATANTLY bullshitting. Back before you knew what the monster was? There was a shot of the trees shaking, the sound of the monster, and then: "YOU *WILL* SEE WHAT'S IN THE JUNGLE!" It was a very effective way to make everyone tune in. And when we found in, the last five seconds of the episode, it was Walt or that one black guy or whoever? EXTREMELY effective way to make sure none of us watched the show ever again.
I know a guy. He won 125 million. He works 9-5 and has his money bundled up in a trust fund or something. Mainly because he's from a European country and they had to hide the money for fear of him being kidnapped and held for ransom. Fucking insane.
Not as vulnerable, more likely to cause national headlines, more likely to invoke a manhunt, more likely to involve the police itself, etc? Some dumb country bumpkin who just won 500mil in the lottery is a lot easier to convince to hand over a few mil for the safe return of a relative without involving the police, than it is to, say, try to kidnap Kanye West and milk him for some dough.
Why don't you just read the answers to the other guy who asked the exact same question?
Wonder how the fuck I got from Australia, to NK, in a single night while I slept the entire time.
I am offensive and I find this Australian.
That's a paradox. You go back to stop the crime, and now you have no reason to go back and stop the crime. Like, if you went back and killed your grandfather, you have now broken the 'loop', because you're not born yet and can't ever be born. Therefore, you couldn't go back and kill your grandfather.
Mythbusters actually did a bit on that. If both of them were on the door, they both die.
[This was the only thing I could think of](http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-k31YPsKQ-WU/UzRCqXIbBbI/AAAAAAAABFg/Gpwm5rNfehw/s1600/tve916mdxrkzmhhv635u.gif)
Smoking. It *will* kill you. But people just say 'I might die tomorrow of X'. They just don't understand they're not one of the lucky ones that will die young. They're going to die middle-aged in awful, horrific ways.
And it's official. Political correctness has gone too fucking far.
Max Payne. I like the videogames, and the opening sequence is fine. I even like Mark Wahlberg. Started watching it again on netflix this morning like 'why did I never watch this movie?' And then it comes to shadowy raven things supernaturally attacking people and the devil and hell or whatever and I just give up. Screw it. I don't mind supernatural movies, but ugh. Something about that one is just shit.
I expect to see you on SRS very soon, but goddamn that made me laugh.
This. And I don't mean literally this comment, like, hurrrrrrr I'm fishing for gold look at me I'm so clever. No, I mean those other dumbfuck comments that just say 'this' and get gilded, because they're *so* fucking clever. What a joke.
God. Fucking anything on fox. Fuck fox. Sincerely. Just **FUCK FOX**. Terra Nova. That one police crime thing with the androids. The unmentionable Firefly. And then stargate universe not getting renewed. No more stargate, except some movie that's going to ignore all the established canon after the first movie. Just... fuck. Fuck TV excecs. Buncha cunts.
Fox cancelled it. Like they cancel any of their good shows.
That's the one! I loved that series. And then I went looking for season 2 and found out it was produced by Fox. And what do you know? They fucking axed it.
Would you like an AMA with Santa while you're at it? In all seriousness, classical quicksand is a myth. For it to be hard to get out of, it has to be thick. And if it's thick, it's easier to float on. A drunk quadriplegic could safely float on 'quicksand' and survive.
Hitler. Just kidding that guy was evil af
&gt;it had only taken EIGHT MINUTES for me to sink down to my waist lol.
Annnnd not paying for Netflix any more. As an Australian, fuck Netflix. Give us a fucking streaming service with one seventh what is available in America? Oh, thank you *so* much for seasons seven and eight of mythbusters! That's really great. Where's the fucking rest of them? I understand that there are legal hurdles to these things. But either put up, or shut up. Netflix needs to give me something to justify me paying them every month for the service. And with Netflix Australia, they're not worth the fucking money.
Countdown until the backlash is blamed on white males...
Absolutely none. I am equally resistant to all forms of enhanced interrogation techniques. Nice try though, CIA.
