I worked in one of the McDonald's that was an original test market for the pizzas. We did full size pizza's too. They didn't sell well at all but everyone who worked there loved them. The country ham from breakfast made for one hell of a good pizza topping for my lunch. They also had roast beef sandwiches that were amazing.
Yep. He will end up being the voice in Rey's ear in the next two films. And at some point Luke will get to see him with Obi, Yoda, and Anakin in all his ghostly splendor. And probably will see him say goodbye to Chewie at some point.
Back in college I hung out with a bunch of guys on the college soccer team. One of the guys always said his dad knew the first President Bush. Supposedly managed the communication guys. I and everyone that played on that team figured he was full of shit. Well Bush came to town on a campaign trip and the kid's dad was able to get the whole soccer team to the airport to get a picture with the President. Pretty cool.
Used to do this in High School and College quite a bit. We called it big foot hunting. Stopped after one drunken idiot decided to poor a milk jug full of gasoline in the lake we camped by. And of course a second drunkard threw a burning branch on it to see what would happen. Gasoline floats so ended up with a Lake of Fire. Still can't believe we survived that idiocy.
I found someones iPhone a few years back. Figured out the carrier was AT&amp;T and took it to one of their stores. They should be able to figure out from the phone who it belongs to. Evidently people don't do this as they had no idea what to do with the phone. It was as if I had brought them a rotten fish. Eventually talked to the store manager who seemed to have an idea what to do. Odd experience.
Wire transfers can be somewhat expensive ($15+) to initiate and you probably don't have the persons ABA and DDA with only their CC and Debit cards. Would need that info to do a wire transfer.
Yeah, this would have been an i-Phone that we pre-siri. Also the battery was dead and I didn't have a charging cable handy so couldn't do anything with it.
I had already popped it out and handed it to them with the phone. The phones battery was dead so had to pull the sim to see who the carrier was.
I just bought and brought home my first bike today...knew I would see something on Reddit tonight that makes me second guess the purchase :)
Out of curiosity, what college did you go to? I went to a pretty good engineering school and got out with about $30,000 in debt. Also what ballpark is your salary? What engineering discipline? What region of the country? If you want to climb the salary ladder quickly you will probably need to look at jumping jobs after a few years. Companies don't have a lot of incentive to give employees decent raises, so you will be lucky to keep up with inflation staying at the same place. Depending on the discipline you might want to look into consulting at that point. Consulting has the advantage of generally paying by the hour which gives you the opportunity for overtime. Good luck.
No clue on the Mechanical side. Know one mechanical engineer but he works for Olympus back in Japan :) You might be able to check glassdoor to figure out the likely salaries in your area (spatial and discipline).
Seems like the Philosophy faculty should be ideally suited to making a winning argument on why the Dept. should not be shut down. And just because Philosophy is a valuable degree doesn't mean that every university should offer it. Simply supply and demand. If there aren't enough students to pay for the department then cut it. The other schools that keep it should see an increase in students. Eventually it should hit equilibrium and you end up with just enough schools to cover the students who want to study it. Not all Universities offer engineering programs, dental programs, animal husbandry, etc... Wh should they all have Philosophy.
Yep, heard him say that in person. He doesn't feel he owes the fans shit with respect to unwritten books. Something about having it in his will that no one would be allowed to finish it for him. This was right as the first season was filming for the TV series and he mentioned that the deal with HBO required him to divulge the overall plot so the TV show could end without him.
Do you mean connect or do you mean pair? Generally they prevent you from pairing while the car is moving as they fear you are driving and aren't paying attention to the road while doing the pairing. If you mean actually connecting a paired device, probably what you are seeing is that the car stopped trying to connect to the phone after a bit. So if you get in the car, start driving, and then turn on bluetooth on your phone, the car has already given up. Sometimes they will periodically check for a connection say every five minutes or so. In essence the car sends out a broadcast saying I am here and ready for you to connect to. The phone sees that broadcast and says I am paired with that guy, I should connect. If the car has given up it stops broadcasting it is there so the phone doesn't know to try and connect.
What I meant with the IT department was not a group of people to maintain the networks. I am talking about teaching people to develop software, use complex systems, etc... Many disciplines benefit from learning a bit of the IT discipline to build tools for themselves. I am sure people have built tools to help handle symbolic logic for philosophical arguments for instance. I think your fourth point is more of a personal goal for academics, not a goal for a university. I doubt very many (as a percentage) students go to college with the goal of helping to understand the world. I certainly didn't. I went wanting to learn as much as I could about the field I was interested in. Would I have been willing to pay extra to fund the school trying to understand the world? Nope, school was too expensive already. Once again, it just isn't practical for every university to do everything. If universities had infinite resources then sure. But resources are finite. I would expect philosophers to be able to help allocate those resources appropriately, but there is a bit of a conflict of interest in them emphasizing allocations to their own discipline :)
Yeah, I don't think our views are that different really. It is merely a matter of all verse many really. One last question though. If the Philosophy department is so useful for the other departments wouldn't the deans of those departments be their staunchest supporters? Would they not be willing to share their budgets to subsidize the Philosophy program? Or are you thinking it is one of those things they won't miss till it is gone?
Really like Longmire, but hated the first Netflix season. The writing just didn't feel as strong.
I have seen cancelled checks that look like that. I suspect someone ran the bill through whatever machine they used to use to cancel checks. Just a guess.
Infinite Jest was the first to come to mind, though it wasn't a book I really enjoyed reading. I read a lot and have a fairly large vocabulary. That book had me looking up more words in a dictionary than pretty much all the books I have read in the last 2 decades combined. I think the author randomly chose words in a dictionary and just wrote around them. That book is dense. As for your classics list, I have read 1984, Of Mice and Men (assume that is what you meant), Brave New World, Slaugtherhouse V, The Illiad, The Odyssey, and One Flew over the Cuckoo's Nest. All of those were good. I think Cuckoo's Nest, 1984, and Slaughterhouse V were my favorites of that list. As for your vocabulary builders, Inherent Vice and Infinite Jest both fit the bill. Inherent Vice was a good read, Infinite Jest was more like a painful chore that it felt good to complete.
Wasn't as much of a slog as Anathem (though I liked Anathem a lot more). It was interesting, just jumped around a bit. And for me the ending came a bit abrupt and was a bit unsatisfying. Hard to explain without giving spoilers but there was a lot left unknown.
Empire by Orson Scott Card took a really hard turn very early in the book that was very disconcerting. Pretty good book though.
Nah, Ghost is going to crush his skull. Way too much foreshadowing with Ramsay feeding people to the dogs.
I don't regret going skydiving. I do regret not knowing that a jock strap might be important. When the chute opens and most of you decelerates from a few hundred miles an hour to 15 miles an hour in about 20 feet you become quickly aware of the bits that are...dangling shall we say. I am not too proud to admit anonymously that I screamed like a little girl when my junk objected to the sudden stop. TL;DR; Wear a jock strap if you are male and go sky diving.
Went to college in Louisville and the dorm I lived in wouldn't let students bring in booze the days before the Kentucky derby. Searched all bags on way in. We used this kids method to get it all in through my fifth floor window. Kid is ready for college!
Nice, the process in reverse :)
Similar rule was in place. However they could refuse you entry to the dorm for any reason. So either you let them search it or you don't go in.
Since you know the dorm you will appreciate this. I had a roommate my freshman year in that dorm who was kind of a strange guy. He liked to climb out the window and sit on the ledge. I was studying one day when he climbed out. About five minutes later there is a knock on the door. I open the door and there is my roommate. He climbed from our window to the neighbor's window somehow, managed to open it, and climb in. He then knocked on the door as if nothing strange had occurred. To help you picture the feat, we were one of the rooms at the end of the hall and the neighbor's room was the adjacent room at the end of the other hall. All on the fifth floor.
Early 90s. Have a ton of stories from that dorm. Here is another one. Two guys who lived elsewhere used to hang out on our floor getting drunk a lot. They had the habit of pulling the fire alarm when they left for the evening. Happened a dozen times if it happened once. Well, one night one of the guys was completely hammered when someone else pulled the fire alarm. I am following him down the steps and out the dorm. He passed out mid stride down those concrete steps and face planted into one of the landings. This got a round of applause from all the people around as everyone knew he was the one that normally pulled the alarms. I thought the dude was dead, but he kind of woke up, shook it off and continued down the stairs oblivious to the blood gushing from his nose.
Hitting on someone they work with.
I am two decades removed but they did whatever the hell they wanted back then.
And the orientation of the receiver.
Highlander 2; Eye of the Beholder
You carry a gas mask in a BoB every where you go and that doesn't sound crazy? :) I understand it doesn't sound crazy to you, but a lot of us it does.
Like I said, I understand this sounds normal and reasonable to you. Just not something a majority of people do. Not criticizing, just saying. I would say it sounds a lot like what I take to Burning Man though so we are not so very far apart :)
No idea, but assuming you mean Las Vegas you might want to edit the title :)
Think of something you love, something you think allows you to keep your family safe, something that you use as part of an activity you have done since you were a child (hunting) and suddenly it is now illegal for you to own it. That is what people are afraid of. I have never owned a gun in my life and probably will never own one. But I do understand why people would be afraid they will be taken from them.
Had to look it up. The batter can switch after each pitch. The pitcher must stick with whatever arm he uses for the first pitch to a batter until that batter is retired. I think there is an exception if he injures that arm and has to switch during an at bat, but then the pitcher has to stick with whichever hand he switched to. Seems a little unfair to the pitcher.
I am one of the old guys that just doesn't get it. I can remember when I was a kid not having quarters and watching others play video games enviously. Twitch just seems like the modern day version of that and the idea makes me a bit sad.
That actually sounds like a plus. I didn't really want an Xbox One because it included Kinect. Might consider the Xbox One S if it doesn't have it.
Don't think you had a choice when it first came out. Sounds like you do now.
I am not that old 😀. I played mmorpgs for well over a decade (Asheron's Call, Asheron's Call 2, Dark Ages of Camelot, Earth and Beyond, Star Wars Galaxies, Pirates of the Burning Sea, and of course WOW). I get the online social aspect. I just don't understand being an observer rather than a participant.
I am from America so your comments are not silly. And believe me the absurdity of our military actions causes me just as much amusement as this Canadian incident did. No insult to Canada was meant. I think the reason I found it so amusing is how differently I imagined the US handling a similar situation. I picture a fully armed contingent of Navy Seals taking the ship with extreme force within hours of any such demands. Not that I think that is good but it is pretty much how we do things.
I really like to think Douglass took his towel with him. Would be very sad to think he entered whatever is next without it.
He should probably take care of the $1500 in collections and the $1700 for the attorney before the credit cards. He doesn't mention how much he is spending on gas, entertainment, etc... The $360 car payment and $120 insurance seems a bit high with that salary but even if he could half that by getting a cheaper/cheaper to insure car it wouldn't make a huge difference.
Overall crime rates are not an accurate measure of what it was aiming to stop. It was intended to reduce the likely hood of shit like Orlando. You can extend to absurdity the right to bare arms to private ownership of nukes, and no one would really argue for that. The question is where you draw the line between reasonable for private ownership. I would say below the threshold of an AR15 but that is just my opinion.
Don't have to look closer. It was clear you were referring to shooting people the first time I read it. Really didn't want to dignify that part of your statement with a response as it was pretty clearly trolling :)
So pictures of their husbands are out too...
Some truth to that but you also have to figure in all the arms/armament/food/etc... That was coming from the US as well as it's intelligence assets. Saw a saying at one point that went along the lines of The English gave x, the US gave y, and the Russians gave blood. Wish I could remember the phrase or at least what x and y were 😀
No joke, I had a girl grab my junk one time and I didn't get the hint. I thought she was just joking around. I would say I got older and wiser but I am still pretty damn clueless.
Yeah, I would have thought so too till it happened to me. It has never happened again.
Friend bought a Ford Probe in 1993 or so. Installed a car alarm with a pager in it. So essentially this has been around for quite a while.
Well they certainly didn't spend any of the CGI budget on Ghost. I really wanted to see Ghost crack Ramsey's skull like a walnut.
Be very careful when you say stored procedures will prevent sql injection. If done correctly they can. But they can be done badly enough they fix nothing. Easiest way to break one is to have one parameter to the stored procedure. Name that parameter WhereClause. Build the where clause dynamically and put that string in the WhereClause parameter. You now have a broken stored procedure. Use parameterized queries to prevent the issue. Don't rely on sanitized inputs. You can still use stored procedures just make sure you treat them like parameterized queries.
Probably normal, but you should ask coworkers if it takes too long whether they got their check or not. I have had a couple of jobs where they screwed up and didn't add me to payroll right away. The job only paid monthly too so ended up going almost 2 months before my first check. Sucked.
It also covers the Command Module Pilot training with the Al Baz(sp?) guy by flying over Hawaiian volcanic craters. That is why I made the wording a bit vague :)
It is a little confusing, but is easy once you understand it. Basically think of it this way. Say you are in a situation where you will be taxed 10% of the first $10 you earned, 15% of the second $10 you earned, and 20% of the third $30 you earned. Say you earned exactly $30. You would owe $1 + $1.50 + $2 in taxes or $4.50 of the $30 you earned. Easy enough right? Well the chart they list is the same thing, except they are making it so you don't have to calculate the percentages of the first two brackets yourself. In this case you would see $30 = $2.50 + 20% of income over $20. So just makes it much quicker to figure out. What most people screw up is the take the amount and then multiply the percentage for their bracket against their entire income. You just take that percentage times the amount of your income minus the starting amount for that bracket and then add the amount listed. I have talked to so many intelligent people that say stupid things like "I don't want to earn anymore because it will put me in the next tax bracket and that will end up costing me more". This can only be true if you are getting some sort of low income credit or something and even then I am not sure it would apply.
I like "That's All There Is" a lot, but it didn't really give me goosebumps like the two I mentioned.
Haven't seen that one. Will have to check it out.
Drove my green 1978 Pontiac Catalina to a grocery store back around 1990. Went inside, shopped, came back out, unlocked door, started car and drove away. Only then did I realize that the car I was driving was not actually mine. Turns out someone else had the exact same model car, same year, in the same color, parked in the same row as I parked in, and happened to have both a door lock and an ignition lock that my keys worked with (separate keys iirc). The odds of that happening blew my mind. I drove back and parked it in the same spot. I waited for about 20 minutes to tell the person what I had accidentally done but couldn't wait any longer and left. Was a very surreal situation. It turns out that the locks on that car were really bad and wore down to the point that pretty much anything would work in the ignition. But still an odd situation.
Bar Rescue. I know a guy whose daughter was a regular at a bar from KC that was on it and was shown in the episode. They made it like there was a raccoon living in the ceiling, which had been living there for some time. Evidently it had a raccoon in the ceiling long before bar rescue came to town that was removed immediately. She was telling her dad that the owners and staff made it seem like the were dysfunctional for the cameras but really just got a free renovation out of it. I loved the show, but can't watch it the same since I heard this.
Open an account at a credit union in your area if you don't have one already. Get a car loan for a cheap car and pay it off quickly (I did a year). Get a credit card with a low limit. Put an expense that you have monthly anyway on it and pay it off each month. Can't say that is the best way, but it worked for me. My dad is a very smart guy and opened a CU account for me the week I was born to start my credit history as soon as possible. I had cash to buy a cheap car ($400) but he made me take a 1 year loan out for it instead. Along with that I paid my bills each month and kept my debt as low as possible. YMMV.
You type pretty well for a dead guy. So how was the funeral otherwise?
Used to go to an authentic Mexican restaurant. A couple of times I would be salting my carnitas but it kept getting sweeter. Evidently the Salt and Sugar bags looked mostly the same and the staff couldn't read English so kept screwing up and filling the salt shakers with sugar.
Me too. Thought he was going to be nothing but a blur heading out the window.
I can't even remember whether he made her top 10 list. Obviously she doesn't know about him tossing Bran out the window.
So we had the red wedding. Now we have the green trial?
Well, if Sansa gives him the cold shoulder and he goes after Arya next he is probably going to have a quick death. So there is that...
And still no Ghost. Is Ghost off on a vision quest in the woods or something?
Buddy Holley is Alive and Well on Gamymede by Bradley Denton. Won't get any up votes because no one has read it but is a really great book.
If she starts to go after everyone that was horrible then she would kill more people than Martin :) She has to limit herself a bit I think.
Have a lot of books that no one would ever touch but you? Put them in the pages of the least interesting. Have a jacket no one including you would ever wear? Put it in the pocket. Use a magnet to pin it to the back of the fridge if there is a spot that isn't near the coil that a magnet will stick to. Pick up one of those fake can safes. Have curtain rods that are hollow? Roll it up and put it in there. Just figure out the dumbest places someone might consider hiding money and do that.
You have to realize it is a self selecting group. You have to be a little risk accepting to ride a motorcycle. Add to that it is someone that has a camera going and posts videos to YouTube and you have people whose motto is safety third.
When I went skydiving. After I landed the adrenaline was pumping through my veins so fiercely that I was vibrating.
Feeling threatened and your life being in danger are two entirely different things. I have known too many people that were terrified of their own shadows to be comfortable with "Feeling threatened" to be the threshold for someone being justified in shooting someone.
Well, I don't have common sence, but I do have common sense. Now if having common sense were a pre-requisite to being able to use the "feeling threatened" defense then I might be OK with it.
Probably not safe to do both. With an old flip phone probably could get a way with it, opening and dialing with your off hand. But with most new phones you probably need two hands.
I really don't know what is being asked there. It is very ambiguous. Is visiting porn sites no big deal or not worth doing? Could take it either way.
Thought about that actually. But since Siri has trouble figuring out anything I say when I am relaxed and patient, I really doubt she will understand me when I ask her to call 911.
He has sort of a sermon in the first comic to be fair. Basically curses everyone out from the pulpit.
Sure it is easy. But doing so while pointing a loaded weapon at someone you are scared of? Probably not so much. If you have to point a gun at someone you should really expect to use 100% of your concentration on that.
So it is always brothers and sisters if you are speaking of someones siblings that you don't know the specifics of? As in "Do you have brothers and sisters?" instead of "Do you have siblings?". Do you have words for parents, and grandparents? I think the only one we don't have collective/generic versions for would be aunts and uncles.
Plan for a lot of small purchases at home depot/lowes immediately. Things like garden hoses, rakes, shovels, etc... aren't big enough you budget for them, but they add up quickly. What I found out before buying is that when you file the change of address form for the post office, the big box stores will send you out a coupon for a significant percentage off your entire bill for one trip. I made a list of all the small stuff I could imagine and I just bought it all at once. Not sure if they still do it but worth checking into.
From Coach K's wording in the announcement that Allen was being suspended indefinitely I got the impression he was being forced by the administration to do so. Just my impression, so take it for what it is. But if you take that as a given, might this surgery be a way to get back a little at the administration? Allen's suspension was indefinite and Coach K will be out indefinitely while recovering from the surgery. Just seems an odd coincidence. I generally like Coach K, so this isn't really a criticism. Just curious if anyone thinks the two might be related.
I don't agree, it is clearly deception. You are deceiving the other team into thinking you are attacking a basket you won't be. But take another play that happens relatively often. Throwing the ball off the back of a defender to inbound it under the basket to yourself. Main purpose is to embarrass your opponent as he obviously wasn't paying attention. Not sportsmanlike? Really? The plays are both within the rules and kids playing at the college level should know better than to let them happen to them.
Almost always it is placing your back to the inbounder when you are guarding the inbounder. That is about as much "not paying attention" as you can get.
Because they are kids having fun? Nah...couldn't be that.
Sounds extremely complex to me....yeah...
We are talking about something that a team might pull off or even try once a season. If you don't have someone defending an inbounder that makes that mistake then the odds of being able to try this are about nil. So you are correct, but also irrelevant?
OK, explain exactly how you practice this? Other than say, practicing an actual inbound play from backcourt? Cause that is exactly how they set up. No difference other than the in bounder and the person she threw it to running the wrong way.
The Night Of hit a lot of the same notes for me as True Detective Season 1 did. I discounted all the yellow king stuff pretty early in the series and just thought of it as a murder mystery and enjoyed it thoroughly. I didn't care for season 2 much though.
I was fascinated by John from Cincinnati but in a train wreck kind of way. I was very disappointed they canceled it that early. Interesting comparison between it and season 2 :)
You think they were buddies?
How is this shitty? Is a fake punt in football shitty? Is the old fake throwing the ball back to the pitcher then tagging the guy out when he steps off the bag shitty? Is it shitty because it worked? Could be the coach came up with it, or could be the players came up with it and asked the coach if they could do it. Or could be an assistant saw a high school squad do it and thought it would be funny. Regardless of who came up with it, it is something they will be laughing about with their friends for years. It was fun. If I had been one of the opponents I would have found it funny. Not sure why people outside the game would take it seriously.
I probably would go with a used vehicle in your situation. You don't have to get a truck to get AWD and a used non truck AWD vehicle seem to be less than a similar truck AWD. The truck aspect doesn't really factor into the fuel economy. I have a crossover awd vehicle now and plan to trade it on a awd truck with the same sized engine and similar trim that has better MPG than my car. I don't think you can lump them together and get any meaningful stats. You have to check them individually. Also make sure you check interest rates you can get. If you can't get a good rate you are much better off living with your current vehicle till you can buy something better. And last bit is be careful about spending money you haven't made yet. Coming straight out of school you have no idea whether the job will last. I personally would want to work the job for a year and see how I did before spending anything I didn't have to. For all you know you will hate the job with a passion and you may regret borrowing money for a vehicle that now force you to stay there. You need a vehicle that will get you to work everyday without fail, but it isn't time yet for luxury.
It is a legitimate play you should expect. There is no rule that the inbounding team can't have everyone in back court right? If Duke had set up on defense at the correct end, it wouldn't have been a problem. UofL didn't force them to. A flop is an entirely different beast. With that you are trying to deceive the refs. With this you are trying to deceive your opponent. Two very, very different things. Flops are akin to sending the wrong player to the line to shoot free throws and hoping the refs don't catch it. But as a UK fan I am sure you haven't seen your men's team do either of those :)
I still don't see how this was shitty. This is within the rules. Yeah, it is a trick play, but in what other sport do people bitch about trick plays being shitty? They make sports center highlights all day because they are entertaining. If this wasn't legal in any way I am sure the refs would have stopped it or called a technical. It is just so ludicrous that it worked, and people are having a hard time wrapping their mind around that for some reason.
Not sure it would be petty at all if this were the case. If the admin is forcing his hand in disciplining his player then this would be coach K reminding them he has power too.
Well they hate each other throughout, one screwed the other's wife. And they actually fought. So not buddies. That is like calling Seven a buddy cop movie. This is a psychological thriller if you want to label it I guess. But frankly it doesn't quite fit in a standard genre way.
And you can show an example of Cal benching a player for flopping like Pitino did to Chris Jones for his inexcusable flop I expect?
I really hope you realize how crazy that sounds. The DNC isn't an intelligence agency or terrorist group. They wouldn't know how to have someone killed if they wanted to. And I think they have proven they can't keep anything secret so if they had we would have seen the meeting notes where it was discussed posted on wikileaks already. I think the Intel that is making us confident enough to blame Russia is actually good ole human Intel. And that isn't something we can expose as it would tend to get our asset killed. As to Russia hackers leaving trace, frankly they were better off doing so. Their goal seems to be to destabilize our government, not to get a specific candidate elected. The best thing they could hope for is to see us arguing with each other over who is to blame.
Used to do this to my mom at the mall. She would go to the mall and me and my brother knew where she always parked. We would go to the mall and move her car while she was shopping. Normally just a few rows over. The car was distinct enough (orange Volkswagen van) there was no fear she wouldn't find it. She never noticed. Or if she did she figured out what happened and just ignored it so we would lose interest.
The ladies emails are out there for the world to read yet she is able to keep her hit squad secret. Right.
And like I said, all of that analysis makes you sound insane.
So the tin foil hat is a prevention tool to prevent head buried in sand syndrome. Now I get it.
Did they ever upgrade the air raid siren speaker monstrosity? Has to be the most hideous "score board" contraption in existence.
They were one of the most profitable programs when they were still at Freedom Hall! We have been at the top of those rankings for a long time.
How many billionaire businessmen are in his cabinet again?
Robin Hobb Anne McCaffrey Margaret Weiss Ursula K. Le Guin Anne Rice
How many dad's take their young daughters into the men's room anyway when they are out with the kids? Happens quite often. How many transgenders have you run into in a restroom in your life? Me? Zero that I have noticed. People need to stop acting like this is common enough to be any big deal.
So two out of thousands in 2016. And that is not uncommon?
He probably had Pence agree to pardon him for anything/everything before he would add him to the ticket.
Having a hard time with a complex concept I see...
Except a password cracking program would have been unlikely to guess his password. As password cracking programs are generally cracking against hashed password files, and they didn't have the hashed passwords. Additionally if the password were being guessed, he would have seen multiple password failure messages showing up in his inbox which would have let them know someone was trying to guess the password.
Was going to say, it has nothing on the 80's luggables. Svelte by comparison.
Cold induced urticaria... break out in hives in cold weather sometimes. My allergist thought I was full of shit when he tried the ice cube test and it didn't trigger. Then his nurse wiped down my back for standard allergy test. The alcohol wipe she used triggered it. She first thought I scratched my self, but realized there was no way in hell I could reach those spots on my back. She called the doctor back in along with the other nurses. They proceeded to write on my back with the alcohol wipe. Was more entertaining for them than for me :)
And it sounds like even Trump is not arguing the connection after his briefing. The last I saw he only disputed it effected the results and not who was behind t.
Because evidence only comes to us when it is convenient to your wishes? The evidence may have taken a while to collect you know. Plus there are indications Congress was briefed before the election and the GOP voted against making their conclusions public.
Referring to the misinformation and other fake news stories. Hillary on death's door. Thry rigged the primaries. Hillary is coming for your guns. Hillary means war with Russia. etc...
And that just won't happen. Based on the "ratings" of the conclusions of the CIA, FBI, and NSA (High, High, and Moderate respectively) it suggests that human intel is probably their strongest source. And there is no way they will publish anything that could risk a human asset over this. If the NSA is the only moderate that means they probably weren't the source of the info, meaning it is less likely signal intelligence than human intelligence.
I keep seeing the claim that Hillary wanted war with Russia from Trumpets, but have seen absolutely no explanation of this. Since when is standing up to the Russians the same as wanting war with them. Did Reagan want war with Russia when he stood up to them?
You didn't read the part of the report about Russia paying Trolls to push fake stories about Hillary? Her illness, etc...
Actually they will probably have cameras in the interior, and will be monitored in exceptional circumstances by a center somewhere. Car says "No one will exit the vehicle, please advise" to the center. Someone pops up the video and says, uh oh, the person is passed out. Car, take the person to the hospital. Then it would tell the hospital the car was incoming.
MASH
When did I say it would forcefully keep its occupant in the car? The scenario was a passed out individual being taken to the hospital because they were not conscious. Hard for them to try and leave a car when they are out cold. They wake up and want out? Car would obviously let them.
Did you read the thread I was commenting on??? You know, about an uber driver who had a passenger who passed out in their car...and then someone asked what an automated uber car would do...and I you know commented on that? Yeah, I am damage controlling a comment I wrote that some dimwit on the internet who can't read decided to focus on...now why exactly???
Lol, I think you provided plenty of evidence to justify dimwit :)
I have had them, and I was raised in Kentucky. They were pretty good.
Yep.
It tasted pretty good to me. Didn't really have any effects from it.
Didn't take long. I did get in trouble with the security guys for trying to take a picture from the perspective of Mona Lisa of the crowd around her. Still think it would have been a great shot, but for some reason they don't allow it...
That is good news. The old board didn't seem to have UofL's best interest at heart.
For that price, I would send it back.
Especially Beaver Dam on the West Kentucky Parkway.
Is it just me or does the middle one's head not match up with the body? Seems too high up, too big, and at an impossible angle.
If they are helping you move them currently then apologize. Otherwise tell them to screw off.
Decent prostitute. I have a new favorite oxymoron.
My best guess is she heard someone talking about a twin, or a dead twin when she was a kid and her subconscious finally worked through it and started raising it up in the dreams when she was an adult.
Paducah?
I went to Speed school at UofL and left the state as soon as I could. Highly recommend that path :)
Go Racers. Used to play the executive golf course there from time to time (Sullivan's iirc).
It was scary as hell the first time. After the 10th time you just want to get back to sleep...
From the FBI, CIA, and NSA...
There was a show called "It takes a thief" or something similar where two ex burglars break into houses on video to show the owners how easy it is. They then upgraded the security on the house. One of the thieves said he always stole all remotes he found in a house, but not for profit. He was never allowed to control the remote in his house growing up so he stole them out of spite.
Must be a British term. Have never heard anyone refer to it as finesse...
They are exhibition shots. Fun to watch, and fun to pull off, but not real practical.
So Trump making fun of people by acting like they are disabled is OK because he does it to people who both do and do not have disabilities. It is fucking juvenile no matter who he is making fun of and doing it to an actual disabled person is unconscionable.
The outrage is definitely not fake. It is one of the most disgusting things I have ever seen a politician do.
The legal immigrants do exactly the same thing.
Nah, what you will find is some sort of guest worker program so that farmers can "legally" exploit those workers will be quietly implemented.
Did you actually read my comment? Mocking an able bodied Zodiac by acting disabled is not good. Doing the same thing to a disabled reporter is really not good. Simple enough for you?
This would be disgusting whether he was mocking a disabled person or not. This is something a high school bully does, not a fucking politician.
If you believe he wasn't making fun of the disabled person for being disabled, then I have a lovely bridge to sell you...i.e. you are naive and might be easily scammed.
The thread is about him being a fucking clueless bully. No virtue signaling or whatever you seem to think. Just outrage about a fucking bully being in office and being so brash about being a bully while doing so.
Asking people to be civil while discussing something that was definitely not civil might be a bit much to ask... His hand motions had nothing to do with deflection. Everyone has seen a teenager do a spastic rendition of a "retard" to insult someone. And it looked exactly like Donald did. If we were talking about Baron doing this, we might understand. His 70 year old father should have a bit more dignity than a school kid.
Worked with a guy who said he won a World Series of Poker bracelet. All the winners are listed online; He was not amongst them. It was often entertaining just listening to his stories and seeing how quickly you could discredit him. He was actually a reasonably nice guy, just completely full of shit.
German. In Germany. Welsh in Wales. I am a typical white guy with reddish blonde hair, so I get the misidentification initially. But when I only respond to you in English and you keep going on and on in your language when I clearly don't understand, then it might be a bit much.
Brain Damage by Pink Floyd.
Punch him in the face and say "you got what you deserved, everything happens for a reason.", drop the mic, and walk off.
How many selfish jackasses have you known that have helped anyone buy themselves? You think this collosal jackass will help you? Really? I tend to worry less about my pocket and more about other people's pockets. Not sure anything he has promised to do will hurt me but I sure as hell see it as bad for the unfortunates.
Not sure that is why he would look foolish. He has that well covered already.
From everything I have read, Trump holds a grudge forever. Just a week or so ago he recognized a guy who wrote a book about him and kicked the guys entire foursome (including a Koch brother) off his golf course. So yeah, I think he remembers everyone who criticized him. Kind of what Megalomaniacs are known for. Again. Even if he was just making fun of Cruz like this he is a dick for doing it. Making fun of able bodied people by acting disabled isn't OK either is it? Tis a shitty thing to do.
How many times must I explain this. Insulting people by acting disabled is horrible. Insulting a disabled person by acting disabled is worse. Who the fuck said it was better or worse than anything Hillary did? What the hell does that have to do with the subject at all? Trump is going to be president and needs to learn how to adult now and stop being a complete dick. If Hillary had won I would be saying she needs to learn how to handle security, classified info, and should stop being a bitch to other Democrats. Would it hurt so very much for you to say Trump is a dick and needs to stop acting like a dick?
As someone whose insurance premiums were going up by 20% a year before aca I don't have a lot of sympathy for you. Aca didn't increase healthcare costs. The industry did that all by itself.
Have you read much about how the intelligence services for pretty much every country work? If you had then the president staying in a hotel with an FSB presence wouldn't be a shock to you. This stuff happens all the time. Short of the president staying in the embassy, or staying on air force one, it is just a given. But I am certain we send people along to sweep the locations, and no classified info would be given to the president in such a situation. I.e. he would travel to the embassy or air force one for any classified briefings. When you, as a politician, stay in another country you realize that you won't be able to control the place you are staying. Your choice is to accept some loss of control and stay in a hotel where you would need to sweep to at least eliminate the obvious bugs/cameras. You stay in an embassy which is a much more controlled environment but still not 100% safe. You stay on Air Force one if you are the president which is less than ideal from a logistics perspective. What other options do you think they have? Read up on when the Moscow embassy was opened back in the 60's if I remember correctly. They found so many listening devices that were literally poured into the concrete of the building they eventually had to just build another one. No one says that Trump stayed there while Obama was there. What possible security concern would Russia have in giving Trump the room that Obama stayed in years earlier? And why would Russia care even if it was days later? They could have put it on a damn billboard and there would be nothing the US could do about it. As to hiring prostitutes, you don't think this happens all the time with the rich and the powerful? It isn't exactly rocket science. Trump could easily have had someone who worked for him acquire them. Or hell, one of his business contacts in Russia could have just sent them to him as a gift. I have no evidence. Never claimed to. But what you are using to try and discount the accusations is just utter bullshit. Traveling to another country is inherently risky for politicians. All you can do is mitigate those risks as much as possible.
No you are arguing that: The CIA wouldn't let Obama stay in a hotel controlled by FSB. Bullshit. Obama has to stay somewhere and there is no guarantee any hotel in a foreign country wouldn't be controlled by foreign security services. You say it would be a security problem if Trump was given the room Obama had stayed in. Do you think they seal it off when Obama isn't using it? No chance. Do you think Obama stayed in a suite other than the best one in the place? Not likely. You think that the Russians would have any reason not to tell someone which room Obama stayed in? Of course not. You claim it would be difficult for Trump to get some prostitutes without everyone knowing. Anyone could do just that. Happens all the time. Complete bullshit. All your arguments are bullshit. As simple as that.
People who stop at the top or bottom of escalators deserve a special place in hell. Like, do you think the people behind you can just pause??
I never said I had any faith in the document at all. I have no idea whether it is complete shit or not. But the reasons you were using to discredit it is complete and utter bullshit. Where is the mythical hotel in Moscow that has no FSB involvement? Who cares what procedures the presidential party takes while he is there, there is absolutely no way they could control who knows what room he stayed in after he left. Do you not think that would be fucking obvious to everyone who worked there? If you think the protection of our president involves controlling who knows what room he stayed in after the fact, you are nuts. And again you haven't explained how the US would keep the info from getting out? And you also assume that the staff at the Ritz Carlton wouldn't lie their ass off to some other rich guy when he asked to stay in the same room. If you think that is somehow the smoking gun to discredit the story then you aren't really thinking this through.
You won't believe cause number 3!
I am so happy you almost typed a legible sentence... I haven't tried to defend anything. Are you mental or something? Telling you that your conclusions are true and total bullshit isn't offering a defense of a report.
Because Trump just called out CNN? Don't you think?
Or maybe grow the fuck up? Yeah, I would go with grow the fuck up if I were you.
Who said it was a debate. Trump was being a dick and the reporter had a right to respond.
What exactly has CNN made up?
Not the same thing at all.
Not the same thing at all. If your standard of "making shit up" is the one we go with then there isn't a news outlet on the planet that will be trustworthy...
You obviously didn't watch the press conference. After saying that Buzzfeed was garbage Trump said (and I quote) "And as far as CNN going out of their way to build it up…and by the way, I just found out, Michael Cohn,…." This was right before Agosta tried to get a question answered. You are entitled to your own opinion, not your own facts.
There is nothing I have to say to change that. They didn't make shit up. They are entitled to cover what they think the story is. I was a Bernie supporter but I am really starting to regret associating with the people still whining about his treatment.
How about you demonstrate how long polls stay on their site? How do we know other polls weren't removed as quickly. It's their site, they can remove what they like and that still isn't making shit up.
And you have a wonderful day too. Notice I didn't call you dense? Cause that would have been rude...
Ding ding ding, we have a winner. Everyone seems to miss how much health insurance costs were rising before ACA. ACA didn't start that trend.
Where did you learn that no profit means the employees make no money? Cause that is what you are implying. Having actually worked for a not for profit I can tell you that isn't the case in the slightest. I got paid very well. The distinction? You aren't trying to increase profits for stockholders and the like. The people making money actually work at the place. What an insane idea right???
Huh?
When I heard this it made my brain hurt...
My sister lived in a house with two others for a few years, and they brought in a girl one of them knew to rent a fourth room when another roommate had moved out. I will call this crazy new chick Ballerina. Ballerina decided she didn't like one of my sister's friends. After having only lived there for 2 weeks, Ballerina decided to unilaterally evict this girl she didn't like. As in while no one was there, Ballerina packed up all that girls stuff and put it on the front porch. Needless to say the shit hit the fan when my sister happens to be the first one back to the house. Ballerina ends up getting kicked out. The strange part was that when my sister and her roommates are telling the story they tell me Ballerina's name. Turns out I had dated her briefly a year prior. And agreed she was batshit crazy. Sister had no idea I dated Ballerina, and I had no idea she moved in with my sister. Just odd coincidence. But she was pretty high up on the hot/crazy graph, as she was indeed a ballerina.
Just looked this up after a discussion with a friend who drives uber and thought passengers having open containers could get him a DUI. In Missouri it is OK for everyone in the car to have an open container and drink except the driver. It isn't legal for the driver to be holding an open container or drinking from one.
It is possible in some states to get a DUI on a bike. Nevada is one of them iirc.
It's what Trump craves!
Guess you didn't actually watch the press conference...
Teenage/adult Anakin was horrible. One of the worst performances in such a big budget film I can remember.
We don't have a reelection because there is no provision for it in the constitution. Nor is there an agreement that it effected the outcome. I can't see how anyone could argue it didn't impact the election, but hard to prove.
Like the candidate who benefitted from it saying it was the Russians on live tv?
Then you saw him shout at the reporter. Why lie about it?
When my parents were paying over 15% for a home loan and that wasn't considered a bad rate. Sounds great. Where do I sign up? /s
I loved the round of "ohayo gozaimasu" and "arigato gozaimasu" when you entered and left. Was like being in a Japanese version of Cheers.
Bullshit. They both raised their voice. Only Trump sounded pissed while doing so.
The video I saw only showed Trump. And Trump was definitely yelling.
Presumably the cats watch the kids. Now the Russians are watching the neighbors and Putin is watching the Russians so I think we are well covered.
Spent 3 days in Berlin, and rode the subway twice. Had one of the undercover conductors ask to see my ticket on one of the two trips. I now feel like I hit the lottery :)
Are you the count? 8, 9 10th question about Trump Ah, Ha, Ha, Ha Ha....
You would be wrong.
