It's nearly impossible to actually "eye test" teams cross-region in LoL. Doing that in League would be like if Asian soccer (football) teams decided to play 2 keepers and 6 strikers while European played 9 defenders and 0 keepers and America played 11 midfield. The styles, metas and overall level of comfort is hilariously inconsistent worldwide. I believe it was EU that took literally 2 months to start playing Sivir while NA and China and Korea were both well into the Sivir craze. EU is currently in an all out aggression early game and fuck teamfights meta (which got Fnatic so far at MSI) while NA is in a late game team centric meta. This is like back in S3 (I believe) except reversed. EU was the "20 minutes of nothing happening, then a team stomps a teamfight after 10 minutes wandering around baron aimlessly" region while we saw the rise of C9 with coordinated team calling and pushing early game leads to the point of the other team being entirely helpless in NA. No meta is better than the others. Late game teamfight comp falls behind massively? Well good luck with your Athene's, Rod Orianna and haunting guise armguard Rumble trying to wombo. Flipside, early game comp doesn't get the lead they need to coast to a win? Prepare for some horrendously one sided teamfights because, shockingly, Irelia/Zed/Corki can't efficiently kill Cassio/Sej/Gnar/Sivir.
Ignoring the fact that the home advantage is flawed in that it's not adjusted for relative opponent strength, the data is biased by that loss streak at home. It's a part of the "data" in the same way as if 5 darts out of 100 flat out missed a dartboard is part of the data.
I really liked Rochelle from Season 12 and Mary from Season 11. I'm not even sure why. Mary should have won, even ignoring what happened to Ja'nel. Rochelle was just silly and probably wouldn't have ran a team well, but she was just so *happy*.
Calling Diana a true assassin is greatly exaggerated. She's always been a weird Assassin/Bruiser/Mage hybrid. The shield makes no sense on an assassin, the E makes no sense for any of them honestly and the ult makes no sense for mage or bruiser.
He can't adjust to the meta. He was great during assassin meta. He was great during farm meta. He's done terrible in the mid-range meta that we have now with Azir, Cass and Viktor.
I was impressed I could understand him through the accent. That's a good sign as to how well he's actually doing with the language. His accent is still very heavy though.
It's always impressive when you find a way to get caught out as Urgot.
Kinda. She doesn't need to stay in mid-range though like Cass. Her Q is Ziggs range and her ult is pretty long range. Her E is the only really short range ability.
Why is Origen convincingly winning fights then losing objectives? That mid lane fight where they 3 for 1ed ended with SK dragon. Catching Sven and Fredy then immediately losing mid tower despite having taken 0 damage.
Fight was going fine... then like 3 people flashed over the wall to chase Sven lol.
Which team is worse, though? The one with the ADC who forgets that the meta shifts or the one with the top/jungle duo that just died TWENTY TIMES in one game.
She's great if she can put out early pressure. She's also great if your tank doesn't go 0/11.
Sorry, but no... if you just shove up to a tower against Kalista/Azir, they are going to poke you forever. That was also not a team to dive, with the Maokai, Kalista, Azir, Naut.
I mean, they'll wind up in the qualification tournament even if they don't win the split. Then, it's on them to just win.
Diamond may have had a good game, but I wasn't impressed in the last few mins (his ults weren't useful) and he was pretty bad in the other 3 games this split. He also wasn't impressive last split either.
Yeah, shit's boring when Giants play like a team. It's almost like they think they're in the LCS or something.
Giants with the "What the fuck are we even doing" teamcomp.
Seriously... Giants have below average siege (AP Kog poke is insane, but Ezreal isn't a tower taking ADC). They have no tank line and no lockdown. They have pitiful early game. How will they win? Split pushing? They can *never* group.
That feel when the 0 ping Alistar can't do the combo you can do at 100 ping.
Best part is that THEY are the ones that wanted to keep the top laner down and they didn't have to sacrifice drag pressure for it.
Did I just witness a completely wiffed Rumble ult and a Sej ult on a black shielded support?
So at what point did Svenskeren lose all talent?
"Hey this is a really good fight for Ro... WHY IS WOOLITE ON TOP OF NOCTURNE, GRAGAS AND ANNIE"
I don't see any possibility of Woolite having a roster spot in a month.
Rumble wasn't in the area. It doesn't continuously knock back.
Soaz is legitimately terrifying now. Where was this the last season with Fnatic.
I mean, they are Korea-like styling on teams at this point. This is silly and it might hurt them when they play better teams, but it's hilarious.
I think TL can beat a few Asian teams... not SKT, but some of the mid-tier Koreans and probably do well against SEA and China.
I know it didn't happen in that game, but can we just put Ezreal back into the garbage can that he belongs in? He doesn't *do* anything.
And Teemo winds up being top damage in games involving him more often than not too. Does that make him incredibly impactful? I see traditional Ezreal like a worse Corki and Blue Ez as a worst Urgot.
Why are they not fighting that? Fenix literally hit 4 with a stun and Jarvan and Alistar were both sub 500 health.
There will never be a worse Olafing than the original Eve gutting (and the slightly less impactful new Eve nerfs). Her original Olafing was more a DFG issue, though iirc.
Depending on my mood, I like to play in this meta. Some days, I just feel like being Maokai. Sometimes I feel like sitting on an ADC's face (whether mine or theirs) and making sure that my ADC is the only one doing damage. Then, sometimes, I feel like I want to play Fiora and then I realize "Oh wait, I can't do that! I won't be able to kill Maokai/Gragas/Nautilus at 20 minutes!" It's also really dull to watch, even when a top laner plays a "carry" (Rumble or Ryze basically). Laneswap meta is boring to me... it makes nothing interesting happen for 10 minutes in side lanes. Then, when you get standard lanes, it's a farm lane unless a Ryze is involved, in which case you can count on a TON of action in that lane. You'll get junglers there all the time, maybe a support here or there. And then, 10 minutes in, whether up 5 kills or down 5 kills, Ryze will hold the enemy top laner in place forever. Jungle farms forever, maybe tries a few halfhearted ganks. Mid lane is some combination of Azir/Cass/LB 95% of the time (only when two are banned will you see the super exciting AP Kog'maw... the more disgusting iteration of Ziggs), where the first two simply farm and try to be irritating or LB goes LOLOLOL I ONE SHOT YOU NOW and makes her opponent stay out of vision of her. ADC is literally Sivir, Urgot or Kalista. Kalista is the most interesting thing in the pro meta right now. Sivir is the ADC Ziggs. Urgot isn't an ADC. Support meta is at least somewhat diverse... some mages like Morg and Annie, some peelers like Janna, some engages like Thresh and Naut and then occasionally Bard, who people insist is actually a useful champion.
Kass, Zed, Ahri and TF are all not being played frequently (ie the only people playing them only play like 2 of the meta mids) because they either take way too long to be useful (Kassadin, somewhat TF), don't have the damage to kill people (Ahri, TF, somewhat Kass) or are able to be hardcountered out of the game by 25 minutes (Zed). Kass just doesn't have the damage he needs to deal with LB, Azir or Cass and he can't slow an AP Kog's farming. Ahri is just in a bad place in this meta. She has control mage damage with an assassin's kit. Cooldowns are way too long and mana costs way too high for her to get repetitive damage off. TF needs to snowball and, since the rest of the map would rather farm for 15 mins, he can't do that too well. And as for Zed, QSS. Zhonyas. GG. Urgot doesn't see much mid play anymore for some reason. I guess he doesn't get to bully Cassiopeia and Azir as much as mid laners would like. AP Kog and Varus are niche picks and Viktor still leaves me unimpressed for the most part. That's a good example of *why* Cass, Azir and LB are so strong. Viktor performs fine, but why pick Viktor when you can have Cassiopeia with an easier stun, more consistent damage, stronger scaling and inbuilt sustain only at the cost of a little range on the poke or an Azir, with longer range poke than Viktor, an escape, a great disengage tool ult and some of the safest farming AND poking in the game.
"Do I take the tank that can knock everyone away, the tank that can stun everyone, the tank that secures Baron/Dragon easily or the tank that can see everyone around her?" Your choice isn't too diverse. There are 3 super common junglers plus one that's starting to come back (unsuccessfully in many cases) and two that are comfort picks for various junglers. There are about 4 top laners: Ryze, Rumble, Maokai, Gnar. There are 3 common mids and a couple niche picks (Cass, Azir, LB then Kog, Varus, Urgot for a few). ADC is Kalista or Sivir unless one is banned, then default to a comfort pick. Support is the most diverse.
It was the fact that people only played "OP" stuff, like Nidalee, Jayce, Ezreal, etc. and would absolutely demolish you if you tried new stuff. Even if you get to throw out a cleaver every quarter second as Mundo, it just doesn't hold up to the machine gun Nidalee/Jayce lane.
Playing Combo Deathrattle priest. Sneeds is out. Opponent is at 17 health. Have the combo in my hand (Rivendare, Zombie Chow x2, Auchenai, circle). Opponent kills Sneeds. Illidan. 1 minion on board (Illidan). Play Rivendaire. Now 3. Chow #1. 5. Chow #2. 7. Try to play Auchenai. Fail. Play Circle.
No, now it's the 100%-20 with the E-W combo while being unkillable.
Likely would have clipped the Nexus, making it invuln.
For what it's worth, in my pitiful silver 4 ranked games, I snowball with Annie super hard. I start flask, never leave lane until I get a Needlessly Large Rod then work on getting my ADC as many assists as possible (I take the kills because it is still silver and I trust no one). Usually, by 25 mins I have a Ludens and at least Sorc Shoes, possibly another whole Needlessly Large Rod. At that point, I just play assassin Annie. I get Distortion fairly early and play "See ADC kill ADC". If you're not super ahead, though, you should probably consider going a more bruisery build. RoA (though it might be late for that by the time you realize you need it), Abyssal, Zhonya's, Rylai's. Basically in teamfights you are always going to look for an opportunity to Tibbers their backline, which is easier to do depending on the ADC and their tankline. I would never drop Tibbers on tanks unless you absolutely need to peel them off. If you can flash Tibbers onto 3+ people, do it (as long as your team is nearby). Usually, you can one shot someone and hit Zhonya's before they can really react.
If you aren't snowballing out of control, look to bruiser AP items. Annie can act as a pseudo tank fairly well with items like Rylai's, RoA, Abyssal and Zhonyas. Look to start with a Needlessly Large Rod, unless behind. If behind, rush RoA. If you can't pick up a few kills with the NLR, go Zhonya's. If you can, Luden's or Dcap is fine. If your team isn't snowballing after your one item, go for Rylai's or Abyssal. Basically, if you feel like your team has a lead and just needs to blow up fights quickly, go pure damage, triple Rod items. If you feel like your team isn't ahead and needs to win the long, drawn out fights, go bruisery.
I think they're good choices if you haven't gotten a lead. Annie wins fights be virtue of being overleveled a good portion of the time. An underleveled Annie with a Luden's is a lot less effective than an underleveled Annie with RoA and an Armguard.
While I like his stream, he is a terrible example of off-role play when he's stuck not going mid. He builds Full AP Janna support... He explains the little things about Annie very well and he even does a good job explaining things while playing his fallback Veigar, but he's lost playing Top (he plays Nasus and generally goes like 1/4/something), he has like one jungler (plus Annie, which I've never actually seen him do successfully, but it's something), he doesn't play ADC and his non-Annie support pool is the aforementioned AP Janna, featuring Zhonya's and Dcap.
It may be a difference in elo. I play in Silver, where I can reliably get onto a backline with a triple man Tibbers regardless of how the game is going. I've also seen a grand total of ONE Banshee's Veil on an ADC in my last 20 Annie games. If I'm stuck in a rough lane (HI LEBLANC), I build RoA. If I'm in an even or winning matchup, I rush Luden's, but I always feel like it doesn't really matter what I build when my Tibbers + W will almost always simultaneously one shot their ADC, mid laner and support.
Though, to be fair, he'd have to be eating brains for *months* and that was his big concern. He said "What's my greater good?" referring to the fact that Liv can tell herself she eats brains to catch murderers while he would eat brains and not have anything to make him feel better about it. And he would have to live the rest of his life, human or otherwise, knowing that he ate people.
It may work fine, but it's making a team oriented champion that *cannot solo carry through damage* have very little in the way of usual support utility. I'm fine with AP Sonas. I'm fine with AP Namis. Their heals aren't on their ultimates and they have fairly high scalings on their damage and utility ratios. Janna doesn't have good damage scaling. It's also somewhat of a bad habit to show lower elo players.
Well, duh. Most of us know that. I personally don't think she deserved to win even before the drug test happened. She was not the best leader.
Jwaow pls.
I really don't know what Element's plan was this game. Bard and Vayne work well together, but Gragas, Bard and Vayne all seem counterintuitive to the Ekko and Fizz.
Least Teemo support can stop an ADC from AAing for a second or two. His Bard is simply part of the enemy wombo combo somehow. I'm seriously waiting for a 5 man on own team Bard ult against Malph/Ori/Yasuo or some shit like that.
Leblanc says "Hi" Zed says "Hi" That is an assassins *job*. Your job is to pick off a priority target then get out and then take an objective. Yes, Ekko can blow up a carry. He can't blow up multiple carries unless they are idiotic and stand on him when he Zhonyas. He just doesn't have the pure damage in his basic kit to do so with an ability to get out. Where is IS too strong is the fact that he can zone like a control mage while being able to do assassin burst. His damage is fine for an assassin.
Alright let's stop with the "omg Ekko op" circlejerk. He is an assassin. He blows up a target fairly easily. His ult is the majority of his damage, yes, but it's also his safety blanket. Saying that it's OP that he can get onto a carry and get out... what would you prefer an assassin do? THAT IS THEIR FREAKING JOB. Leblanc does that right now. Zed used to (and still can if ahead). Akali can even assassinate fairly safely (situationally). Ekko cannot blow up a target easily and safely without his ult. His only "OP" part is his zoning. He should not be able to zone like Cass or Ori while doing the damage of Leblanc. Pick one side.
Leblanc. Throw Q onto carry, W-R. Entire team chunked to half, carry dead. Press W again and you're safe. Zed doesn't do as much AoE, but he sacrifices it for much more dueling safety and outplay potential than LB. Zed poke is also about on-par with Ekko. I said that his stun is OP because it gives him the zoning power of any control mage while being able to do assassin damage. The field needs to be visible at cast. The shield needs to be cut to about a third of what it is. The stun should be 1 sec vs champs.
He gets a one second window where he can't nope out. During that time he should, theoretically, be using his abilities and autoattacking. One second also isn't a ridiculous amount of time... basically just enough to hit him with a quick CC.
I think that's a cinderhulk Ekko. He has so much defense.
A lot of soloqueue junglers have been playing Cinderhulk Ekko.
This is hilariously bad. The bronze dives. The 1v2 0 damage Reksai. The fail Gragas ults.
Holy crap Gragas damage.
It's almost like people don't read the posts they're responding to. I said Ekko's W active (not the execute) needs to be nerfed. The stun duration should be lowered VS champs. It should be visible immediately. The shield scaling should be cut to about a third.
Hecarim is a great pick. I'm kinda unsure of the LB for Fenix, but he's in a winning matchup. If *anyone* can play Ekko jungle, it'd be Dom. Corki... yeah idk.
Up until a few months ago, he streamed in his language. Pretty sure this is normal.
That Sneaky heal-flash tower dive put him so far behind and got Ekko a kill to get sightstone. It may not seem like a lot, but stuff like that does really hurt.
Yes, but then he rapidly lost that CS lead with zero pressure on either side. Azir is supposed to be able to farm safely early, but he played terrified of LB despite a 20 CS lead. He also had no deep vision, despite a sightstone jungler (which is more the fault of Meteos than his own).
Why do you keep letting Quas get Hecarim?
I mean Quas has had nothing but great carry games on Hecarim this split. Why ban Rek'sai over Hecarim? Dom literally plays *every jungler in the game*
I mean, we got the offscreen Quas triple kill while Piglet ran away from XWX.
Answers is great, but I'll always like Good King Moggle Mog. I don't even know why...
Alright, let's take a champion who has a defined strength/weakness pattern and make him have less weakness. He's already a very safe champion to farm with in the mid game (little less safe early) and has a point-and-click suppression (the strongest non-displacement CC). You may think it wouldn't make him hard to deal with, but, due to slow the way slows are coded, a 90% slow wouldn't actually make his MS 1/10 of its actual number because of weird math involving softcaps. He would still be able to move at about the rate of someone withered AND exhausted, which is very slow but he gets to keep his target locked down and taking damage during its duration. His weakness is that he is easily dealt with by a team, but if he can avoid CC in a fight, his target dies without being able to react. It's the reason they nerfed Red smite in regards to Warwick... he could literally 75% an ADC with one ability that made them unable to move for a few seconds. Not every mage needs to be able to move/cast things, especially when it makes no sense for them to do so.
Ahh the ***********s. The universal language of salt.
Because I can still have fun in a lost cause game. I can make them waste their time more than I waste my own. I go into a game expecting it to take a while. If they want a ff20 game, I make damn sure that game goes for 40+ mins. I won't play another game most likely, anyway.
A good Volibear counter is also a functioning right mouse button. He is one of the most notoriously kitable champions in the game. His "gapcloser" times out fairly quickly, his only slow is melee range and his catch is also melee range. That's not to say he can't get onto a target and flip them, but usually it involves people already out of position and without flash.
I've always seen Q max since they made the armor shred increase per level. E max is outdated as I recall.
I'm not alone in thinking Vlad is a toxic champion, right? What is the counterplay to him that isn't "Ignite and shut down before level 9"?
So does Enochian refresh on Bliz 4 or Fire 4 cast? If it does, BLM rotation is just replacing Fire 4 for Fire, isn't it? And Sharpcast's best use will be for Thunder, won't it?
Lower potencies nearly across the board. Insta-cast CD makes heals do less. Mana costs are lower compared to WHM, but WHM gets free procs while AST gets quick procs. The think I'm a little ticked off about is that Diurnal Aspected Benefic doesn't seem incredibly useful. I may be undervaluing the regen potency, but it does half of a normal Benefic.
In your specific example, Salty Dog isn't played because its health is very low for its mana. The general rule is that you want more health than attack (but a decent amount of attack is necessary, which is why things like Mogu'shan Warden are bad), allowing the card to, most likely, trade with 2 cards. For example, say your opponent has a Kirin'tor Mage and some 3/2 out. Your yeti can kill either without dying, while your Tallstrider (5/4 for 4) dies to the 4/3. Specifically talking about BGH... it's so bad to get a card of yours killed by BGH. BGH has an effect that is only given by a FIVE MANA class card or a one mana + 2 cards class card. It also develops a 4/2, which is a low quality minion that can trade up with some 4 drops. The card can represent a swing in tempo (basically, the effectiveness of your mana use) of whatever the cost of your card is plus its own 3 mana body. Having BGH hit Salty Dog is one of those "Well that's not too bad" outcomes, because it's *only* an 8 mana swing. When you get to higher cost cards (like, god forbid, Deathwing), your opponent can literally negate your entire turn while only playing down 3 mana on their own.
And the best part is that the priest was probably thinking "Well, fuck... I'm stuck with this in my starting hand for 10 turns"
Can we just put Roccat out of their misery? This team is nothing like the team that got into the LCS. They don't pull out the interesting picks. They don't do anything aggressive, despite having one of the most aggressive junglers in EU. Vander can't make any plays anymore. I'm firmly in the "Nukeduck is not that bad" camp, but he's neither interesting to watch or helping to carry his team. At least Overpow was *interesting*.
I think you'll get more people against you about the excitement... I don't think anyone but the hardcore USA! USA! (read: idiots) fans think that NA is better than EU skill-wise, but a lot of people find the constant throw-fests entertaining.
How can you *hate* Mundo? *thunk* *thunk* *thunk* *groan* *thunk*
Not personally my thing. I try to watch Oddone's stream, but *holy fuck* is it painful. I swear he has the attitude of a typical soloqueue player but like 10x the skill. The only salt stream I will watch is Reynad in HS, but even that's mostly because of the bizarre shit that happens on HS streams occasionally.
2 months of out of game time for me = 9 days of logged in time.
Even if that were the case (don't think it is because Lux laser is an instant pulse while Ashe ult is a slow moving projectile), would Ashe flash to try to throw out the trick shot ult while being far too far away to follow up herself? Without it even guaranteeing a hit?
My two main champs lately have been Annie and Ekko. I can almost guarantee I could call at least two champs people would pick for me.
Xpecial is up there as well. He was always solid with TSM, but only reason I wouldn't automatically put him as at least top 2 is the fact that I don't know how much of their success is him and how much is Piglet.
It's not possible to appease both parties, unless you do EU before noon EST on Sat/Sun and NA afternoon EST. If you do a Thurs/Fri and Sat/Sun thing, you're always going to either catch EU people too late or NA people too early on Thurs/Fri. They *could* try something like Thurs/Sat and Fri/Sun for EU/NA. That would allow NA people to at least catch *one* day of the EU LCS, but that hurts the people who are going to the LCS matches (ie the paying customers) in the end and doesn't really solve the whole problem.
Some spells have longer wind-up times than others. I've yet to see actual evidence of Sej ult-flash being a thing and I don't trust Dom as a source of info... not because he's bad (I actually think he's a top jungler in the west), but because he is a troll. You're telling me that you think you can throw an Ezreal Q, flash and the Q will follow your flash? No, skillshots do not work like that for them. Ashe's ult is a very low wind-up, like Ezreal Q or Nid spears.
I don't think that it's *possible* to flash during the windup of those abilities is my point. I think you are either locked in place or the amount of serverside latency is too much to flash during the windup of the ability.
They played fairly well actually... then were like "We're winning so let's fuck around and fountain dive and shit"
Well, he's playing a Dark K"night" and the night is dark.
Hecarim is a disgusting champion. Why is he not being nerfed?
C9 just doesn't have damage. Bruiser Fizz isn't a teamfighter. Tank Ekko does no damage. Sivir is lower end damage for ADCs. Basically, their damage is 50% Azir, 35% Sivir, 10% Fizz and 5% Ekko... and Ashe+Kog'maw probably do more damage than the entire team combined.
Uh... I'm not even sure how that happened, but alright.
I was originally a BLM. I didn't really get too far (few halfhearted attempts at T9), but I wanted to try to heal. I got my Conjurer to like 17 and felt like that was not for me, so I started with my SCH. I didn't get to 50, but I wasn't the biggest fan. I started with AST once the expansion hit and I love it. I kinda wish the damage were slightly better (though I just got Gravity), but it's nice to actually heal with thought and not just let Eos sit there healing for you.
Easiest to hardest, based on my own observations as a healer... PLD&gt;WAR&gt;DRK Paladin is the typical "Wall" tank. They keep things on them and generally take fairly low damage. They also do very little damage themselves. Their cooldowns are icing on the cake, in non-raid settings usually, but they are the most durable. Before Dark Knights, Warriors were the DPS tank. Now, they're more of a happy middle ground. They don't do as much damage as a Dark Knight, but they don't take as much damage either. They aren't as durable as a Paladin, but they deal more damage. Warriors excel at AOE threat and self sustain. Warriors **will** take damage, but they have tools to bring themselves back up. You need to understand your cooldowns fairly well to play a Warrior, but can survive using them improperly. Dark Knights... oh Dark Knights. I loathe seeing them in DF right now, even as I get closer to 60. A Dark Knight will have a lot of the strengths of Warriors, but even stronger. Their AOE pulling is exceptional. They basically get a combination Flash (Paladin's aoe aggro... does 0 damage)/Overpower (Warrior's cone aggro... does damage in cone), where it will surround them like Flash but do damage like Overpower. Dark Knights need to manage so many things at once and if you let anything slip up... well you better hope your healer has some superpower heals coming your way. It's not uncommon for me to need to spam Benefic 2 and use Essential Dignity on CD on a Dark Knight for the majority of a run's trash. DRKs need to know precisely what they are doing at all times or they will get shredded about as fast as a Dragoon or Ninja.
Story is the big thing here. WoW has next to zero story to guide you... you just run zone to zone and collect things for people. In this game, your story will have you kill a literal embodiment of a god *within the first 15 hours of playtime*. There's no "hybrid" classes (except Arcanist, but even they can't effectively heal as a DPS or DPS as a heal). Healers are expected to DPS (and given tools to effectively do so) during lower periods of damage in order to kill things faster (which, in some cases, is necessary to kill things at all). All 3 tank classes feel unique enough, but can do everything effectively. Paladin's strength is survival while their weakness is damage. Warrior's strength is aggro while their weakness is survival. Dark Knight's strength is damage while their weakness is survival as well. Warriors are probably the most well-rounded of the tanks, while Paladins are the most simple and forgiving. Overall, "raiding" is much easier to pick up and leave than WoW. You don't have to wait an hour between bosses killing meaningless henchmen. I know very little about PvP in this game. I would suggest that you find a FC. It can be a little tough to find at first, but look for one with many ACTIVE players. I'm not sure what world you're on, but I happened to luck into an invite to a very active FC on Brynhildr within a day.
Oh, definitely. Warcraft is really lore intense, but lately they've made the lore in WoW "Oh this happened in this book (which you can buy on our website for the low, low price of $11.95!) and therefore we aren't going to tell you what happened to make the Warchief go back in time."
I thought they'd be fine. I didn't expect UOL or H2K to play well. I expected a dropoff for SK. I knew EL would fuck up. Figured they'd probably fight for top 3. People who outright said they would be terrible seriously underestimate Korean players that aren't on SKT. Sometimes I swear someone like Dade or Imp could come to either LCS and people would be like "They aren't on SKT so therefore shit." The one saying that Reignover would be bad because he was on a low-mid tier Korean team is just hilariously terrible.
Because people dismiss players with "Well they aren't on top Korean teams, so they MUST be shit." Even if they are only low to mid-tier players in the Korean scene (which I honestly don't think anymore... Reignover and Huni would probably be among the top half in Korea at their roles), just because they are Korean doesn't make them inferior to EU/NA talent. And why was Huni considered "bad" for being a soloqueue player? Isn't the new "bestest mid laner ever" a soloqueue prodigy with no competitive experience? At least Huni had immediate impact.
That's my situation every time I draft Deathwing... except it's turn 9.
Rek'sai is not the strongest soloqueue jungler, but in Competitive, she is literally the strongest because of the control she brings. Her passive is basically Quinn's vision area ability *permanently*, albeit without the ability to see exactly who is there. Unless her CC and damage is gutted to uselessness (to the effect of "can't knock up champions" and "all base damage and ratios cut in half"), she will always have a place. You *cannot* sneak up on a Rek'sai or her nearby teammates while she's moving. In soloqueue, where things are more disjointed, it can be difficult for her teammates to pay attention and usually they won't play around what knowledge they get properly anyway. Her damage is average and her CC is fairly difficult to land without flash.
I remember when the pro advice on playing Vayne was "Don't pick Vayne" not too long ago. Suddenly, Jinx got the nerf bat and then there's no top tier late game champs left.
Okay, how about Cassio, then?
RoA Annie builds work less and less the higher you get. Basically, Annie needs to win the game before important enemies get Banshees, or make them get Banshees so early that your ADC has an insurmountable lead. RoA makes you do less damage early, so you can't get your snowball on as fast. It will make you more relevant once they do get their MR items, however. You'll see that a lot of the higher tier Annie players (Annie Bot in particular), call RoA on Annie "training wheels." Usual build is Morello into situational Needlessly Large Rod item. Triple Rod builds are the norm, followed by (likely) a Void Staff. I personally get a NLR item before Morello just by safely farming for the first 6 or 7 mins.
I personally see no "need" for these rules, except possibly the legal issues with underage gambling. I'm not sure why it should fall on the mods to keep people from throwing money at people, legitimate or otherwise. People should exercise common sense with donating to internet strangers (who may or may not be who they say they are), but if they want to give their money to someone that they have not and likely will not meet, why stop them?
Most realms are fairly populated, with a few bordering on Full (to the point of queues being common). Honestly, I'd recommend finding a server that shows a good connection to you (some servers are located closer than others) and, of course, joining any friends who play already.
I don't have any knowledge of the realms I'm not on (Brynhildr by the way), so I wouldn't be the best source there. On most of them, you'll find similar groups of people though, so unless you know someone on the server, the one with the best connection is the best bet.
Deep down, I know that Vick isn't going to fumble in these clips, but HOLY CHRIST SLIDE.
Am I the only one that thinks Wilson is just an average QB with decent game knowledge? He is not the type of QB that will win you games. He also won't lose them, but generally he'll need a defense behind him. Defensive improvements notwithstanding, we don't have that yet.
It usually comes off condescendingly because of the context people use it in.
Heavensward is the best Whack-a-Mole game I've ever seen. Finish one quest, TWELVE pop up. "Oh, I'm finally done with the Moogles? Time to go do the Aery... Where did all these quests come from?" My only problem with it so far is wondering how I'll be leveling another class. I need breaks after an hour or two of sidequest spam... I can't even imagine how tedious the terrible fate exp spam or leve spam or dungeon spam will get.
I tend to run into more issues with tanks getting demolished (bad Dark Knights are relentless) than group heals, so I value the 5% healing potency and shields over the regen. I went through a dungeon where my DRK used his zombie CD 3 times, "died" and I barely got him back up in time. I may have been able to do so in Diurn, but it would do much less in keeping him alive while he's getting half hit.
I'm not the OP of the post. I'm breezing through everything by staying in Noct. I can easily keep everyone up. The closest I came to a wipe due to group damage was the end of the last boss of the Vault, where I was scraping the bottom of my MP pool for the last 5%.
Where did Altec go? Also, NA Teleport.
Piglet just keeps getting Daggers. Who needs lifesteal?
I don't get it... TL picked a team comp that would win teamfights, but cannot start them against a team that is nearly impossible to engage on in the first place.
I get that Xmithie is playing Eve, but he's not supposed to be invisible to his own team.
I respect Washington for somehow managing to find new and more entertaining ways to fail.
The Trundle seemed to be actively trolling from like the 3rd death on...
The defense was improperly built for a 3-4. Our LBs are strong, but not in coverage. Not a single one of them is a plus in coverage and they all rely on getting pressure. A 4-3 is better for us with our strong D-Line. Less LB pressure with that setup and Barwin gets better pressure for bat downs that way. As for the offense, this is a *pathetic* QB class. Outside the top 5, there is no one that seems to be ready to play in the NFL (and even in the top 5, they're questionable). This is not the draft to pick up your franchise QB in. Keep Bradford (possibly franchising him), draft a Guard or Tackle first round and get a good amount of secondary help. If you draft a 1st round QB, not only would it be a reach, but we'd almost certainly have Sanchez starting for us.
I'm pretty sure they've hired/fired at least 2 of those in the last 4 seasons.
Still think we win that one, at least.
We'd have to suffer through 3 games of Cousins doing dumb shit like kneeling in FG range to end the half to get there and watch them be systematically destroyed by whatever AFC team they play.
It's slow, Rylai's is core and it delays tankiness, which Singed needs. RoA is a cheaper item that provides similar benefits to Archangel's/Seraph's and building 3 pseudo-offensive items (RoA/Seraph's/Rylai's) is not doable.
I do not want to draft a QB before the 4th or 5th round. There is no real high end talent this year and there are much larger holes that need to be filled elsewhere.
No more Pats assistants.
Duce might be a decent OC, but I'd like to see Dawkins have a smaller role coaching first. Not saying he can't be a great coach, but how many former players jump from basically HS football coaching to full on defensive coordinating immediately?
I think everyone realized quickly that McDermott was not the problem and we unfairly blamed him for the way Reid got the last few years. Overly complacent.
We don't hate him... we just are frustrated that such a talented player (who shows it damn near every game) can screw up the simplest shit every week. He can make really nice, tough catches, then drop wide open easy TDs.
Based on my experiences: 1. Never. You can sometimes get away with both, but usually Rageblade&gt;IBG is the way to go 2. Fine item against Jax and when their ADC is going to be a threat. Strong 2nd item. Don't overcap CDR though. 3. TP usually better, ignite in lane that you have some early kill pressure in (any lane that isn't a super tank or someone that can destroy you early like Renekton) 4. I think Irelia is massively underrated. I feel like she's harder to deal with than Jax, but Jax still gets a ban every other game.
Trist isn't a reasonable comparison point. She has a far too safe early game for the mid-late strength she brings. When she sees consistent play (which she doesn't right now), I consider banning her because she is oppressive to play against unless you literally babysit her lane OR pick Quinn. Who legitimately needs to get a major hit of the nerfbat. Anyway, why is Tristana so broken? Massively long gapclose/escape. Medium attack range, scaling to highest base in game. AS Steroid. Free pushing the wave with E. Silly burst with E. Silly tower damage with E. Snowball reset on her massive range jump that is also triggered by detonating max stacks of E. GTFO me button that has a ridiculous base damage for a point and click ult. Unless you pick someone who can literally get her 2 levels down and 50+ CS down, you lose.
The stun still does move in bizarre ways after first hit and it tends to have a really large hitbox. Sometimes it looks like Amumu Q when it does that weird latch thing.
Warlock can do 12 with 3 cards and 5 mana or 24 with 4 cards and 10 mana. FoN isn't inherently broken, but Roar is. Everyone complains about the combo, but the combo isn't any more absurd than really any class's burst combos. Grom/Taskmaster or IR. Arcane Golem + POx2 + Faceless. Fireball+Fireball+Frostbolt. (not played but...) Auchenai+Chow x2 + Circle. Every burst spell from Shaman (Lightning Bolt x2, Lava burst, Crackle is 14-17 damage for 7 mana with potential for +4 from a spellpower)
I actually can't think of a class that would be scarier than Rogue with Doomhammer. I saw the title and I was like "Well guess that's better than the usual screenshot of people getting Gorehowl while giving Cursed Blade" until I saw the rogue.
Discard Warlock could potentially work, but I feel like Succubus wouldn't actually be of use. It just doesn't *do* anything. 4/3 for 2 with a discard is utterly awful regardless of synergy because it just dies to any real removal (Any of the 2 for 3 removal cards, 2 drop + ping or straight up 2 drop). Discard warlock might run Dark Bargain, if the deck tends to skew midrange.
I'd like a super impactful Demon Legendary with a cost of about 15. Maybe like a 15 mana 10/10 "If this card is discarded, instead play it." I toyed with it not being able to be removed by BGH or spells like Death, but that's probably far too strong for how early it can come out. I'm also wondering if a Felguard effect might be necessary too.
But Auchenai double Chow Circle! Wait, that's their removal combo too. Damnit.
Frost Queens is a good item, but I wouldn't build it anymore. It is getting nerfed and Morellos is going to be a better item. That said, you really can get away with no mana item until late game. Basically, rushed item should always be a Needlessly Large Rod item. I prefer Luden's. Zhonyas is something I only rush against Zed. Any other AD Assassin you can deal with without substantial armor early. I would get CDR boots here. Distortion is what you should buy eventually, but work it in when you can. I would USUALLY go Void of Dcap because people are finally getting smarter and rushing MR items against an Annie. Some tips: Don't be afraid to use your stun to farm if you need to. It's not ideal and you should play safe without your stun, but it comes back quick enough. RoA is a good item on Annie, but I would only build it in a lane that is not going to be fun for you. Leblanc is the big one. I would consider RoA&gt;Abyssal a very reasonable starting build path in that lane. For stun stacks, it depends on your ideal target. Do they have Banshees? Go in with 3 stacks and start with Q or W before Tibbers. Same for Sivir. If they're Sivir with Banshees, try to bait one without committing. If they're Sivir with Banshees and Morgana, just cry in a corner or something. Charge your stun up walking from base if you plan on going in quickly. It'll suck to have stun charged and walk back to an empty lane. Ability order is Q-W-Q-W-Q-R-E for levels 1-7. E is good for stacking passive, but is unnecessary early.
I thought the ideal Shaco start was buff&gt;jungler kill&gt;enemy buff&gt;jungler kill&gt;enemy buff
K Steve might be an okay Fiora.
That Braum stun saved them so much.
I just played with a Gragas jungle for the first time in weeks and I can see why now, honestly. First, he was never a soloqueue champion. His abilities are all very coordination based. Second, he doesn't do damage. At all. Q does about a caster minion auto. Ult does about as much as a blue Ez Q. The guy playing him did fine (excluding one time he broke up a 4 man stun I had, but w/e), but the champion provided no threat in fights. Why bother killing him when he doesn't do anything?
Keep him on the roster because he wasn't the worst thing ever? I don't expect *any* FA CB to be Woodson or Revis 5 years ago. Yes, he's not playing to his contract, but he played mediocre to okay, which is an improvement over the dumpster fires we've had in the secondary before.
TIL that you can lean your helmet into a hit as the receiver and get the call.
My favorite bot lane ever was Jinx/Karma. The sheer amount of level 1-2 poke in that lane is absurd.
Thing is, Maclin got a fair offer from us. He just got a stupidly overpaid offer elsewhere. For someone coming off the new version of rookie deals, money talks. Bradford has the luxury of actually choosing where he wants to play with a little less focus on money. I don't think anyone is going to massively overpay him the way Maclin was. He also has no hometown ties to anyone who would sign him.
I think Boldin is the guy to go for. If Welker had brain function left, I wouldn't mind seeing him, but he's basically at Lindros levels of concussion now. Percy Harvin... I'm so, so torn on him. On one hand, he's shown he can be a real threat. On the other, he's shown that he can vanish at times and he's been a team cancer sometimes. I'd love to make him a project like we did with Vick, but I don't feel like it would work out well.
AP Xin, which wasn't a serious thing, could solo Baron and backdoor inhib towers with Lich Bane/Nashors. Literally those two items. Deathcap did help, but wasn't entirely necessary mid game.
Give him the last year... he wasn't in a traditional offense and also had a shit O-line in front of him (that slightly improved later, after Chip had given up on him and/or he had given up on Chip)
It's mainly on Soaz right now tbh. He played well this game, but he's so hit or miss. At his best, he looks like the best Western top laner. At his worst, he goes 0/9 on a carry type champ.
Because PoE is going to be their mid laner when Peke does eventually decide he's not going to play at all anymore and step back. Might as well build the synergy up in Spring split, which has much less meaning than Summer.
New mid laner for the team and it's the split that means less in the grand scheme. If they look this shaky towards spring playoffs, then yeah they're in trouble.
Because he resigned some of our top players and somehow didn't put us up against the cap? Like I don't get why it's bad to preemptively lock people up and make the contracts in a way that the cap hit isn't crippling, regardless of the actual numbers.
Elements had the right team comp to beat it. It's like teamfighting vs Orianna... it's possible, but it's tough. If Elements were better (and weren't utter morons at level 1/2), they can split push OG to death with Fiora shoving in Poppy and Rek'sai occupying Lulu. Corki/Viktor/Zilean has so much poke vs Lucian/Lee/Alistar
In practice, a decent Annie will wreck Akali. Sure, she can jump on Annie, but Annie will possibly be able to get a pre-6 kill (something she is not good at without jungler help) and until Akali builds an Abyssal, Annie will one shot her.
I've always said I play Shitty Diana jungle because that is what Akali is. Diana is better than Akali in nearly every possible way.
Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Of the champs on that list, I would say TF isn't a lane counter. Reason he beats her is because his ult reveals her and champ.gg only covers plat+. Below plat, TF players won't think to do that as much. Brand is Brand Lux punishes people who jump on her straight on and also punishes short range. Leblanc should be no less than 6/0 before level 6 against Akali.
Yeah Fenix carried them for most of last split, but he's looking like a liability now. Fenix isn't an early game snowballer. I remember a game last year where he played Zed and, while he played EXTREMELY well in teamfights, his purpose was to bait spells and items, not kill. He baited exhausts, QSSes, Mikaels and Heals by just ulting and immediately taking the shadow back.
WHAT IS LOURLO DOING?
I'd like to point out Mash's awful greed flash for that kill.
He's playing fine this game. He's been pretty weak overall so far though.
Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
God Pirean and Mash are so, so bad... Pirean walked directly into that god damn Lux ult.
Oh my god Pirean
This is the most pathetic game I've ever seen.
THAT FUCKING CLEANSE FROM PIREAN Holy shit he has no awareness whatsoever. They were running away. They had no Lux ult.
He doesn't exert any pressure early in an early game meta, is the problem. He didn't make any real impact in that game until at least 15 minutes. If it were a better team, he isn't enough to bring that back from that deficit they had.
No, but they make up for it by not having the worst mana gating of any champion in the game. Her E costs 130 mana at max rank. Her full combo with two maxed abilities costs 300 mana. Lux gets to blow shit up because she gets a shit ton less spells to use than any other champs.
And? When did I say my team is playing well? This game was comically bad.
I don't think anything is wrong with the card. I think it's perfectly fine, but my suggestion is better than some of the suggestions people think would "balance" it.
I would argue reddit is at least representative of 30% of the player's opinions. Just because they aren't on reddit doesn't mean they disagree with what is said here. Saying only 1% of the playerbase is on reddit doesn't mean anything because it implies that everyone not on reddit doesn't have the same opinion.
A rough guess? Its silly to think that just because people aren't on reddit they can't share our opinions. I always see people throw out the 1% bullshit but acting like our ideas can be ignored because the community here is small ignores the fact that a good number not on here can and probably do share our opinions
I'm not overestimating our impact. I'm just saying it's dumb to discredit our opinions because small sample size. A small sample can in fact be representative of a population.
Annie and Sona are the only two I could ever justify it on now. While Zhonyas and Abyssal are great on bruiser-mage Annie, one shot wombo combo Annie needs pure AP and Void Staff. Flat pen is alright for her, but she needs to get the CDR for Tibbers somehow with that build. Also, Flash Tibbers. Sona, the same way but she's even more CDR dependent having only 2 true damaging abilities. It's a stretch to say mid Sona is really a thing, but it's a fun gimmick I like to pull out once in a while. Her build would typically be Morello/Lich/Ionian's for the 40% CDR. She's going to be literal paper Abyssal/Zhonyas or not if she builds more than one damage item. Also, again, Flash Crescendo. For both of them, Sorc is still pretty even all considered. For any other mage, Ionians are useless which is impressive considering they were literally the best mage boots not 4 patches ago.
The ability to engage like that is disgusting... jesus.
I think he actually IS allergic to tank items.
But that one time he got a 5 man Alistar combo to save Dig from relegations like a year and a half ago!
I don't get why giving Quas Swain isn't an option there... Wasn't he like, THE Swain player that one patch where Swain became meta top lane? Isn't Swain how he got challenger in NA from South America?
Him and Lourlo aren't doing great, but better than Fenix (the most passive Leblanc player in the world) and Matt (Alistar ult is like Trynd ult, right?).
But Alistar ult is obviously Trynd ult.
Except there's not enough mpen in the world to deal with Banshees/Visage/Maw/Mercurial/Merc Treads which gives enough AD and flat pen to auto the Karthi to death.
Can we talk about how not okay it is that a tick of Viktor ult literally half hit Ashe?
If IMT get locked in their base for 40 minutes, NRG might win with this comp. Top and Bot should both get slaughtered straight up and I just don't see Rek'sai able to help much.
Is Vlad+Swain on the same team viable? I just don't feel like there'd be enough lockdown there and you'd wind up with people just kiting back.
Where even WAS Quas in that last fight? How does a Maokai get deleted offscreen without the ADC hitting him?
We were but we all decayed because autofill.
It's not though. Vlad struggles early and Swain is a sitting duck pre-6 (and without flash in top lane). They have no real easy lockdown and until both get Rylai's, they can get kited to hell if they fight on even ground. When they're behind, they just can't drain tank because they get exploded.
That said, if you're playing something like Freeze mage and you lose both iceblocks, you lose. Or old Miracle Rogue losing Leeroy. Some decks can't risk overdraw because they might lose their one card that they need.
One. Just got it a few days ago. Fandral. I run him in a token style druid deck.
I don't think people had a problem with the "it was all a dream" thing, so much as the "WE WON THE LOTTERY AND SOMEHOW DEAL WITH CRIMINALS ON A TRAIN OR SOME SHIT!" After the stupidity that was the final season(give or take), I was actually okay with that ending because the money made the characters... less relatable I guess?
I really dislike Zilean mid. I just haven't seen it do anything.
Fenix had one of those "Xpeke what are you doing?" moments there, but one shot Apollo anyway.
I think a big problem is that playmaking supports are kinda out. We're seeing a lot more Soraka, Karma, Zyra, etc. which aren't really Aphro's style. He's an AMAZING Alistar-type support player, but just good at the mages.
Mana hog. Loses to AD. Countered by a meta support (braum). Low mobility. Telegraphed ability. Full out teamfighting is out honestly.
Weak mobility, low cc, really shines as a split pusher but can't tp as jungle. Picked support as disengage and tank counter.
Glad we think 10-6 is possible. I have to laugh at the people saying we'll be one of the worst in the league. Bradford is an adequate qb, we've got an o line again, our TEs are great and our safety and d line groups are among the best in the nfl, new coach or not. Our RB depth, WR inconsistency and CBs will hold us back from being truly competitive, but we'll finish +/- 1 Game of .500 on defensive talent alone.
You also have to account for Riot's luck streak for crits. If you don't crit with crit chance, the chance is slightly higher on your next attempt. The opposite is also true, where a crit lowers your relative chance for another.
Depends on what you're looking for. Do you want teamfight tank? Pick ~~Poppy~~ Malphite or Maokai. Bursty diver? Pick ~~Poppy~~ Fiora or Camille. Split push? ~~Poppy~~ Jax. Sustain mages tend to be underrated in top lane. Swain is secret OP again and Vlad's not bad once you understand his limits. TL: DR: Pick Poppy. Learn Poppy. Love Poppy. Poppy is everything.
Inhibs are always worth if there are other objectives you can get while it's down. If you take an inhib and lose Baron, Dragon or inhib towers, you fucked up. They will have to have someone constantly defending that lane if you force them elsewhere. The supers can and will take nexus towers alone. Basically, if you have an inhib down, strangle them out elsewhere. Sure, you lose a lane of experience, but you should have taken both buffs, Dragon and any outer/inner towers remaining because of that inhib
