Hey I know a lot of the guys with XXX are really fast do they have a "older/fatter/slower" group...still like to ride but the truly competitive days are over?
Yep I worked for a lawyer and it took him 90 days. In the winter it takes longer.
Strength training at this age is priority number one, reason being is that she's been losing muscle mass for over 20 years. It can be reversed but not time to dilly dally. In addition her bone density is probably for shit, very common with woman and older people in general and strength training will help increase her bone density. This is really important as a broken bone can be the difference between living at home or living in a nursing home. Obviously cardio is great but she can get this by taking a walk every night after dinner, the gym isn't necessary. Honestly a good linear progression weight program with squats (think about the trouble older people have getting out of chairs/couches) and deadlifts scaled to her current abilities would probably be best for her.
I know lots of masters athletes that do plyos but they also can squat a lot of weight. The Russians used plyos to eek out an extra percentage or two out of there high-end athletes. This after they eek out everything they could from weight training. What drives me crazy is weak athletes doing plyos they are just setting themselves up for injury, they should be squatting. Plyos shouldn't really be done until you can at the very least squat your own weight. I think a lot of people think they should be doing plyos because they see it on TV and because Crossfit.
that's the point, companies skirt around their beloved excuse of supply and demand by rigging the system (via paying off the government) and bringing their supply from another country(s)
when I was 20 I used to work out at the same gym as this [monster](http://tnation.t-nation.com/free_online_forum/sports_body_training_performance_bodybuilding_strength/ed_coan_still_the_king) . Granted I weighed 145lbs but yea I'm squatting 225 and he's pressing 315.
My buddy died a few weeks ago at 47. He had a wife and two little girls. He also had his first heart attack at 33. We both work/worked in a high stress environment where I don't move very much. I don't want to join my friend.
GO TO CLASS! schedule your classes in the afternoon if you can, while 8:00am seems fine in Highschool it's painful in college.
Don't believe the hype. We have lots of talented tech people in the US. What we don't have is cheap, talented tech workers. But yes there is work but don't kid yourself as soon as they can figure a way to offshore development those jobs are gone.
I work for one of the largest IT companies in the world (for quite a while). In my opinion I think we are seeing another "internet bubble" but this time more software focused. The same crazy shit that was happen in the 90's with everything IT is going on with software development. No product, just an idea, your company is wroth $20MM. We'll see if I'm right.
Wasn't there some parent out in the burbs somewhere that bought a house across the street from his kids school so his kid would have a place to park his car?
Give me a break. You can't get 60% of the population to vote, do you really think they will revolt.
You have a lot of balls in the air. First regarding the gym. Check out the linear progression program (there are several) it starts easy but you progress every time you you lift (for a beginner this can last for months). Spend a little money and get a trainer to show you how to properly execute the lifts, I know they look simple but there is some technique involved. The nice thing about lifting is the increased muscle mass will burn more calories so even if your diet is messed up you will go in the right direction. Cardio, try to walk and hour a day even if it's broken into 15 minutes segments it's a plus. You know to skip/cut back on beer, but hey you are in Germany -drink in moderation. Finish your damn dissertation! Exercise has been shown to improve motivation and concentration -use the boost you'll get to get you over the finish line with the PHD. As far as the job, I understand completely I have the same type of job. Of my 10 co-workers 5 have had heart attacks in the last 3 years and two have died. My motivation is I don't want to join them, let that sink in because you sound like you are on the same path. Good luck, don't start off too hard DOMS sucks and remember it will feel easier in a few weeks I promise.
If you are in support remember you are really in customer service, just like a waiter in a restaurant. Be nice, be respectful and do your best. Don't be a dick. Grow a thick skin you will be called an asshole by everyone. One last thing there are many ways to do something and your way is one of them. Don't ever say, "the last guy didn't know what he was doing", that is an amerature move, just say "This is interesting". You reputation will go a long way so protect it. One last thing, long ago I was told my biggest problem is I make things look too easy. Don't do this, if they expect something to take a week and you can do it in an hour, take a 4 days to let them know you are do. If it look easy even if it isn't people won't value it.
I work at a huge IT company so I work with a lot of older 50s/60s engineers and these guys are a breed of their own. I think the biggest thing is that they really like to tinker (break/screw around with) everything. They like to take stuff apart and god help us if the read about something somewhere because they will try it out. Same goes for my uncle PHD in aeronautical engineering, he's in his 80's but he's always tinkering with something, it could be anything from his home network to wrenching on cars to improving manufacturing processes (yeah he still works because he likes it)
Never trust your manager. Don't get me wrong I've been friendly and have friends that were my manager but when it comes to work do not trust them with your livelihood. It's very simple, once you get past the idealism of your 20's you realize you have a family to support (if only you), bills to pay and a house to keep over your head, when push comes to shove who do you choose you/your family or your boss/friend. I can answer that question from the bosses side, he will choose him and his family -you need to do the same.
Well stripping the family of their wealth is stupid but it begs the question what is the intent of the sentence. If it is to rehabilitate him back into society, the the punishment should probably be an anger management class and maybe AA. If the sentence is meant to punish him so he doesn't do something stupid like this again then the fine should be high enough to cause some pain and the public service should be working with/for peasants long enough that he learns either respect for all people or the ability to keep his mouth shut.
I agree about the jail time, the people would end up picking up the tab, he'd be released as soon as he was booked (seems to happen to every rich person in LA) or he'd go to a private country club prison where he'd work on he tan and tennis game. In this case I believe the sentence is meant to be punishment and to this little asshole any amount of community service is probably punishment. My hope is that they give him the "worst/hardest" community service they can find, not picking up garbage on the side of the road with the DUI convicts. Maybe working with the extremely poor and sick, this kid needs a reality check and maybe this sentence will be it.
but..but...but....the free market says that Uber is priced perfectly right now, not too high not too low. If they raise their rates won't they lose money?
People also tend to forget that the 90% tax bracket applied to only a few people in the country probably less than 100. If it were to be put back into place it probably wouldn't kick in until you were making in the 100's of millions. I really wouldn't feel to bad about somebody making that kind of money paying higher taxes.
and if you believe in the free market that's good because you give the opportunity for somebody else to make the money you don't want.
that would be Whiting, Hammond is paradise.
I'm in the tech field (20+ years), I'm hoping to squeeze out another 12-15 years. It's a moving target, you will always be learning something new trying to remain relevant. There is a lot of automation going on and so many IT departments are being collapsed into "the cloud" the job market will get tighter. There seems to be a lot of work in development but a lot of that work is BS companies trying to be the next whatsapp. I suggest dental school.
While I do agree about the wage stagnation I do think there is another problem. Regarding the millennials, I don't think they have value other people's work. What I mean is everything to them is about the lowest price and free is better. They don't buy music they steal it, they do not value the musicians work or the work of all the people involved in it's production and the same goes for all types of media, if it's not free it will be stolen. Same goes for all this "sharing economy" non-sense. No need for hotels or cab drivers or owning cars - just use them as needed. They are screwing themselves and they don't know or don't care.
with the ACA you are no longer bound to your employer. Before if you had a pre-existing condition and you left your company you'd be SOL, that isn't the case now. I'd love single payer, a quicker solution might be to add medicare to the unemployment insurance package and screw Cobra.
I get it, I really do I worked for minimum wage, give or take a dollar will I was 26. But companies like Amazon and Uber are killing the job market and the few pennies you save could help create jobs (your job). These companies are not about spreading the wealth so to speak, it's a known fact Uber doesn't want employees and Amazon, unless you are at the top, doesn't pay there people shit and work the crap out of them. In my mind it's penny wise and pound foolish. In my mind you need to keep your money local and buy from brick and mortars.
There are pluses and minuses to being an owner occupied building. Depending on where you live you may have more discretion on who you rent an apartment to and you have some other legal advantages. As others have said you keep a better eye on the place when you live on premises. There is the issue about people knowing you are the owner, I don't find this a problem as the building is small and I have good renters but with larger properties I just tell people I'm the manager (I tell them the owner lives in Florida). Run the numbers and open a second bank account strictly for the building and the rental units, don't try to deduct your new stove and granite countertop it's not a business expense. Finally remember that owning a rental is a long term play and as long as you are paying the bills you are making money.
Yes it's easy to blame you "damn kids", I think the difference is that it's been normalized now where I still have "buy American" beaten into my head and Walmart really did a number on small town america.
I think you need to be a little sport specific. I'm a middle-distance/long sprinter and my training is very different than how a football player would train, everything I do is in a straight line (I'd probably blow out a knee if I made a hard cut). You on the other hand are probably looking to be quick and agile on the field/court. Try doing 20-40m sprints, walk back and do it again for 20 minutes three times a week. You could also add running patterns. The idea is to go as hard as you can until you start getting sloppy or feel pain. Workouts should total out to ~500m to start and as you get into better shape increase it to maybe 1000m. Remember you are looking for multiple short bursts of speed not to run a 5m mile so don't get caught up in running too damn far (if you ever sprint over 120m ask yourself why). BTW, nothing wrong with warming up with a 1/2-1 mile run and the same goes for a cool down.
I have a similar background, this would be a great workout for a soccer(football) mid-fielder. A mid-fielder has to be quick and agile but they also run their asses off so having endurance is important.
You can do it all it's just harder to get there. In your case, if you are not running a little distance you probably want to add it - nothing special maybe just 3 miles 3-4 times a week. After your run do your sprint drills. Be careful doing hard cuts (I won't talk about getting older) you may not be strong enough yet and you could really screw yourself up if you cut too hard too soon. I don't consider this specifics first as you've already done your time in the weight room and I assume you still have athletic ability since you played in college.
Some parts are good, but I really don't like union busting. Finally don't give me a freaking rebate just pay down the damn debt, when all the bills are aid then we can talk rebate.
Willmett made the list and Robbins didn't....wow this knucklehead doesn't get out much.
another problem is that people buy into the "American Dream" and what I mean by that is a big house in the burbs and two nice cars and a pool table and a cool bar in the basement and a fishing boat and on and on and on. People by furniture by the week! People pay 50K for a truck! People think that a 3500sf house is too small for a family of 4. It's all a game to get you to spend more than all your money and most people fall for it hook, line and sinker. I felt deprived in my 20's because all the other techies I knew were driving cool cars and wearing nice watches (I spent my early 20's really poor so I couldn't be a spender and nobody would give me a CC anyway). Now I look back and laugh at those guys because despite making good money for a long time most of them don't have much to show for it.
I don't understand why the NG/LP stove would be so difficult, same sensor and a solenoid, seems pretty straight forward and more universal (for HW heaters &amp; furnaces)
If I could have picked up my lovely 1878 Beverly Victorian and plopped it down somewhere on the northside I could have sold it for an easy $1MM, instead I was really happy to get $375K....location, location, location. And speaking of Hyde Park, I know someone who picked up one of the mansions on 57th and Woodlawn for about 200K back in the 80's, god knows what it would go for now.
I did that for about a year, I worked the door and bartended depending on the night. It was a good gig as I'd put a few hundred in my pocket every week so I never needed to take money out for spending money. After a while it gets rough on the body, working a full day and then working till 2-3AM and then getting up the next morning to go to work. Second service jobs don't believe in taking vacations so while my day job was cool with me going to Mexico for a week, the bar job bitches and moaned about it. BTW, there is plenty of time to gt a hangover between 2:00am and when you actually leave.
because running unopposed is not democracy.
I thought I was a fighter until I spent a couple of weeks in Thailand. I'm 6'3" 200ish and I was getting my ass handed to me by these little Thai guys who couldn't have weighed more than 130. Now I'm older and I don't want to fight anyone, even if you win it hurts too much.
Not sure where you are located but I'm guessing the US. Chances are it will only be an hour so it will most likely go like this. Warm-up, instruction (how to throw a punch/kick), practice instruction, light sparring, pad work, heavy bag, ab work/cool down. If you are in Thailand start with a 3-4 mile run, then do everything as above but for 2-3 hours.
Andersonville. Rent, 2000 for a 3/1 in a OO two flat. Utils, ~100 for NG and Elec. Food (eating in) ~400 for two. Closest El: Bryn Mawr 10min. This is a great area and I think it's improving in many ways. It's not a young vibe here like other areas of the city, this is more of the 30 and older crowd but there are lots of things to do and places to eat. It's also in close proximity to the lake/bike/running path which in my book is a really big deal. To be blunt Clark Street is a little expensive (with a few exceptions) everything's description starts with "upscale" which is nice some times but other times I really want a cheap beer and a good burger. Broadway, on the other hand is where I can find said beer and burger, it's just not as nice as Clark St but it's improving every day and I hardly recognise it from 20 years ago when it was pretty much a waste land. My only complaint is that it is getting popular with the stroller brigade so we are seeing the McMansions popping up and children showing up in bars. I don't so much hate the McMansions as it's just a sign the area is getting pricey.
Hasn't this been settled by the SC? The president is given wide latitude on how he runs the executive branch and any EO must be within the current law (by the executive's interpretation). For example regarding illegal aliens, the executive has a limited budget and has chosen to focus it's power/money on deporting criminal instead of children, it's a policy decision similar to a city choosing to write speeding tickets instead of parking tickets. If however the Congress doesn't like the executives policy decision (EO) they can pass a law changing it.
Say what you will, Rachel Maddow ,while I think her show is pretty boring 80% of the time, sometimes does really good news for example the Flint water issue. I would also mention that she constantly clarifies/makes on air corrections if something she said was wrong, you don't see that very much anymore even on stations where practically every other word is a lie.
of course, it's "fine" as long as the guy on my team is doing it. I do wonder if with the new tone of congress, where every bill is filibustered and gridlock is the norm, we'll see more EOs simply because they will be necessary.
Is there anyone who isn't "pro-life"....other than possibly suicidal people. How about anti-choice vs pro-choice.
Because the legislative branch can't won't pass any laws. Anything and everything Obama does via EO could be outlawed by the legislative branch (Congress). They haven't tried to or can't pass the bills. The only bills that seem to actually make it out of the Senate are bills to repeal the ACA (Obamacare) and the president doesn't seem to want to sign it. The current congress is trying to play "my way or the highway" and it doesn't work that way. It has always been about compromise and the Republicans can't pass ANYTHING without help from the Democrats so they must compromise but they don't want to do that.
and after the compromise they still wouldn't vote for it.
I don't believe Congress has given him wartime powers. I don't believe we are at war, could you please show me where congress declared war. (not trying to be shitty but I don't see how Obama or any president can have wartime powers without a war)
Are you the guy with the Kepi?
All the things you've listed will die over time. If you maintain your home you can make things last longer. In addition a lot of home repair is pretty simple and if you have the time to figure out the problem you can save a lot of money. Finally, some things cost you money by keeping them, old furnaces/boilers, old refrigerators, old hotwater heaters and old AC units are highly inefficient and upgrades pay for themselves in a few years. Most upgrades like windows or refinishing a kitchen/bath add zero value to your home unless you intend on selling quickly, you do them because you want it Lastly, homeownership probably won't save you any money unless you live there for over 10 years (average is 7). Once all the maintenance costs and insurance and closing and moving are figured into the equation it's usually a wash
It's probably close to EOL, even if it isn't consider replacing it as the operational costs are very high and you can recoup your money in a few years.
Not necessarily true. Home buyers tend to lean on their realtor for advice and part of that advice is a good home inspector. Sure they will find things that need to be looked at but they want the realtor to continue to recommend them and the realtor wants to sell the property. The last thing a realtor wants is a deal squashed by a bad home inspection.
It's pronounced "pill hill" and it was call that because a lot of doctors lived in the area. Last I checked it was just a middle class neighborhood on the south side.
don't forget the stolen roads and sidewalks. Might want to import some polluted air from China so you can breath some free market air and enjoy you maggot fill uninspected beef.....it's like arguing with a 6 year old.
The US has really bad taste when they install dictators, it has alway come back to bite us in the ass.
If a cheeseburger gets the nod I will vote for said cheeseburger before I'd vote for any of the three potential Republican candidates.
AirBnB is big business not a kids lemonade stand. This is just the cost of doing business, ask Marriott or Hilton if they have all sorts of hoops to jump through to keep their doors open. The fact that Airbnb is passing those costs on to their subcontractors is AirBnb's not the city of Chicago.
Doc was a stickler back in the day, only the special athletes could stray. Indiana coaches are a whole were very old school, you didn't see long hair or stashes until the mid-90's after they all retired.
I lived downtown, right off of New York street and there were plenty of shootings. BTW, I just check the [statistics] (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_United_States_cities_by_crime_rate_(2014)) and Indy had more crime er capita than Chicago in every single catagory and 50% more violent crime so they can go to hell. And your city is ugly.
It has money because it is a welfare state. Indiana like so many of the high and mighty fiscal states gets lots of money from other [states](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_United_States_cities_by_crime_rate_(2014)). Illinois on the other hand loses money (I'll give you a hint where it goes INDIANA). And let's not forget the moochers who commute in every day from NWI to earn their living, drive on our roads and use our services but contribute nothing to keeping the machine moving forward. Edit:fixed link
Downvote me because you are living off the hard work of other states...sounds like a moocher
have things changed since I got my novice in 1980, I couldn't afford a rig back then so I kinda gave it up.
When you figure out your dates could you please post them here?
my Dad was at the first game at Lambeau field,said he scalped a ticket for $3.
I had friends working there that day, one was in one the internal gardens, he said the building shook. I was there the day the opened up the airways, it was still smoking. It was kinda crazy coming in from the shopping mall, you couldn't get in without 2 IDs (my boss used his Gocart drivers license). That whole parking lot was empty except for the HumVees, the biological sniffers and of course the McDonalds truck. All the security guys were all freaked out and carrying mp5s (fingers on triggers), they were old and jittery - my buddy who was a bit of a gun nut kept trying to get a better look at their weapons and they kept getting more nervous and kept telling him to step away. I was happy we got in without being shot. It's very different now. Edit -MP5 not MP3 ...it was a long day
PAY YOUR FREAKING CHILD SUPPORT!!!!! These are your kids, you are not screwing over your Ex you are screwing over your children.
Pretty soon she'll be firing a whole lot of people (Campaign staff), another thing she learned at HP. In this case however, she will not be right shoring them with campaign staff from India.
Surfers live for small craft warnings. this is not news.
I owned a apartment building that was affordable housing, Cook County doubled my property tax and my insurance was raised 80% in one year. When we went to court we were told to raise the rents to cover the costs. You can't have it both ways.
As a landlord I would. Water damage is pretty serious and can cost thousands of dollars to repair. I would assume that if my tenant called because their toilet was broken and I said I would have someone over to fix it ASAP (I'd probably follow up with an email) that notice had been given. Good luck in court, you will likely lose.
They probably assumed that you calling them and they saying that they would fix it was notice. Plumbing is something you don't dick around with and your LL is pretty stupid letting any plumbing issue go unfixed. That being said your request got put on the the fix list and was handled in order. I personally leave a business card so you know I was in your unit, but that's me. I don't see dates but again I assume your LL felt your discussion was notice (since you called), probably not handled well but that's pretty common with large operations.
I worked for the IPO of 2001 and at one time they owed me over 20K in expense reimbursement. It was the same deal, I was told I needed to be somewhere Monday (I think it was Thursday) and I told them as soon as they paid me my money I'd be glad to go...that shit got straightened out quickly however..... I was sitting on over 1MM in options that I couldn't sell for a year (Started in June). In this time they worked the living shit out of me leaving Mondays @ 5:00am and getting home Fridays @ 11:00pm -my live in GF at the time was ready to throw me out. Any way I couldn't quit with so much money on the line. Come spring time the stock takes a dump and goes from $150+ to under $2, now I don't give a shit but I'd like to have a job. Did I mention I had three layer of management above me with no reports, this explains why they were working the shit out of me, I had to support three expensive employees with my labor. Anyway, I had been on the road for 10+ months and I was getting tired and I didn't have an assignment so I was hoping to be home the up coming week. As per usual I turned off my phone at 5:00pm, that way I didn't have to answer any bullshit calls over the weekend (of get sent somewhere). Monday morning I turn on my phone and one of my bosses left me a cheery message about how I needed to go to Detroit and get a corporate apartment because I'd be living there for the next 3-6 months. I decided fuck it, I'm done. I call the voice mail boss and get no answer, I call his boss -no answer and then I called level 3 boss - no answer. Fuck it, I guess I'm going into the office today anyway. I spend the next hour wiping my computer, so I could return it in the same way I received it. I hopped in the car and drove to the office. The bunny at the front desk asked if she could help me, I told her I doubt it and asked for my two lower level bosses -she squeaked something about them being out. I said fine , explained that I was an employee and asked if she had a pair of scissors. She gives me the scissors and I proceed to cut up my company credit card in front of her. I then reach into my bag and give her my laptop and phone. By now she's a little freaked out and way past her pay grade and runs off to find someone. Another manager comes trucking down the hall yelling stop. I knew the guy (didn't like him) so I waited. He gave me some bullshit line about how important I was to the company and what did he need to do to make me stay -answer nothing. I'm out the door. Later that day all three managers called my on my home phone and asked if they were the reason I left, I told everyone of them yes they were. Here's the weird twist, I quit on Monday and on Friday they laid off 1/3 of the company, I have no idea why they'd want me to stay.
I loved Seville and Granada. I was there in early December and I didn't need a jacket. Both had some cool bars. The food in both cities was great, lots of things to see. Obviously Barcelona is a great town and there are some cool day trips, but I thought Seville and Granada had a cooler vibe. The only place I went to in Portugal was Lisbon and while I enjoyed it I liked Spain better, I want to give it another shot because it seems like a cool country and I didn't see much.
That was always his reputation even as a state legislator, he played everything pretty much right down the middle. In my opinion I think he did the same as a senator as well as a president (much to my disappointment) I worked with Michelle at the law firm where she met Barak, she was pretty cool we both lived in the same neighborhood so we knew each other casually (I'd get a hello on the street and 1-2 minutes of chit chat at the office). I met him a few times and he was nice and really sharp/ quick witted. Years later long after I moved out of Hyde Park, he shows up on my porch asking for my vote and he remembered me (somewhat). I also got a hello by name from Michelle at the last rally before the 2008 election -again considering I hadn't talked to either of them in a decade I was surprised/impressed.
You don't have to love your job, but you do have to pay the rent
I remember coming out of HS swim practice and my hair freezing during the walk from the building to my car. I remember pulling icicles off my head while I was waiting for my car to heat up.
That and it doesn't help that 50 cents on the dollar ends up elsewhere. Federally our tax dollars are given to the welfare states like Indiana and pretty much the entire south. On a state level the money from Chicago and the collar counties goes to pave the roads south of I-80. If Illinois/Chicago (+collar counties) didn't have to pay for other states/counties we're be in a very good fiscal position.
I guess "paying enough in taxes" is a matter of perspective. We don't collect enough taxes to balance the budget so from that perspective we don't pay enough in taxes. I could say that because we have a huge problem with childhood starvation, poverty and veteran issues that we need more money to fund those programs, so we need more taxes. On the other hand, nothing was more painful as a poor person to have ~10% of your check removed for FED/FICA -yes you get some of it back but it doesn't help when you need to pay the rent. If you look at tax burdens over the years the biggest change you will see is that workers are paying more as a percentage and corporations are paying much less -maybe that's where we need to adjust taxes.
The city wants brink and mortar businesses, they rent/buy space in the city and pay property tax. They also hire people to work in the business. They draw people to physically come to said store and hopefully spur people to spend more money at the many other brick and mortar stores in the city. A cloud company, with the exception of their offices, tends not not buy/rent much property the find the cheapest space in the most centralized location and set up shop. The people they hire are limited and usually low wage. There is no upsell, you order something and it is delivered to your door and that's that. Like it or not cloud businesses are not good for the job market/the city and as the small data centers collapse into the few giants there will be less work. I think by imposing a tax on the cloud companies the city is trying to give the cities brick and mortars a fighting chance.
Well I guess it's good business. A 250K house's taxes are somewhere between 3-4K, so the city makes it back in 3 years. There should be a clause that it is a loan for the first 5 year then the loan if forgiven in full, that way it encourages longer term ownership.
going up 5%, first time in two years. 3B/1B -Andersonville
You would think that but what has happened and why some people are pissed is that the landing pattern has changed so people who bought a house not in the flight path are now in the flight path.
Check out La Scarola on Grand and Halsted.
People forget that about our social safety net, but reducing it it hampers entrepreneurship. The fact that Obama care eliminated the pre-existing condition issue allows worker to actually be able to leave one job for another, how is that a bad thing?
we call that Iowa nice.
Donald....is that you?
Please don't forget the Supreme Court, two possibly 3 justices will retire in the next 8 years. Do you want another Alito or Thomas? Ruling of the SC and appointments to the SC are long lasting and will affect your life a lot more than not electing the less shitty candidate. It's really time to grow up and accept the fact that sometimes you may have to get something shitty to get something good or in this case accept something shitty to avoid something really bad. Finally, if you think your vote doesn't matter tell that to Al Gore and the thousands of troops that have died in Iraq, if 500 more people had voted for Al Gore Bush 2 would never have been president and we would have never gone to Iraq.
You may not like her, but compare her policies to that of the other side and decide which you would prefer. If you are a Bernie supporter then the decision is simple.
I was out on a ride when a truck full of rednecks passed me, the SOB slowed down so his kids could throw rocks at me from the truck bed.
Well until cars pay for the roads in their entirety we just have to share.
I hate ti say it but just need to suck it up til you get your next job. Being that you have IT experience, consider looking for a contract gig, there a lots of head hunter who could probably place you pretty quick. The gig could put you on the path to a job at the contract or just hold you over till you find something better. I've been in your position twice and the first time I walked away from the job and the second I stuck it out. As shitty as it was sticking it out was a hell of alot easier than squeezing pennies. Last thing since you are leaving, don't kill yourself just put yourself on auto pilot until you can leave.
Let me add another story in the same vein. A good friend of mine, a good gun toting, government hating, Texan went to work for another wiz bang start-up. He had a wife and two girls under 10. One night he was drinking beer in his garage with his friend and his drunk friend fell on him and broke his foot. No problem he goes to the hospital and gets a cast. Like most guys in IT he was carrying a few extra pounds, well over the course of 6 months after breaking his foot he loses 60 pound -yea him what a good turn out to a bad situation! Fall comes and he has a stomach ache that just won't go away, like a lot of people he doesn't go to the DR unless he really has to, so he goes to the DR, bad new, that stomach ache is stage 4 colon cancer. Call your company and tell them you have to quit because you will never work again. My friend calls work and quits but COBRA's on to his health insurance. Three days later he goes in for surgery and then spends the next 20+ days in a coma. Thank god for COBRA. But here is wear it gets hairy, the startup is running out of money and will probably go out of business. If the start-up goes out of business the COBRA insurance goes away. So here is my friend with a mountain of DR bills and more coming in every day and it's a race to see who will die first his start-up or him. Luckily for his family he died first and didn't put his family in the poor house. This is a guy who did everything right money wise but that really doesn't matter when things go wrong. Single payer would have eliminated all this bullshit and I just don't get why we don't at least have that option.
It was different back then most of the big companies had picked up and moved to the suburbs. I lived in the city and spent 1-2h driving to work because that's where the jobs were. Companies wanted space for their campus, a building was no longer good enough and the boomers a moved away from the city because they had kids and that is what you did when you had kids. Now the companies are dumping the campuses and moving into the city again because the Mills don't have cars and it's easier to get to.
What are you looking for in a gym?
I'm not that familiar with East Side, even though I grew up in the area and my neighbor was from there, I honestly always thought it was just part of Hammond. I'm guessing it's like a lot of tight neighborhoods that are nice and safe but not a whole lot going on. There hasn't been anything exciting in Hegewisch since the record store closed
This is no big deal, we've seen lots of candidates who have lost continue on including Hillary. Hillary has already [signaled](http://www.presstv.ir/Detail/2016/05/23/466942/Hillary-Clinton-Bernie-Sanders) they are ready to play ball with Sanders and I am sure that there are all sorts of negotiations going on behind the scenes right now. Bernie has no reason to drop out now as every delegate he wins increases his power at the convention. Everyone just needs to chill until the primaries are over an the nomination is settled. Once the nomination is settled everyone will fall in line, assuming Hillary wins you will see a huge full court press from the Obamas, the Bidens, the Clintons and the Sanders all stumping for Hillary. Bernie ran as a democrat not as an independent because he didn't want to be a spoiler and I don't think that has changed, I'm sure Bernie knows how important this election is to the movement and will do whatever is necessary to keep Trump out of office. I can't say the same about some of his supporters.
Sure, my brother lived in Whiting for a while so I understand the appeal. I think he paid 85K for a place two blocks from the lake. Unfortunately was some big cancer clusters in the area due to all the industry so as nice as it was it wasn't a place to have a family. I do miss the barter system though, a case of beer went a long way.
I wish I ha been as adventurous as you and did the overseas thing I just stuck around and did low wage, hard work kind of jobs during the day and bar-tending at night. In the end those shitty jobs helped me out, I'm not afraid of busting my ass and I can talk to anyone. My father refused to retire, he was a college administrator and when he retired from that he picked up 8 classes a semester split between 3 schools on top of being an alderman and doing all sorts of volunteer work. He did that till he died, I don't think he would have known what to do with himself if he wasn't working all the time.
It was real easy for Obama to lob bombs at Clinton about Iraq as he was sitting in the Illinois Senate at the time and didn't have to vote. Having had Obama as my rep for many years I'm pretty confident he would voted for the war just like Hillary and most of the other chicken shit Dems. (To clarify I am a Democrat)
And the mentally ill
Hi I do work in the background, the way background (storage). Helpdesk my not be the only entry level job in IT but I believe it is probably the best entry level job. First you deal with a broad range of issue anything from help with a word document to fixing a printer queue. It also teaches you two of the most important work skills for any job, customer service and communication. For the most part all IT is customer service, if you can't keep the end user happy it really doesn't matter what's going on on the back end. Second if you cannot effectively communicate with your customer/coworkers you will not go very far. You say you have trouble communicating on the phone, I get this I really hate hate hate hate hate the phone. That being said I am currently on a 5 hour phone call. It is something you really need to deal with as you will be spending a good deal of your time in meetings and on the phone, a lot of big shops you spend as much time in meetings as you do actually working and a lot of it is on the phone. Lastly a lot of work today is remote so everything is done on the phone. Get good at being on the phone it will help.
is that why over 60,000 workers from Indiana work in Chicagoland? BTW 11K from Illinois work in the region. Nobody takes into consideration that Chicagoland and Illinois as a whole is a cash cow for the majority of the US even though we are only 19th in income we are one of the top five "maker states" so the vast majority of our federal tax dollars go to support other states (I'm looking at you Indiana who get $1.20 for every dollar they put in). If Illinois simply got what they put in in federal tax dollar we could pay our entire state budget and have money left over. So instead of making fun of our problem you should simply say thank you, especially you Indiana - you should say thanks for the good paying union jobs your governor took away but we fight to keep despite what our governor wants.
Dry up, blow away and turn into a bad version of Iowa. I'm all for it.
2 of our 3 governors in jail are Republican....should we add the pervert Speaker of the House to the list (also Republican)
I think it may already be in the works. DWS is on the outs and Warren is loved by the left (think Bernie supporters) and raises a lot of money. I think by making her head of the DNC it will make a lot of the Bernie progressives happy (and Bernie) and leaves her in the Senate where she can do the most good. While I think she's great I think it would be a hell of a waste to make her VP and have her spend the next 8 years standing behind Hillary, nodding and clapping. I think she has already has been told and she's stepping up, it's just a matter of time before DWS steps down and Obama appoints her, the question is will it be before or after the convention.
By that logic, since we ae all going to die we might as well jump off a bridge right now. If I can keep people in my country for ten more years I don't see why we shouldn't. I'd rather my neighbor have a job than I would saving $0.03 on a pair of socks.
Isn't it funny how the Republicans have pretty much said no one every bill Obama has supported but the TPP they support (it's the D's that are opposing the bill)
I think she's slightly more liberal policy wise but more hawkish on the security end.
But Hillary is a horse trader of the highest degree, she got SoS and the full DNC support in 2016, she's ready to play ball and Obama will play along with her -so will the rest of the democratic establishment.
This is the right answer. Ms USA is a beauty pageant while Ms America is a scholarship pageant. I believe that Ms America also has a talent portion where Ms USA does not. I knew a girl in college who was in the Ms America pipeline and as she described it, Ms America is for pretty girls who need to pay for grad school and Ms USA is for girls who look good in a bikini.
he was Mathew Modine's side kick Cooch - the guy with the mohawk.
Wasn't that one of the issues? Didn't Quinn want to keep the state income tax at 5% and Rahuner wanted to let it reset? I agree we need to pay our bills and that means higher taxes. I'd prefer a proportional state tax but I don't think it could get passed. Also as someone who lives in the city I would think something like a city/county tax in lieu of rasing the state tax (so every county would have a 1.5% tax instead of raising the state income tax) the result would be the same amount of money but it would stay local and that is good for the city.
Well can we agree that the "mess" is due to kicking the can down the road? If we had paid our bills in the 90's we wouldn't be in such a mess. I'm not a fan of union busting and that is what he wants. On the other hand we have to do something about the pension issue but due to the Ill SC rulings I'm not sure what can be done.
I've always thought the same thing, this is the first time I seen anyone else mention Hawaii 78.
Always say "I'm poor" even if you are really rich. I go with, If I had all your money I'd give away mine...in other words none of your business.
it's the same bullshit about how you spend your money. I get shit from my co-workers all the time because I like to travel. I get "It must be nice....blah blah blah". The thing is, we make the same amount of money, we just spend it differently. A lot of them have new cars and buy all sorts of toys, I share a used car with my wife and my gym membership ($300/year) is really as crazy as I get. I just don't really need/want anything, cars and toys just don't blow my hair back and what I want costs a shit ton of money so it's just not going to happen. So I spend my money to travel, but even that I do frugally using airline miles and hotel points, I can go to Thailand for a month for what many spend in a few days at Disney World. I don't understand the animosity because you make different choices.
I stand corrected.
That's simply not the case. Productivity has nothing to do with pay. If that buger flipper can do the work of 2 flipper, flipper A doesn't get double his old pay -flipper B just gets fired and flipper A is expected to make up the difference. This has been going on since the [70's](http://www.epi.org/productivity-pay-gap/)
How about the day nobody can afford a cheese burger because there are no jobs? It won't matter if we are a global economy or a local economy, if 99 out of 100 people don't work nobody will be buying anything and that's 80+% of our economy. Good jobs are a good thing Henry Ford figured that out and nothing has changed.
who's going to buy your stuff when everything is automated?
So as a swimmer you know not to swim in the fast lane unless you are fast and if I tap you on the feet, wait till I pass you at the end. This is just common lap swim courtesy, I don't care if you are a granny doing a 4:00m length or Mark Spitz. One of my pools doesn't put in lane lines so it's a free for all and people get hurt (I got my head cut open by someone with hand paddles, it wasn't intentional but it still hurt). Everyone just needs to chill out a little bit, if it's that important join the masters.
This is proper lap swim etiquette to tap a slower swimmer on the foot to let you know they want to pass. The proper response is to finish your length and then wait for them to pass. As long as this is done nobody usually has a problem, swimmers are used to sharing a lane with a lot of people and as long as everyone is on the same page it works fine. The problems happen when the lanes are marked slow to fast and a slow swimmer hops into the last land because they don't want to share, it's like driving 40KPH on the autobahn there is going to an accident. If you are tapped and you don't get out of the way you will get tapped again (I personally tickle their feet-really annoying) and again and again. The last step in the process is they will grab your ankles and pull you-sending you backwards and under them -it's aggressive but you will see it from time to time. If you do pull the ankles you will probably have a fight on your hands or at least some yelling. That being said if you aren't following the rules don't be surprised.
there is a lot of touching in lap swim, just not the way you think. It's better that I touch you on the feet to let you know I'm passing you than having our heads collide or me smacking you in the face./kick you in the head/face/body when I'm passing you. Touching someone on the feet in lap swim is the equivalent of saying excuse me. Grabbing someone by the ankles and pulling is the equivalent of saying get the fuck out of my way.
I've always felt that park need to accommodate the community, there are a lot of community oriented programs at my park that I have no interest in but it works. In this case if they have a large hasidic community where the sexes don't mix, it makes sense to have separate sex hours.
Right now Bernie represents about 40% of the Democratic party and Hillary cannot win without him so he has a ton of power. The problem I see with Bernie is that he doesn't know what he wants, other than the nomination. He has a huge group of engaged supporter and really good fund raising but he needs to accept he's not going to win and if he wants the "movement" to continue he has to do something to facilitate the continuation of the movement. And yes, the DNC and Hillary will need to appease he somewhat becuase it is better than the alternative -which is him working against them.
I could see allowing people over 55 to buy into Medicare and people on unemployment automatically receive Medicade, that would be a big step forward.
I'm hoping we are not seeing another OFA. Obama, like Bernie had a lot of excited people that wanted to do things to make our country better but as soon as Obama got in office there was no pivot and all those people were left wondering what to do. If Bernie really wants a movement he needs to keep these people engaged and start pushing the progressive agenda from the bottom up.
see, now we can hold hands and sing kumbaya (as a 60's liberal I'm sure Bernie knows all the words)
Me too, I live across the street from a school. I can't wait to be 90, crazy, standing on my front lawn shaking my cane (4-pronger with tennis balls) and yelling during pickup and drop off. I'll consider it my twice a day workout.
I would think that a corporation would not be allowed to give to a PAC, McDonalds isn't a live person so they can't donate. McDonalds CEO can donate up to the legal amount, that would work for me. I know it's a difficult needle to thread so that our 1st amendment rights are not stepped on but I don't believe a corporation should have the same rights as a live person.
Lifting the cane could be considered weight training.
sure but at a couple of cents to what you pay for unemployment to the mix and you you get coverage if you got laid off. While COBRA is nice it's expensive especially when you don't have a job. It would be a nice add to the safety net.
I understand that, but it's one of Bernie's talking points and we have seen cases bought to the court with the intent of taking the case to the SC.
I understand this but the question is what does Bernie want and this is one of his big talking points. Justices sympathetic to overturning CU is part of the battle and then someone will need to fight the battles in the courts like they did with DOMA.
It's that the beauty of folk music.
sure but the question was, what does Bernie want...and that's top 5 on his list.
It was be a bad choice, I like Bernie but he is no legal scholar. I think nominating Obama would make the Republicans collective heads explode, but he's too conservative for my liking.
never said that, just popular....kinda like DOMA, wasn't right but at the time it was popular. Although I don't think money equates to speech.
but apparently it does have full freedom of speech and last I checked something without a brain cannot communicate. Corporations get all sorts of protections that live people don't get, because of this they should also lose certain rights that live people have, in my opinion we should be able to curtail their speech under the law.
Isn't that the beauty of folk music.
Really, I remember long ago as a state delegate debating the planks of our platform and there were a lot of things that wouldn't pass and "didn't matter". The point of a platform is to define what we stand for as much as what we will actually do. Shit if we only had stuff that wasn't controversial and we knew we could pass the congress the Democratic platform would have consisted solely of renaming post offices.
Yep we have a lot of snowbirds who winter in Florida and summer here, they claim Florida as their residence because of taxes but they still live here the majority of the year.
At least at HP you could have a career, even during the dark days of Czarly and Hurd they were always hiring engineers and once in nobody left.
Only larger cities have decent train/bus systems, many small to mid-sized towns don't much public transportation available so people drive. I live in a major city with very good public transportation for the US but depending on where you live it can take hours to get somewhere it could take 20 minutes to drive- for example if I want to go to the airport I can take the bus and it will take 60-70 minutes or I can drive and it will take 20-25 minutes. In addition about 50% of our population don't live in cities so they have to drive, they could bike but it's impractical especially in areas where we have bad weather like snow and cold. Finally it's part of our culture, we love our cars.
The day I started they laid off 15K and then I didn't hear from my boss for 2 weeks, I was sure I was fired and they just forgot they hired me.
True, but lets be honest, no NRA member was going to vote for "that gun grabber" Hilary anyway. So the NRA's endorsement isn't worth a whole lot.
the problem I see with a lot of the Bernie or Bust crowd is that they would rather lose completely and win partially. Bernie has driven Hillary to the left, gets to influence the platform and will get some concessions when he backs Hillary. All these things are wins for the progressive movement not to mention the possibility of 1-3 more liberal SC justices if and only if Hillary wins. If Trump wins all of that is down the tubes and all there is to look forward to is 1-3 lunatic SC justices that will outlaw Obama care and make any real progress stop for the next 30 years.
I'm good with keeping the movement going if it's not a cult of personality, Bernie isn't going to be running again. If they organize and start running candidates like the tea party did I think it would be good for the party. I hate to say it but maybe it's because they are younger and they still expect things to happen over night. They forget the fight is long and never over.
Why, it's already been announced on [the hill](http://thehill.com/blogs/pundits-blog/presidential-campaign/281459-why-wasserman-schultz-must-go). She's been in the job for over 5 years, which is a long time so it's not a big deal. By leaving and appointing someone like Warren it would be a good tactical move for the Dems to retain/attract the Bernie crowd.
time will tell.
It is my understanding that while Chicago supplies 20% of all state funds CPS only receives 15% of all state funding. That extra 5% would go a long way in paying some bills. Edit: [Link](http://cps.edu/News/Press_releases/Pages/PR1_11_17_2015.aspx)
[Here](http://priceonomics.com/bookings-at-trump-hotels-plummet/)
Doesn't it just boil down to time to reload? There's a big difference between 8 shots and then a reload vs 100 shots and a reload. Yes, I do know that for an experienced shooter it doesn't make much of a difference but from what we have seen with the mass shootings is that these people are not good shots they just have lots of ammo. As far as the AWB, it was and still is a lot about cosmetics and frankly a .22 in the wrong hands is just as deadly as a AK47.
Whitman was also a Marine sharpshooter, most of these knuckleheads don't have any training and fire indiscriminately. I understand your point in that nothing will stop a truly motivated individual and that is true but we still lock our doors and have alarm systems to slow down less skilled/motivated people from getting into our homes. I also understand that as a law abiding person it shouldn't matter if you own a Glock with a 10 round mag or a 30 round mag. On the other hand if it saves a few lives I don't see how your liberties are trampled on if you have to reload more often.
Exactly and don't forget if you kid gets into a good public school in the city you are ahead and more importantly once your kids are out of school you no longer have to pay the high suburban taxes.
I'd also put some of the blame on us, nobody was jumping up and down 20 years ago demanding that our taxes be increased. We all sat on the sidelines and smiled because we got to kick the can down the road. Well, we have to pay the bill sometime, it should have been 20 years ago but it wasn't.
How does being the "bigger person" benefit us or anyone else? Does it make you feel better that the Republicans get another SC justice with leaning closer to them than the Democratic president who nominated him? Obama tried to play nice, he has been trying to play nice for 8 years and it has been met with a resounding Fuck you! I personally think that Clinton should nominate the farthest left qualified person for the job. Why? Because there are no lefties on the court, there are several far right justices and a few centrist justices but no lefties. Would that be fair?
Which brings up another point people hate. Buying a home is Chicago is too damn expensive. Not a fucking chance. Sure if you want to live in Lincoln Park or Logans Square prepare to pay for the privilege. But there are lots and lots of places that are reasonably priced even on the north side but especially on the south side. You can buy fixers for under 100K that would run you 700K on the north side. The reason people don't is because the area is "scary". The reality is 40 years ago Lincoln Park was scary and 20 years ago Uptown was a really bad place to live. If you have the testicular fortitude move into the "scary" neighborhood, chances are you will find out it's not that scary. Finally even discounting the "scary" areas on the south side there are lots of nice places, not particularly exciting but nice middle class neighborhoods where you can get a home for a reasonable price, some areas are black, some brown and some are even white.
it's really gone downhill since they remodeled. Try Monty's just off Lawrence and California-ish
it was down voted because there are so many Chicagoan's on this board that moved here right after college, will get married here have 1.5 kids and then run home to which every fucking satellite state they are from (Michigan, Iowa, Indiana and Wisconsin) and then tell all their friends on the cul de sac about how they lived in Chicago. Honestly they are long term tourists, they know in their hearts they won't live here long and will move back to their small town/burb as soon as "what about the schools" becomes part of their vocabulary. They should just embrace it and ditch the I live in the city attitude. We won't miss them when they leave because as soon as one leaves another doe eyed kid from Cedar Rapids replaces them.
Make it 100K per violation with multipliers if they are caught more than once. Instead of using ICE, make a deal with local law enforcement to split the fines between ICE and the city. You would see the problem disappear in a matter of months.
Seems a little tame after [this](http://listoftheday.blogspot.com/2008/09/craigslist-ad-of-day-hot-tub.html)
and it works great.
Reconsider living in Lincoln park, it's really expensive, you can live a lot of other places that are less expensive. You can live pretty well if you have a roommate or two. If you can avoid having a car you will save a ton of money and as long as you live along the EL you won't need a car.
That's kind of interesting as white Americans tend to associate themselves with their heritage more than most. Ask anyone with some relative from Ireland, they won't stop talking about the motherland and how they are 100% Irish, same goes for a lot of other heritages, Italian for example. You hardly ever hear someone in the US when asked their nationality respond with American.
it's both.
There is alway a certain percentage of the party that won't vote for their candidate. In 2008 it was about 8% of the D's wouldn't vote for Obama and 10% of the R's wouldn't vote for McCain. This isn't news.
The majority of places in the US aren't like SF and NYC, but even in the expensive places there are reasonably priced places to live. It took about 30 seconds to find a [reasonably priced apartment in NYC](http://www.trulia.com/rental/3220904848-5624-Riverdale-Ave-1-Bronx-NY-10471). Sure it's not downtown but it's in a decent area. The problem with so many people bitching about their rent is they refuse to look outside of their desired areas. The fact of the matter is if you want to live in a hip cool area with all the amenities expect to pay for them. As a renter you have the freedom to live where ever you want, exercise that freedom if you feel you are paying too much for that rent.
You can live very cheaply in Chicago if you don't live in the "cool" neighborhood. You can easily get a 2BR apartment under 1K in a decent area. So, assuming you make $12/h you can afford to live here. Get a roommate it's even easier.
I live in one of the best areas of Chicago. My mortgage is under 2K and it's a house not a condo.
not when the dog tears up your wood floors (10K), chews on the corners and the baseboards (5K) and slobbers all over (1K in paint). And that's just a dog being a dog, if they scratch at the doors when they need to go for a walk expect another $500 to replace the door. It adds up quickly and just because you have a judgement doesn't mean you get paid. Good luck, being a LL isn't easy.
How about having a 3% increase in the employer for wages over 200K. So the employer pays 6.2% till the wage hits $200K then it increases to 10%, but the workers contribution stays at 6.2%.
There are many good areas to live, some expensive others less. I'd suggest living on the north side and as close to the lake as you can afford. A lot of the up and coming areas are farther west and few on the south side. It really depends on where you will work and how you like to play. Logan Square is the super popular area right now, I don't really care for it but if you like the hipster vibe that is the place for you. If you want to spend a little money check out Lincoln PArk/Lake view. If you want to spend a little less, check out Edgewater/Andersonville/Uptown. If you want to spend even less check out Rogers Park....these are all along the lake and but the EL.
Manhattan is usually referred to as downtown.....for people from Manhattan they tend to call downtown the WallStreet area. So says my lovely bride from NYC. Edit: I stand corrected Manhattan is referred to as "the city"
Depending on where you live it's a great deal, if you live in Iowa it's not a good deal at all. As they say location location location.
Most people in NYC have roommates and in a 2BR as many as 4 people would live there. so $500 a month isn't too bad considering minimum wage is $15 an hour.
It's kind of sad with the R's in Iowa. I remember when Chuck Grassley got elected for the Senate. I didn't agree with him but he was for the most part a straight shooter. Now he's a raving loon screaming about death panels. Throw in Joni Ernst and you have two loony toons. I knew the place was going down hill when they were trying to come up with a motto to put on the license plate. It came down to two; a state of minds, because we had a great educational system or The Tall corn state, because we grow corn. You can guess which one won.
For the most part this is a good thing. the last thing some poor plumber needs is to have his pension converted to some shitty annuity and the broker gets a big fat commission check for screwing his client over. On the other hand fiduciaries charge more so if you are doing something simple your FA can't just sell you something. Most people will not have this problem.
So the quick math to value a rental is rent X 180, so it's close to a wash. The issue with this and any rental is maintaining the rental, it's not a passive investment. If you are not up to the task of being a landlord you should sell, it's just not worth the trouble. Lastly, on the money side, you will get to deprecate the property over the next 15-30 years so there is a tax advantage. Don't forget that you will lose 5-6% of the sales price just by selling
AND Chicago has a separate pension fund that only Chicago pays into while the rest of the state has another fund that the entire state pays into including Chicago. So Chicago pays twice.
You would have to talk to your accountant but here a [link](http://homeguides.sfgate.com/calculate-depreciation-rental-properties-7940.html) to give you an idea. It doesn't matter how old the property is, as you are the new owner. Finally the rentX180 was one of the methods the bank used when they appraised some of my buildings.
It took less than a year in my case. The tree was cut down in the fall and replaced a couple of weeks ago. I'd say just wait, it's kind of late to plant now anyway you'll want to wait till fall anyway.
The LL is under no obligation to renew your lease, they don't need a reason.
wow you are lucky and you LL isn't too bright.
Actually it would be the opposite. A lot of people continue to work for health insurance. Be allowing people to buy into medicare it would increase the pool of younger healthier people and make the plan stronger. It's not a free ride.
Here's the thing they may be working now but they won't be working at 70. Seventy seems to be the age where shit catches up with you and you can't keep up as well as you used to, especially guys in the trades the body just can't take much more. People that work in thinking jobs can go a lot longer but life does catch up with them. You might be sharp as a tac but it doesn't matter when you have trouble hearing, seeing and walking.
Yes, I've worked some great old dudes and I've learned a lot from them but you are correct because they have so much seniority it screws life up for the younger guys. I want to stick around till 65 but then I'm getting out of the way. Hopefully I'll spend the last 3-5 years just being a mentor for the young guys.
yep. Illinois farmers are for the most part Republican. The urban areas (Chicago) vote Democratic and the rest of the state leans Republican, it's just that Chicago is so big compared to the rest of the state that it appears Illinois is all blue.
As a LL I have to tell you what you consider "making it nicer" I might consider damage. I know it sucks and people want to make their apartment a home but so many times what a tenant considers an improvement is something I'm going to have to pay to fix. Be careful with what you do if you don't want to lose your deposit/get sued.
I hate guys like that, they give good LLs a bad reputation, I get pissed when my tenants don't tell me something is broken. It's unfortunate that you have such a shitty LL.
LBW is expensive, it's $30 for two drinks -but I hear their burgers are damn good. If the OP is going to come this far north he should do it right and close the Oasis, grab a six pack and then go watch the sun rise at Pratt beach. Cap the evening off with a crummy diner breakfast. If that doesn't impress nothing will.
I got 10% off paying in cash, so in my case I saved $400.
It's more than just the unemployment rate, Florida pay is really low even for skilled tradesmen. A plumber making $45/h up north might make $15-20/h in Florida. The unions are weak if they even exist. Employers in Florida don't seem to have any respect for their employees and treat them pretty poorly. The OP should call or go down to the local union halls and ask them about their apprentice programs. The OP will likely have to put his name on a list and possibly take a test.
Yep the last place I bought was like that. The owner inherited it from his brother and just used it as a piggy bank. I don't think he had made a repair in years and he hadn't washed a window or swept a floor in years. I understand not wanting to spend money but keeping the place clean is free. Unfortunately, the tenants made "improvements" because the LL sure as shit wasn't going to make any. Because of that I had to spend a few thousand dollars undoing what they did wrong (all sorts of bad plumbing that caused a lot of water damage). It took about 5 months to get everything the way it should be, now it's a really nice place that I'm proud about...but it sure didn't start out that way.
This is the answer, building owners are getting a tax break to let the property sit empty while they wait and hope for a national chain to rent their place.
Nothing is going to stop solar now, it's cheaper than any form of energy right now and will only get cheaper. You are already seeing energy companies lining up trying to stop people from putting solar on their roofs so they can retain control of energy through centralization. Once we can get our energy storage density high enough electricity will eliminate the need for all extraction energy. Finally, regarding jobs, I have heard for the last several year "adapt or die" and to a point I agree but a lot of the new "super companies" have only got that way by operating in the grey areas of the legal world and hoping nobody notices until they've made enough money to fight in the courts. Uber and AirBnB are great examples of an unlicensed cab company and an unlicensed hotel company. The have huge valuations but employ hardly anyone and they hurt businesses that are actually playing by the rules. Same goes for Amazon, it's great that I can order whatever I want but lots of B&amp;M companies can't compete due to scale and the fact that people can usually avoid sales tax. We all think getting the cheapest thing is great but we never realize we are all on the great race to the bottom and it's the young people who will be hurt the most.
Chicago chiming in, you can afford to live in the third largest city in the USA. You can easily buy a home for under 300K in a good area with decent schools and you can get to the downtown area in under 30 minutes via public transportation. It's not the hippest area but I'm not saying it is. If you want to live in a trendy area expect to spend at least 500K, but you get what you pay for. And despite all the non-sense you hear about high taxes, it's down right cheap when compared to California or NYC.
I had a 4 bedroom/2 bath with a two car garage that sold in the high 300's, if it was 20 miles north it would have sold for close to a million. Location, location location.
Chicago was #1 for IT startups last year. We make big wages because we are a big city, much larger than SFO. On the other hand we never had the real estate boom California had so you can still afford to buy a house at almost any price point. Sure we have 6 weeks of really shitty weather but you have to pick your battles.
My dad was from cheeseland and it was never, ever cold enough for a ride. 40 Below....nope...as long as it isn't windy you are walking.
