You've got a friend in me (bah dum bah dum bah)
"Where are my testicles, Summer?". That was all I needed.
-heavy breathing-
You glorious bastard
Not sure if emoji analysis translates to swearing but maybe
Or since day 1
I love the idea. Maybe 6-8% less damage each time? (IE, Skarmy could still hard-counter it)
Mostly tap spells (except zapping hordes) and drag troops
IT'S YOUR BOY
Are we allowed to keep Floyd I'll fight other people for him
Think he's worth 2 years 9 mil?
Easily bent, flexible?
LET'S GO!!!
I mean, 28 TDS to 2 INTs is almost as sexy
Easy bent, flexible?
I think I'd rather have Blount get one more to get past 2009 Peterson.
We're on to... uh... either KC, Houston, or Miami?
Was the Floyd block on there and I just didn't see it? Great job as always.
By running into his center's ass?
My list adds Denver but yeah. Some teams are as good as we are, and a loss does not a season make.
Easily bent, flexible?
It's been a long time gone
And James Earl Jones is pretty old
I think it was when she was declared stable
...Captain Deadpool
I think we may need some kind of... wall... to keep that ice royalty out... wait a sec isn't this on the holonets?
So- Night's King- Brady Snow- Luck/Rodgers Dany- Eli That's as far as I've gotten
Back in the original, they had these clearly fake minivans with missiles. As a loyal stormtrooper, I frequently repurposed them for Imperial dominance.
Username checks out.
So... you OK?
Somebody call PETA. Our new WR seems to enjoy dolphin cruelty.
Wow. Isn't that amazing? I mean, shit. I got motion sickness just from looking at it.
Baby: "hey I want my arm." Dog: "no."
Presented by Bill Belichick, is the 2016 Bill Belichick CotY Award, presented to... Bill Belichick
Yeah, if Bill Belichick joined Reddit.
Am now officially convinced you're the crazy dude from that one Poe story
Hello children
The 'depressed birthday existential crisis' phase.
Sexy as hell (yeah right) Babes knocking on the door (they aren't)
The best part is I love you and you have a great time with you guys I hope you're having fun
Dude Portal was the shit
He's the man who's gonna burn your house down! with^the^lemons^
Up
No let's not do that
1
As is tradition
I'm like 90% sure it was because of Destiny (the game), but I remember the first time I made an account I was driving back from Florida and didn't have anything to do (I'm from NE)
Shit. In no particular order Civil War Deadpool Rogue One Dr. Strange Mad Max Matrix Bee Movie Batman v Spermicide I'm sure there were more but those are the ones I remember
A Song of Ice and Fire
Probably, but those were the movies I saw for the first time in 2016
EB, Hog, Zap/Log. 12 elixir
Sparky, Ewiz, Zap, Lightning, Tesla... what am I missing?
Play
r/empiredidnothingwrong
Boobs?
s..e..n... oh.
Physically? 3-4? Personality-wise? Maybe a 7?
Oh god no
I'd love to find this. Is there a way to get this under $30 on Xbox?
You just leave whoever you hit... stunned.
While wondering about good Elite Barb counters, I kept finding myself using the Log and Ice Golem. So, why not combine those cards into one? Quake Wizard essentially fires off a short range log every two seconds, complete with knockback and inability to hit air troops. It also works as a more offensive version of Bowler.
Wider range and higher damage, but they are similar
I've been looking hard enough for several years. I basically grew up playing SWB1, and I've always wanted to play the sequel,
This only worked with gold storages for me. But it definitely works, you all should do it.
The spirit of the rule
Don't be ridiculous. It's only 36 between all of them
Dumbass? Some of it is hard to make out. /S
g10.50 I think
What? All the way back to 1550 now?
Maybe literally!
...what?
...no?
Kneel before the True King, God-Emperor Belichick. Hear his name and tremble!
It's ok
Double elixir, pump, clone, and mirror. I did this with goblins once.
...No. That's not how it works.
Guards, Ice/Golems, Giants?
Do you have some spare attic space I could borrow for 4 years and 2 weeks
That's not how it works
With this many broken promises, maybe he'll break his promise to be president? I mean, this is what he ran on. A 40-foot tall concrete wall through swamps and rivers.
No way. There's no way he could do that! /s
That is simply not true. I bet he cares about his children and maybe his wife. So, 5. 5 of the American people.
North Carolina resident. Here, we just call this Tuesday. EDIT- not the snow, mind you. The bad driving.
Teacher
No that's what he would do if he was
Thought this was r/politics for a sec
...Barbarians, Minions, Hog Riders...
I had a L7 Hog as a L6. I... was in Arena 4 for a while.
...fine, I'll call them. r/Dreadfort, get over here.
You're in on it aren't you
I am the sand guardian guardian of the sand
Idk man looks good to me
Ugh. I was stuck there for MONTHS.
The MGL, Charge Rifle, and Archer are your friends. Use them to fatal Titan score.
My PE teacher is actually a pedo. Or at least, that's what he looks like. It's kind of a running gag.
I'd change the matchmaking so you only play people within 100 trophies (50 on each side), and 1000 exp (stopping most 9v10s, and all 9v11s).
Falcons, Cows, Hawks, Pack. In that order.
Bold Prediction- the Patriots cover the spread late
I'd LOVE to get the Chiefs at Gillette, but I think we're the best team left.
Gronk's out- are we healthy?
Rodgers is probably top 15 but I doubt he's even 10 at this point
Well at least you're honest
Pure bubblegum, maybe.
I may need to summon help from r/Patriots for this, but let's try it. F
The username really makes this
Nice
I got Icebreaker and the cool white ornament within 10 minutes of each other. Second Dawning armor piece, as well.
My 'look' right now is Days of Iron gear with Ophidians, so... looks?
Fucking Telesto. Been chasing it for nearly a year at this point.
This is a good idea, but 'weight' should be considered. I'd blacklist- Golem Royal/Giant/Skeleton PEKKA Bowler
For 13 elixir? I mean, don't most people just drop a MM on it anyway?
Another idea- what does it do to swarm troops? Barbs, Elites, Gobs, etc. Do they all get wings?
E
...what?
QUALITY SHITPOSTING!
Quality shitposting my friend
E
I'm pretty sure the Cop could outlast Arnie, but the real question is if the T-1000 could. You'd think so, right? I suppose I should also shamelessly plug r/whowouldwin as well
Maybe the Assassin's Order from AssCred? They could probably assassinate enough leaders to grind them to a halt.
67,084
Maybe that's why I don't like him
Nah he's the guy from the Dr Pepper commercials Or maybe Corneal Sanders
Zap or Log, actually. Thanks for your opinion!
S
3 Most Used- Hog, Elite Barbs, Mega Minion 3 Least Used- Skeletons, Minions, Knight Direct Damage, Tie- Log and Zap Least Used- Lightning Most used Building- Furnace Least Used- Barbarian Hut Best Addition- Atlantis, Jungle, and Titan arenas Most Overpowered Card of 2017- Elite Barbarians As of January 2017 Zap Elite Barbs Ice Golem Hog Rider Mega Minion Bowler The Log Skarmy/Ice Wiz (depending on my mood) As of January 2018 (guessing, obvs) Zap Goblin Gang Ice Golem Hog Rider Mega Minion Furnace The Log Graveyard Favorite Card 2017-18 (no way this changes) Hog Rider !remindMe 1 year
&lt;--Joke-- (Your Head)
...why does she have nipples?
My deck has problems countering air, and Clone/LavaLoon is pretty much GG whenever I see it.
I don't have a chance, but the closest I'd get is with a spider.
I... what? That was glorious
Hmm... what about ASoIaF Greatjon Umber? He managed to drink a half dozen Freys into the ground and never passed out.
Titanfall's movement and Portal's puzzles Portal's puzzles and Monument Valley's... everything Fallout NVs world and Titanfall's movement Destiny's RPG-ness and Titanfall's gunplay Witcher 3's everything in KOTOR's universe (lol) If you can't tell I like Portal and Titanfall a lot
Hanzo with bits of cybernetics Mercy in Pharah's armor Pharah with Mercy's wings Lucio with Reaper's hoodie
Your lockers have handles?
Took me a sec... where do I get one?
The Dark God Belichick's power was too great for even Jesus himself
Nah, crappy 3-turn locks that work about half the time. They are optional at my school, though.
...what?
How big was it? I'm no artist, but unless it's a foot long, 6 hours seems like a lot.
King On King would be awesome
There are dozens of you! Dozens!
Hog, Log, and Zap
Oooooh. You twist it back and forth until it opens.
Do you guys still need? I'm just over 3000, donate around 400 per season and would leave my clan (too many BMers). In-game is ActuallyAquaman.
It's user error. If you twist them so much as a tenth of an inch off, it doesn't register. Sometimes you just have to do it a few times.
Ha, yeah. Me too. By the way, anyone know how to make concentrated dark matter? I need it for something.
Behold, my friends, the salt mines of Reddit.
I still think it should be ~750 on a 3 second charge for 5
Like... play Xbox games on my phone? I'd never STOP playing.
&lt;--joke-- (Head)
No he's an atypical fruit
Where could I find this if I wanted to print it myself (if that's OK). Also, you should try the Tesla or Inferno Tower next.
Patriots had one too, back a few years ago. I wonder how many SD fans there are... a few dozen, right?
I'm be honest- I thought this was going to be a little more Belichick-centric. How he defined success in a league where it's increasingly hard to do so. I liked where you took it, though.
C
Sounds about right. Will test myself and report back.
This doesn't even begin to work
And Belichick's son is a DBs coach. And Brady has an 8-yo boy. I say the dynasty shall rule forever.
The best kind of cock ring
Yeah. I might wait till Belichick retires, too. 'The End of An Era', and all that.
Homerism aside, he's probably 3rd. Bell, Elliot, then the Leg Carrot.
...yep! Username checks out!
T
Do a threeway Steal some Brady juice Clone him Make more Bradys
How about 4 rings We have those
We also tolerate the Rams, Eagles and Panthers
JJ Watt is injured
Pliable
Pats fan coming in peace. Can we join you guys on that whole fucking the colts thing?
IIIIIIIITTTTT'SSSS DIIIIIIOOOOONNN!!!
Nooow we're peeking back up
Is Cyrus Jones inactive... or dead?
Sea Monster transformation Bacteria Control Sword Arm The ability to make lifeless places liveable? I think Dream Me pulls it off, but it's close
Revan wins R1, but loses 2 and 3
I want to keep using Hog and Graveyard. Log and Zap can't leave. Elite Barbs are rather OP, and I probable should keep them in. What about the other 3?
Air decks
Yeah. I'm working on leveling up Furnace.
Whoever wins wins by 20 because none of the 2016 games have been particularly close
Chiefs, obviously. Steelers have a 10% chance of lighting us up, but the Chiefs don't have that explosive tendency.
Yes they should pay him a lot of money Give him the whole salary cap
That's, uh, not how it works. Even if Trump gets impeached, Pence takes office. If Pence goes down with Trump, Ryan takes office. I'm not sure what happens after that, but Sanders ain't going anywhere.
Me too thanks? /s
Uh... source? I'd love to see this happen, don't get me wrong, but this sounds... off.
...having regular missionary position sex when she decided to wedge my oh wait it's YOU again.
Is there a way we could zoom in the chart any? Maybe color-code by sets? It's interesting, but you can't really see what's going on at the sub-100 dollar level.
Yeah but when was the last time when an evil team didn't at least make the championships? 2015 was pretty subpar though
Fuckin' Flacco
Ignoring levels and Legendaries, your best bet is do either do a RG or EB-based deck. Everybody'll hate you, but it works. I'd do- Zap Furnace Mega Minion Hog Valkyrie Musketeer Elite Barbarians Freeze It's been a while since I've been in A7. If LavaLoon is cancer down there, maybe swap something for Minion Horde. Freeze, probably.
Hey that's insulting to all 8th graders
Idk man I think LavaLoon will be the next cancer
Yeah, I need to get Loon leveled up.
This makes me happy
As much as it hurts me to say it, it has to be the Pack. I can't think of anything more evil than converting a 3rd and 20, then hitting 2 consecutive 51 yard field goals to eliminate another Evil team and keep the Chalice. Edit- I forgot to add the fact they allowed the Boys to think they got back in it before crushing their spine. It has to be the Pack. It'll be the last time they win it this season, though.
I think you mean getting Brady a ring for the thumb
It will be nice to see where the Chalice really belongs... on our dark God Belichick's neck.
An average-sized office building is around 50 floors. They don't have fatal weapons, and I'll assume we can get all the doors locked in time. If I turned off all the elevators and escalators (make them run in reverse?) and managed to fortify around a staircase on a few different floors, I bet I could make it. If the building has security, we're surviving 9/10 (guns!). If they don't, it depends on what other kinds of weapons we could find.
The nice thing about it is LavaLoon can probably counter LavaLoon fairly well
Considering the amount of caffeine I drink, sounds like I'm living forever
Huh. That's kind of interesting. How many SBs have featured 2 EloE teams?
What's your LEAST favorite card? Building? Strategy?
