You already can upgrade the menagerie house and feeder
If they have any sense they will. It's not like self-improvement is a rare thing.
Pfft. Relationships are one of the most mundane things about all human interaction.
No, you can't. But it's criticism, not an order.
The elite Seers Village tasks upgrade Excalibur, but it isn't part of the Achievement Diary set. The set item for that area is the headband.
Yep. In my experience unless they're a genuine aromantic the women who say this are fooling themselves
You're right. I'm aromantic. Which means I can apply some sense to the absurd addiction worship that is romantic relationships.
Australia. None at all, although we don't have a national curriculum (yet)
thank mr skeltal
He's in a room full of strangers...
Australia. And it's not ignoring people, it's about respecting their personal space.
We aren't uncomfortable, we don't *want* to. If we talk to someone it's either in an official setting or after an introduction from a mutual acquaintance. Perhaps one day North America will develop the proper respect for peace and quiet.
This is totally reasonable and hardly excessive. At the end of the day porn is just a bit of fun, why not be happy for him?
Gandhi drank a lot of mountain dew
The picture of Dorian Grey is almost completely filled with these
Thankfully I've not had this situation happen. I tell people I have neither the inclination nor the compulsion to date, and then they seem envious. Aromanticism isn't really a difficult concept, I suspect your uncle just has some general empathy problems.
Break up then. If you're unhappy with the situation and it isn't going to change then that's the only reasonable option.
Was that how he was? If so then the latter.
Fashion isn't even remotely a female thing. There are loads of famous male fashion designers and models.
If he can't comprehend someone being different then it's possible he has empathy problems. Many people are like that. Aromanticism is a simple concept after all
Fair, but God Osborne has said that skill reworks are slated for next year
I support both zaros and armadyl so it was an easy choice. They're the only ones doing good. Saradomin and Zamorak are the worst parts of both order and chaos, and the godless are anarchist hippies
No, but you aren't attractive in that picture either. I would say lose a little puppy fat on your face, go clean shaven (the facial hair really isn't doing you any favours) and stick to different colour shirts (white and light blue, /r/malefashionadvice can point you to some basic colour coordination resources) and you'll be doing well.
Pictures one and two are bad, picture three is alright. Honestly your hairline is back way too far for a woman, and your cheeks are pretty wide.
It's a kind of bad picture but the other one you posted is good. You're definitely attractive although I don't think that lipstick colour suits you
You would have covered this on penis inspection day
Both are attractive, but I guess you'd see a cute girl in a somewhat more artistic way, like they belong in a painting so you can just look at them all day. A hot girl evokes a more animalistic desire. Whether one is better than the other depends on what sort of position they have in your life.
Becoming an aromatic, as opposed to being born one, is a thing (it happened with me), but I'm not sure that's what you're going through. The simple fact is that you're still trying to find yourself. I think trying to label yourself at this point is probably causing more harm than good. Just take some time and let things mellow.
Harder for an ordinary citizen, sure. But the British and Japanese empires both had a vested interest in good translators so it seems likely they helped each other out. Same thing applies to any major power really.
Australia's finest export
The plural of child is children. And honestly, poor gnome child is getting overused at this point.
Climbing around it in AC2 sure was a treat
Certainly wasn't expecting the abuse question.
I second the guy who said cute more than sexy. You're definitely attractive but I think your small bust lets you down
But jedi have fought each other plenty of times in the canon (the true canon that is, not the Disney debacle)
He streams on Twitch. Doesn't show his bank though :(
Yes, just because it's really a game of pushing boundaries with your friends.
Look for someone who views marriage the same way you do. If you marry someone who takes the view that it's an emotional bond then chances are it's going to screw up, and nobody wants to lose half their stuff.
I love hugging, but I will avoid kissing like the plague
I'll bite then, why should working automatically entitle you to so much? Why is it not both fairer and better for society if people have to take responsibility for the costs they incur on the wider populace?
Unfortunately Germany would scoff at the notion of weapon rights.
Try to get to as safe a place as possible and just generally do whatever I have to to protect them.
That happens with men too you know. If all those clothes 'instantly fit' then chances are you're wearing clothes that are too baggy.
If it's your size that they like you can continue. If it's not you can look for someone else
34" waistline sure but what about cut, width, length, inside vs outside leg, etc? With shirts it's even crazier, with chest, shoulders, neck, upper arm, forearm and stomach sizes all different. At the end of the day off-the-rack clothes will never quite fit right.
You can work with the individual. You can't do that if they don't tell you what they want
That depends entirely on the person you want to be hired by. If they think your previous job is awful they'll choose someone else.
......?
A two way radio
This is normal and healthy. Find a fwb to take your energy out on
Nigel Farage. He speaks and acts with conviction despite receiving an ungodly amount of undeserved hate.
That's not how it's said. You would say "a herb". A silent H is a French pronunciation, which makes no sense in English.
Someone you know well enough to chat with at the bar of Hong Kong airport at 3am
I'm perfectly okay with no human contact for the rest of my life
The reason a person has individual freedom is because of the values and hard work of the nation. They have a debt to pay towards their nation, their heritage and their fellow citizens.
I....just....what? In what conceivable way would bananas be made from milk?
Douglas Murray, David Starkey and Milo Yiannopoulos.
Only ever did it once, and that's only because I didn't have access to my computer
I deal with it fine. My parents are good people and I was raised in a nice place. Yes they sometimes messed up as parents, and I sometimes messed up as a son, but by and large we're a healthy family.
Mace Windu has to be a cassowary, because he will fuck your shit up
"Will you go out with me?" "No." She was moderately attractive
Formal wear and semi-formal outdoors wear. I love tall boots and jackets but unfortunately it's way too hot here in Australia
Violence is the way the world works sometimes. Disregarding your duty because you find violence distasteful is a betrayal of your country at a time of need. Again you speak as if people owe their country nothing.
Conscription isn't something nations do for fun, they do it when their very existence is threatened. Clearly you wouldn't fight for freedom because you don't support the nation's that uphold it when they're most in need.
I was expecting Deidara but that one actually gave a blowjob in the episode
I can't believe he didn't take a sin off for Thomas the tank engine
When will you address the huge criticisms of your Humans Need Not Apply and Americapox videos?
In that picture her cheeks are large and her lashes don't have any makeup, this seems like an optical illusion rather than an eyeball size
He sounds more like an acquaintance than a real friend. I'd suggest looking elsewhere on this matter
She was 17, ethnically Fijian, fat with zero shape to her. 3/10. Plenty of shame afterwards. She was my friend, turns out she was crushing on me very hard. One night I was over at her house and she got me *very* drunk, to the point I couldn't stand up straight, then we had sex. After that every time she texted me she started calling me "boo" so I noped out of there.
We have no idea what Saitama's full potential is, but Simon cares about his fights far more so I'd say he wins.
Titenic or Clock Tower imo, they have the best sketches
I've got a bone to pick with you!
Pokemon is a very mainstream casual game. It's not strange at all.
If you can't take the heat don't go in the kitchen. If some random shitposter saying 'do it faggot' makes you kill your own family you clearly belong in an asylum
It's [current year] therefore X is not an argument
When the dog dies in the movie
Remember that the majority are not from Syria at all. This is an illegal migrant crisis not a refugee crisis
Use news apps and websites then
If you think that's bad watch a short film on YouTube called All About My Dog Marimo, you will bawl like a little girl but it's beautiful
Like 3 big spurts, 4 smaller ones and a few droplets. I'd guess maybe a couple of tablespoons worth?
Nobody ever played pull my finger with you?
Actually the crowbar snaps in two
Most people have no idea what they're doing with their life
1. Be large, height as well as muscle 2. Have a confident posture 3. Grow a beard
You only need two minutes? It takes me two hours to find the right porn sometimes, masturbating all the while
5 or 6 on a good day
That depends entirely on whether they're growers or showers.
About 780 gigs Since 2011
It never gets 'stuck' no matter how much hair I have. So I don't have to trim the hair there, I just do it for neatness.
Once every day or two
The south Park episode on this was perfect
You look like a more manly Michael Cera
Jesus, what caused this addiction epidemic?
Let's hope it's not the last! Outstanding
Sex
Never. Just go outside
Frankly this is silly. You still have normal conversations with even the hottest people. Only in an environment like a nightclub would this happen, which is for sexual encounters anyway so what do you expect.
My dick
Definitely longer. You're a good looking guy
I used to think putting cheese on pasta was utterly appalling. I still do, but now I realise a lot of people do it.
Taken their punishment, made it up to those affected, and changed their ways. Some actions are so bad that the first two can't be completed.
Then they aren't redeemed
Gollum too
Well I'm from Australia, so not exactly next door
Never, it's easier to just fully unbutton my pants and pull them down a bit
No no no no no dear God no. Please never do this unless explicitly asked to.
Heels work because they change a woman's stance and accentuate the upper legs and arse
It works on the whole leg. The same thing would happen if you showed them barefoot with their foot on the ground and then on the ball of their foot
When I stopped feeling sorry for myself and just got on with life
Porn stars are adults capable of making their own decisions. Even if they did get medical problems it's fine because it's their choice. Just like athletes, builders, and other physical professions.
Hardline muslims - jihadists, islamists and their supporters Progressives, feminists and the like
The "if you're not with us you're evil" thinking mainly. As well as clinging to a narrative in the face of evidence.
You know the anime community takes the piss out of these guys too right?
What are your thoughts on the ABC's reporting and bias generally? How can it be improved?
Not so. There are events that really happen. The subjectivity is how it's written about.
Fool me once, I'm mad
Most likely an aromantic, one who happens to be quite repulsed by romance
What do I have to pay for you to never look at me like that again?
Get out of our home
I don't see the point of living a lie. If I live that way then I'm guaranteed to have nobody like me, because they'll never meet me. Just a fake.
If someone wants to live that way that's their business. The idea that everything in the past is automatically culturally inferior is ludicrous.
And that's simply not true. You can know things objectively and you can write an objective report of an incident. "Local police said this, witnesses said this, governments have responded by saying that" It's not even difficult.
I wish this was real
There's plenty of stories of a person becoming aromantic, although if they get aromanticism out of it it's a good experience
You are overthinking this way way waaaaay too much. Just find people you like being around and who like being around you. How often you talk to each other depends on the person, you can talk to them about it you know.
Did you try the websites of various designers?
Rip Scissorman
Honestly the final shot makes the movie. The guy is utterly distraught but the whole time he's had anger to turn to, without that he just breaks down.
Like a water version of a Tyranid Carnifex
If the US plays defensively they force a stalemate, if they play aggressively they increase the likelihood of a loss. Remember that with battles you have to capture and hold ground, not just cause damage. There's no way the US has enough military personnel to hold enough land to rule all other countries.
I haven't played it yet but I believe Bayonetta fought within a sun. If so that gives her better durability than cooler.
Remember that lions can and do climb on top of elephants
Don't sweat it, forget it, enjoy the show
The UK is a country of countries, CGP grey has a video on this.
This is definitely a UK + US victory. Militarily they definitely win, not even a contest. Economically they're both powerhouses. London and New York are the most important financial cities in the world, and they both have a strong private sector. Culturally this is a stomp too. English is an extremely widespread language - music, films, TV shows, etc in English are enjoyed around the world. No other countries export their culture anywhere near as well. Also worth noting that all the other big players are not united. Russia, China, India, Japan, Germany have no allies worth speaking about. The only possible round UK + US would lose is a cultural round against the I countries, if you count religion as culture. Italy easily commands the Vatican and influences catholics, Iran influences Shia muslims, India influences Hindus, Sikhs and its other native religions.
Redline!
Isn't the objective to find a person who wants you for you?
No because it's fucking stupid
Most likely flirty but it depends on the girl
Takeshi's Challenge!
Now that's something a sensible person could understand
It drains a lot of chakra though, and it has no real way to stop something like a giant wave of sand crashing on top of him.
Every country in the Commonwealth should have a union jack in the corner tbh.
If you mean the religious sense, no, there's no proof for it. If you mean the university hippie sense, no, there's plenty of proof against it.
You could've called this game bird vs camel
Byotiful, it's byotiful
Actually the toast snaps in two
It's a short book, you could read it within an afternoon easily
Really? Resting bitch face is extremely sexy
It's entirely possible depending on the sort of person you are.
Trump-sama will make anime real
Most of the bartenders from my local pub are women. All kind, funny people but then I'm from a town where everyone knows everyone. In cities I never talk to bartenders, male or female.
Indeed, great taste
Make myself 6'2". Only 5'10" and it sucks. Also a decent hairline would be great
16 in Australia. I think it should be legal for 13 year olds to have sex within 3 years of their age range like, IIRC, Italy does. They do it already anyway but they should be able to be more open about it, in the interests of their health.
Did you win the Jeff and Paul award for excellence in shopping centres?
Starkiller annihilates Ahsoka. He defeated Shaak Ti with reinforcements inside a giant sarlacc and Ahsoka is significantly weaker than her. 11/10 Starkiller
Going solely by game selection 1. PS3. It has most of the best games from the previous systems already so this is an easy take. 2. PS2. Ratchet and Clank, God of War, Kingdom Hearts, and loads of multi-platform titles 3. PS1. I love it to death but unless you really love platformers like Crash Bandicoot and Spyro then the PS2 outperforms it in every way. 4. PS4. Simply doesn't have a big enough game library yet for it to be a fair fight. Time will tell.
Ethiopia is sub-saharan. Somalia also had a thriving sea trade in the ancient world
When you say not an issue do you mean I'm filthy rich or do you mean I just have enough to live on? If it's the latter I'd do gay stuff for a lot of money.
Going by Our War Game this is a stomp for Wargreymon. His durability and speed are leagues ahead of any non-legendary Pokemon.
Granted I haven't played Bloodborne but going by gameplay trailers and the Souls games this is a stomp for Fairy Tail. Their powers are hugely destructive, especially after Gray's Devil Slayer power up. Erza and Natsu can both fly, and requip magic allows for all sorts of situations. Not to mention they have very good teamwork. As for sanity, I can't imagine it's worse than what Erza's already been through
I love the fusion of this and the attack helicopter pasta that makes the 'I sexually identify as a spork' one.
Well historically western maids have been all sorts of ages. I think this is an image that's been altered by Hollywood
True. Really tumblr is just a meme at this point, it's got its good and bad just like any other site of its type.
Dates? What? This is a fwb isn't it? The whole point is that there isn't romance.
Can't forget the flying eggplant
I don't understand the mentality you refer to. Either you think something happens or it doesn't, if it does its applicability to you might vary but why would you consider yourself invincible?
Left usually, every so often he feels like a sea change
Adrian is the masculine name. Adrienne is the feminine version
Do you think there would be a complication if they were aromantic? Complications seem only to rise from romance.
Fair point, although for most men unless you have exceedingly good social skills sex can't be found anywhere.
If you like video game themes you can never go wrong with Final Fantasy and Kingdom Hearts. White Knight Chronicles also has a fantastic soundtrack
Germanic white White, but they're really the only people around my area
Koala claws hurt like hell and are extremely sharp.
Good old Lord Patten will tell them to get bent
Definitely. Handy t80 stats without the outrageous price of automaton gloves
One night stands are not remotely immoral.
There's no such thing as too independent. It's better if you can do things without needing help.
If it's anything like Australia cyclists are hated for being dangerous on the road.
Prior to World War 1 this is definitely a Russia victory. The Ottomans and China were both nothing compared with the great powers. Japan was a formidable naval power, and they even beat Russia in a naval war at the time, but they wouldn't make a dent in Russia on land. The other Asian nations at the time are too small to worry about. In the second round Russia did manage to take huge swathes of central Asia and Manchuria leading up to WW1. They could probably beat the various nations if they can manage to raise enough funds and can handle the logistics. Although it would be nigh impossible to keep control of all that land. As for the Medieval round, depending on exactly when you mean, this is essentially the Mongols. They beat the Russian princes, didn't make it to Germany, and failed at taking Japan. If you mean later on when Russia became a true nation then China could probably take Japan, Germany could probably beat Russia in pitched battles but would he beaten by the weather, and China and Russia would be beaten by the elements before they even reached each other.
Indeed. Had their naval attempts not been so awful they might have had a good deal more.
Pain. Chronic, intense, long term pain. For obvious reasons I think.
If she has to reiterate how confident and accomplished she is. Surest sign she's neither and is trying to fool herself.
The typhoon only happened in the third invasion of Japan, they lost all the others all on their own.
They fail in all rounds just because the Imperium is waaaaaaaay too large and there are too many xenos.
These are awesome!
The force feats of the council could easily handle bullets.
My nuts just retracted inside my body in terror
Legends is a separate canon, not non-canon
Iran has refused to allow random inspections, so how can you say they're being monitored effectively?
Not so. You can despise someone and still think them strong, and love them and think them weak. A perfect example is the funding of Isis. Even a miniscule country like Qatar doesn't respect your country enough to not get on your bad side.
Easy warmachine victory. He is more agile, flies faster, can handle bigger hits and can do better long range attacks. I can't see Harry being able to handle a chaingun.
The force Jaime led was a cavalry regiment, not a whole army. I think it was Theon's first chapter that talks about Jaime fighting on the front lines with them, not sitting back and directing as Tywin did.
Marxism was great, it's just been hijacked by tyrants
Many think Australian culture is just getting drunk and generally being uncouth, not realising we have poetry, architecture, art, etc. Unfortunately this includes our own populace
What do you mean by violating?
Talking to people is free
Raptors are weak without their pack, on their own they even get beaten by a small teenage girl in the second movie. The man with spear wins pretty handily.
