What is the special Item anyway?
Got some tips for a scrub like me then? I really can't stand this map at high tiers...
Silver Fang. I just like those Old-Guy-but-extremely-powerful-characters. Also martial arts are cool.
You'll probably have to improve it by a lot. My clan for example requires at least 1,6k recent. And we weren't even close to getting a tank for anyone. Got some camos though.
Now i can't help but wonder. What happened afterwards? Did Dan bust you to Jess or did he keep silent? Did anything more serious develop between you and Lily? Just by what i've read here you seemed to be quite into each other (as in more than horny). Is there a Volume 3 coming or do we have to buy that on amazon? Not that i would mind that much. Just asking.
Where else would the gunner and commander be o.O?
Lol i hopped in my t54, played like 5 games, circlestrafed a Jagdtiger to death an bam that's 2100 damage against TDs... I didn't even try for that mission. Just play like you normally would and you'll get it eventually.
The most important thing for the is mobility. I think of it this way: How do i combat derpguns, gold ammo and arty? Don't get hit or better yet: Don't get spotted. Sometimes heavies and stuff are fun but i think mediums can be more consistent because of their flexibility.
The thing that really annoys me about platooning with arty, is that it basically makes the platoon useless. You can't do anything a normal platoon can. No double tracking, no "take a shot for me and we'll rush him". Nothing more than maybe that one shot every thirty seconds. I'd rather play alone than platoon with arty. At least then i'm not guaranteed arty on the enemy team every game i play.
First off: Get some order in your rambling. It's ok to not be a native speaker. But this post is really hard to read. But concerning your problem: I would suggest to never rely on stuff like that. Just learn the armorprofiles of the enemy tanks. It's not gonna take that long. Also: Wich tier 8 are you driving?
I play it in a way that never leaves me alone. So i always stick around other targets and do my part by doing damage, tracking and baiting shots. Sometimes heavies really want to shoot me instead of the heavies next to me. And i'll happily eat that shot if i baited him out far enough for him to eat 3 shells in return.
Don't forget that sexy HESH.
Then please do tell me what that magical "three"-button loads into my gun?
Go into the game, mouse over the "HE" round and read its name. It says "HESH". I can read thank you very much. Also your tanks.gg doesn't say anything. Try selecting the prem heshround on the Cent 7/1. It's also listed as HE. The shell's name however is and stays HESH. Its just "HESH L35" instead of "HESH L37".
How exactly is the Cent 1 a painless stock grind if you haven't gone down the heavy line? That comet gun at tier 8... Makes me shiver.
Why did I know that you were going to show up and say that the moment I read someone badmouth the 260?
To be honest the "Prem tanks have to be worse than same-tier tanks"-idea has kind of lost it's purpose. They don't do pref mm on new tanks anymore so there really is no reason for prem tanks to be shit. The only thing they can't be is more powerful than normal tanks. And many are still worse. Look at the STA-2. Worse in every way but dpm than the STA-1. But at least it's competitive. Even the IS3-A fullfills that criteria. The DPM difference to the normal IS3 doesn't matter compared to the huge boost to mobility the normal IS3 has. I don't get why people want premiumtanks to be worse in every way to normal tanks? Are they just mad that they can't buy them and can't tell themselves that the prems are worse anyway anymore? As long as they don't outperfrom the standardtanks you literally have nothing to complain about.
Instead of nerfing russian premiums to shit they should just buff all the others to competitiveness. There is no good reason for premium tanks to be worse than same tier normal tanks. As long as they're not better than researchable ones everything goes in my book. Also pref. makes a huge difference for the Löwe. The pen difference might not be big but you're forgetting all the rest. The HP-pool of tier 10s compared to 9s as well as the DPM. An Action X will shred you way faster than a cent 7/1 will even though they have the same pen.
Why does everyone have the idea that premiums have to be worse? It's not better than the IS3 so there is no problem. It's not paytowin. Also it doesn't perform worse than the IS3. If it did it would have pref MM. And we really don't need more of those running around. Just accept that it is a competitive tank and not an XP-Pinata like some of the older prems. They should just buff the old ones just enough to be competitive (depending on pref or normal MM that is) and be done with it.
I would actually agree that those are kind of BS. However more because of the crews they came with rather than the tanks themselves.
I wasn't talking about the Löwes DPM. I still think the idea of pref MM would make a huge difference to it. Not because of what the Löwe does to a tier 10 instead of a tier 9 but rather because of what those tanks do to the löwe. If it could never see a tier 10 the bad armor would matter less as well as the dpm just because the tanks it could face in a worst case scenario aren't as good.
Make the spottingcap different for different tankclasses. That would give lights a reason to exist in tier 9 and 10 games again. Make it like 500 for lights, 445 for mediums and something like 400 or below for the other classes. Also it would make binocs viable again for something other than camopiercing.
I still think open top tanks should just get +5 to crewskills standard. Maybe as a counterweight to the disadvantage you get from being autopenned by any HE shells from above?
The thing that always baffled me is that the Xbox version has such but ugly UI. They put so much effort into making the game look good but the UI looks like a mobile-indie-wotclone. Seriously the Ammochoices at the bottom look like someone made a 20x20 sprite in paint and just enlarged it.
Those are the game mechanics. Just because you don't like them it doesn't mean it's not a good game. I hate arty and rng as much as the next guy but i wouldn't say that WoT is not a good game. I wouldn't be playing it if i didn't think it was good. While you and i consider Arty and RNG a problem, many people don't. Just don't generalize games as good or not good because of mechanics you dislike. That's just your point of view. Don't try to convince people that everyone must think the same as you.
A lot of couples around me actually do that. Of course it‘s not a real punch but rather a poke. But given Animes tendency to take things to extremes i can see where that clichee comes from.
I can see him teaching stuff to child emperor with his afterimage while dodging all of his attacks!
I just want to see Nagisa eviscerate Yanagisawa and spread his intestines all around the classroom.
I would just argue that they don't want WW2 tanks in swamps and shit to look pristine and new. Wouldn't make much sense if the battle consisted of nothing but fresh off the line tanks. I don't mind beat up mudguards and stuff like that. Makes it look more like a vehicle that actually saw combat than a revell-modelkit imo.
Honestly they can have it for all i care. The Fv4202(p) is garbage anyway and it would need like a bazillion buffs to even compete for a spot in my regular played tanks. I'd rather train my crew in a cromwell B than that piece of junk.
I did that with the E-75 too. Switched them to the E-50 once i unlocked it and put the E-50 guys in the E-75. If i had any intrest in the leo i would retrain one of the gals to be a light tank grill so i could fill my RU but hey too late now.
It would be intresting to know if that works in WoT. I know it worked in Warthunder. Back then i used to load a lot less shells to keep my front ammorack in the Bulldog empty so i didn't get blown up that much.
By that logic why isn't the HEAT-54 higher in the ranking?
I guess people progress down the missions at different speeds. I'm around 5.2k battles in and i'm on MT-15 for the T55 and the other 3 missions are at around 5-7. Getting those honours on the 15s can be quite annoying though.
Any resident unicums that might give us a hint if it's worth 20 euros?
Companies shouldn't try to create memes... I just seems so forced. Some PR guy: "Guys memes are the shit let's throw some meme out using one of the characters. Make sure to put no effort into creating something fun. The internet will celebrate it anyway!"
I would argue it's better than the Leopard 1. While mobility isn't quite as badass as the Leopard you can still keep up with the russian hovertenks and for it you get a turret that actually bounces stuff once you start using a bit of your gun depression. Also the AX is a lot more HE proof than the Leopard.
Luchs definitely imo. Just because of how many tanks you can wreck with the autoloader if you get to be top tier. However you sacrifice the ability to get marks of excellence if you like to go for those. Also the Luchs has a really weird Crew layout, wich might lead to you having to retrain some crew for gold to other positions.
Then go for the Luchs. Cutest tank in world of tanks and a bunch of fun. Pretty much the only lowtier tank i willingly play.
I'd still go for the Mutz honestly. I can't speak for you but i don't mind having my radio operator behind by a bit. I'd rather have that than play that horrible slug that is the panther 8,8. Other option for crewtraining: Get a Pz T25 or a Turan III. I got my first ever Pools medal in that T25. It's just a glorious little tank and it trains 5 crewmembers for the Panther line. So does the Turan III only problem being that it runs out of ammo constantly.
You can deflect the Hanzio ultimate? TIL.
D.Va or Reinhardt. Reinhardt because he's german and i like to talk to cool old people. D.Va since she is pretty much my age, shares hobbies and seems like a nice person to get to know.
Not to keen on all those low viewranges. Of course it's nice for light tanks because they finally have a purpose again. But when everything is as blind as an IS3 or even worse we are gonna see so much more of the "oh i got hit by invisible tanks crap that frustrates many players. Even when not bushsniping.
Book spoiler: In the books that had been taken care of. Petyr was planning on marrying her to a good looking cousin of robin after letting robin die in training with the royce guy. maybe they'll work that into the series in some form or another.
I think the first major one i realized is Ramsay. I still can't take him seriously because all i ever see is simon from misfits.
Also what is Mycroft Holmes doing in the Iron Bank?
I wouldn't be so sure about that. Even while they were still behind the books in season 4 and 5 they already changed a lot of major plotpoints and left out a lot as well. Seasons 1-3 were much closer to the book. I wouldn't be surprised to see the plots drift even further apart in the future. Although i have to admit i didn't like a lot of the changes D&amp;D made. It always seems to me that they desperately want to prove "Hey we're just as good as Martin at writing stories!" but they always fail. The whole thing with Littlefinger and Sansa is much more plausible and "littlefingerlike" in the books compared to the show. In the books he just seems way more cunning and more well informed. Like he should be.
Hey Ectar. Would you mind doing me a favour? Your mission, should you choose to accept it, is to find the Idiot who thought arty top of the tree was a good idea and get rid of him for good. Not just remove him from the company. Remove his existence from the face of this planet.
It really was yesterday. Got oneshot by artillery that wasn't even gunning for me but for the Jagdtiger i was passing. Combine that with two other shots that take off 80% of my health in the two following games and you have a recipe for salt.
Wouldn't the jews wipe themselves out by doing this? Also being circumsized (some medical crap as a child not hygene or religion related) i don't quite see how it would stop me from enjoying sex. Even if it is less fun than for uncircumsized men i have no way to compare and well... Judging by the amount of fapping i do i don't see how that would affect my sex-life if i had any?
I guess the only reason to buy this is that it is a better crewtrainer than the slöwe. Except for the missing second loader i think?
Thanks for the quick answer!
My point still stands. Let's say someone cut off a bit off my tongue when I was 1 or 2 years old. I would have no memory of how food tasted before that. I would still eat and enjoy food. The only Difference would be that I keep getting told the food would taste better if I had more tongue left. Why should i care? I can't change it now so what's the point in feeling bad about it. Afterall i still enjoy my food. Some foods will still be my favourite foods and i will enjoy them. What do you get out of constantly pestering me with how much better it would taste if I had more tongue left. Why should i care. I'm starting to get the impression that it's the uncircumsized people that are insecure about their members. What other reason would these people have to constantly try to convince us that our dicks are somehow inferior? You enjoy sex, we enjoy sex. If it makes you feel better telling yourself how much more fun you're having with your extra skin fine. I just don't get why you have to constantly try to make people feel bad about their dicks?
There is a Difference between pointing out a factual fault and backseatgaming though. I've never seen him get angry about someone politely correcting a factual error. What he hates are backseatgamers and people that pretend they're entitled to his friendship or something along those lines. At least that's how it seems to me.
What does having less than 5k battles have to do with being a noob?
I don't think he meant knowing wether he died or not. More like "I want to know if he killed none, just one or a hundred men."
For example the books handle the littlefinger and Sansa thing a lot better imo. Littlefinger handing the girl he has the hots for over to fuckin ramsay just doesn't make sense. There is no way he doesn't know what a bastard (in every sense of the word) ramsay is. They way he schemes in the books with that unknown heir to the veil and giving sansa the north as well as the veil just fits his character way better.
I only ever had that with the bran storyline. I almost skipped all of it. The rest of the story pretty much kept me hooked all the way through.
I'm just looking forward to getting back to reasonable sneaky Petyr. Him handing the girl he has the hots for over to ramsay never sat well with me. It's such an unfitting way of acting for him. The book version with Robin's cousin (i think cousin?) just makes way more sense for him in my book. I feel like D&amp;D just want to proof that they can write stories as awesome as Martin. Wich they can't if you ask me. And with every season they show more of how they've fucked up the show canon.
Maybe it's like albino children? Rare but happens even if none of the parents have it?
I would say that's exactly what it does. You can learn Basic mechanics and weakspots really quickly but the stuff that makes you unicum like positioning and decisionmaking take a really long time to catch on to.
You seriously still claim the 416 can't be played without spamming heat? At least Start using it only when you need it like all the other people.
Other way around for me. Got 67% winrate in the Panther and only 54% in the Panther 2
So basically make all the crews you already have pointless by allowing one crew to man every vehicle in your garage? I like the system you're proposing. They basically have that in WarThunder only with even less penalty. But it will never come to WoT now. It's too late for that because so many people already have multiple crews.
Ahm are you serious? How does a 15 Skills captain not give you a significant advantage over someone with a 2 skill one. Take Jingles Video where he mentions the Roon cruiser with a 15 skill captain. Those camo skills allow him to have a 4 kilometer corridor from wich he can fire without being spotted. With a shit captain that wouldn't even be close to realistic. It's not as bad as in WoT especially because you can basically get sixth sense immediately but to say that commanders only improve quality of life and not ship performance is crap.
Finally i can look at you without disgust again. Now sell all your arties to make me love you.
You can also shoot enemy tanks with a shit crew. It's just a whole lot easier with a good one. Where's your point in stating that it works without skills as well? Of course it does. The point I was making is that it's way easier to invisifire with a good commander. Also i don't see what the patchnotes change about it. While the penalty might not be affected. Let's say it adds 5km to detectionrange. It's still gonna be better if you have 14km baserange rather than let's say 18. Because if you fire you get detected from 19km rather than 23km. How is that "just a quality of life improvement"?
i'd argue that tier 8-10 is also pretty bad. T44 facing E-100s and T62-As just isn't that fair.
I meant why should i care in the sense of "why should i care if i still had my tongue". Let's go with the tongue example. It has been cut off for example when i was 2 years old. I can't get my tongue back and i don't miss it because i have no memory of how having a tongue was different from not having one. I literally have no reason to care if i myself have one or not. Now along comes "Anti-tongue-chopoffer" and pesters me constantly about how i should miss my tongue and how much better everything would be if i still had it. All you accomplish or try to accomplish is making me feel bad when i would really have no reason to. Tldr: I didn't mean why should i care as in caring about other people. I meant why should i myself care about my own dick being circumsized. You telling me it would be better the other way does not help me in any way shape or form and all it might do is make me feel bad about something i never had a reason to feel bad about before.
Again your analogy is flawed. I can assure you my dick works just fine. It does all the funny tricks yours does. Gets hard, gives me pleasure and shoots white fluid. It's not gone. Rather you should put it this way. "Why should i care if i didn't see as well as other people". And, wearing glasses i have experience in this field. Before i first wore glasses i saw incredibly badly compared to someone with unimpaired vision or glasses. I did not care about it though until i was forced to wear glasses because of my drivers license. In essence i did not feel hindered in anyway. I didn't feel like my body was worse in any way. But then again. Putting on a pair of glasses is an easy fix whereas reattaching your foreskin is not something we do. What i'm trying to say is that if you've been circumsized you don't feel inferior to non circumsized men. There is no reason to. We don't know it any other way so there is nothing we miss about having our foreskin. Just as i didn't miss my glasses till i had some. Would i get a new foreskin if i could? Maybe, maybe not. Depends on how much different the experience would be. But since you don't want to cut yours off and i can't reattach mine we just have to take each others word for it. Also i think you presume that i want more people to be circumsized or anything. Not at all. I also think we shouldn't mutilate people unless medically neccessary such as in my case. I'm just trying to say that this whole "haha you're inferior" attitude leads nowwhere. There is 0 point in telling someone who was circumsized that it would be better another way. he can't change it and most likely he has no base other than your word for it. So why would he give a shit. Rather use your time to educate politicians and soon to be parents instead of trying to make circumsized people feel bad about their dicks.
Only 60 people in RDDT main? Hm last time those guys did a recruitment thread (like a month or so ago?) i applied and didn't even get a reply :/ I didn't have the T32 yet (T29 atm) but i had a T54 l9wt. and an IS3-A. But apparently that wasn't even good enough to get a reply saying "sorry go somewhere else". (WN8 checked out as well)
Well back in 2010 when i started i was the absolute youngest guy on our server with 14. Back then the vast majority of players i feel where 20-30. Still autistic fucks most of the time but at least without screachy noise and some amount of intelligence. Minecraft multiplayer used to be so much more fun back then. No it's just a chicken pen for 9-13 year olds that think they are gods if daddy pays them a server with 20 slots...
1995* we are getting old...
What settlement. And what Quest? The moment i left to raze that orc settlement i got invaded by 4 full stacked greenskin armies. what the fuck am i even supposed to do to defend against that?
Oh hello Trump von Carstein.
Thx a lot i'll take a good look at that strategy. I never even considered demolishing my sparring chamber because i wanted longbeards sooner rather than later. it's a really nice surprise to see this much helpfulness even though my initial post was kind of ranty. I'll keep the auto bar imbalance in mind next time i play. Thx again for helping an angry noob :3
Also are Miners really that good? I rarely ever build any because they seem so squishy to me.
I'll "give you a call" either tomorrow or the day after :)
So i popped on today sadly couldn't find any recruiters. I'll try again tomorrow if that's alright. Could you tell me what their server group tag looks like? Greetings.
I think it's gonna smooth out again. Right now a lot of people are probably panic selling theirs and gimping the prices.
Thought the same thing. However a gtx 1070 like i intended to get is only 30 cheaper than euro in Germany. Given that the pound is still worth slightly more than the euro means there's not much point.
Can't tell you how current the google currency exchange rate is but amazon uk sells the 1070 for 460something pounds. according to google that's 567.814845 Euros. You'd be cheaper off ordering from a german webstore where you pay 499 euros for the same card.
Winning by teamfights? Are we talking about the same team. I hate Alliance ever since TI3 because they brought about almost a year of nothing but splitpush strats. Bulldog was only ever good at two heroes back then. Ban Druid and Prophet and he was useless as fuck. Even the final they only won with their retarded splitpushcombo because they got rekt in every fucking teamfight.
Thx but i think at 5k+ Battles played and 2000+ recent Wn8 i know heavy gameplay mechanics :D I just never bothered to go down the IS line so i was wondering wich is more fun / quicker. Also i have a dank heavy crew from playing russian prems.
I also happen to know a girl who did that to herself... I hope you're over whatever made you do that. I'm sure you'll find many people who find you beautiful anyway :)
Always feels good to see science (in a way?) fucking up religious nutters. Somehow i want the maesters to develop tanks and blitz the 7 kingdoms. Maybe wait until winter has passed to go north though.
Arent they the closest thing to actual research there is? Also as far as i know they don't like magic very much.
The winter has passed was a joke based on what happened in 1940 with Operation Barbarossa, not an actual proposal. Also an Iceage is defined by it's long duration and how constant the low temperatures are. It's not minus 100 degrees celsius. Russia was also really fucking cold and the russians managed to start their tanks. Spend a night in siberia in winter without fire and you'll also freeze. Dragon's are nice and all. But let's be honest here. Were there a "modern" army to appear in the WoT universe noone would stand a chance. Not even the Targaryens. Cannonshells don't care if they penetrate armour or dragonscales. Tldr: All i was is making a joke about what happened to the nazis when they invaded russia. Not an actual suggestion on how the maesters should conquer westeros...
Your banter is adorable.
I wish i had gotten the Nachi on EU. Only one of the myokos where the camo colour doesn't bother me. Sadly the decided to look her behind that incredibly stupid mission to kill 20 of each nation when noone plays russians...
I'm sorry but are we playing the same game? No matter if i angle bow on or slighty to the side every BB salvo i eat is at least 10k damage. And the moment i get spotted it seems every fucking BB is dropping whatever they are doing even turning their turrets 180 degrees just to shoot me. Also how can a ship that everyone says is only good with islands to hide behind and teammates to spot for you be considered the strongest tier 6 cruiser?
That seems like a really shit ship to me though. If it's only good with enough island around and teammates that keep the enemy at bay and spotted for you how can that be considered the strongest tier 6 cruiser? Are tier 6 cruisers just that shit or what? So basically you just die and lose if your BBs camp as they always seem to do?
Honestly it's not just the arcs that bother me. It just seems like it limits you so much compared to other ships. Being able to do nothing but camp behind islands and hope no battleship wants to shoot you doesn't seem like something that good tbh. At least with ships that have smoke or torps you can be a little more agressive and flexible. Deny smokescreens and so on. Cleveland just seems like a one trick pony with a fairly unimpressive trick.
In WoT you get winning xp if you get a medal such as Top-Gun High Caliber and so on. Wargaming could just implement the same into wows. Get winning XP when you lose but pulled off a high caliber or a kraken. I think that would be fair.
It's not as BS at starting Fires as the Cleveland, aoba and Budyonny and not as good at DPMing as the Leander but i think she still has a place. The best games i've had in her were games where i could go ham in canals and torp unsuspecting Battleships. The torpangles are really great and put the Aoba to shame. The good thing is you don't have to show more broadside than to bring your two guns to bear anyway so people often don't realize that i'm launching torps at them.
I mean i like the torps themselves. Just the angles are so shit. But Aoba torps are still much nicer to use than for example Budyonny torps with their terrible range.
You're fine. I see six other people in that game that shouldn't be alive. Or at least not in the game...
You weren't top tier. You were just the only Tier 9 tanks in that game as far as i understand the system.
I would like it if there was a sixth girl in there. Come on WG you've given us 5 already. What about a sixth to fill both tier tens :3? Pretty please?
Hey at least you didn't get the boring "no detonation" signals 250 times like i did...
Well Kamikaze just means godly wind. Fits the naming scheme of IJN destroyers being named after natural phenomena and so on.
Aviation gasoline is just gasoline with high octanenumbers. It's not stored under pressure or anything. High octane means it can be compressed further before combusting. That makes a pistonengine more efficient. It still burns whenever a spark hits it. But that's true for all gasoline. Diesel on the other hand is really hard to set on fire.
Well it does :D But so does every form of gasoline out there. Funnily enough the less efficient gasoline would ignite even better. That's also the reason you can't fuel your 95 octane car with 85 octane gasoline but it will take 98 octane fuel just fine. If the octane count is too low it will ignite from the mere compression, therefore igniting too early leading to a knocking sound and decreased performance as well as more wear on the engine. High octane is fine because a sparkplug will still ignite it at the right moment.
However when a carrier does it he's giving up on other tasks he can do. Can't chase other planes or rearm the ones he's using to spot you. And if you have AA you can strike back at the carrier for doing it. It's like the argument in WoT that TD's can stealthhit you as well bla bla. The point is that, arty is completely safe from retaliation whereas the TD has to have line of sight on you. Wich means you can retaliate. There is no way to retaliate against RDF. It's just a deus ex machina that fucks destroyers in the ass.
Depends on what the game is supposed to be. WG is pushing the E-Sports side of it's titles. All succesfull Esporttitles are not balanced around the average shitter but rather the top players. If you balance a game around the majority of players (wich are as WOWS and WoT show practically braindead) every patch is going to dumb the game down more. At some point it's gonna be dumbed down so much that even the shitters that wanted it get frustrated because even the little amount of knowledge they slowly aquire is being made useless by indicators and skills. Dumbing down the game to appeal to stupider players is never the answer to make a better game in the long run.
You are also told when you're spotted by a carrier? The only counterplay then is to either smoke up or shoot down the planes. There is no such thing for RDF. Every other way of being spotted can either be counterplayed by smoking, not firing, killing the thing spotting you, hiding behind and island or in fact is temporary (like hydro and radar) RDf is permanent and the only way to dela with it is pull back far enough (in a god damn DD) so some cruiser or BB is the closest Target to the enemy. That can hardly be considered "counterplayed".
It would be nice however i don't think it's that unrealistic. Some people have a really really hard time moving on from people they fall in love with, even if they're rejected repeatedly. I have that problem myself, and i even know a couple of people that have it far worse (suicidal thoughts and in one case attempts). Mostly it just takes a long time and in some cases a lot longer than for the "average" person. I find it quite plausible that molly would mope after sherlock for 2-3 years. Don't really have a grip on what amount of time the show covers.
It's an addiction. Molly is obviously addicted to Sherlock. But in many cases we just call an addiction to a person "love". Sherlock is really a dick towards molly that's obvious. Should she get over him? Yes of course. Is it believable that she might not be able to? I think so.
I actually will thank you very much. I've been watching the first season of that the past few days and i can't remember how many times i've thought "Hey i wish the BBC sherlock was still like this. Solving cases and bantering greg to a pulp and shit".
Ahm i don't think so. You are in no way alerted to who is RDF'ing you. Also many people will run it. You can literally not 100% know if it is that cruiser 15km away RDFing you or that unspotted DD. That DD might just be unspotted 30km away. Since you get no direction indicator on the receiving end the information to be gained is insanely minimal. The only real way to counter it is run the perk yourself, wich is stupid. When they removed sit awareness in its old form from the tree and made it standard they obviously wanted to reduce must picks like that. Now they're just introducing a new one.
I laughed way too much at the one with the anime songs.
RDF won't help with any of that though. Another example of something RDF does nothing to fix. The Benson will still stealth fire you do death and you would have already know where he was by the shell tracers.
If a company does a lot of stupid shit a lot of rioting is not a bad thing. All of the things you mentioned were BS so why should people not let them know that they are BS?
Oh sorry i missed that last part. My bad.
I really feel bad for her. If someone rejects you and wants nothing to do with you after the fact you can at least move on. It's way harder when they still tell you that they like you and like you to be around them...
Doesn't he kind of love Irene Adler? It seemed to me that he liked Molly in the little Sister way. (A non psychopathic one)
Didn't he sleep with Magnussens assistant?
Is there any word if it will come out as an E-Book or something like that at a reduced price?
Are they really not shipping to the EU? That makes me a bit sad...
o7
Maybe they could give him some kind of special skill like the seagal?
When i go to checkout and enter my Zip-code for some reason it says shipping unavailable... Any idea why that could be?
Yes but they have no way of knowing what those 80% think because they don't state their opionion. They just play. They don't go on the forums they don't bother with polls. For all WG knows they might hate RDF just as much as the other 20%. WG just assumes that they like it and expect us to believe it without questioning it.
Ah i found the mistake. Confused a number and a letter. My bad :P thanks for responding though :)
That's what i mentioned in the post before. You cannot extract an opinion on a game mechanic from people that don't give feedback if it isn't in the game yet. If that silent percentage only plays the game on the live server there is literally no way WG can have any data on what they think of RDF. Because they have neither followed the discussion, have played with the mechanic or voiced an opinion on it. Stuff like balance can be looked at without polls. Comparing winrates, avg damages and so on. An opinion can not be obtained that way. If you only ever played the live server and never commented online there isn't a single dataset that connects you to RDF. An opinion poll would be the only way to know what you might think about it if all you do is play the live server.
So when they claim they know what the playerbase wants why don't they just release that poll of all people and shut the critics up? For some reason they don't. They just claim that its there and that she should believe it.
You can't just take a Poll of your playerbase and then say "Well that's not what the playerbase thinks!" Especially since there can be no other data on their feelings about the skill. And you can't base it on other data either because all the people that only play have never created a dataset on RDF. If i am doing a Poll on the WOWS webite with the options: "Do you like RDF? Yes or No?" And 80% of people pick No then you can't just "interpret" that really the majority likes it. There is nothing to interpret there. There is no magical brain wave reading data on players opinion about the skill other than that poll. For climate change there are other factors at play, like sun activity and shit like that that you can use to blur the lines. There is no such data in this case. Because the question is a great deal simpler than climate change. You can argue that not everyone participated and therefore it doesn't represent all the players fair enough. But you can't turn around and say that the majority likes it when the Poll indicates 80% hate it. Wargaming just says the majority likes it without even showing us the Poll they used to get that information. But if you are so sure that they have so much information they can use for that i would love to hear and example on what kind of data other than the poll could give an insight what the server population thinks about this skill.
And then there are people like me where the Stepdad makes for a much better father than the one whose sperm i actually developed from.
Also even World of Warships has some humans in the port. So putting them in the garage dusting off the tracks or something definitely wouldn't change the rating.
You should do the Friedrich der Große with friedrichs verse from the epic rap battle of history. https://youtu.be/NVbH1BVXywY?t=1m45s
This shit about updating fucking emojis is exactly the reason i will never let them take my textfaces. Good old :D :) :3 are good enough for me. In general why do we need emoticons for any type of animal or profession? I never see people use those except for bad jokes on the whole emoji topic. Like when was the last time someone sent you the lawyer emoji in whatsapp? I thought those things were meant to help convey emotions so when did turtle become an emotion?
You don't want someone listing all of the events in French, German or British history. Your list is gonna look so puny in comparison. And that's fine. Yur country isn't even 300 years old so how would it have the same history as italy or france? No shame in that.
Honestly i miss seing maps like karelia more often. Its too cramped and all i get it but its a lot more interesting than kursk for example.
It's not a hard map to play it's just boring if you ask me. Sniping at stationary tanks on the other side of the map gets lame pretty quickly.
That's the obvious answer. On the other hand i'd really like to roll around in some of the tier 8-10 ships. They just look a lot cooler most of the time.
You see that's the problem i'm having. I think a game is heavily flawed if the only way to win conistently is wait for the other guy to screw up. Great games allow you to make plays that allow your team to win. However in WoWs there are very few scenarios where you can do it. Almost everytime you put your team at a disadvantage if you try to do something. --&gt; campy gameplay because noone wants to be the one that screwed up.
Everyone follows that advice and we see the result in random battles. Everyone caps because noone wants to be the aggro guy that dies first.
Mostly cruisers and i throw in BBs and DDs for good measure. It's not that i don't know how to do well in a cruiser at that tier or a battleship for that matter. I just get insanely bored when i play carefully in my BBs. I miss the lower tiers where you could sometimes actually pull of a good torpedo rush with your cruisers. It's not just the ships but also the maps if you ask me. I'd take some of the low tier maps over tears of the cruisers any day of the week.
Your second paragraph surprises me. The impression i keep getting is that individual skill really matters less at high tiers. Since everyone is just waiting for someone else to make a mistake instead of making plays all you need to do is hit well. At lower tiers i feel way more capable of actually truning around a game by myself if i manage to take a very good position or something like that. For me the most frustration stems from the maps. Most of the Tier 10 maps are so large and open that the opportunity to make an aggressive play is quite rare.
Teleports behind you...
I mean World of Warships has systems like that. It makes a lot more sense for a warship with repair parties on the ship but gameplay wise it can actually work. While a light might not get as much numerical HP as a Maus it could still mean surviving one more shot during that game. If done right it could work but i'd also prefer it not being a thing.
I also don't quite get the hate. It doesn't make any sense whereas in WOWS it can be explained with damage control parties working but just from a gameplay perspective it can be made to work.
I got a 1000 gold earlier. Nice premium camo for the upcoming ranked season. So far i was lucky. 50k free xp twice and 2000 gold so far.
Wait a second 40 second radar? Is that longer than US radar? Whats the range on that?
While it is a dick move to raid these wargraves i think sooner or later we'll have to. Many of you know about the scuttled High Seas Fleet being salvaged for low backround steel. When those are gone we'll have to get it somewhere else.
I'm just saying eventually these wrecks will be too valuable to not salvage even for the authorities.
When does grave robbing turn into archeology? The analogy is not very fitting i admit but i think it's worth considering what defines a grave. I'm almost certain your house stands above the last resting place of many living things. I usually think of grave robbing as taking something that was put into the grave for the deceased. The ship isn't really a "gift" for the dead but rather their casket. In earth burials the casket would rot wich a ship doesn't. In general this may sound heartless but why does anybody care about a wargrave of that sort other than purely sentimental reasons. For most grave sites there is a secondary use in aiding the decendants to grieve and to commemorate the dead. I don't think ships in the middle of the ocean do any of that. There is probably a monument somewhere on land that actually fullfills that purpose way better. If you look at it practically the dead don't care since they're dead, no decendants would visit the seafloor in the middle of the ocean anyway and it's a waste of a very valuable ressource. I don't like it if people disturb gravesites for the sole reason of it being cheaper. However if it is to aquire low backround steel, wich can't be obtained by other means i'm willing to waive that privilege for the sake of people that are actually still alive and have use for the stuff. Someone could build a chamber for radiomedicine out of that material and save lives instead of it sitting on the ocean floor as food for corals.
While i agree with you that respect for the dead is important, at some point the need of living people for ressources outweighs the need of dead people in my book. I'm all for exhausting ships that were scuttled first but when those stores of uncontaminated steel run out we will have to turn to other sunk ships of the period. At that point i'd argue that a valuable ressource is more important than understanding a battle that happened more than 70 years ago. Understanding that battle might be intresting but it holds no real value to society whereas the ressources do.
I don't see why it shouldn't happen. Let's imagine i'm the grave robber and i just salvaged a ship from the seafloor and i want to make the most profit. Of course i'm gonna sell the low backround steel to people that need that instead of people that just need any sort of steel. Mainly because the guys that need this specific kind of steel will pay more for it.
Seeking the highest profit would however result in you selling the steel to someone that actually needs low backround steel since that guy will pay more for the same tonnage of steel. Is the guy salvaging without permission a dick? Yes! But the steel will probably still be used for important stuff.
Why would someone dupe you to think they're buying it for medical equipment? Like what else are you going to use it for other than geiger counters? Also i would actually agree with the gold teeth thing. Although i think there would be better ways of doing it since people don't randomly get put underground. But honestly why shouldn't we take out the gold from dead peoples teeth? They have zero use for it? Hell it could help pay for the funeral.
I think the market for people being super hyped about Perth parts is fairly small compared to the market for low backround steel. Also i didn't doubt it was for his personal enrichment. I was just saying that even if it is for his personal gain that material is still gonna end up somewhere where it's needed. Also when 40% of the ship is left we're not talking about someone steeling the ships bell. That's probably gone as well but the bulk of the salvaged stuff is armor plating and structual steel.
How would that make any sense? They should still decay and therefore start floating. Also currents would like a word.
I once tried the Narutorun in 6th grade or so (11-12 at the time)... I did it only once but even 10 years later i still cringe...
Holy shit i ran like that once in PE and i still cringe. How have you not gone into witsec or something?
I once heard two girls in the row behind me make a joke at my expense so i turned my Head like an owl, and started laughing like a literal disney villain. The looks on their faces and the reaction of the rest of the class were priceless.
The American Education system sounds like complete shit tbh. You have those Ivy league colleges and all but the ground work seems like trash. When i went to school (until 3 years ago) teachers made their own tests, decided how many and what kinds of tests and only had broad restrictions on what certain grades needed to include as topics. The only standardized test we have here is the final exam of your school career. And even then teachers are provided with a selection of questions of wich they select a required amount so they have some control over the test.
What the fuck is it with "sweet sixteen" in America? Why is that arbitary age such a big deal? Over here we don't even celebrate 18th birthdays like that (wich is an age that actually carries meaning)
All the other kids without their pumped up kicks?
Still weird to me that you don't allow your children to go into a bar till 21 but give them a chunk of metal that weighs several tonnes and can possibly kill other people at 16.
16 to drive in most countries? Almost the entirety of europe has 18 for a full fledged license. I think the driving at 16 is rarer than you think.
What do you think will be better for ranked? This or the Molotov with its tier 9 guns?
You can't seriously claim that a kirov is more of an asset to the team than a budyonny?
Honestly the mode is so shit i don't mind. It's just a worse version of random battles because you're constantly outnumbered so even angling becomes annoying as fuck. Add to that the rng that ruins your BB salvos because fun and engaging and it's a recipe for one of the worst thought out horde modes i've ever played.
Let's just ignore the fact that the rest of the ship is shittier.
LWM changed her Assessment to gudbote. She has a new post up on the degrasse.
Yeah what a dick move to raise the price on a drug that noone wants to improve because only a few thousand people need it, while making sure people still get the drug and in effect only milking the insurance companies, and using the money to develop a new drug with less side effects. I'm sure it would be much better if those people still had to take that decades old malaria medication with severe side effects.
Have you ever actually listened to his side of the story or have you just jumped on the shrkeli is a sociopath bandwagon? You do realize the dude didn't take a salary from that company?
Why would you feel sorry for him? He has enough money as is. It just undermines the idea that he only did the price hike out of greed. Also how is it not capitalism at its worst when a few thousand people have to take shitty drugs because it isn't worth it for a company to develop a better one because of the low price? regardless of how much benefit shkreli got out of it at least those people can get a better drug now that they wouldn't have without his move. You can question the motive all day but the outcome isn't all bad.
Seriously instead of just wipping out the Hitler "i win button" tell me what actual person suffered in that matter? People that couldn't afford the medication got it provided by shkrelis company and people with insurance got it through that. And now they have better meds available to them. How is anyone being hurt except the coffers of the insurances? While that can be seen as damaging the impact of less than 10000 thousand people needing expensive medicine is miniscule compared to the sums of money insurances have to deal in.
If it helps your simple word where everyone that disagrees with you is a nazi sure go ahead with your sad existence.
At that least that hero had to vaguely aim not like the parkinsontreatment that goes by the name winston.
No fucking annoying is what he is. Whatever idiot thought autoaiming heroes need to be in shooters is a fucking moron. Symmetra is just as fucking retarded.
I don't play games only to win the game but also to have fun. And being jumped by a degenerate ape with a pet mercy over and over again is not my idea of fun especially since the guy on the other end might as well be comatose.
I hate boxes with a passion anyway. I got 8 legendaries during the event of wich i will sie exactly one and since Blizzard is so fucking greedy there isn't even a trade in feature for skins you never use. Except for the lucio skin i only got golds for sym, 76, dva and mei. All of those have better looking Standard legendaries that i already own. The only other Thing i Wanted was the Event tracer but instead they gave me the ugly as fuck mach 1 skin. Fuck you Blizzard i'm not buying your fucking designed to milk gambling addicts boxes you greedy fucks. Ever since i saw they were fucking Making profilepictures into loot i knew i'll Never spend Another dime on this greedy fuckfest.
The nerf they did to the lights while they were on the test server was the worst thing they could have done. Noone that actually knows the game wanted it but they went ahead anyway. Just another example of how this company "listens" to the community. They learned nothing from the rubicon disaster. Nothing. There are very few companies that are this fucking bad at communicating with their playerbase.
Never trust anything that is coming from E3. People should have learned that by now.
It literally only has boats. Torpedoboats and such. They only now added destroyers and said those would be the largest type of ship you could control.
Damn that's retarded. Honestly can't be arsed and just uninstalled. I'll go back to CS where the ranking system actually makes a degree of fucking sense and there aren't any characters designed for people with parkinson's.
Same. Kind of disappointed that this weeks reward was the rusky commander though. Only nation where i don't really need a 10 point captain right now...
As much as it is probably a bubble a friend of mine got into them when they were going for 700 and bought a new car when he got out two weeks back. If you got in early and sold at the right time those things made you rich.
I also really like Frost in some other projects he did recently. I liked him in Into the Badlands for example.
iirc he only appears from season 2 though. First season is also good and a bit shorter i think so it won't be suffering until he comes in.
The true evil is our weird system for articles. Ich bin in der Schule (I'm in school) Die Schule brennt (The school is burning) My stepdad's niece is from Australia. She's been living here for 20 years and still gets it wrong a lot.
I think anime is the worst genre to dub. It's just generally so weird and over the top that many western voice actors that are usually tasked with more serious work seem overburdened to me. It doesn't help that some of the translation work is so horribly bad that it makes me cringe every other second. I guess the main problem is that many dubs get shit budgets.
Eh i'd rather have that than horribly executed German. Have you ever seen an anime that uses german lines? It's painful to hear. I prefer a badly done german accent over someone who doesn't speak german butchering the words honestly.
Then again you are immortal so any concept of time is purely arbitrary. 1700 years is probably the same as a day for us if not less. In general arguing about boredom and time is really going nowwhere when you talk about someone immortal.
At some point the whole universe will be filled with Jizz. Can you imagine?
Well you are alive and on earth so just tell them to fuck off.
You could always just whore yourself to a position of power, go from there and switch the whole dominant sex thing around. But then again 2950(?) years without tampons?
German BBs have always had the better HE pen. At least Bismarck and GK did. That also applies to their secondaries. Nothing changed in that regard except for maybe FDG.
I wonder how much damage Saipans DB squadron would do.
Very much true. When i see one in my kongo i always get happy because dev strike incoming no matter what angle.
Nicolai will come back dont worry. They even sold E-25 again in WoT after saying they wouldn't on numerous occasions.
I always wondered. Dont the fuckers just fall asleep at some point? I mean surely even a baby must get tired? Isn't being around him doing stuff keeping him awake? Enlighten me i'm not a parent and don't have siblings so i'd hardly Know.
I always wonder why people forget how well the appeasement stance of England and France worked for preventing WW2. Pleasing and tolerating the shit out of bullies or people that want to harm you doesn't fucking work. It just makes the bullies think they can push it further. Let it escalate enough and you get the monthly American schoolshooting...
That escalated quickly.
I could imagine it being related to the scanning motions our eyes perform when looking at something. They're never quite still i guess that is what we are used to as alive.
So basically House in the earlier seasons cranked up to eleven? But honestly one line from that series stuck in my head. "Would you rather have a Doctor that holds your hand while you die or one that ignores you while you get better?". People don't seem to like the idea that doctors dont care about them as people but if that makes them more objective and effective where is the problem? They can insult me for all i care as long as they save my life.
Better this than god damn OP premiums every other week. Selling skins (even when they are separate tanks) is a way fairer way to make money if you ask me.
