From Newmarket to Streatham, I would get on the M25, cross at Dartford, carry on clockwise, and then go up from the South, completely missing out the centre of London
I just had a look on google map - it's an extra 30 miles, but it would probably be a lot less stressful and quite possibly take less time, depending on time of day
Chances are though, that if the Dartford crossing has heavy traffic, then it would be a time of day when central London would be even worse ... the only time the M25 would be worse is if there were roadworks or closed lanes, but you can check for that before making the commitment
Why have you differentiated between the 'premier league' and its previous name 'first division' of the English league? Are they not the same for the purpose of this kind of statistic?
There's no need to worry, you will gradually get the things you need, as and when you need them ... for an unexpected night time power cut, it's always useful to have a torch and batteries and candles and matches available ... and basic tools like screwdriver and pliers, and a step ladder, and a bucket
I have removed this because it is not counting, it is listing
These types of awards are not simply to decide the most courageous person - it's not even possible to quantify such an abstract and subjective concept - but these awards are an expression of social approval, and therefore very often used as part of a wider agenda, to promote a social movement. For example, if they wanted to promote the acceptance of homosexuality in a society where it was largely disapproved of, they might choose to award a person for being openly homosexual. So here they are making a social statement in support of the political movement which is demanding certain rights for transgender people, and they have found a suitably well known transgender person to bestow the award upon. I would be surprised if they gave the award to a biologically female athlete who is taking a stand against biologically male people being allowed to compete in 'women's' events, and this is how they will show which side they are on and promote their political agenda. So whether or not you think he ''deserves'' the award for actual ''courage'', it might change your view if you think of the award in terms of social approval and the promotion of a political agenda.
Blyth Spartans ... this year they were the lowest ranked team left in the FA Cup when it got to the third round, and they put up a good fight, their fans could be proud of them
I've reported this to the mods because you deliberately lied in your title
387,685
You don't seem to be very familiar with the history of West Ham fans - they have even been racist towards their own players ... racism is found all over the country, and wherever there is racism in the same place as football, there will be racist football fans, and it's not helpful to deny it instead of acknowledging the problem
The way you worded it does very much make it look like you mean ''better than that'' as in ''better than those who are racist'' rather than ''racist but not as badly racist as some others''
You only quoted the first part of the mod post, so that you could misrepresent the mod's opinion and make it look bad
So I ask you a very simple and very basic question, and you claim there is an answer but I would have to pay to read it ... that's not the way to change society
A ''moron'' is a person with a considerably lower learning ability than the average - a person with a mental disability - so if you consider that there are people with university degrees who have expressed concerns about the genetic modification of foods - in what way are they ''morons''? You are just name calling people when you don't agree with them.
But if you make up your own definition of ''moron'' then the view cannot be changed by facts and sound reasoning, because it becomes a circular definition, thus: ''Anyone who doesn't agree with me is a moron, therefore all of these people with different beliefs are morons''.
It depends on so many factors, it would be impossible to know in advance ... that's like asking how would you react if one of your family went to live in another country
You say you're curious, but I doubt if you would believe me, because it doesn't fit into your world view ... also there's this undercurrent to your comments which kind of implies that I should stay silent and let biologically male people have the last word on what it means to be a woman, and that I shouldn't question them when they are seemingly talking nonsense
And what is ''a female neurological body map''? when you get right down to analysing it, you find it has no basis in observable physical reality ... and if you define a person's gender by what hormones they ''prefer'', what about people who are not producing or ingesting hormones? Are they not male or female?
What was what?
There is a lot more to the award than simply figuring out who is the most ''courageous'' athlete ... the award is a symbol of social approval, and an opportunity to bring attention to any social agenda which they are promoting, so they tend to award it to people who have demonstrated behaviours which the award-givers are promoting.
I prefer honest aggression to passive aggression
1) It's interesting that when I join discussions on this subject and disagree with people who share your views, you interpret that as some degree of ''hate'', and yet when you join discussions on this subject and disagree with people, your motives are all noble, to ''educate'' and to stand up for your rights ... you asked why I discuss this subject, but would you believe that I have the same motives as you? I also have a vested interest in correcting the misinformation that people spread around, because I believe that the social changes which some people are advocating for will ultimately be detrimental to biologically female people, and I have seen how biologically female people are being bullied into silence. 2) Many people, both male and female, suffer terribly with depression/anxiety/mood swings/all kinds of mental distress, and we do not know if their brains would function better with a different hormone balance, because it's not as simple as you seem to think, just going to an endocrinologist and trying different hormones ... for most people, quite apart from the health risks, they would be very distressed at the physical changes to their body which the hormones caused ... but for transgender people, of course, they are very pleased with the physical changes to their body, and how can you be sure that *that* is not what is causing them to be happier? 3) Phantom limb syndrome is the feeling that a limb is physically present ... it is not the same as wishing you were the opposite sex. 4) First off, I have heard plenty of biologically female people talk about how they are not at all happy with the suffering that their hormones and reproductive system cause them, and some quite deeply resent being female, and yet they do not wish to be male, and they accept that they are female, so no, your definition wouldn't include them, it would insult them, if you think a woman is someone who feels a certain way about being female. And secondly, we have no idea how each person's brain would have liked being born into a body of the opposite sex ... a person could be totally accepting that they are one sex, and if they had been born the opposite sex with that same brain, they might be totally accepting of that too. And if labels aren't important, what are you doing trying to get people to use different labels for others?
1) I have no idea if I have changed anyone's mind about anything on this subject - certainly not the people who are arguing with me, but I wouldn't expect to ever change their minds, only perhaps give silent readers something to think about. You're right though, that this issue doesn't affect me in my normal everyday life, and it's only online that I argue about it. I argue about a lot of things online, I do enjoy giving myself permission to express my views when others are trying to silence me. I can tell you the incident which drew me into taking notice of this issue: I have never been very interested in feminism, but I was curious about what was causing such a major rift in the feminist subreddits, and I went to one of the many new 'true feminist' subreddits to ask about it ... I was told that some feminists don't accept transgender women as 'real women' and in an effort to try to resolve the problem, I very naively made a comment which I thought would be a starting point which everyone could agree on: ''There's a difference between transgender women and women who were born female'' ... I know now of course how naive this was, to think they would agree with that, but at the time I was shocked at the amount of hostility it incurred - I was called ''asshole'' by a moderator of the subreddit, and by the end of the day I was banned. It intrigued me, partly because I find the concept of gender identity interesting, and partly because I started to discover a rather disturbing new movement within feminism ... it disturbed me to think that feminist forums are being taken over by biologically male people, and that biologically male people are bullying biologically female people into silence, and that biologically male people are kicking biologically female people out of ''women's'' forums if they dare to question the new gender politics. So while it doesn't affect my normal everyday life in the real world, it disturbs my mind in the internet world, knowing that these extremists are taking over feminism and that it will eventually affect the real world, to the detriment of biologically female people ... and you're right, the transsexist agenda is happening and will continue to happen whether or not I argue about it online. But I still enjoy giving myself permission to express my views when others are trying to silence me. 2) I think you misunderstood this - you asked me to do some soul searching and tell you where my feelings about my body image came from, and I told you - I was speaking for myself, I wasn't trying to imply that this is the same for anyone else. Maybe you could go back and read that paragraph again, knowing that I was speaking only for myself, and not imposing anything on you, and it might read very differently. Clearly we both have a very different feeling about where our ''gender identity'' came from, and I think it is quite possible that one's sense of gender *can* arise from different sources - a combination of innate feeling and learned view, with varying ratio of each factor in different people ... there's no way of knowing how either of us would have felt if we had been born the opposite sex, so it remains speculative and probably impossible to imagine. 3) It doesn't matter *why* some biologically female people don't like being female, the point is that your definition of 'woman' doesn't comfortably include them, it pushes them out to the fringes of womanliness in your view, and that is not a satisfactory definition, especially when you start hinting that they might not really be women in your world view, if they are less than happy with their reproductive organs. 4) If your definition of a 'female brain' is 'the brain of a person who thinks they should be female' then you are using circular reasoning to use David Reimer as some kind of support for your assertion, because it boils down to ''the brain of a person who thinks they should be female thinks they should be female'' ... there's no such thing as a 'female brain' outside the definition ''brain of a biologically female person''. One thing which would totally change my mind on that is if they discovered that it was possible to examine a brain and tell what gender the person would identify as, but so far all the studies have suggested that this is not the case - if a brain expert looked at a brain, they would not be able to tell what gender identity the person has. Biologically speaking, if a person is born male, then they have a male brain.
The distances between clubs would be too far ... it's already a bit too much of a trek when Sunderland play Southampton, for example
different culture
It looks like you have been shadowbanned by the admins, so all your posts automatically go into the spam filter ... you might like to contact the admins and ask them to investigate why you were shadowbanned.
\*gasp\* is that *THE* Rick Sparks, world famous stand up comedian and part time internet hate-stalker? I'm overwhelmed with your flattery
No, that's just as bad
I have removed this submission because it is not counting
It looks like a Juventus fan has a girlfriend who is expecting to give birth any time from now, and he is worried he might miss the match
That was a gloriously hilarious bit of projection, maybe you can seek me out in another few years and we will see if you have got it yet :)
I'm watching the parallel competition going on here: Who will win the contest to get the top Match Thread! Contenders are off at a good pace, jostling for position as they come to the first bend
They were even born in perfect formation
Yeah I just tried checking results and it's down at the moment ... winning numbers are 5, 8, 10, 11, 37 (stars 7, 9) raffle LZD367111
I haven't watched more than a few seconds of women's football, it hasn't grabbed my attention ... is it my imagination, or do you think a disproportionately large percentage of female footballers have long hair?
I like Bran Flakes, but maybe it's the brand you are eating - what brand are they? I only like Kellogg's, and once I tried Sainsbury's own brand and they were quite unpleasant in comparison, like shredded cardboard
It could work, or maybe just sitting there looking dejected with a red and sweaty face
This required some racking of brains, to include jeans which haven't actually been worn for several decades, as well as current favourites ... I think it's about 5 pairs, possibly 6
Salvation Army do a lot of good work, providing food and shelter for those who are mentally unable to organise government welfare assistance for themselves
They were only fit and strong due to regular physical exercise, and the male's average height was less than 170cm ... how tall are you?
It's against the rules because I wasn't challenging your fundamental view, but possibly bolstering it ... I've been in trouble with the mods before over this very act of 'challenging part of a view' which doesn't challenge the core of it ... they explained that I can't correct people's misunderstandings of biology, even if it would change their view of biology.
It's probably not obvious when you are actually standing on the pitch - you have to see it from distance - so they probably wouldn't have noticed
[Manchester Kitty](http://orig08.deviantart.net/336d/f/2009/086/e/7/hello_kitty___man_utd_badge_by_housewave.png)
Except that transgender people generally have brains which are more typical of their own biological sex, by most measurements
Parents usually buy clothes which have plenty of growing room in ... also just remembered something else: having to allow time for the tedious job of sewing a name tag in every single item of clothing
Unless he scores in the 90th minute
I could spend all day listing the potential disasters which would result from this, and obviously you don't care about what happens to *other people*, but here's one which might affect you personally, which might make you think twice: it is becoming an increasing problem that, due to the widespread prescribing of antibiotics, there are infections which are becoming resistant to the antibiotics which are available ... if people are able to buy antibiotics whenever they like, there will be millions who use them when they don't really need them, due to ignorance, and the problem will become much worse, and one day *you* might suffer a horrible infection which is resistant to antibiotics.
I don't think education would solve the problem, but I suppose that is now a matter of speculation since I can't prove it.
A bigot is 'a person who holds a fixed opinion and is intolerant of other opinions' - therefore it is quite possible for a person to hold racist and sexist views while being tolerant of those who do not agree with them. Being racist and sexist is not, in itself, the definition of bigotry.
A person's userpage doesn't show their subreddits which are private or banned
But isn't that exactly what they are advocating, that anyone can use any rest room?
But have you seen anyone advocating that there should be segregation of rest rooms into male and female gender identity rather than non-segregation?
I've never liked claret and blue together - it would be nice if they got a new colour scheme when they move to the new stadium ... if I was in charge they would get a gorgeous dark red kit
406,427
Yes, I agree - quite apart from the football team colours, the blue just looks better in its own right
You're on the watchlist now
They sell far more than just groceries, if you go to a big one
OK so it's the actual breastfeeding ... so if you watch a documentary about an African tribe where everyone is naked above the waist at all times, can you explain why you feel that the women should not be breastfeeding their babies in public?
It's ok, there's a lot of evidence to suggest that he isn't really a Man Utd fan, he's just playing a character, and doesn't believe anything he says
Do you really not understand how people will be offended by being subjected to such a humiliating and degrading judgement?
Some of them do
I wasn't sure what to do - whether to call for everyone to edit their numbers or whether to delete them - so since it was only a few numbers I deleted them, but I can call for an edit in future if you think it's the best thing :)
I love that programme but I always miss it because I'm in the kitchen washing dishes - husband keeps calling me to come and look at all these brilliant sheds
First of all, it's very rude to accuse me of downvoting your post and then to edit that out of your post when I ask you why you accused me, without an apology or an explanation. Secondly, to address the topic: I'm asking if any kind of soccer-football can be said to be ''huge'' in the USA, when you compare those viewing figures to over 100 million viewers of the Super Bowl ... I would say the Super Bowl is ''huge'' in the USA.
S
At the age of 19, got a joint mortgage with my partner, we bought a house
We did it in 1982 ... all you need now is a time machine haha
You are spreading misinformation - this story of the BSTc region of the brain is pseudo-science, based on a misinterpretation of the summary of a tiny study ... you cannot tell a person's gender identity by measuring the BSTc, and if you look at the table of individual results, you will see that some of the trans women were more ''male'' than some of the men if you use that as your measure. The only people who believe your ''trans science 101'' are people who don't understand how real science works and/or people who don't bother investigating the real science behind your claims.
That is circular reasoning, as well as being incredibly rude, and my above comment applies to you too, and anyone else who uses obscene name calling instead of sound reasoning \*EDIT: and downvotes don't make me agree with any of you either ... if all you've got is obscenities and downvotes, it doesn't look good for whatever views you are promoting
This is a rather convoluted way of asking which is the best team of 12 year olds
Only if you think ''disagreeing with extremists'' is ''shitting on'' anyone ... and even if it's not a formal debate, I still won't change my view if someone presents their view in a form which does not withstand reasonable questioning
Thanks for reporting it, folks, the bot has now been ejected from the premesis :)
I've never heard a story where that was the case, that they were happy with the gender role assigned to them while being unhappy with their sexual organs.
Yes, you only pay if you own a TV receiver.
My sources are pretty much the same as your sources - we have probably both seen the same studies - but you have misunderstood the summaries, while I have examined the tables of individual results, when they are available, and also taken into consideration that most of the brain structures which were measured were typical of the transgender person's biological sex. Every study supports what I said: there has been no brain structure found which correlates with gender identity. A brain expert cannot look at a brain and tell what gender the person would identify as.
If that is your only claim, then it is not incompatible with what I am claiming, we can both be right - but then what is your point?
T
Surely you can answer your own question then - the answer could be as simple as ''I don't want to, I prefer different artwork as my screen background'' ... I have never used photographs of people as my screen background, I simply don't like the look of it
How did it come about that there is a rift in the Watford supporting on reddit?
I don't know if that is totally accurate though - I have heard that there are families with both Liverpool and Everton fans who go to the local derby matches and sit together and enjoy friendly rivalry ... people are getting upvoted there for saying you have to hate your rivals to be a proper supporter, but I don't agree
No - I can admire players from all different teams, but it doesn't make me support that team
Yeah, of course people say I'm short, but I've always assumed they are affectionately joking ... like when my son towers over me and says ''You're so *short!!*'' ... it's not like I'm really too short for this world, only relatively short
Not really, the principle is the same - friendly rivalry and being happy for your rivals
I wouldn't say that little exchange counts as ''drama'' ... they both made valid points, and got a bit hostile, and that was the end of it
It was an invitation to tell us what you are celebrating, but you took it literally, so I'll try again: For those of us who don't follow American politics, what are you celebrating?
Thank you for the info :)
Hang on, I thought they made it legal in the UK ages ago?
Yes, I got that already, but never mind, I won't ask what exactly you are talking about any more, a couple of others have explained it to me
I really liked Palace's away kit last season, the yellow and light blue, but this one is also good, very smart :)
There is no line of reasoning which logically goes from same sex marriage to polygamy, as long as marriage is defined as the union of two people ... I think the next logical step would be to legalise sibling marriage, because there is no longer any argument left against it if marriage is 'the union of two consenting adults'.
Oh well I wasn't trying to claim that ours isn't strange ... I'll just be over here, sitting in this hole that I'm digging
I used to enjoy it until Adam Hills started turning into Jeremy Kyle ... he seems to get more smug and self-righteous with every show now ... went off the show last series when WBC called his bluff and he chickened out of the deal he threw at them
It's looking good so far - I particularly like the central water area with trees all around ... you will probably find that the areas will naturally start to blend when you fill them in with rides and scenery ... you could make the shape of the red-rock area on the right a bit more blended by extending the left side of it into a curve which goes into the gap behind the hut - it's a bit square at the moment while the other areas are nicely curved
If I want to wear anything which is rainbow coloured or has a rainbow on it, and if anyone assumes anything about my political views because of it, then I consider that to be *their* error, not mine. The LGBT political movement can only own the rainbow if you allow them to.
Ah that's interesting, how that happened - yes, I'm looking forward to seeing the bright yellow and green crests all over the subreddit next season - and looking forward to getting me a Bournemouth crest! I'm not a proper fan, but was quietly cheering for them all last season and got so excited when they got promoted for the first time ever :)
So do you think there will be any negative consequences for your current lack in your religious practices?
So if you believe that you can do whatever you like with no negative consequences, why would you bother to ever follow any of the religious practices?
We went on holiday a couple of weeks ago, a few days at Center Parcs, and I fulfilled my dream to go on the Tropical Cyclone ride - a water flume where you sit in a dinghy and it goes almost vertical as it slooshes around the tube - it was brilliant fun, and no queue so we went on it 5 times :D
And what do you think happens to non-muslims who try to be good people - do they also get to heaven?
S
I've never thought about that before, since I have always known where I am on the map when I first get on the train, but now you mention it, I suppose it would be useful for tourists and anyone who isn't familiar with the system ... maybe you could suggest it to their head office
It's not really an erroneous generalisation when I said ''usually'' which allows for those who are older, and then you go on to actually agree with me that redditors are very often in their 20's ... but fair enough, I've edited my comment because technically, yes, they were alive while Labour was in government, although I still maintain that they don't remember why it's not good to allow Labour control of government
Is that their new kit? That red is gorgeous :)
Have you managed to catch any part of the lyrics? Even a few words could be useful
There's not one answer which fits that general situation - it depends on many things, such as the relationship between the child and the grandmother - would the child be devastated to come home to find they missed the funeral of a beloved grandparent, or would they be grumpy at being dragged away from camp to attend the funeral of someone they hardly knew?
People - millions and millions of people everywhere - crowded roads, crowded trains, crowded shops, crowded everything - and pollution, and noise, and crime, and lack of trees
We don't have a container, we just throw it all in a heap, and when plants grow out of it, I dig them out and throw them on the top to dry out ... we always have potato plants growing from the peelings which I throw on it
How about simply whoever is most improved from last season, based on each person's final points score minus their last season's final points score
This season we have [a rather gorgeous deep red kit](http://fantasy.premierleague.com/entry/23722/history/)
That was fantastic, thank you!
And it's Hi Ho Sheffield Wednesday at 29 minutes
Your streams have been fantastic today, thank you :)
Last season I was wondering what the title of the music was which Burnley played after a goal - I recognised the tune but didn't know the title - I found a forum where some people were discussing it and someone was complaining about it - someone else repled ''Don't worry, you won't have to hear it much this year'' haha
When and how did this alleged rivalry with Spurs get started? The first I heard of it was in this subreddit
But why Spurs in particular, and not Arsenal or Crystal Palace or Charlton?
The players or the fans, or both?
I haven't encountered a huge crowd of Spurs supporters, no, but I can imagine that a club of that size would attract some troublemakers, just like the other big clubs like Chelsea and Arsenal - and West Ham itself also has a long history of attracting troublemakers - that's why I ask, why Spurs in particular?
perhaps even hiding it from yourself
I can't believe that is true of *any* club
Once again I agree with you - it's a tiny minority - I suppose I don't like to see people encouraging others to hate total strangers and adding fuel to a fire which hurts innocent people - tribalism isn't fun when people start getting hurt
Perhaps I should explain the context of my question: a few weeks ago an American came in and asked what they should know to be a fan or something similar like this OP, and someone said that all you need to do to be a fan is to hate Spurs ... I took issue with them, and several others got quite angry with me for suggesting that one can support a team without hating anyone ... so this question to you kind of follows on from that, asking why *you* think of Spurs in particular as your rival - is it because someone told you that and you never questioned it?
I think it's the word ''State'' which they apply the ''so-called'' to, not the ''Islamic'' part, to denote that it's not recognised as an official state
The title was rather misleading - when one says ''The first [whatever] person in the Premier League'' it kind of implies they are talking about players ... I clicked the article, intrigued to know what player they were talking about. ''Oh look, it says here *Premier League's First Dwarf*'' ''Wow, what position does he play?'' ''Oh, he sells pies at half time''
I'm pretty sure I've used that word, like ''These tea bags are Tescos's own brand''
Very misleading title: he was not in court for performing the song, he was in court for ''unlawfully going on to an area where football spectators are not allowed''
It will be worth it, when you have a huge stash of tea bags and can snuggle up with your nice hot cup of tea ... ah, go on, go on, go on
If a person is born with normal testes, they are biologically male
The problem with that is that it prioritizes the issues of biologically male people over the issues of biologically female people
So the only way to know for sure is to work out what the final score would have been if that transfer wasn't made at that time, taking into account all other transfers, as they were and as they would have been, for the rest of the season
Depending on where/how you watch the documentaries, there are often added bits at the end of the documentary where they show how the episode was filmed, and I find it as interesting as the actual documentary
No, the story goes that the wife already knew about his ''transgender'' feelings, so there must be more to it than that - there must have been something he wanted to do which she found unacceptable - and considering what he does now that he is free, it's pretty safe to assume he already had some sick fantasies before he left.
There are situations where mixed sex is detrimental to biologically female people - perhaps the most serious is when housing prisoners - I believe that biologically female prisoners should have the right to be housed separately from biologically male prisoners. And talking of which, it is not fallacious to say that transgender women are a sub section of the biologically male group - contrary to what you said, most males would agree that transgender women are biologically male, they do not 'reject them from the male group' and even if they did, it would make no difference to the needs of biologically female people.
Yes trans people are a minority - I mean that I am refuting your use of 'minority' as an argument for getting what you want - would that not be a 'Tyranny of the Minority' argument?
It's not me who is changing my mind back and forth, it's you.
No, I'm just calling you out on your faulty reasoning, and it looks like you have realised how your argument has crumbled, so we are finished now, unless you want to try to answer the challenge
No, a developing human being is not the same as a tumour ... when you think of the time line of your own life, do you assign an arbitrary point in your development where you suddenly became a developing human being? I believe your life as 'you' began at the moment of conception.
I answered the question very clearly - the question regarding biology - why do you want to drag this entire discussion away from the definition of male and female and onto a completely different subject?
There is a massive flaw in your logic though, if you think that the only logical conclusion is that a person must be against abortion if they regard the foetus as a developing human being ... is that what you think?
Actually, I do understand human tribal behaviour - just because I say that people don't have to behave like that, doesn't mean I don't understand why they do ... do you not agree that individuals have the ability to intellectually think about their behaviour and overcome their primitive instincts?
old enough - born in 1963
Welcome to the pubreddit, Molerus :)
You have no idea what I'm ''trying to display'' though ... I make no claims of superior intelligence ... and yes, I'm old enough to be as immature as I like and to not feel compelled to please strangers on the internet :)
I'm just enjoying the opportunity to express my views - why would I want to ingratiate myself with people like you who are so rude and unpleasant?
It's a coded message for the stewards
And what if someone assaults a female-born woman just because she is female? Is that not just as bad? Is that not intimidation and silencing of females? Is that not deserving of the same punishment? And if GC feminists are supportive of your right to wear the same clothes etc as females are allowed to wear, it is a *very* twisted logic which concludes that they are to blame for you being sacked - your line of reasoning makes no sense - just because they are not supportive of mixed sex toilet facilities does *not* mean they are supportive of separate dress codes for males and females.
The problem there is that we already have greater than 99% accuracy of telling a person's gender identity from looking at their biological sex, which means that a person's gonads are a more reliable indicator of their gender identity than their brain is.
So if you agree that it *is* just as bad to assault a non-transgender person as it is to assault a transgender person, why are you asking for special extra punishments for assaults on transgender people? And I'm not familiar with American law, but if the potential new law was presented in such a way that the only way GC feminists could oppose mixed sex toilet facilities was to also uphold the existing separate male and female dress codes, then it is not their fault, it is the fault of the people who composed the potential new law, isn't it? It looks like you are blaming the wrong group.
I think these colours are beautiful :)
If you went to school, then you were certainly treated differently depending on which sex you were perceived to be - I think the only way a person could totally escape the gender-socialization process is if no-one can figure out what sex they think that person is
Even if you were not a typical child for your perceived sex, you would still be treated as a child of that sex ... for example, if a little male child likes dressing up in princess outfits and dancing around in ballet shoes, the adults around him will still treat him like 'a boy who likes dressing up' ... they might say to each other ''Oh how cute, I wouldn't be surprised if he turns out gay'' ... he will still get the message that his behaviour is unusual, while a female child would get comments about her like ''Oh she's a typical girl''
Ok, that's why I was asking where you got the info from, because I haven't seen it
Of course it is! if you are doing something and you don't really want to be doing it, you are reinforcing that it ''has to be done whether you like it or not''
OK, no, you misunderstood me - I'm saying that most males in the women's room are harmless, and if she is perceiving them all as equally disturbing, then her intuition could do with some fine tuning ... I'm saying that some are more disturbing than others, and it's useful to develop a sense of who is harmless and who is dangerous, rather than assuming that every male is dangerous and calling security guards for every male who walks in
I'm not criticizing you for upholding gender norms though - where did I do that? I'm criticizing you for *claiming that it is not your intention to do it* while you are doing it.
You obviously don't know what 'bigoted' means either.
It's creating the illusion of being the opposite sex, and deliberately leading people to believe that they *are* the opposite sex.
Not necessarily, it depends whether they are using it to deceive or being honest about it.
One cannot literally become the opposite sex, only create the illusion of being the opposite sex.
How is it rude or hostile to say that I'm reporting someone for name calling at me?
How would I know how many do it? If they do it, then they are doing it, that's all that is relevant to this discussion, not how many or what percentage do it.
We are going round in circles here.
Right, so have you finally admitted that a person *can't* change their biological sex?
Until recently, they used to have photos of the view from each section, but they don't seem to have that now - although it's not really necessary, since it's obvious where the best view is as long as there are no obstructions
Oh wheepete, you did make me laugh :D I'm really looking forward to this, hoping to be able to find a stream so I can watch a bit of it - it could be a great game if both sides are on good form
But that's a circular definition - if a female is 'someone who is perceived as female' then there is no definition. And what if a woman is biologically female, with a female reproductive system, and she is perceived as male - does that mean she *is* male?
Well your classification causes problems for people who do not meet your standards of appearance. While you are busy bending reality to accommodate transgender people, you are causing problems for people who are *actually* female and *actually* male who do not wish to be classified as the opposite sex.
If someone is born with no gonads, they are biologically neuter, intersex ... and I don't think anyone is born with both...? And now you are doing a full U turn on your previous classification system and saying that a person is *not* classified as male or female based on their appearance, but you still don't seem to think there's anything wrong with your definition, even when it crumbles at the first challenge.
6.45pm - teams announced - They've got Afobe in the starting line-up already!
\*looks around\* Who, me - nah mate, must be someone else
haha I could hardly hate you for pointing out that Bournemouth concede a lot of goals - sometimes when choosing a captain for my fantasy team I just look to see who Bournemouth are playing - wishing I had captained Payet this week
So it took you 5 days to come up with an answer, and all you could come up with was a jumble of words which make no sense - are you under the influence of psychoactive substances?
I think you can have laws which cover the basics of protecting people from harm - it can be illegal to cause harm to others - in your example, it could be illegal to roll people down hills without their consent - it can be illegal to vandalise other people's property and other such basic common sense laws to protect everyone from being abused. Beyond that, of course there has to be compromise - people can still be allowed to voice their opinions regarding morality, as long as they don't incite harm against those who disagree with them.
There is nothing which can done in law to make a minority group not a minority group - all the law can do is protect them from harm.
It's not a problem with understanding your vocabulary, it's the way you throw the words onto the page in a way which makes no sense as a reply to the thread. Also, I don't think a person's vocabulary is necessarily broadened by whether or not they spend time speaking to people in person or online, so once again your logic is massively flawed.
Once again, flawed logic: Person A: ''You're wrong because genes memes custard creams morning dawning frogwash in the advancement zone.'' Person B: ''You are not making any sense.'' Person A: ''If all you can say is 'makes no sense', then that reading comp speaks for itself.''
You can decide to accept a certain number of Green refugees, then you can protect them in the same way as any other citizen is protected, and you can require them to follow the same laws.
But just because a group are *claiming* to be discriminated against, doesn't mean it *would* be intolerant to forbid them from harming people: ''We recognise it is your custom to stone homosexuals to death, but if you wish to live in our country, you must abide by our law which forbids you from harming others.'' Being ''tolerant'' does not have to include being tolerant of harming others, it only needs to include being tolerant of harmless cultural practices. Thank you for the delta :)
I'm not saying that this particular article contains errors, but in general they are a terrible source of info - they regularly use misleading titles, inaccurate and even false info, and twist the story to promote an agenda. I don't know how you can formulate your second question from me saying that. It's like asking ''You think the Daily Mail is a poor source of info? Or do you just want to ignore terrorism?''
I know that the news media has a habit of putting forward stereotypes, but in every story I have read about a transgender child, there is mention of the child desiring clothes and haircuts which are the social norm for the opposite sex - I have never seen an article about a child who claims to be the opposite sex who rejects the social norms of that sex - has anyone here seen a story of a little boy who earnestly claims to be a girl and who insists on having short hair and who hates wearing dresses?
Apparently there have been only two seasons of the Premier League when all 3 promoted clubs stayed up - 2001–02 Fulham, Blackburn Rovers and Bolton Wanderers and 2011–12 Queens Park Rangers, Norwich and Swansea
Dammit I didn't even realise there was a MOTD on until it was too late ... but on the bright side, now I can watch it when it comes out on iplayer and fast forward through the chat
I think the phrase was used by the translator - he made the video in French - and his comment about St James's Park seemed to be referring to how some other teams had had difficulty there - he mentioned Man Utd
So many flat caps!
It could perhaps be parents who can't bear the thought of their dead child being carved up for spare parts ... even when a child reaches the age of legal adulthood, the parents often still have that feeling of parental protection towards their offspring ... it's not so much about the appearance of the corpse, it's about that feeling of protection lingering while the body is still warm and the death has not yet been emotionally processed
Some parents take comfort from the thought of others benefitting and perhaps even having their lives saved by the organs of their child, but some parents are too overwhelmed by the thought of their child being carved up for spare parts and they can't take any comfort in putting the feelings of strangers ahead of their own feelings in that moment
Maybe no-one thought Daggers stood a chance - they always want the chance of the lower league team winning to make it an exciting match
It really made me laugh the other day when I came in and saw the Bournemouth vs West Ham pre-match thread was titled 'The moonflower derby' haha - and what a great game it turned out to be too!
Yes you could live quite comfortably on 34,000 in London, especially if you live in the suburbs
Yes, exactly, they are not free to ''tell it how they see it'' ... I'm not saying your rules should be changed, I'm just offering an alternative venue for debate where comments are only removed for being abusive and not for strict language rules
If you scroll down to the bottom of the linked page, there's a table of what the league would look like if he had been correct with all his predictions, and the points difference to what it actually is - the only team he was more wrong with was Leicester
It's got off to a good start - lots of discussions
You seem to have missed the point of this entire subreddit
Where is the racism in a joke about the disproportionate number of mixed race couples in adverts?
You said that already, but you still haven't explained *how* it's racist
I'm sure you could find plenty of examples of the type of mothers as described, and meanwhile you are less likely to meet the hard working mothers because they are too busy taking care of their kids and their homes to sit around complaining about their husbands. Even if you found a million examples, it still does not mean that the job of mother is inherently easier than the job of father.
No, not quite ... I will try to explain using a hypothetical example: if every nurse portrayed on TV was male, wouldn't it be rather ridiculous? And if someone complained about it, would they be sexist?
No - example compared to example - because one could also find examples of where the mother works harder than the father.
I believe there are some *average* differences between male and female brains, but for every brain structure which has been studied, there has been found some degree of overlap in the individual results, which means that a brain expert cannot look at a brain and tell what gender the person would identify as - although they can tell with a high degree of accuracy what sex the person is
haha yeah this week has been a bit of a disaster so far - used the Bench Boost chip and got a grand total of 10 extra points to make 39! Still got 3 more players to play tomorrow night though - half a dozen goals from Ighalo and a clean sheet from Watford should do it ... anyway I congratulate you for triple captaining Aguero :)
