1. Cro 2. Taco 3. Vermette Honorable mention: Steeger Honorable mention 2: Timmonen
I would trade the confusion in Philly for the sheer anger and white trashedness of Boston. If anyone has a video of those guys from the stands during the 17-second spurt in 2014 that would be something I have been chasing down.
KaneGB is exponentially better than AK72 or whatever was floating around. Good work
I haven't checked in a while, but just want you to know that my directv went out as Matt Albers doubled advanced to third and scored the Go-ahead run.
I think Rose worked out for the Bulls. He just had some unfortunate health, family, organizational, big-3, Boozer, Gasol, Hamilton countless other issues that didn't get the Bulls to the Championship. He played a major part of those shortcomings, but to compare Derrick Rose to the lifeless, entitled Gordon Beckham or to Joe Borchard is ridiculous. It's hard to compare Derrick Rose to anyone on the Sox, but if I would have to, it would have to be Magglio Ordonez. Maggs was far and away the Sox best player for 4 or 5 years when some injuries shortened his White Sox career where he was able to pick up and move on to one of the team's biggest rivalries. I hate the Tigers, but was extremely happy to see Maggs send tha team into the World Series... only after we had won one ourselves. Unfortunately, the Bulls don't have a post-Rose plan like the Sox had a post-Maggs plan and Brett Lawrie should hit a line drive off of both GarPax kneecaps.
Longest nine inning MLB game was 4-45. Dont know when the puck dropped officially here, but we have got a chance.
Was working. Thought it was 12:05. The seven pitch breeze through the heart of our order would have put that to bed.
The exact opposite of framing a pitch
Sure mismanaged pen but bases loaded none out should be at least two runs.
Maybe this goes long enough that we miss garPax fuck up the draft tonight?
Why is Lawrie looking for an appeal?
Shouldn't be indifference, should be ignorance.
That's a total of two pitches.
Just clearing cap space for melo, lebron, wade, Kobe, grant hill Tim Duncan and Tracy mcgrady
Rick Bucher.
q-WIN-tana is my favorite mispronunciation
You sounded like dirty Harry there.
He won more games than Mike Price.
Oh to be young and not know the pain of Zook.
Have the Sox had a pitcher train at APEC? I'm not sure I like seeing a guy exert himself like this for the sole purpose of seeing how he can light up a gun in a non-baseball exercise. The Sox, under Cooper and Co. have had pretty good success of getting pitchers to throw a lot of innings and avoid long stints on the DL and I threw up a little bit in my mouth watching this.
Not saying it's not a standard exercise. My concern is why is there a dude in the background freaking out about the velocity? It's that mentality that leads to injury. If it's happening on that drill, it's happening on other drills and in the weight room. I did a quick search on YT and found a video featuring our prospect working out with Josh Tomlin and Nick Rumbelow down at APEC. Not sure when that video was shot but both of those guys have gone through major surgeries in the last two years or so. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=wPeffiUGKPQ
You and all the other downvoters are right. Probably nothing to be concerned about with a guy who has already been suspended for a banned stimulant and works out with this group trying to get a viral following for a 110-MPH non-pitch.
What is a super cause for concern?
it's a beautiful name for a boy or a girl. Especially a girl. Or a boy.
isn't it 2017 now?
How can they survive a rebuild? I'd love to see some new faces. Starting with these two.
Losers find a way to lose. Niko finds a way to make sure that it happens.
I don't have the stats in front of me because I'm texting and driving, but this team has to be the worst 3 point defense
Hoiberg is talking about three threes. They hit 17 of 30.
Shocked to see middle of the pack.
From this tweet it would appear that our real problem is the Lord and Savior baby Jesus recruiting kids away from UF. We either need to flip Gods only son who died on the cross for our sins to start working for us, or just wait around for Him to commit a recruiting violation.
I hate to sound too much like fuhrer Trump, but I think SNL is a disgrace. They have 734 cast members and not one of them is talented enough to carry a sketch or weekend update. As a young comedic actor, being on that show is your opportunity to become a household name with your characters, impersonations and writing ability. They've got one guy who plays Putin by taking his shirt off and very little else. If I were a cast member, I would be livid that an established celebrity steals the spotlight every week and marginalized my performance. Not as a host but as a guy who lives in the neighbourhood. I know they regard Alec Baldwin as a honorary cast member, but he's being a "rude, thoughtless little pig" in this manner. There is absolutely no edge to the show anymore as they continue to pander to a mainstream sentiment and have no time to hurt anyone's feelings. If Phil Hartman had lived to see the end of Clinton's administration, I seriously doubt he would have had a sobby thank you and goodbye tribute like they performed for Obama. Peace and love.
It's sad to see, but even Dr. Rush will have to admit, parking and home football games had nothing to do with the failed business. They simply bit off more than they can chew and overextended themselves. They had a closet on University Drive for 25 years and sublet a church for another 10. They tried to become Uncle Moe's Family Feedbag and this is what happens.
Gangster talk- right right?
That is one of the worst post moves I've ever seen.
The 90-91 Lakers team was awful. Especially after the attrition they suffered. I think Worthy and Scott missed multiple games. It's impossible to compare LeBron's opponents to Jordan's because it's a almost a different sport. There are certain players who transcend generations. There's no doubt that LeBron and Michael could play during any era but no one can tell if these warriors would be dominant because before the​ rules changes. That's what makes Duncan's accomplishments even more impressive since he started having to deal with Kobe and Shaq and then they would eventually have to compete with the super teams and the three and "d" specialists.
Whose rules are we playing? The 90s and today are two totally different games.
97 heat team was stacked and didn't have a chance. What Rodman did to Zo was Hannibal Lector level.
I'm not sure, but I think Timmy passed on to the Lord during this time too.
Both are trash. But, chain smokers make blackies look like the rolling Stones. They are an iHeartRadio fabrication that are only popular due to incessant air time. Try turning on your radio now. Howard is now just a part of a Sirius junket. I imagine the Chainsmokers were just in the building that day and stopped in the studio as part of the tour. Im offended by the booking of this guest.
I don't like the Goo Goo Dolls, but they were one of the biggest bands on earth in late 90s early 00s. Every song they put out went to number one or close to it, it seemed. Even still, Howard only had them on the show if they played in front of their gay dance party. The Goo Goo Dolls didn't need Howard Stern to promote their record or their show, but they made the appearance any way. It's just not fun. It's not funny.
The only redeeming quality of Sharia law is that participation in softball is punishable by death. There is more sportsmanship in the blue whale project than in softball. However, I can only blame the umpire for what happens. He just stands behind the plate like a tit while the remarkably short manager conspires with his team for over a minute. If you don't break up that huddle after a ten count youre asking for trouble. The classiest move by the manager is him obviously telling his ladies to wait another 10-15 seconds after he returns to the dugout to break in order to build the appearance that he had nothing to do with it and the team went rogue.
Isnt he just having second thoughts? Doesn't look like a Draymond move. Looks like me whenever i go up in the lane and realize I'm totally fucked.
Maybe he coaches Oklahoma football instead?
When I was your age there was a super star on every team. The dream team only had two sets of teammates. 96 only had one in Stockton and malone. Not a perfect way to measure, but just an illustration.
Keep your chin up. One door closes another always opens. Just make sure not to kill anyone with that door.
One of the worst home run calls in baseball history. C-ya??? That's what you came up with? But even still, not even the worst home run call in that hallway.
And it's horrible.
Not really. After his NFL career he was hired at my sister's company. ** Quit after his first month with the company. Sorry I lived in Boston at the time and I didnt have regular conversations with my sister, so I think I made up my own story. Much like Fox and CNN will do. The fundamentals are all the same though. Hired. Unreliable. Left after short period of time.
I don't remember. This was five or six years ago. I think he was on Twitter at the time. So no need for alarm. Not saying he wasn't a great player for us, I just wanted to play devil's advocate re: his reliability.
No one over the age of 13 throws share. **Shade
To play?
He'll have no trouble moving his furniture to anywhere but here
HIV positive? Please tell me it is HIV positive.
Are you saying Niko, Payne and MCW isn't a super team?
No one saw that he compared himself to Todd Frazier in this interview?
Avisail Garcia has been better at baseball this year than the previous years he's played for the White Sox.
https://i.ytimg.com/vi/BjHK2Uczq7o/maxresdefault.jpg Preview of the kid's baseball card.
Callis treated Our Chuck much more civilly than Keith Law.
The entire Law interview oozes with pompousness​. Compared to how down to earth Our Chuck is it was oil and whatever oil doesn't mix with from the beginning.
There's video? Only heard podcast
That's not the sentence for manslaughter.
Gene Simmons created Reddit. And this sub. And all of you
If the column is portraying this group of 10,000 Muslims as a reflection of the entire religion, that's about as misleading as saying that ISIS is an adequate representation of the entire religion. Everyone should be against terrorism. There shouldn't ever have to be a rally or a protest against terrorism. It's like having a pro-oxygen rally. The signs the women who are marching say it all, "Please don't kill INNOCENT people." Let's ask them who's innocent and who's not innocent. ISIS is not Islamic extremism because there really isn't an equal and opposite extreme in the religion. Groups like that might be radical, but it's not as extreme as one would think relative to the general population.
Ha! but it's 'rite' of passage isn't it?
How many special persecutors does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Tell me more about these St Louis Rams. Sounds like they come from an ancient mythical land.
Thank God for Kahnle and Donaldson. Wouldn't have won without those two guys.
His second grade earth science teacher should be charged with negligence
I was at this game. Great road trip as a bears/gators fan where LSU/Florida was the day before in Gainesville. I remember the big story was that a 40 year old bears fan going to his first ever bears game and getting his throat slashed less than a mile from the stadium. Anyways, the D probably had more takeaways in the 2nd half of that game than in 2016.
That might be the "PLO room" tho. The rest of the estate could be tits.
I'm already getting fitted for a Tyler Ulis bulls jersey
I don't think the question is if he opts in but how many games he'll play. I have garpax paying about 1.5 mil per wade game next season.
They should waive Cameron Payne so that Cleveland can pick him up and do a sign and trade max deal.
LeBron to Clips or Lakers to force the NBA to go to a straight 1-16 format in the playoffs. 10-11 Western conference teams plus Celtics, bullets and bucks. 35-40% of the league tanks to avoid dubs and LeBron's super team. The NBA will try to curtail tanking by changing to a 40 game season. Lbj plays 30. So that he can play until his grandchildren can play with him. 22 straight NBA finals appearances he final retires when Donald Trump suffers a stroke in his eleventh term as emperor. First ever human manned craft reaches Mars and builds a colony and a developmental league. Where LeBron sends a test tube of his super sperm to be farmed to create an entire interplanetary league of LeBron's. If you need me I'll be at Alex Jones house this weekend working some shit out.
I don't blame him. I've never made 24 million in a year. I will blame him when he plays 15 games.
He would need to be caught with Carrie Fisher amount of drugs between today and Thursday to drop this far.
What's a y'all?
Who hates hoss? Maybe predators fans? Get over it.
Didn't knicks fans want Jackson gone when he drafted porzingis? Just giving you what you want.
I'm so confused by this. The heats best picks are Brook Lopez and Mason plumlee? Wasn't kawhi Leonard drafted by the pacers? Wasn't derrick Rose good at basketball?
You've watched Nikko?
A lot of tj leafs highlights are right over this Finn.
I've seen a dozen of these over the last year.
I don't mind blowing "it" up. But "it" includes the clowns making the moves. I don't trust any of their personnel or development decisions. If someone with a proven track record of salary cap management and talent evaluation were at the helm, trading Butler would have been a no brainer. However, their return was laughable. Even if the decision is to tank and be completely flexible next summer, the top talent is going to notice the toxic environment Pax and Forman have created and steer clear. Chicago has whiffed on every premier free agent since the beginning of free agency. The NBAs top level talent is a small clique. And the bulls are not a part of that clique. It would be a huge gesture to just get rid of Forman and Paxson.
Yes.
I'm sick of even the phrase "HoiBall" there is no such thing as Hoiball.
My Bar Mitzvah partner was Zach Levine. (pronounced the same)
I think that Alejandro Dypshyt is the real deal.
This is why that Abreu anomaly is weird but not that crazy.
He doesn't have a system. He played a certain way with the cyclones but it's not like you just copy and paste that style to the NBA. Billy Donovan and Brad Stevens were much more successful in NCAA basketball but are completely running different systems with their current teams because they have different personnel. It's not like he has a secret recipe that you can just plug any stiff in and score 130/night. Hoiberg was hired to coach Derrick Rose, Jimmy Butler, DunDun, Gasol and Noah. Do you think he's looking at his lineup now and saying "finally?". This is going to be a disaster. He should have taken the Ohio State job. (Fire garpax)
That's ridiculous. Styles don't win games. Players do. That locker room has zero players.
And then he doesn't play tonight
Steve Kerr didn't have Kerr ball. He saw the hand he was dealt and put them in the best position to win. If Kerr was the coach of the 2015 bulls he wouldn't have played the same way as he plays in Golden State. It's not like Hoiberg agreed to coach a team under the assumption that the entire roster would be completely turned over. And i mean completely. The only player who is left from the 2014-15 team that he took over is Nikola Mirotic. A player who has gotten measurably worse under Hoiball. Hoiberg is not there to develop talent or implement a style. He's only there to replace an outspoken coach who would provide resistance to a incompetent front office. For any of you buying into hoiball I sympathize for you.
that was like a month after the game tying grand slam in Seattle.
I think the Cubs pennant tells more than the actual facebook message.
This series should be played at McKethan after the shit they pulled this year
He should be ready for his side day for some work out of the bullpen which would be Wednesday. Unless the Tigers call. Gilbert through at least 115 in the afternoon so LSU is in the same position.
Posted the picture before he ate the camera.
Define hilarious
is Trader's South still open?
I'd be up for it, but you really let us down in October. Both of these 3b are better than Brett morel.
They were never loveable losers to me. And now theyre just winners who behave like losers.
Keppinger.5
Had they evacuated that quickly before Katrina, George Bush would still be president.
Is savage a good thing or a bad thing?
Fadedo was untouchable, but the unsung hero and my mop is Dalton Guthrie. When you have the 8th best lineup in Omaha you better bring some leather.
Couldn't find any tape of him playing hoops, but got some of him playing tennis: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wUaMzsNKR7Q
just bought a Lincoln.
As a white Sox fan and a sci Fi nerd this video was incredible.
We are in the golden era of pass friendly rules aided bloated stats for QB. I believe that the ones you've listed are in the discussion for greatest all time, with Brady the easiest to argue, but it's not fair to compare the statistics of today's quarterbacks with what Marino, Elway, Favre and the generations before them were able to do.
I don't need to defend my support for the bears. We are allowed to be critical.
What grade is the author of this post in?
Will they announce which Arby's Dowell Loggains will be working next year?
I don't think giving a franchise tag is as easy as everyone makes it out to be. If he has no intention of playing with the Bears past 2018, then I think they should just let him hit the open market. In order for him to be franchised, he'll have to be paid the average of guys like Josh Norman, Janoris Jenkins, Patrick Peterson and Richard Sherman. He's had like 11 good games in a Bears uniform. The real elephant in the room is the depth at the position. Ryan Pace has done an awful job allowing for flexibility. Coming in to this season, a franchise tag for Fuller would have been ludicrous. And now, if the Bears aren't able to sign Fuller, there's absolutely no one waiting in the wings qualified to take his position. Am I crazy here? There's no way a competent franchise operates on a week-to-week roster outlook like the Bears do. You have to be able to build out two-three years in advance and have options and contingencies for anything that comes your way. As it stands right now, the Bears have several positions with this scenario.
the highest rank he should hold is short-order cook.
Ryan Pace has never done this before. He's probably still throwing up from firing John Fox. Let him compose himself.
Please refer to the bucs and colts before Tony Dungy coached the teams before calling him overrated. He's an awful father, but an excellent coach.
The Jets and Giants are worse. Everyone else is better at least for now. Bears are still last in NFC north unless Aaron Rodgers passes on to the Lord. Every other team will draft after the bears and I think we'll be underdogs heading into most of these games.
Having cam could have kept Glennon on the field for a couple of extra weeks. Which could have been good or bad.
A guy who's never hired a head coach is evaluating whether or not to let a QB with 12 games of experience in on the hiring process?
Pace is plenty dumb to even had said that. The extent of trubiskys involvement should be him leaving everything he can to become a better QB.
He said that they're discussing letting him have a say. Not whether or not he likes a candidate. He has done nothing to merit any input much like Glennon had done nothing to be a starting QB. It's just a foolish thing to say publicly. Will Adrian Amos have a say? Kyle Long? Don't be stupid.
My problem is not having Mitch gel with the coach. My problem is the General Manager who has never done this before in his entire life saying this publicly and just proving how backward this team is managed. Mitch Trubisky will not have a say in the hiring. I'm not thinking that Larry Fedora is going to be the next coach, although we'll know a whole lot more about how involved Trubisky is involved if he is. For Pace to say this is just overconfidence in his position with the team and his project. This is on him- he needs to humbly approach hiring his first head coach. For this to be spoken in his first press conference after his extension is just ridiculous.
This schedule is so bad an uneven that the NFL should extend the schedule maker's contract two years.
He also threw as many TDs as Jimmy Garopolo. He threw fewer touchdowns than Ryan Fitzpatrick, Brett Hundley and Deshaun Watson. I'm not saying that to be a Trubisky-denier. I think he's the right quarterback for the bears in the current situation. But, the amount of circle-jerking that this subreddit conducts in honor of Trubisky is disturbing. There is not one thing that he did this year that anyone can logically point to that completely convinces you that he's going to be a top 15 quarterback in the league. He did what, basically, every rookie quarterback who starts did in their first year. You people are making absolutes out of guesses and it's not the best way to follow your favorite team. You need to be honest and critical or else no one will have any accountability.
I think no news is good news for him. If he can run, he'll play and have a chance to be the CF.
I don't like what I see. I mean, I really like what I see, because they look good. But I don't like what I see because it's Georgia. Bama has a huge problem next week, and we have a huge problem for the next several years. Maybe we can sneak in a couple of infractions???
That's perfectly understandable. Good things: gush over Bad things: make excuses Once again, I'm not saying he's a bad quarterback or that the Bears made a mistake- in fact I feel quite the opposite, but if you constantly find excuses and just assume it'll get better you can't evaluate properly. He had a better INT rate = he's amazing He had fewer touchdowns = everyone else is awful when in actuality: He had a better INT rate = a factor of an abridged playbook, coaching staff's emphasis on not forcing any passes, a good job of going through his progressions, above average accuracy, good velocity and touch, good understanding of defenses and good preparation He had fewer TDs = a factor of limited playbook, warranted and unwarranted lack of confidence in his receivers, inability to take advantage of mismatches, dropped passes, below average pocket presence, bad play calling. there are dozens of contributing factors to every STAT you see and just to ignore all of the bad stuff and only focus on the good won't get us anywhere. I say we just table the evaluation until the end of the first quarter of 2018. He will be the starting quarterback for the entire offseason and hopefully surrounded by capable coaches and play makers.
You are not allowed to speak ill of Ryan Pace or Mitch Trubisky. Both are beyond reproach. Remember that. And you will fit in wonderfully.
Well. I meant in this sub then. I like Trubisky. What a bunch of Cubs fans do at a bulls game is out of my control
If the guy is a good coach he could go anywhere and interview for a job opening. Looks to me as if he himself knows he's trash and is looking for a handout.
Bears need two things: someone to develop Trubisky and someone who isn't functionally incompetent on Sundays. I just think Toub is the best guy for the latter when someone like Nagy is better for the former. It's quite the conundrum. Regardless, I'd be fine with any of the people that have been mentioned though.
They draft so well. It took them 0.0 seconds to recover from losing Ryan Pace.
My uncle owns a couple of hotels in Atlanta and Minneapolis. He's already planning on hanging himself because of Bama vs UGA in the college playoffs. He'd be even more devastated if the Vikings went to the super bowl. That's basically a 50% hit to revenue. So anyone besides the Vikings. But if they do go to SB I will root for them.
Do you live with her?
Offensive Line elite. LB next. Then WR.
We go to one road game a year. Vandy is amazing, except for the three-four hours the game is going on. I think it was 2014 when we didn't even go to the game we were having so much fun downtown. Knoxville is like no other experience. If you can scam your way on to a boat and get to Neyland nautically I'd recommend that. I went to Starkville once for a hoops game- never a football game. And it's kind of like our Starke only gloomier. I'm sure that the game day experience is just fine but it's tough to get there and it's tough to be there.
Too lazy to nitpick. But I am stunned every time I turn on an NFL game and see John Halapio. I'll take Johnny Townsend and ten people off the street vs. any team.
This is a worse hire than Chris Foerster.
I'm sorry. I cannot read this dude's name and not think of Terry Dean and cringe. Can we rename him?
Pageantry and tradition are all overrated. You want loud, rowdy and intimidating. I was in the stadium for the two (arguably) loudest games ever at Steve Spurrier Field at Ben Hill Griffin Field (97 FSU and 06 USC) and that magic can be recreated with two key ingredients. Alcohol and drugs.
forgot that 99 Tennessee game. Dancing Alex Brown with 11 sacks. Jamal Lewis on 4th and 2. Doesn't get much better than that.
purple porpoise used to have shots waiting for you at halftime so you can reload and get right back into the stadium for the 2nd half.
Rowdy Reptiles &lt; ISIS. My freshman year was Donovan's second year, I believe the first year students didn't have to pay to go to games. I was at the game when Jason Williams was escorted out of the O'Dome because he wasn't a student. I drove to Indianapolis in 2000 in a Winnebago by the Grace of God and No-Doze. I have never been surrounded by a bigger group of nerds than my time at the O'Dome watching gators hoops from 1998-2001- and that includes my time involved in 2 concurrent games of Dungeons and Dragons (Tuesdays and Thursdays and a separate one that I was actually the Dungeon Master with some cousins on Weekends and Holidays) I guess the "Rowdy Reptiles" were getting "organized" at this very same time with the dumb little chants and overall buffoonery. They would call security to tell on my friends and me that we were "gambling" on the games, our god given right as Americans. Who cares if we won by 15 or 14? Don't get mad at me if we miss a garbage time FT. I was also informed we weren't allowed to criticize "Home Players" by some dingbat who had never done one athletic thing in her life. I was once heckled by own mother for grounding into a game ending double play sophomore year. Moral of the story. College is fun. Have fun. Let your hair down. Let Duke be Duke. Let's be Florida.
i just want you to know- i upvoted that.
maybe he's going to have Bobby Portis punch him in order to return to the Bulls averaging 15 ppg/15 apg?
We need to be honest with ourselves. I don't think there's any way to not finish fourth in the division. Playoffs are still at least a couple of years away.
6 Items. One based on stat. 5 non-measurable. Sick analytics.
He should have considered returning for his Junior year.
I'll never do THAT again.
F Beth so long as she's not allowed to speak. Mary Queen of Mars. Kill Robin. Just to prove to God I can do what he can't.
I would have told Rams and Jags fans last year my two rules: 1) Keep your hands off my Percoset. 2) Do you have any Percoset? I totally understand that there's is a huge possibility for turnarounds in the NFL. But only when there's an opportunity for turnaround. The Jags and Rams play in weak divisions where anything can happen. When healthy the Seabags shut the Rams down in L.A. and are really the only competition in the division. The Bears are in the toughest division in football in my opinion with quality organizations that just don't fuck around. When Minnesota lost their qb last year they went out and traded for a former #1 pick. The packers had a pretty shitty year this year so they fired everyone from their GM, OC and DC. The Bears played 1 game vs. Brett Hundley and a half game vs. a one-legged Sam Bradford this year and still went 0-6 in the division. To win the division you at least need to go 4-2. Do you see that kind of turnaround in just a year against these teams? Really, 1-5 with zero blowouts would be a huge jump. I think you're still a couple of years away from relevance. But it might be a little bit more fun to watch next year.
Ha! "Mommy"
You can only hope he just keeps getting more better and more better. One day he could be one of the more betterest quarterbacks in the league.
Nice little summary. Good run down. You should also not forget Cameron Meredith in your wrap up. Though he wasn't drafted, if he return healthy, could be Pace's best acquisition with Hicks so far. Even though it's the most important aspect of the job a General manager is responsible for far more than the draft. With Pace's background in scouting and player development, we would assume that the draft would be his strength. The fault in your analysis is not considering overall trajectory of the team and your comparisons. Chicago's drafts have been far more successful under Pace than they had been under Emery and Angelo. Although, if you look at Angelo's 2nd and third years you'll see about 6 or 7 Super Bowl Starters. I don't think Angelo's second half and Emery's tenure is even up for debate against Pace so far. The problem is Angelo is retired and Emery is a scout in Atlanta. The Bears should not be competing against their ghosts. They should be competing with their competition. If you compare anything to bowel cancer, you're going to pick the thing that's not bowel cancer. Instead of comparing Pace to Emery and Angelo, how about comparing Pace to the team that most recently employed him. A team that just drafted three starters and Kamara after finding Michael Thomas and Sheldon Rankins the year before. Or more locally, compare the Bears' last three drafts to Detroit, Green Bay and Minnesota. For the last three years we have used absolute shit as a measuring stick. Meanwhile, the league is lapping Chicago. The question is how much of 14-34 is Pace's responsibility. Well, since he's in charge, all of it. But, I don't think his job was to be much better than 14-34. From what we've been told, his responsibility was to overhaul the roster with young talent and I think that's what he's been trying to do, not necessarily qualify for the playoffs. If Pace's job was to contend, then he's been doing an awful job. This roster is still devoid of depth/talent at OLB, CB, OL and WR. This is probably because they're trying to draft the best available player instead of a need which was caused by the overwhelming number of needs heading into 2015. I have a lot more on my mind. But i need to get out of the bathroom and back to the office.
I know several intelligent Czechs who don't think that Trubisky is better than Goff.
He so pissed at the ranking.
Mitchell Trubisky není tak dobrý jako Goff ve nfl fotbale. Možná, že v příštím roce budou mít žebříčky odlišné hodnocení.
That costs $11 extra on Spirit.
Spirit should charge him an extra $17
Spirit normally charges you $17 extra for that.
I mean. That's the answer. Why are there more comments on here?
Who was his backup?
A little disappointed that Edwards and Shurmur didn't seize the opportunity to do the Step Brothers interview. I think that's a red flag for both of them.
After UT claimed champions of life, really all championships were up for grabs. I don't mind letting UCF call themselves national champs. If there wasn't a playoff, they'd certainly get votes. The Big 12 should add Central Florida.
I agree with this guy. Not to only focus on his last two games but the iron bowl and the cfp game vs Clemson should scare a team with the 8th overall pick. He was totally neutralized vs Auburn and just couldn't make NFL type catches vs Clemson. There was a 50/50 ball in the first half he was dominated by the tigers db and a play on the sidelines in the second half where he just looked confused. I just think he's riding the coattails of Cooper and Jones but just looking at those dudes you see what a top 15 WR is supposed to look like. This isn't the type of player who will help Trubisky next year.
Didn't he just resign with Purdue after the Tennessee fiasco? I doubt the bears are going to buy Jeff Brohm out. Kevin Butler has been coaching the kickers at uga probably trying to sell Kirby.
Randy Brown. Loved him as a player, just don't trust him anymore.
Too tall. Too blonde. Too young. Too good.
We just came off a pretty bad loss to the fort Wayne mad ants. This could be exactly what we need to get back on track boys!
That was a joke.
Yeah. It hurts to watch their QB but still when it came to the play he had to make he couldn't make it.
Catch the ball.
Are you really laughing your ass off?
I have a love-hate relationship with UCF. I think it's a joke of a school and only sporadically relevant in athletics, but at the same time I love Applebee's and don't know who would manage any of their restaurants if it weren't for their graduates. I'm not looking at Big 12 expansion through the eyes of Florida- and I don't know how it would affect Florida since it would still seem that UF would be the better option for a recruit. But just in a business sense, UCF in the big-12 looks right. They have a nice new stadium, an untapped market for the league and a mini-bowl type destination for conference opponents. If Florida is worried about UCF joining the Big 12, we have bigger problems than we even knew about.
DE/OLB or CB if they're not doing best available.
The NFL is full of first round corners. If you're a number one pick you should be able to play against number one picks. This is specific to Ridley. You cannot blow number one picks. Especially top ten.
He's in the NFL. There are good players in the NFL.
I'll repeat does any body have the Hubert call?
Our Philip Daniels? That's cool. I couldn't stand our corporate stooge sounding wr coach. So anyone is an upgrade.
Eh. Jordan always said he was motivated by the guys who were veterans that hadn't won a championship. I'm guessing he was always telling them that to get him more amped up. You can see guys like Trent tucker , darrell Walker and Randy Brown always quick to embrace Jordan as time ran out.
Our Finn is taller!
I remember throwing up in my mouth for a month after the Wallace signing. He actually wasn't as inept offensively as I thought. Really thought it hurt Thomas and Noah through the years.
It's Nathan Petermans music
I also feel that way. But I also feel that Nagy was the right hire.
Probably heard the Vikings coaches had good interviews on Friday and Saturday. Didn't want to lose out on the bears job due to timing. Hence the second half of the game.
Nagy played (and lost) in Arena Bowl XXI, the same year the Bears played (and lost) in their most recent super bowl. Nagy played for a team owned by Joey Galloway, who would have been the bears best receiver this year at age 46. I think these are good signs.
The DC should be Nagy's choice for DC and no one else's. Keeping in mind, I think that Vic Fangio is a very good DC and has the defense trending up, depending on what happens at CB and OLB, I just think it's so Bears to force the new head coach into keeping the incumbent. The reason they hired Nagy was because he did the best job selling them on a vision and a staff. But this whole thing just stinks of the Bears forcing his hand as they denied the bengals permission to speak to Fangio on Sunday, named Nagy on Monday before Fangio's deal is up on Tuesday. If the Bears preferred Nagy over a different candidate because he was the only one who was willing to retain Fangio, then they fucked up the hire because that shouldn't be the deciding factor. I don't feel they fucked up the hire and hope that Nagy keeps Fangio, but if he doesn't I think that will be an assuring sign that Nagy is in control of the staff and has been planning his transition to HC for a long time. Regardless, here's to the last five years being a distant memory and moving on with a whole new staff and possibly a new energy at Hallas Hall and more importantly Soldier Field on Sundays.
Matt Nagy vs. FTP (career) Sep 12 2010 FTP at PHI (PHI coaches' assistant) L 27-20 Jan 9 2011 (playoffs) ( PHI offensive qc) PHI at FTP L 21-16 Sep 28 2015 (KC QB Coach) KC at FTP L 38-28 0-3 vs FTP
What were the others saying?
amazing interception by Ridley.
... and how did he shit it right down his leg in just ten minutes?
is hurts the QB of record now?
I know in hockey, Hurts would be the goalie of record... does it work that way in football?
Not fair that Kevin Butler coached the Georgia kickers.
if it goes to 3OT there would be another coin toss. Who's going to write the ref's script for that ceremony?
that would have been good FROMM 52.
photog just got blasted.
Kirby Smart has won another championship for BAMA.
