to be fair, i'm 26 and i'd do exactly the same thing
don't just rush head on into battle, hang near the back of the group and get an idea of how the game plays on the first match, second match unleash hell and rek everyone
Try soldier 76, he's a more generic run and gun character, but he also has healing abilities so he can be a great support. When you play as a support character like that you'll be watching what the rest of the team is doing to work out who needs healing/where your fire power will be useful and that will help you to work out the best ways of playing as more complicated characters. When you're on the attack side and the defense are all waiting outside your spawn when the start timer hits about 1 second drop your heal pool just outside the spawn door, this can help offset a bit of damage and make sure your team don't get raped in the opening seconds of the game. Also once you gain control of a hill, drop the heal pool in the middle of it when the enemies push to recapture, this can help people survive a little longer. When your team is pushing the car forwards drop a heal pool ontop of the car, that gives you a moving heal station while its active
The game looks good. Call of Duty is absolutely crippled by nostalgia to the point where no cod will ever live up to the first one you fully hit the grind on with your mates. The game has changed and improved and experimented every year, some things have hit some have missed but nearly every COD has been good fun and im sure this one will be too. I'll definitely be playing it like i do every year and also alongside overwatch and CSGO.
inb4 he falls off the map
When I switched from the Xbox One to the PS4 I really missed my astro mixamp M80, it was awesome! really wish they'd made it for the ps4 as well
but if you got gold after every match, a lot of people would have unlocked everything the game has on offer, there are already people that are level 100
so nerf the easiest champions to kill
make sure that your TV is not set to overscan, if overscan is on thats probably whats causing the issue
it will probably be in one of the picture menu's just keep looking. overscan over compensates with image size and it usually ends up too big for the screen, had that problem with my google chromecast
you can select to show the killfeed in the options menu, for some reason its not on as standard
Cal of Duty is absolutely crippled by the nostalgia factor. People always fondly remember the first cod game they grinded on with their mates and no matter how broken it was nothing can ever live up to it. Like go back and have a go on MW2 now, I wasn't mega keen on it when it was new but playing it now its absolutely awful.
I didn't think it was possible until I saw that the multiplayer reveal for Infinite Warfare won't be until September, this game desperately needs a beta to convince people that things will be ok and it looks like that may not happen
Of course you should wait, we've no idea what it'll actually be like yet we've just had speculations, and even if you still just want the normal PS4 waiting for a lil while after E3 would be smart as we'll probably get a price drop depending on the neo release date
Also if you're on the xbox vs ps4 dilemma, its even more important to wait, the Xbox One, as much as I love it and it was the first of the current gen machines that I bought, just simply isn't as good as the PS4, with or without exclusives
Nothing says classic boots on the ground action like flying blimps and planes, fucking infinite warfare
Kind of annoying that Blizzard doesn't sync stats between versions, I'd happily go and buy the PC version if my PS4 stats transferred over
Actually yeah I forgot about the Ult, that should at least be nerfed so that only she has it, and once you've killed a person when they respawn they don't glow red
then they all go on a company retreat *con air themetune starts*
Exactly why I got it on PS4, the second I saw how the game plays I knew the pc community would be toxic as fuck
Activision threatened to behead Vondy because people where having fun earning cryptokeys rather than buying them so now they're taking them away.
One is for gaming, one is for typing out moany arguments about how the PC is better :P
Would 100% ditch it if It had ads
No but they get all the DLC and stuff a month earlier than ps4
See I put lift, but then I thought americans might read it so I put elevator to avoid confusion haha.
It really gets me down to see how bad this game is being handled by the devs and Activision, like even if people aren't into the jetpack thing AW and BO3 were good games in their own right and IW is just a big step backwards. I really hope Infinity Ward get dropped from the rotation now. Treyarch listen to the community and try to push the series forwards with good maps, league play, cod caster, theatre mode, LAN lobbies etc. We haven't seen enough of Sledgehammer yet with them only having AW out but I feel like they're good developers. They were the first out of the gate with the jetpack thing, uplink is a great gamemode and they fully committed to the jetpack idea with their map design and it was good fun.
Damn that bodys so good its making me emotional
For me, Ingress is good because I get to explore parts of the city that i'd never go to while i'm doing missions, I love the missions and because they're planned out by real people they're generally fun and make a good day out. Playing the 'normal' way just taking portals and making patterns is hella boring simply because the gear takes a ridiculous amount of time to farm, and you can never store enough to do a proper job unless you have multiple accounts to store stuff.
I feel like they told scump he was captain just to make him stfu. Crimsix is obviously the smarter player and is a lot more mature. Every year we get a new COD and every year pros just rag on it, especially optic. Like hitch the irrelevant bitch just shits on every cod that isnt mw2 constantly. What these kids need to realise is that a lot of their viewers are young teens who will parrot whatever they say in videos. And if they constantly shit talk the games then the devs will just stop listening to them. Seems like theres a reason that opTic didnt get invited to talk to the devs when clayster etc did. Dont get me wrong IW is awful. But Activision are all about money. And as it stands youtubers and pros are chipping away at their profits by trying to drive people away from the game.
I've been watching OG since the old sniper days and as an org ive always followed and supported them and i really respect Hector for how he handles things. But, the way the COD team now presents themselves is embarressing. Im a lot older than Scump so when I see the way he acts it just looks like some spoilt little kid with nothing useful to say. Hitch is also an Optic employee, he represents the company. And if he just constantly shit talks all the CoD games it doesn't look good at all. COD is a game thats carried by normal players, not Competetive. So Activision don't really need to support it as an esport but they do. If pros, with millions of followers just downtalk and damage their brand then there will be a point where activision just say bollocks and stop doing the comps. They currently run them like an advertisement for the game rather than an esport. If that avenue starts losing them money they will find a new one and ditch competetive. Look at the CSGO team. Theyre a great example of how to be an esports team. They work together, seem to keep a professional front, put in the practice and start to get results.
if you're using an elgato hd60 you have to buy one of their chat splitter things as a wrokaround because the PS4 can't give sound from both natively
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kJAzQCGMZL0&amp;t=20s
Being on job seekers and going to the job centre is one of the most depressing and dehumanising things i've ever gone through. Can't imagine how bad it must be if on top of that you have health problems and no one believes you're ill :(
can't get into anything on moogle, even had a full party finder party and we were stuck
having a coach just gives them someone else to blame when they perform bad. It won't help their trash egos at all.
I burn loads of calories playing ranked overwatch haha. The stress is great for my figure
scump is a millionaire whos entire career is gaming gaming, if bad internet is his only issue it could have been sorted instantly. From past visions and interviews it seems like he's just a super immature team member, I honestly think they made him captain just to shut him up.
Dont worry, mercy players just follow the phara or other healer and ignore everyone else anyway.
Wouldn't suprise me if Hitch and Create get dropped, their stuff is good but its definitely not professional standard. Now they're more corporate they will bring in grown ups to do the work. Plus the COD guys basiccally refuse to be in any content so everything they make is forced af
Also wouldn't surprise me if Hitch fully bitched out and left because he didn't get a lead role and now has to answer to a boss.
Yup, 10000% true. Switch and PC for me now and my PS4 is gathering dust.
Exactly, trust me i've worked in professional video production for years now and if you put him on an actual set he would have less knowledge than a runner, seems like he's got zero technical knowledge he just knows how to pump out late, fairly average quality Youtube videos.
He's decided to live his life as 2017 Maniac
When I played DPS I always got matched with good tank and healer mains, now that I tank/heal I get matched with pure bottom of the barrel cancer.
The level of toxic dps in gold tier is actually worse than low silver/bronze its insane
Same, Sitting through that stupid news thing every time I turn the game on is just painful
They've got to be visible or people who come here illegally will think that immigration enforcement is just an empty threat.
been there loads of times, ratio of men to women is 20 men to every 1 woman lol but its a spa not a swingers club, your chances of pulling there are slim unless you go as a couple. its clean and well run and if you're going to just to be naked and chill you'll have a good time, avoid friday/saturday night cause thats when all the drunk people go and don't stalk the ladies round
looks really cool, kind of worried that all the extra animation will mean more lag though
eU proved that Rise could choke to burgers, they aren't unbeatable, if OpTic continue on their hot streak they shouldn't have a problem beating them
I really think Dota needs its own mini series, its a complicated niche game so i think the story needs to be filled out more.
caught all the community day ones easily, but omanyte is my first normal event shiny and i've been GRINDING this event to the max, same with the wailmer one, absolutely hardcored it but still didnt get a shiny one
99% of the people you see roasting cod in the comment sections either haven't played the game since MW2 or they're battlefield fans roasting it because they're fucking weirdos
Unless you're playing as a premade team your win loss ratio isnt something to really worry about. You can't control who you're with and your team mates might be no thumb idiots
i love the demos, but the timed demos are stupid. Glad I had a chance to play the arms one cause it helped me decide to not buy it.
No one in my area except a couple of people with cars really raids anymore, it's just too much work to get the people together, it can take up to an hour per raid and its just not worth it. Also collecting potions takes WAYYYYYYY too long, it's absolutely ridiculous.
Nah. Reddit moaners are the minority. Most people have a good experience
things like tyranatar, jolteon, gyarados, dragonite, golum, machamp aggaron are all useful. I think its better to have a solid bag full of pretty good pokemon rather than just a few really good ones, the battle system really isn't as deep as people try to say it is.
Personally i'd hit holland park, loads of stops and spawn points, it was always the go to place in the old days, then if you're making a day of it you can do a decent walk from holland park &gt; Kensington Gardens &gt; Hyde Park &gt; Green Park &gt; St James park (they're pretty much in a straight line if you have a quick look on google maps, get off the tube at high street kensington for holland park) and then work your way through trafalgar square/soho or wherever you fancy
Meh, if there was another vote i'd switch over to leave simply because you can't just keep voting until you get the answer you want.
I was one of the first through the door to vote remain, but I come from brexit capital Stoke-On-Trent and round here the attitude towards the vote has only swung further towards leave. One of the reasons for that is because of how London focused the UK is, and they just don't care about a lot of the business problems brexit may cause because London is so far removed from the rest of the UK that it may as well be in a completely different country.
I love pokemon, I love walking, and the game has consistently got better since release. as an OG 90s gen 1 player going out and actually collecting pokemon is like a dream come true. I've been to areas of cities that i would never have visited and met tonnes of people along the way. A lot of the people who quit did so for toxic reasons so i don't miss them, they were banned for spoofing, refused to play with no map, hated the gym rework because they couldn't lock off all the local gyms with 10 blissys harvesting coins, refused to spend money on ingame items so as soon as others stopped luring places up for them they stopped playing etc.
we had a good turn out today for raids, but on most days its getting to the point where just 3 people with 2 accounts each turn up to bash stuff, a special small group level reduction would probably be good
Transfer all the old ingress portals over to PoGo, I play both games and in a lot of rural areas just activating existing portals would fix a lot of players issues. I've put a lot of work into submitting portals and in my town i've officially run out of stuff to submit, everything thats left is already a pre-pokemon go ingress portal. Also, make the weekly legendary tasks player by player like mew rather than server-wide. Players returning now will have a lot of unfillable gaps in their dex meaning less reason to return.
you get your pass, turn up in time for hatch, we usually split up into team groups, biggest colour group goes in solo, smaller colours go in together if there isn't enough for each team to solo.
literally the only reason people still raid in my area is because of shiny hooh, if it was just latios/latias still no one would have raided for weeks.
You can get an ingress account to level 8 within a day if you have higher levels feeding you gear and enough time, get a group together and share ingress levelling duties until you can submit your own stuff.
also, you may open ingress and find there are already portals active, you can click on it, screen shot it and then get your whole group to submit to niantic and ask for a transfer
Formal just has a bad vibe that brings himself and his team down. The second he starts to do bad during a game his mood switches and then its a one way trip to tilted towers.
Really loved AW, I loved BO3 too but it was so damn sweaty, was fully dehydrated after one domination match.
Im just showing how little effort it takes once you hit 8 its clear sailing to 10
I know. Me and the other ingressers have already power levelled a few people. All it takes is a little effort, not hard at all
in 99% of games, except pc exclusives like CSGO, kb+m is no better than controller unless you're a no thumb retard. the main issue with cross play vs pc is that the pc gaming community is insanely toxic which we really don't want. They're also the first to start using hacks, mods, aimbots etc.
Im a pc player for everything except cod so i know first hand lol
been waiting for a console pokemon game since playing the originals on the super gameboy snes attachment. Now we're getting a remake of Yellow (my favourite game) AND a fully new game!! Life is good!
a beacon system like ingress has would be cool for meet ups/community days. But honestly people don't really bother using them because you have to pay for them.
unless you're a tradesman/taxi driver etc who rely on a car to transport tools or passengers, or you're disabled, there's literally no valid reason at all to have a car in London.
yeah that could work, but i dont think niantic will stick them in for free. What i'd really like to see is an item that gives you increased items from spins for 30 mins
meh, i've lived right out on the edge of London for years, had a car for work, changed jobs so i didnt need to carry tools and just realised that the bus and train service is so good that going in a car is actually less convenient
communting into london from outside is just not worth it whether you drive or use trains, complete waste of time and life
i've met born and bred londoners who've never been to central London before. I've also met Londoners who've never been to anywhere outside the m25 and just go on holidays abroad lol - thats a majority of londoners i met too so cant see it being much of an issue lol
Was really enjoying just catching the normal selection of pokemon today, kinda wish the events were spaced out
parks will never be better because they dont have as many spawn points
there have been more ghost nests around, best bet is to go out quick before the next event starts, duskull is a 1star raid boss
black ops remastered sign behind him..
SO HYPED!!! Summit, jungle and firing range are 3 of my favourite ever maps!
OpTic should definitely partner up with Linus Tech Tips to kit the house out with NAS storage and stuff
dude its a game just ignore him lol. if he's black listed he cant actually do anything to ruin the game
Yeah cause catching nothing but useless aron for a week is much better lol
KITTY
hope he wins i'll be wow ermmmmm mindblown!
caught all 3 of my mewtwos with nanabs, when the pokemon jumps around and attacks alot, nanab &gt; golden razz every time
man you're deluded lmao
thats the kind of commitment i like to see! good wolf
lmao this. guy needs some fresh air
they're more likely to play BO2 I think cause its slightly futuristic and botg, but realistically they're just going to play fortnite 24/7
L37 completed all 3 gens, and I have shadows for all regionals
i wasn't holding my hope for skate 4, but I was REALLY wanting them to port the original 3 to switch
it will probably be one of their biggest hits, super popular franchise + rts + korea/china/japan = profits.
they might stick it in at the end of the event, it would drag peoples attention away from shiny hunting i guess
Not skate 4 but I actually gasped when I saw a skateboard haha, first time a trailers made me do that in a long time
its not like pre-ordering costs anything, you just register for your copy you can just cancel if you don't want the game
Not suprising, by the way battle royale has played out so far their ideas would probably just get jacked by someone else. and all their unique selling points would be implemented in fortnite by the end of the week lol
RIP
scholar dps comes from all the dots so it can fill dps gaps while people handle mechanics. Scholar/White mage combo was essential all through heavensward.
buffs only make stuff viable if people can play the character lol, asking for a scholar was always a safer bet than taking a nooby astro
Would rather keep that nonsense to the main series game, I like that pogo is a more pure experience
a gold gym thats your colour with your pokemon defending will give up to 9/10 items per spin. You get a bonus of up to 3 items for having a gold gym a bonus of up to 3 items for being a defender in a gold gym plus all the default items from spinning the stop
atm no stats really matter in the game If I go and attack a gym with my worst pokemon i'll still be able to take it with no problem because they're basically just shields In raids if you've got the right amount of players say 6 for a legendary, the only advantage a 100IV team has over a weak team is that they will beat the boss slightly faster. Without pvp/a fully reworked battle system adding mega evolutions are a waste of time. Plus, a big draw for pogo is the nostalgia aspect, if you start adding current gen unnecessary stuff it might turn people off
in main series pvp maybe, they're unnecessary for beating any main story battle and unnecessary in pogo
No way will they increase the price, i'd imagine the same as normal or maybe slightly less
imagine being excited about elder scrolls when ubisoft just opened their conference with Despacito 2
or not, simply dont buy it. if people continue to buy dlc then they will continue to take your money.
got 2 passes, both mid-week, both middle of the day. I'm lucky that i can go but i'm seeing a lot of people saying they're not doing it because they're sick of the times being bad. imo all Ex raids should be after 6pm/last raid of the day cause surely that would be best for the vast majority of players.
The raids that triggered the passes this time were both after 6:30pm, no one round here raids in the day time at all but every pass that goes out is always midday.
yup, only digital preorders. Absolutely no way in hell am I dropping more than £20 on a digital copy of a game lol
think you're just lucky, they love munching fox shit, cat shit, any shit really lol
Pretty much, i've been playing since the beginning of heavensward and I levelled a healer to jump me through queues because dps queues are insane, but now in stormblood even last patch content means a 20 min queue as healer. When you get into a lot of the older contents big dungeons they're just speed runs too. Your best bet is to get into an FC and get a group together/or put the dungeon up on party finder to manually get a group together
people will pay £20 for one skin in fortnite, WoW, ffxiv etc. absolutely reasonable for activision to continue charging for actual content. You don't have to buy it though, i've not bought any loot boxes ever, haven't bought a map pack since the beginning of BO3 and its never affected my enjoyment of the game at all.
PC players are a tinnnnnny percentage of the playerbase and even though i play most of my games on pc, there's just no reason that justifies buying a cod game to play online on anything but their main supported console.
blame youtube content creators for that, since BO3 they basically just abandon cod games until a new weapon comes out when they can make loot box opening videos, which makes activision tonnes of money.
this is what happens when you bang a pregnant girl
i'm not a big smash player at all but everything about that presentation got me hyped af
Would rather have no dlc and get a new game in a year or two
because they're dumb kids who want nintendo to dump their entire switch lifetime release schedule into 2018 and then have nothing for the next 7 years
great bait
my only issue is people running in the distance go all buggy, everything else just plays like any other console. Also, graphics can be a bit inconsistent, nothing a cheeky patch wont fix though
The bugs i was having were in docked/tv mode. Just played a few games handheld and its suuuper smooth. I feel like they’ve made optimising it for handeheld priority and theyll fix tv mode sometime this week
just keep grinding until the end of the event then decide, they're not that rare really, i've got one maxed out plus 1200 candies in my bag now.
just open ingress and see whats around, if something is a portal in ingress but not a pokestop click on it, take a screenshot and submit it to niantic support, they may stick it into pogo for you
its so nice playing on the switch, especially coming from PC Fortnite which is an absolute sweatfest
Jack really is the best pick up OpTic have ever made lol, he's been absolutely killing it this year, super happy for him he seems like a really genuinely nice guy.
yup, seems to be a theme to not announce during the main conference. Activision casually dropped in their 'we're making black ops 3 free to download this month and it comes with a new free map pack' thing just in between adverts lol, hoping nintendo drops some more stuff.
YES! My favourite ever game &lt;3 &lt;3 can't wait to play it again :D :D :D :D
lmao bet you're one of the guys who just stands out in the open messing with your inventory and maps lol
this will be the first cod I buy after its released, really dont feel confident enough to commit to a preorder/buying before finished reviews
was it a sponsored stop? they've all been taken out now
official press releases from the company, thats it
Theyre good if you have a little cluster of stops where you can lure up all of them. Luring an individual stop is a waste of time though. You should get one pokemon every 5 mins. If you dont get that go through itunes to get your money back. Apple helps really good niantic support is crap
Realistically, the only reason Sony are at the top is because Xbox priced too high on release, if they'd been the same price everyone would have jumped 360-one
Pokestops need to give out more everything. Even if i spin every stop i pass and catch nothing for like 2 days i still cant fill my bag up. Capsules like we have in ingress would solve a lot of these issues. Farming gear would be a lot less annoying
Got my first ever solo win on switch stats not recorded *bad luck brian meme*
no reason to use straws at all, just give them sippy lids like you get on take out coffee cups
its no different than drinking them out of a bottle/can really, just make the hole a bit bigger and you're good to go
blastoise was always obsolete in pogo tbh, only starter worth having is the community day charizard with blast burn
they really need to add them into special research quests (like the mew one) once they've done a couple of raid loops, anyone who's just rejoining the game now is looking at a lot of unfillable dex spaces
middle box is deffo worth the money i've bought 2, first boxes i've ever bought
if your teeth are knackered you shouldn't be drinking fizzy drinks at all lol
Do I buy some extra cod maps, or do I buy smash bros. Hmmmmmm
bet the people who live their stink of piss and fags
nope you'll get 50, doesnt matter if you have 1 or 100 gyms the daily cap is still 50 coins
wouldn't worry about it at all, as long as you get one thats all that really matters with these events, battle system isnt deep enough to worry about movesets
needs to be 2 sessions, one saturday one sunday. Hardcore players get 2 farm sessions, casual players get two chances to come and play
the amount of times i've just hopped into someone's car after we met roughly 5 mins earlier and don't know eachothers names is unreal
Squirtle squad glasses or we riot
hahaha mens hobbies are stupid and women should always be the boss hahahha. no.
nah they just need to add double item from stops buffs to go with star pieces and lucky eggs
there was never even the slightest hint of either happening, if mw2 gets remastered it will happen on infinity wards year.
they're almost 100% that most of the nice features people want aren't in the game
lmao he got manhandled! Security steve needs to chill
not really, Methodz clutched up all event they would have gone out way earlier without him
All our local spoofers just got promoted to royalty status with bags full of regionals. They were fully shunned from the groups and now everyones on their dicks
always someone looking for an excuse to not put any effort in lol
or just talk to local players and work together by shouting out in chats when you find one, which saves everyone time and balls
I think that's part of the reasoning behind allowing you to transfer from pogo to lets go, they want you to free up 151 bag space so they don't have to give out more for free, struggling for space at 1500 capacity is seriously excessive though, you need to be harsher with your choices.
squirtle squad glasses or we riot
whatsapp groups, facebook groups, discord groups, silph road, reddit, seriously dude lol
Its against tos. But not cheating it gives you no real advantage and if you do it legit you do double the work of a one account person
at least you understand that everything else i've said is correct, not really bothered if you think they're cheating, you probably iv check, play with multi account people or use maps which are just as bad
Having an apple watch/pogo+/Gotcha really helps, you can just leave it running and get on with your day without your battery getting tanked, then when you've geared up you can play as normal and lure up a pokestop or whatever.
just google wallmart kid, he's the peak of that music genre
spoofer yes, multi account people no. Also you friends listing someone with multiple accounts doesnt benefit them at all unless you send all the accounts gifts and stuff every day
BO1 has probably had a pretty close playercount to ww2 for most of this year lol
no resale value on digital games, the only reason i can justify buying games at all is because i can take them to game and trade them in towards the next one i want. Will never buy a digital version of any game above £15/20 and even thats pushing it
all i would want is the event pichus to complete my collection, everything else i'd rather just wait and catch
The amount of pokemon players (mostly high levels) that have sent me their home address to submit/asked me to submit dumb stuff that's got no chance of being accepted makes me hope that pogo players never get to submit stops lol. In my area, we've worked really hard as an ingress community. Literally every acceptable submission has been created, and any new ones are quickly added. Theres nothing that pogo players could add to that. Even just my local park has gained 2 gyms and 10 stops since i've started to submit again. What needs to happen is a lower level cap transfer service. So when an ingress agent reaches level 8 they should be able to link their pogo account and then they can select portals to transfer into pokemon go. What that does is keeps the lower levels of ingress alive without disrupting serious ingressers, its also enough of a taster that pogo players may stick with it and play ingress too. Helps both communities.
to add to that: if you can link up with a high level ingress player you can hit level 8 in one hardcore day with them feeding you gear, its really not hard
The rules for pokemon go submissions would be exactly the same as the rules for submissions in ingress. The vast majority of acceptable stuff is already in ingress so there is literally zero reason to split them and let pogo players run wild trying to submit absolute nonsense. Ingress submissions are massively backlogged, pokemon go submissions would be equally backlogged, easier to have one pile of ingress stuff than a pile of ingress stuff and an absolute mess of pokemon submissions
they've spent the last 5 years running with a system that works in ingress, they aren't going to change that. Stops in Go and Ingress serve basically the same purpose and there is absolutely no reason to loosen the rules and allow pogo players to submit any random stuff.
log into ingress and thank your locals, they're the ones that get this stuff put in.
One way to do it would be to allow level 40s to enter submission mode, and in submission mode you walk around as normal but you can see ingress portals, submit them for transfer to pokemon go and then once it reaches a certain threshold it gets sent over. An easier way would be to just transfer all missing portals into pogo, that would solve a lot of players issues, but that solution is too simple for niantic
trust me i know, i've been getting raged at in another thread for explaining why we get to submit in ingress and pogo players dont lol, he wants the servers separated so pogo players can submit literally anything as a stop. poor child doesn't realise what a mess it would cause.
by having sunglasses
also you can level all classes on one character, you just switch gear and do the job quests for that class
Exactly, easy mode.
Our local groups have already banned any talk of selling gifts/postcards/pokemon trades on all our group pages and chats. Instant perma ban if you do it. Partly because no black market nonsense will be accepted. And partly because its the perfect tool to groom kids in exchange for ingame stuff and we’re hot on safeguarding people from that!
just evolve all of them, magikarps are everywhere and candy is infinite
sounds like a good way to push companies out... no way is cod anywhere near profitable to justify franchising costs
nah. its already really easy to complete your dex, normal trading makes that even easier. No need to make it even more easy on top of that
so that makes it even more useless lol. The gift system is essentially a wonder trade, you send a gift, get an egg which contains a random alolan form
exactly, great news buddy, you're single so we know you'll be available to babysit our brat 24/7 with no excuses. Maybe that's why he's crying.
who the fook is this guy, and why would anyone care what he says lmao
well yeah but i wouldnt send gifts to people who wouldnt send them back. Like Beyonce says "If you like in then you better send me a postcard in pogo"
first time I ever went on a pokemon go hunt I ended up jumping in a car with this dude to chase down a pokemon, ended up in some random graveyard at like 11pm, we both caught it then shook hands and introduced ourselves and laughed about how anti-survival jumping into random cars is lol
surely it will be like when you level up with a full item bag, you get the stuff ontop of your limit and have to get bellow the limit before you can collect eggs again
we just need triple stardust to become normal stardust reward. going back to 100 stardust per catch will be awful
iphone 8+ is a brilliant phone
same, i have 8 passes in stock, hopefully I can catch early and save the rest
yeah same nearly every one I caught this event counted as a big boi
Problem is pogo players have been spoofing and cheating since a few days after release. Its very hard to tell whos a legit player and the amount of players with multiple spoofed L40 accounts is pretty high. Opening up subs from pogo players atm would just be a total mess
