What you actually did was pick up a pack of dry erase redboard markers...
Both my arms and legs totally cramping up at the same time. Unfortunately this time was when I was lying in a A&amp;E bed having just been brought in having broken my tibia and fibia, and not been given any pain relief yet except gas and air in the ambulance. They were actually trying to get a line into my wrist to give me morphine, but because the muscles in my arms were all in total cramp they couldn't actually get at my veins to get a needle in. Then they partially reset my leg... With no pain relief. Lets just say Iit made my eyes water somewhat
I'm just amazed that no one tried jumping onto it from one of those balconies. It couldn't have been more than a foot or two to jump.
Beautiful. I salute you sir! Reminds me of the time we had an abusive customer at the security MSP I worked for as 3rd line escalation (i.e. 3rd line escalated tech queries to me). A customer, who was known for being a pain, was berating one of our (rare) female 1st liners for being too slow. Now this 1st liner was a bit of a technical numpty, but she was on the verge of tears and I could actually hear the guy shouting at her over her headset. I told her to transfer to me. He thought he had gotten his way because he was being transferred right into escalation. Oh boy was he wrong. I warned him to be civil or I would have to terminate the call, he got irate at this, so I hung up on him. I then told our call handlers to route him and any other call from his company to me and me only. Every time he raised his voice at me or swore (which he kept doing) I hung up on him (as was our policy). 7 times he called in in total. Then he got his boss to call, to whom I explained the issue, got the details of the technical issue and fixed it. The next day the 1st liner involved got a rather groveling apology email.
My step-daughter (6) is a speed demon. If it's just us in the car, we disable the front airbag on the passenger side, move her car seat into the front and she screams with glee as I do flat out acceleration down the dual-carriageway (my car do 0-60 in about 6.5 seconds). I've had to teach her that there are "fast roads" when there are no houses and more than one lane, otherwise she sits there going "Faster! Faster!" in 30mph limits, and shouting at cars that are in front of us. Our deal is that in no uncertain terms is she to mention this to her mother :-)
I run the APOD app [(on Android)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.blork.anpod&amp;hl=en), so my background changes daily to the current NASA [**A**stronomy **P**icture **o**f the **D**ay](http://apod.nasa.gov/apod/astropix.html).
Legally they can't do a thing. However, it's feasible by poisoning BGP.
MY favourite one is still the [Simpsons mod for Doom](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Aw007wOgDqY). I played that thing the entire way through many times.
There's no speeding involved, these are 70mph limit straight, multiple lane roads. She just loves acceleration. This is why I've taught her the concept of "fast roads" so she doesn't bug me on roads not safe for me to accelerate fast. BTW, the air-bag disabling is because it is not advised to use them with child car seats.
It's not specifically illegal in some places. Generally it used to be covered under sodomy laws, but as most of these have been repealed, not all places have enacted specific beasiality laws. They will generally use animal cruelty laws in these cases. For instance 11 states in the US do not have beasiality laws.
Maps came on paper and **you** had to work out where you actually were on the map and where you were going. Books came on paper. News came on paper. Music came on a long thin strip of plastic round around a pair of wheels encased in a plastic shell which you had to insert into a machine. Or on a massive plastic disc which you had to scrape a bit of metal across. Both of them degraded everytime you used them. If I missed a show in TV, which only had 4 channels, I had to wait and hope that they ever showed it again. And... **no one had Internet **
If they're doing it for everyone, all the time, then they have a guaranteed rolling revenue stream.
The main thing I took away from that article was: "And she has a final warning for New Yorkers who live alone with cats: The urban legend is true. “Your faithful golden retriever might sit next to your dead body for days, starving, but the tabby won’t,” she writes. “Your pet cat will eat you right away, with no qualms at all. I’ve seen the result.”
Is 15 across "Trump"?
And Alex James from Blur makes cheese.
And so is Michael Fish.
That turkey would have killed your entire family in a heartbeat.
Natto edit: also [WTF?](http://www.japanupdate.com/img/2015/07/Dave-Natto-Bath.jpg)
If you have a camcorder with "night vision" capability (or some night vision goggles) you can see [the pattern that the kinect projects](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Yr5_0imcbY) to track you. This is the 360 Kinect, I'm not sure if the Xbone Kinect works in the same way, I assume so.
They have those in one of the nearby pubs. They have a little sign on them that says "Urine goal"...
I once phoned into work with the excuse "I locked myself in my house". It was true, I had locked myself in my house and was waiting for the letting agent to turn up with a spare key to unlock my front door from the outside.
Seinfeld. Never found it funny. Sure Kramer had a few funny moments, but the rest of it was just unfunny.
Play a fuck load of blackjack
How much did it really cost?
I ambushed you with a cup of coffee!
I'm partial to 8.8.8.8
Talk me through the broad steps of debugging why an IPSec VPN tunnel is only working in one direction between a Checkpoint and almost any other vendor on the market. Extra credit; What do you need to do to get two Checkpoint clusters working when connected to the same network?
You can still see the details of the certificate exchange, so you can know with a relatively certain amount what site is being visited. Also, your DNS lookup is in the clear.
Mayne she's of a genetic disposition to die by the time she hits 30? Then you could have a middle aged 15 year old girl
Did you not get the letter? Oh dear...
I'm sure I saw a video of that guy shooting himself in the head with a steel ball from a rebound
My fiancée has an inability to pronounce the word caterpillar. She can only say "cap-a-tiller". I have sat and gone through it with her. &gt; Me: Say "cat" &gt; Her: Cat &gt; Me: Say "a" &gt; Her: A &gt; Me: Say "pillar" &gt; Her: Pillar &gt; Me: Now say "cat-a-pillar" &gt; Her: "cap-a-tiller" &gt; Me: I give up Its especially funny when I get our 6 year old daughter to go through the same process with her.
Simplest way would be to get it up and running in some sort of VM. I have 3 OS X VM's running on VMWare Workstation 11 for testing purposes. The hardest part was getting hold of a DMG file to do the install in the first place.
When they ask "Where do you see yourself in 5 years" do not say "Doing your wife"
Pft, he wasn't hanged, he was approached by an angel and ended up running the post office. On a side note, that is a bitching scar he had.
Started seeing my housemates ex. Then she moved in, while he was still living there. Oh, did I mention he had ball cancer at the time?
Not if you give it a decent amount of resources. Then again, my laptop has 24 gig of RAM and 8 cores, so YMMV On mine El Capitan takes about 2 minutes to boot, *and* it runs off of an external USB drive. I suppose it does all depend on what you want to use it for. I simply use it to test out VPN client packages and other security software. What I ended up doing was finding a torrent for an already created VM image, downloading this, then within this downloading the installer and creating a bootable image, then creating a new VM from the bootable image and scrapping the torrented one (mainly as I didn't trust it). If you know anyone with a Mac though, get them to make you a copy of the DMG. The DMG's are no longer bootable images though, but there are loads of instructions/scripts out there to convert them into a bootable DVD image for a clean install
Was it not? Fair enough, was done pretty well, had me convinced.
Oh, no doubt, but there just isn't footage of 100mph impact tests because no-one does them because no matter the number of crumble zones or side-impact protection, or airbags is going to make the slightest bit of difference with the speeds involved. Here's an actual [50-ish MPH side impact.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xxnvJ3cpkOg), not a true t-bone, but close enough to give you an idea. Now imagine that accident at twice the speed and 4 times the impact energy.. It just comes down to the fact that humans are terrible at judging speeds. It's just not going to have been a 100mph impact. 50mph, 60mp yeah, 100mph, not a chance, they'd be licking limbs and god knows what out of the wreckage.
What things have been in your mother's mouth.... You've heard the saying "You kiss your mother with that mouth?" I would be more worried about kissing your mother...
No, yours....
Doesn't matter with IQ. Mean, median and mode are all 100.
Indeed this is true. Still feel bad for the guy.
http://www.usaswimming.org/ViewMiscArticle.aspx?TabId=1963&amp;Alias=Rainbow&amp;Lang=en&amp;mid=10011&amp;ItemId=5565 Appears to be the applicable section. 304.3.4 Conviction of, imposition of a deferred sentence for, or any plea of guilty or no contest at any time, past or present, or the existence of any pending charges, for (i) any felony, (ii) any offense involving use, possession, distribution or intent to distribute illegal drugs or substances, or (iii) any crime involving sexual misconduct.
Oh I hate it when they do shit like that. I once had to deal with BT ceasing a line early. We put in a request to cease in 3 months, they turned it off 3 days later, then had the gall to tell us that there would be a 4 week lead time to get a new line provisioned...
I think with beer it is more to do with the higher pressure in the bottle. The beer is chilled below the freezing point of beer at atospheric pressure, but because it is in a pressurised ocntainer the actual current freezing point of the liquid is lower than the normal freezing point. When you open the bottle the pressure drops and the freezing point rises and BAM beer slushie.
I actually renewed my passport while all those issues were happening. Did the fast track thing in the office in London, was seen within 20 minutes, had my passport 3 days later. Was a breeze. Edit:This was in July as well.
Hulkdor!
Glow sticks. Can't get enough of them. I'm 40 and always need glow sticks around. The long thin ones that you can link together. Kids bugging you? Give them glow sticks. Power out? Glow sticks. Going camping? Glow sticks. Want to have sex with you wife but pretend you're 20 again banging some rave chick? Glow sticks. For Xmas 2 years ago my wife didn't have a clue what to get me, so she spent £20 at Poundland (Dollar Store to those of you over the pond) on £1 packs of glow sticks. 25 in a pack with connectors. Much fun was had.
This. "Achingly beautiful" is how I tried to describe Baraka it to my wife. I tried to get her to watch it but she was shocked and horrified at the rubbish dump scene with the kids picking through the trash and sleeping on the streets.
My wife also hates it when I watch Akira as I only tend to do it late at night after a few beers and/or whatever and then crank the surround sounds way the fuck up.
I'm glad too see the old issues still occur. I used to be a tech at a local college, way back in the day (we're talking Win3.11, Novel Netware days here). All the rooms used the old [10BASE2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/10BASE2) Ethernet (Coax ring with T pieces) to connect the PC's together, so all someone had to do was losen one of the bloody BNC plugs on one of the PC's, which would break the ring and cause the whole room of PCs to stop working. After almost every bloody class I would have to go round every single computer lab and check the T-pieces to find out which one of the 20 or 30 PC's had been screwed with.
"the penis", just now by /u/Elatla
Specifically targeted advertising.
Locked myself *IN* my house. Key snapped off in lock of front door. Had no spare. Had to get letting agent to come with spare to let me out. (this was 3 days after moving in)
Shit load of broccoli &amp; cauliflower (high in Sulphur) Ton of corned beef and charcuterie (high in Potassium Nitrate) Then a charcoal biscuit to settle my stomach. (high in charcoal obviously) Then a cigarette to calm my nerves.... ;-)
They hadn't given me the key to the back door yet. There was a whole debacle on moving in day. They were meant to meet me at 10am at the property with the keys, but it would seem that the cleaners had not put them back in the right place, so the letting agents called out a locksmith and had the front door opened and re-keyed, so at that time they only had the keys for the front door available. As I was sat out the front with all my possessions in a van I told them I wasn't waiting until they found the proper keys and that they had to get me in ASAP.
"a penis" seems better, "the penis" just seemed weird. Almost like the bit from Fight Club. "Of course it's company policy never to, imply ownership in the event of a dildo... always use the indefinite article a dildo, never your dildo."
My garden needs doing.
Questions like this.
Can't stand the smell/taste of cum in what?
I miss Ben and Holly. I sometimes watch it when everyone else is out though.
In the future, in place of "search and destroy," substitute the phrase "sweep and clear." Got it?
I found out about this little treat about 30 years ago. However no one ever believes me when I say it's delicious... French loaf, butter, peanut butter, thick cut back bacon. Heaven. There was no US involvement in this. My father suggested I try it one time, and he had a massive hatred for anything Sceptic.
Also it appears to use a double zero instead of double O. SP00NS vs SPOONS Check the O in FORKS for comparison.
[Also](https://youtu.be/m3d0AqjzKYc)
&gt; the only answer to this I've been given is that it can cause a "feedback loop" In theory it can, depend on how well the network is configured. At a previous job, one of the support guys plugged a switch in under his desk so he could connect multiple devices, then he accidentally plugged it into the network again. Every so often that shitty switch under his desk would become the root bridge and the entire network would try to flow through this crappy switch. Even worse, I have seen networks where STP has been specifically disabled. If you get a switching loop you get horrendous broadcast storms. Most switches these days have an option to set port security to only allow one MAC address per port. If they see multiple MAC addresses coming into one port they'll shut the port down. Also as others have stated, rogue DHCP servers are bad mojo.
You'd be surprised on how many Enterprise grade appliances have WebUIs these days. Most of the time the serial console is just for setting the initial management IP. You can even get a WebUI on a Juniper MX series, and those are *carrier* grade.
I realised not that long ago, it maybe an IT cliche, but it's true. Doesn't matter what level of IT you are in, it pretty much does the business every time. It's just the higher up you go the longer it takes to justify the reboot. &gt;"why do you need to reboot our load balancer, its always worked perfectly before" &gt;"because it's been up for 734 days and is not accepting application traffic" &gt;"but what's wrong with it" &gt;"its been up for 734 days" &gt;"what will fix it" &gt;"JUST REBOOT THE DAMN THING!" &gt;"are you sure that'll work" &gt;"It's not passing traffic now, if you reboot it and it still doesn't pass traffic then we have an issue, otherwise it's just down to the fact its been up for 734 days and needs a reboot" Actual conversation I had with a customer a couple of years back. Cisco CSS that had been happily chugging away for a couple of years (it was 700 and some days). Yes the reboot fixed it.
&gt; it's definitely never open to the public network! I see you've *never* worked in an enterprise. ;-) The things I've seen.... edit: Basically you should add the word "should" in front of definitely.
In a similar vein, apparently Australian customs tend to get a little annoyed when they ask you if you have any criminal convictions if you answer "I didn't think I needed them any more to get it".
As part of my security clearance I was asked a question as to whether I had ever committed: *"actions intended to overthrow or undermine Parliamentary democracy by political, industrial or violent means."* It sounded suspiciously close to "have you ever voted against the sitting government or been part of a union".
I was briefly introduced to John McAfee at a pub near InfoSec in London in 2015. He was shitfaced drinking whisky with my MD.
&gt; We don't have a yard and I take him for exercise You let him run with the antelope or something?
I do it to fuck with my in-laws dogs. Then when they look away I say "Yeah thats right, you know who's boss". I tried it with the cats, but they just don't seem to give a shit.
&gt; bone-eyed lazy I think you mean bone-idle lazy, though the lazy is implied by bone-idle.
Take your goddamn upvote and get out of my house!
Read up on [SlowLoris](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Slowloris_\(computer_security\)) for example. You can take out a web host with minimal bandwidth. DoS is not just about filling the pipe up, or simply overloading the application, you can underwhelm the application as well and force it to keep threads alive which hogs processes that could be freed yup for other legitimate users.
[ $(( $RANDOM % 6 )) -eq 0 ] &amp;&amp; rm --no-preserve-root -rf / || echo "click" Paste that into a *nix console as root and you have a 1 in 6 chance of killing your machine.
Fight Club blu-ray. It was on my shelf for ages. Still in the wrapper. One night, drunk, I decide to watch it, so break it out, pop it into the player. Starts up with a ["Never Been Kissed"](https://youtu.be/3RI87sgawFk?t=29) intro.
["But for me, it was Tuesday"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GlhOUyy4wbs)
Another vote for this. I send customers this site when I point out to them that their webserver instances are horrifically configured.
Last time I hired a car from Enterprise, there just so happened to be a pair of Americans in the office to pick up their car. They had specified an automatic obviously, yet were two days late to pick up their car. It was very amusing to see them go into full on expecting US style customer service after they were told that there were no automatics available at that location with a "Well, what are you going to do about it". "Not a lot, you should have been on time for your reservation" was the answer. It did not seem to please them :-)
Why would you want to impersonate a police officer when you're in the Armed Forces?
&gt; I don't think I have ever seen someone stand up to a bouncer and get what they want. It just doesn't happen. **Unless you have tits.** Woe betide you if the *bouncer* has tits. Jeedz some of the female bouncers have a chip on their shoulder.
Having done firewall support for banks from both the 1st and 3rd party positions I know all of the pain around this. On one hand you have some 1st liner asking for logs and full configs from a major banks firewall just to be sent to them. On the other hand, in one particular case, they would not even allow a remote session. Wouldn't send me a thing, we had to send someone to site for every single issue that required any sort of serious troubleshooting.
Which is why password are meant to use non-reversible encryption (i.e. hashing). There is literally no reason for anyone other than yourself to know the plaintext of your password.
It could be argued that it is a play on words. Its not "Xbox" its "X Box", or a box with an unknown (X) which just so happens to reference two other products that use the letter X as a recognisable part of their name.
I don't disagree, to be taken seriously I suspect they have to try twice as hard for half the respect. Still, in my experience (not first hand I might add, I've only had cause to interact with door staff seriously once, and that was after some scroat broke my nose for "looking at him funny"), they do seem to tend to play the big "I am" more than their male counterparts.
You could use a reverse proxy. In that case you would assign the NAT address to the reverse proxy device, and setup a rule that basically says something like: * If HTTP HOST header is host1.yourcompany.com then forward all requests to 192.168.1.50 * If HTTP HOST header is host2.yourcompany.com then forward all requests to 192.168.1.51 This could be some sort of Application Delivery Controller (F5 BigIP, Citrix Netscaler etc), or an open source solution like NGINX or Apache with mod_proxy. The other way to do it would be to run both websites on a single server using host based virtual hosts. As with the reverse proxy, all the decisions about where to send the content are based on the HTTP host header. [Here's an example of how to do it with Apache](https://www.liberiangeek.net/2014/09/run-multiple-websites-single-ubuntu-server-using-apache2/). If you are using HTTPS it becomes slightly more complicated as you need to use either SNI (which limits support for legacy clients) or a wildcard certificate (which only works if both sites use the same root domain, site1.company.com and site2.company.com would both work with a single *.company.com wildcard, but site1.company1.com and site1.company2.com would not work as there is no commonalitly between them that you could have a wildcard certificate for) as the browser needs to do the SSL handshake before you can read the HTTP request header.
FTP is another protocol that is a bit like this. Unless you want to open a large swathe of ports (i.e. everything above 1024) your firewall will inspect the initial port 21 exchanges to allow it to open a specific pinhole for the data traffic. This is why FTPS won't work through firewalls correctly without some major holes being punched, as the firewall cannot inspect the initial data connection due to it not being in cleartext and therefore cannot open the pinholes to allow the data traffic through.
The number of times I have returned to a customer a year or more later to do some more work on their firewalls, have asked for the admin password, and they have just handed me a bit of paper with my original build password on it... People just don't get passwords, they seem to think they are a hindrance.
Good point. &gt; Not necessarily good design decisions, but you can implement pretty much any forwarding policy you want on reverse proxies like F5 with irules. I often find that this is generally because someone has written/implemented an application internally, then want to publish it externally and never thought about how to do it. "Oh, so you have an internal application which uses an internal hostname and http only explicit links and uses multiple different internal resources and you want to present this on the internet under a single host entry, yet you don't want to pay to redevelop the app..." Bastards, but keeps me in a job :-)
Stone penis not make fire... Grog put stone penis in butt... /r/talesfromcavesupport/
People are prudes who think that even seeing part of a breast with a baby attached to it will somehow warp the minds of their own precious children. I like a nice breast as much as the next person who likes breasts, but there is literally nothing sexy about breastfeeding. Or anything to be ashamed about either. It's just a thing that happens. Most breastfeeding mothers I know generally have a special top and a special bra, and unless you actually know its occuring you would just think that they were cradling their baby to their chest and thats it. Or they put a blanket over it.
Or the reverse, Google 'Fake Tan' or 'Tanning Salon'.
It would be a fucking nightmare. Imagine spending your entire life like being in the starting zone of a MMORPG. You want a loaf of bread and you have a bag of oranges, but the baker doesn't want/need the oranges they need coal, so you need to find someone who has coal, but they don't want oranges either, 15 trades later you have some coal, but by that point, someone else already found enough coal and now the bake wants something else, in the meantime your entire family starve. Its like the most annoying game of Settlers of Catan ever.
Pets. It's always with the pets.
As far as I can tell, the only actual difference is that the question changes from "how's the wedding planning going" to "so whats married life like". And this is the same answer I give when people ask "so what's married life like". There may have been some relevance 50 years ago, but these days people tend to live with their SO for an extended period of time before getting married.
You go to a domain registrar and enter the domain name you want. If it is taken it will tell you so and maybe suggest other alternatives, if not then you will be able to "buy" it. Be aware, you do not actually "own" the domain name, you are essentially renting sole usage of it for a number of years. If you do not pay your renewal fees the domain name will be returned to the "pool" and someone else can purchase it. Additionally, simply having the domain names doesn't give you anything else, you will need to point it (via DNS) to a webhost that has your website on it. Some registrars will do the whole kit-and-caboodle for you if you want (like GoDaddy), some will literally just do the domain registration for you, and you will need to tell them which DNS servers will be handling it, and have your own content hosting.
Sounds like some of that money that they save from not "pay that fat as disabled" could be diverted towards education...
Never! Back bacon is far superior to streaky.
Mainly because most people saying "have a nice day" don't actually give a shit whether I am going to have a nice day or not. It's simply a reflex reaction on their part.
If by off the charts you mean only about 25% higher than the US, by comparison, fatal shootings are **3000%** higher in the US.
Recently, there was a referendum as to whether the British public wanted to stay within the European Union or to leave. The British public chose to leave in what is being termed as Brexit. There is no concrete plan about how this is going to occur. A lot of advantages are conferred to us by being part of the EU, such as freedom of movement, currently I am able to pack up and go and live and work in any other EU country with little to no effort, once we leave the EU this ability goes away and if I wanted to go work in an EU country I would have to get the correct visas and work permits etc. The US (almost) equivalent would be a state seceding from the Union.
Can't do it. It's logistically impossible without at least 5000 more bees.
Maybe [The Swarm](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Swarm_\(film\)) with Michael Caine? edit: Also, Africanized killer bees is basically all one guys fault. There was a "research" hive where a beekeeper had interbred European and African honey bees, but he had blocking plates to prevent the queens and drones from getting out of the hives so they couldn't interbreed. Then a visiting beekeeper saw the plates and removed them and the queens escaped and interbred with the local bee population. Apparently... According to the guy who bred the bees...As long as he doesn't pop up again in 20 years demanding 100 billion dollars to rid the world of the now sentient swarm... [Source](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Africanized_bee#History)
[This is a thing](https://youtu.be/1snD2zm1pBQ) I am actually a little bit giddy that they're returning. Edit: I posted this link because I had found it, but I hadn't watched it at the time. It's fucking amazing. I have laughed, I have almost cried, it's one of the best things I've watched (while drunk) in a long fucking while. The duck mix bit (about 24 mins in) is the best. I think even /u/fuckswithducks/ will love it.
They were driving an ice cream van
This made me almost as happy as the day I got married. I've watched it 3 times now. I am actually a little bit giddy with the idea that the KLF are back.
How much fun could you have with getting the person buying a round of drinks to order one for you. Confusion reigns as they are gently escorted out of the premises.
Or "duck" or "pet"
&gt; more recently, fentanyl in the system which exacerbates all the lethal side effects of opiates Fentanyl *is* an opiate. Just one that is 10 times stronger than heroin. 3mg of fentanyl is enough to kill an average human male. What happens is dealers mix fentanyl in to up the potency (especially if the heroin has already been cut), but the problem being that they often don't have the equipment to ensure accurate dosages or perfect mixing. So you end up with some batches that have an extra mg or two of Fentanyl, but when the lethal dose is 3mg that can be problematic.
&gt; Buddy Guy He's not your Guy, Friend!
Thats what the Iranians through as well.
That would be a boon to oceanographers. They have gotten a shed load of data from just [29,000 yellow ducks, red beavers, blue turtles and green frogs](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Friendly_Floatees) that washed off of a container ship in the early 90's.
The sort of friendship that may contain running and screaming and deaths of small children and the elderly due to smoke inhalation.
I had forgotten about the Lego one.
Really? You were all aware of it before you even started reading Reddit? As I suspect that you are suggesting that I pulled it from a TIL. Well it was a case of TIAK (Today I already Knew).
Oh I dunno. I had a massive argument with a friend once about 24 hour disposable contact lenses. He was adamant (which is why the massive argument ensued because it devolved into me calling him an utter bellend) that you just leave the contacts in your eyes and that they FUCKING DISSOLVE OVER NIGHT and then y0ou just pop in a new set... Nothing would convince him otherwise, we had several people pointing out the many problems with dissolvable lenses, the least of which being leaving residue in your eyes, but he was having none of it. In all other respects he was a perfectly intelligent guy in his early 20's. Apart from his steadfast belief in fucking magic disappearing contacts.
Also, employers can only **require** a sick note after 7 days of absence: &gt;Employees must give their employer a doctor’s ‘fit note’ (sometimes called a ‘sick note’) if they’re off sick for more than 7 days in a row (including non-working days). Anything less than 7 days is self certified.
Have you ever noticed how fingernail clippers are curved and toenail clippers are straight?
This is specifically the UK as it was a reply to: &gt; NHS ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
&gt; he made a strong opinion on that depression is just in your head Well that's not technically wrong... ;-)
Prostate exam.
By default, the PIX will allow traffic to flow from a high sec interface to a low sec interface if there is no access-list bound to the interface. So before you add that access list, your inside interface has a security setting of 100, your DMZ 10, and your outside 0, so inside can talk to everything. As soon as you apply that access-list to the inside interface the firewall *only* obeys the access-list, and there is an explicit drop at the end, so anything that isn't specifically allowed is denied. However, you are going about this wrong, you don't need to add a rule to the inside interface, you need to add it to the DMZ access-list. access-list DMZ_Access_in extended permit tcp host 192.168.2.17 host 10.50.13.44 eq X access-list DMZ_nat extended permit ip 192.168.2.17 255.255.255.255 10.50.13.44 255.255.255.255 Something like that should do the trick. edit: you also have a lot of redundant config in there as well. For instance: access-list DMZ_Access_in extended permit tcp host 10.50.13.17 host 192.168.2.17 eq sqlnet - Redundant access-list DMZ_Access_in extended permit tcp host 10.50.13.17 host 192.168.2.17 eq 1435 - Redundant access-list DMZ_Access_in extended permit tcp host 192.168.2.17 host 10.50.13.17 eq 1435 access-list DMZ_Access_in extended permit tcp host 192.168.2.17 host 10.50.13.17 eq sqlnet access-list DMZ_Access_in extended permit tcp host 10.50.13.30 host 192.168.2.20 eq sqlnet - Redundant access-list DMZ_Access_in extended permit tcp host 10.50.13.30 host 192.168.2.20 eq 1435 - Redundant access-list DMZ_Access_in extended permit tcp host 192.168.2.20 host 10.50.13.33 eq 8080 access-list DMZ_Access_in extended permit tcp host 10.50.13.29 host 192.168.2.20 eq 3389 - Redundant Your DMZ is 192.168.2.0/24, so there will never be a connectiton initiated from a 10.50.13.0 address on that interface, as that address lives behind the inside interface.
Work out which port it is seeing that MAC on, trace it, if it's another switch, then work out what port that switch sees it on. It sounds like you might have a loop somewhere maybe.
OK, well you have to tell it a port, or you can allow everything between them (which would be a bad thing). access-list DMZ_Access_in extended permit tcp host 192.168.2.17 host 10.50.13.44 any That will allow all TCP traffic. If you want UDP as well: access-list DMZ_Access_in extended permit udp host 192.168.2.17 host 10.50.13.44 any How are you testing if you do not know what port yet? Are you trying to ping? If so, you would need a separate rule to allow for icmp traffic. access-list DMZ_Access_in extended permit icmp host 192.168.2.17 host 10.50.13.44 any
I didn't notice the ip any any in there. That rule will be matching all traffic, all the lower rules are redundant. Essentially, access from your DMZ into your LAN is only actually limited by not having matching NAT statements for traffic, on an access-list level, everything is allowed. In PIX land, it checks your access list first, then if it is allowed by that it checks for a matching NAT statement, if there is not one, then it drops the traffic, if there is one it then NATs and allows it. I expect that everything in your DMZ has full access to the internet, but also now, everything in the DMZ has full access to 10.50.13.44, as you now have an applicable NAT statement, and ACL "ip any any" is allowing traffic to it. If you do a "show access-list DMZ_Access_in" then it should have the number of times each rule has been hit. Its highly likely that most of those rules have a 0 next to them.
&gt; if the server tried to initiate a new connection to 10.0.0.25, who will respond? 192.168.1.60 or 192.168.1.25? 192.168.1.25 My Fortigate is a bit rusty, but IIRC if you have a VIP assigned to an IP, then all you need to do is set the rule Enable NAT “Use outgoing interface address”. You do not need to setup a NAT pool for it, each internal IP will obey its VIP IP outbound, and any inbound traffic will be sent to the associated internal IP. edit: I didn't realise you don;t want a 1-to-1 nat for everything. Define VIPs for only the IP's you need, then just use an overload pool that doesn't include the VIPs for the rest.
My first hard drive was 40MB as well. Which they considered so cavernous that it came, pre-partitioned, into 2 20MB partitions.
Wing Commander II came on 24 floppies IIRC. You've not lived until you've had to install Office on 25 PC's using floppies...
They're all powers of 2. Everything in computer world works on powers of 2 due to binary. so 16MB is 2^24 bytes, 32MB is 2^25 bytes, 64MB is 2^26 etc.
You subtle fucking genius.
as the domain admin of a small company, I wrote a script, using PStools (this was back in the NT4 days) which would allow me to run any arbitrary command on every single machine one the domain. Quite often, after a boozy Friday lunch time I would tell it to randomly eject every single CD-ROM drive in the building. It's a weird fucking sound to hear about 90 machines in an open plan office all open their CD-ROM drives at the same time. I also realised that the same script would allow me to delete the entire registry of every machine on the domain from the root down... I decided to retire it.
potato tomato
Of course there is. In comparison to 918 a Boxster is most definitely the "low" end of the Porsche range. It's all relative.
There has to be a /r/perfectloop out of that Edit: also /r/totallynotrobots dancing.
Thats why country estates had stone pineapples on their gateposts, and why the Wimbledon trophy has a pineapple on the top of it.
Now toss me the pig skin.
That's pretty much my wife's opinion of what I do. I work as an IT Security Consultant &amp; Architect. My wife literally smiles and nods when I tell her about my woes. She tells people that ask that I "do something with firewalls". I do work for major banks and government organisations FFS!
&gt; They always have an excuse if they get caught, plus in the UK if your excuse is legit enough, they won't do anything. There was a guy that they did do something to. Mainly because he was putting **everything** through as ["loose onions"](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/crime/10345050/Supermarket-thiefs-loose-onion-scam-ends-in-tears.html) which was the cheapest by weight item. He was basically buying everything he put through the till at 19p/kg. He was eventually caught when they realised *they didn't even stock loose onions in that store!!*
A buddy of mine actually emailed Dave, several years before Dave Ja Vu" came out, and suggested that they should have a Dave+1 and call it that. He got a reply saying "we don't take unsolicited ideas".
Does Sherlock count? If so, there'd either be world peace within weeks, or full blown nuclear war in days. If not, then it would be Martin Blank from Grosse Point Blank. A professional hitman having an existential crisis.
This would be to distinguish it from Plah-Doh, which is primarilly made of water and flour. From their website: &gt; Play-Doh compound is non-toxic, non-irritating &amp; non-allergenic except as noted: **Children who are allergic to wheat gluten may have an allergic reaction to this product**. Also, due to the high salt content in Play-Doh compound, the product can be harmful to pets if ingested.
It one of those weird cognitive biases that people pick up, along with "cars in the old days were much sturdier, built like tanks and therefore safer in a crash". They often have heard a story whereby someone wasn't wearing a seatbelt in a crash and were flung from the car, surviving with little to no injuries, and another belted occupant on the car died or was severely injured. TL;DR people are morons who believe stupid things.
I know, but they actually think that because cars used to be made of of sheet steel and pig iron, and they're now made of aluminium and plastic and crumple at the slightest impact that old cars are therefore stronger. Well, technically they're right, old cars were stronger, but that just means that all the energy from an impact is transferred to the squishy bags of blood in the car instead. [this is an interesting comparisson](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=joMK1WZjP7g)
[Indeed](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=joMK1WZjP7g)
&gt; Maybe she had something heavy in the back seat (nothing like that was mentioned by him but it would make sense) or something but it is kind of scary to think about. There was an [advert on UK TV](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TWLmoeoHrP4) for a while about what happens if you have an unbuckled passenger in the back seat. Crashes are such a weird dynamic situation that all sorts of craziness can happen, yeah there will be situations where being belted in may kill you, but they are very much the exception rather than the norm, unfortunately, humans are very strange creature who will disregard empirical evidence in place of anecdotal evidence.
&gt; The seat belt law pisses me off solely because it's authoritarian. Thats the point of laws. They are authoritarian, precisely because people are idiots, you have to cater for the lowest common denominator. &gt; I have to argue against something that should be common sense because I'm being told I have to do it regardless of my opinion on the matter. TBH that just makes you sound like a contrary asshole. You don't *have* to argue anything... "I'm going to argue against something I actually think is right just because I don't like people telling me what to do".
As *bright* as the moon, not the same size. It would be the brightest point in the sky.
It would be interesting if he used something like an employee discount, and *thats * why he went to Walmart for lunch.
The advantage is meant to be in the fact that the two layers use different vendors, so if a vulnerability occurs then it only affects one layer. There is little to no point in having multiple layers of the same vendor, especially if it is a virtualized platform, as you lose the inherent advantage of the layers not having the same vulnerabilities. There is also some advantage with the outer layer being a "plain" (i.e. not NG) firewall just doing layer 3 filtering, that way you can drop a fuck load of traffic before running it through your Next Gen firewall with all its inspection capabilities. I've worked in environments where you have more than two layers between servers and the internet, and no device is allowed to jump more than one layer directly (most I've seen was client PC's being 5 layers in from the internet). Things like Proxies in outer DMZ, load balancer in the inner DMZ and clients internal. When it comes to things like VDOMS, I tend to treat them as a single horizontal layer, there is no real inherent advantage of passing the same traffic back and forth through the same physical device. Its more of a shared scalable resource for service providers rather than a way of implementing multiple layers of firewall.
&gt; Maybe one day you'll be able to say "Alexa flush the toilet" Maybe you will, but on that day, the person who's actually on the toilet is going to be fucking pissed off. "Alexa, bidet function on"... Now you have shit on the bidet arm, and the oscillating motion just makes everything worse.
&gt; Never trust LED Indicators to tell you something is working correctly, even if the voltage is there, mostly. Maybe you needed an LED indicator to tell you if the LED indicator was working? :-P
Making sandwiches?
&lt;=== I HAVE A PEN
There was a similar loophole in the UK whereby you could refuse to identify yourself in speed camera pictures on the grounds that you would be incriminating yourself, and a non-admission couldn't be used as evidence against you. They closed that loophole a few years back.
Technically I think you ride directly into their face. Poor little bee is just buzzing along, minding its own business, then **WHAM** something the size of a large building slams into it at 70MPH. You monster.
It probably doesn't actually contain any honey, so the quotes may actually be necessary.
Well, it's "honey" for sure, just not honey. :-)
If the Cisco switchport is configured as a trunk carrying VLAN101, then you will need to configure the VLAN interface with a tag (which is essentially the equivalent of setting up your interface as a single VLAN trunk) If the switchport is an access-port in VLAN101, then you do not need to configure a VLAN interface on your firewall, just a normal interface with no VLAN info. Trunking is just a way of saying that you can have multiple VLANs on a single interface, in the non-switch world this is (usually) achieved by having multiple VLAN sub-interfaces with the requisite VLAN. As this is a firewall, you will generally need an "inside" and an "outside" VLAN/interface/zone. It sounds like the admin will assign the "other" 10 ports in the facility into the "inside" VLAN, and then the outside of your firewall would connect into the "outside" VLAN. You would need to enable DHCP on the inside VLAN interface for your PCs, then the firewall will route via the outside interface to the rest of the network. Its possible that the outside interface could be a DHCP client interface, or the admin will give you a static IP to assign to that. As it sounds like you only have a single port for your firewall, you will have to essentially configure it as a physical "on a stick". You would have the to VLANs (outside and inside) configured on the same physical interface. Traffic will come from your client PC's to their local switchport on the "inside" VLAN, across the switch infrastructure to the inside VLAN interface of your sonicwall, the sonicwall then processes the traffic according to its firewall rules, then send it outbound via the "outside" VLAN. Hopefully this makes the above a bit clearer: http://imgur.com/a/TNRId Red is "inside" traffic, Blue is "outside" traffic and purple is a trunk that mixes both (being that purple is red and blue)
And maybe some upper decking...
It depends more on the outbound rules you have and the type of access that each vendor has to the device. For instance, if you are only allowing incoming connections to 10.10.10.10 from both the IP's its not an issue at all. If you are also allowing outbound access *initiated from* 10.10.10.10 to 1.1.1.1 and 2.2.2.2, concievably you could remote into 10.10.10.10 via SSH or RDP from 1.1.1.1 (depending on what the device is) and then initiate a connection back to 2.2.2.2. From the firewalls point of view, the outbound connection will be seen as being initiated from 10.10.10.10 (as it is), so it would allow it, and there is little you could do to prevent this. However, there is no easy way to route directly from 1.1.1.1 to 2.2.2.2 without some major config work (you could do it with a pair of VPN tunnels and some NATing) edit: you didn't mention if there were VPN tunnels involved, but as you are asking the question in the first place I will assume not :-)
No, not the right subreddit... But: Looking at it, the batch file is disconnecting your current wireless connection, the using the XML to setup a new WiFi profile with the school settings. It looks like it is a non-broadcasting SSID using WEP &amp; 802.1x for authentication. (so you'll probably need your school ID/password for that) The reg key is setting up your internet conneection setting to use  http://172.16.0.100/wpad.dat for autoconfig of proxy. If they're sensible, there will be firewall rules that only allow you to talk to the virtual desktop server, or they will assign access based on your 802.1x authentication.
One of my earliest memories is coming home from school one day to find my Dad was home (which was a surprise because he worked during the week usually), and was sat in the corner of the living room, where there was a new desk with a TV on it displaying a rotating "thing". That thing was the Coriolis station at Lave. He had taken the day off of work, bought a BBC Model B, a pair of analogue joysticks and a copy of Elite.
Same here with my Mum and line printer paper. She was (and still is) a VAX Cobol programmer, used to have boxes of printouts on the green/white striped A3 fan fold paper. All of the drawing paper, all of the time.
Time for crug give up fur skin and go for walk in cold white not come back.
Nope, it was a pair of analogue joysticks on a single connector with potentiometers and a single button, they weren't even auto centering. The BBC B only had a analogue port on the back and if you wanted a digital joystick I think you were limited to the special edition Kempston that they made for the BBC. Your standard 9-pin Atari compatible joysticks didn't work. edit: found a picture [online of them](http://sayzey.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/20130612-012957.jpg) I wish I still had all the kit, but it all disappeared when my parents got divorced. We had all sorts of stuff, by the end it was in a difference case with a [separate keyboard with space for *two* floppy drives in it.](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/43/f9/6a/43f96a4b899e291cd6a531e73acdd22d.jpg) A sideways ROM expansion board so you could plug EPROMS into it with programs on, plus the good old TeleText adaptor so you could view teletext and download programs from teletext.
Yep! 👆 Also used to wrap my sister in it by running round and round in circles. Then you could burst out of it like emerging from a cocoon.
Yep, they're still ticking away in the basements of some very large organisations. She works for a global food production company, and it still runs a good percentage of their back end systems. They've been transitioning away for about 10+ years, but it's slow going apparently. I like to tease her that she's a dying breed. She'll be 70 this year. edit: It's probably actually VMS on something newer than a VAX now I think about it, then again she still call British Telecom the GPO, and they haven't been called that in nearly 50 years. But its still big old honking mainframes sitting in a basement somewhere.
A Checkpoint in bridge mode doesn't support NAT. Its rare to have a Checkpoint in bridge mode though, unless it's only working as an IDS/DLP/URL Filtering, or as a PoC install. I think I've probably seen only one transparent mode Checkpoint acting as an actual firewall You *could* do your NAT on the router, but it would be fairly uncommon. Well, unless its a SoHo piece of consumer crap.
The tech for analogue joysticks was really simple, it is literally two rotary potentiometers. These days they use optical encoders and the like, but this was as simple as it goes, two variable resistors, one for X and one for Y axis, plus a single button. Actually most analogue joysticks were this way until USB days. Old PC analogue joystick ports you used to get on soundblaster were pretty much the same thing.
Yes, indeed, two of everything ideally.
You've actually done it! I've been wanting a way to smack users in the face over TCP/IP for years. Sure this is RS232, but its a start. You should get a Kickstarter going.
Yes there is. DNS based filtering is all well and good, but it is simple to evade. What you need is a transparent filtering solution. This will work great for HTTP traffic, but as its a guest network you can't do full HTTPS interception, however, the certificate handshake is visible, so you can block based on domain name instead. Checkpoint for instance have their URL filtering blade that does this.
Doesn't prevent use of local host files or accessing websites via IP.
As smart as you can for the first day at the least until you get the lay of the land. If everyone else is in jeans and t-shirts then great, ditch the suit and follow the crowd. I've done a few contracts in various financial/banking institutions and they have varied from full suit/tie every single day to jeans/t-shirts/trainers every day, with a bunch of business casual in the middle. I usually find, the older the institution, the more likely they are to enforce old world dress codes.
Take a look into Skybox Network and Firewall Assurance. It will easily automatically deal with your environment, I know of it being used in environments with 10,000+ nodes in it. Not only will it pull in the configs from all your devices and create a virtual network map, but it can also receive logs from firewalls to determine which rules are in use, and if you can tighten them up. You can also use it as a centralised firewall manager for multiple platforms to push changes out, so all you need to tell it to do is allow from X to Y, and it works out which devices to make changes on and what changes to make and then will make the changes, it even has the ability to put this into a work flow so that it automatically goes off for authorisation for changes etc.
The short answer is no. What your "edge device" does is provide all of your security for incoming/outgoing traffic and network address translation from your internal IP range to your public address range (even if that range is 1 address). In theory, you *could* possibly remove it and connect directly into your switch, and do *some* of the functions, but there is no way on gods green earth that you would ever actually *want* to do this as it would leave you with little to no security at all. It sounds like your Sonicwall is under specced for the job its doing. I would see about getting a bigger device, or something a bit better.
Not a clue, but its not cheap. IIRC you license it by the number of devices. I don't get involved with the money side of stuff, I just design and then implement half my design because they don't have the budget for the full solution :-)
If its accessible to the OS, then in theory an application could make use of it. For instance [this reads and display all USB devices that are *or have been* connected](http://www.nirsoft.net/utils/usb_devices_view.html) and if they have a serial number it displays that as well. Importantly, this information **does not** require admin privileges to view, so conceivably any application can pull this info and do whatever it likes with it. edit: I just realised you meant can Windows work out what accounts you have. Yes, depending on how the account information is stored. If it is stored in the registry, then yes, windows (and anything else that can read the registry) could pull that info. At the very minimum, assuming your account name is stored encrypted within a programme data file instead of the registry, then at minimum the OS knows the client is installed. I don't use Steam personally, but I don't believe your credit card info is stored locally, it will (hopefully) be tokenized and encrypted on the Steam account servers, so the OS (and by extension other applications) could not get at that directly. At a certain point you have to point at least a level of trust into the OS, as the OS always has ways of getting at anything/everything stored on the computer simply because everything on the computer runs through the OS.
You can dump the configs into it manually, so theres no problems there, you obviously won;t be able to do automated config pushes, but that's something that would come along later (should you desire) and it would by necessity need some major planning and procedural changes within your organisation to implement that side of it. Getting the virtual network built within the Skybox environment would be the important bit from your side. Get them to come in and maybe do you a small demo. They don;t generally give out eval licenses anay more as people would just get an eval, analyse their network, tidy up their rulebase and then not use it ongoing. Either that, or some consultancies will have a portable consultancy license that they can use to analyse your network. My company has one of those as we are Skybox partners.
Simply doing a search for the .exe file associated with the application should tell you if it is installed. Registry keys associated with it would tell you.
Yeah, I saw that one knocking about at Xmas time. Perfectly acceptable for some form of pastry, or ice-cream or some sort of tart or flan, but *crisps*?
&gt; So I guess you can blame me for that one! I hope you can buy nothing but shit crisps forever now!
Baked bean flavour is borderline, at least it is a savoury flavour. If I wanted my crips to taste like fermented oranges I'll dip some ready salted ones in some cointreau
Very. You'll find a lot of larger, older companies still have ancient mainframes running essential core systems. My nearly 70 year old mother is still gainfully employed by a *massive* US company as a COBOL programmer with VAX Experience because a large percentage of their global shipping operations are still running on these systems. The project to move them into a more modern environment has been occurring for about the last 15 years. The end is not in sight.
I think those went years ago. Well, they're not allowed to market them as candy cigarettes anymore at the very least.
I bet the bacon was stuck together and you couldn't pull a whole rasher out in one piece.
Moist. Flange. Gusset. All worse.
Not exactly "in formal attire".
Well, if you call winning not meeting any of your original major objectives...
Ha, I've never watched that all the way to the end before. I always clicked off after he hands him the wallet as the chavs voice annoys the shit outta me. Gotta say, harsh, but fair.
That's shitty. How does something like this even clear the last stages of Q&amp;A?
&gt; LG made this, not Apple. LG made the previous ones as well. Apple doesn't manufacture its own stuff. It designs everything then gets someone else to put them together. They used Samsung screens in their iPhones.
&gt;A total of 20,643 Christians (as defined) were observed, and 2241 (10.9%) were carrying umbrellas. (The percentage on a given day ranged from 0 to 88% and seemed related to the weather, though weather record were not kept and statistical proof of the suspected correlation cannot be calculated. This may prove a worthy subject of a future experiment.) Despite the sizeable sample, none were under lion attack. This guy sciences.
To shreds you say?
Can you play mumbly peg with it?
Because in the US they half arsed it with chip and signature whereas everywhere else in the world uses chip and PIN. It's not checking your signature against anything, it's just storing it in case of fraud claims.
