Damn their continuity
Well then watch Bento. Its about the great quest for Bento and kicking the shit out of other people to get it. Good animation too.
I couldnt watch strike witches for this same reason.
Lets bring up an anime that isnt perverted and still has a badass tank. Valkyria Chronicles.
The Fifth Element.
I always kept some old laser tanks and a few hover tanks in the store rooms just in case that main squad is out scenario ever happened.
Fuck that, once they started to hit the waiting lines... game over.
The nighttime one should drop off a downvote before receiving upvote
How could you miss that amazing instagram plug? &gt;Thanks! Everyone has enjoyed it &amp; expressed support. Check out my hairdresser's instagram: instagram.com/kenziethehappyfairy/
Duck had priorities.
Hi Everybody!
How else are we to introduce a prehistoric pathogen into the population?
All you need it 1 map with well placed starting positions and bam, FFA is a thing. And you dont balance those modes. They are fun, thats it.
I do. Need Italian Amedeo Guillet commander.
Then the way he walked off immediately
He's got to be my favorite. Shows what an Italian was capable of even if they got rekt in the overall war. Its hard to find good information of any forces not German, US, Brit, or Russian (western campaign). I love finding out about the other players. The eastern Manchurian campaign for Russia is also really interesting to look into.
USF - rifle focus with medium armor play Werhmacht - flexible army around rifles or support weapons with medium and heavy armor options Soviet - flexible army with cheaper rifles and support weapons. Can do a medium armor focus or heavy armor call ins. OKW - support army with front line base options, quirky vehicles, heaviest armor in the game and assault engineers. Odd assortment of light to heavy options available
Something something plans are useless but planning is invaluable - Patton
Since that was how the first AC started I never played any of them. I really wish the animus was never a thing.
The m16 is the same price as the m60 which is ridiculous. An AK is only about 25 cents a shot. An m60 should be around $1 a bullet. M16 should be ~~15 to 20 cents.~~ 30-35 cents
Fun part is you can change the average parts up. Now brace yourself as an attractive woman on the internet. This thread invites ruin!
Dude i feel you. We're so middle road its ridiculous. Its like pic a side features, ugly or good looking. Not ugly enough to shun, not good looking enough to pursue.
Thats what I get for being old these days. Couldn't find it for less than about 30 cents a shot. Ammo has been in a shortage for what seems like forever now.
Give a GR 2 ancestor rings and throw high crit knives all day. My GR is basically my stress control because she crits so often.
Bring a PD to a cannon fight. Throw the crackle bomb to stun the rifleman and cannon match lighter and you only have to deal with 1 blademan while you focus down the cannon. Plague doctor is amazing. It can stun 2 targets in a fight.
They desert and a dungeon later in a random room you should have to fight them.
Blur did my favorite trailer of all time with Rise of Legends.
I started a SoK grind in the earliest part of the dungeon you could. Found the sword and continued with the game. By the time I got out of there I had 4 swords.
Same here. Mr. Wilson you were a G with your last call for ice cream.
Americans shot prisoners of war and raped german civilians but that was missing from the first CoH. That happened. I have a feeling someone would just downvote and keep their double standard but that fucking happened.
And we can recognize that every single nation committed rape, looting, and even murder during ww2. Its a war. That being said the game is called Company of Heroes not Company of War Crimes.
Oh the murder of all those partisans just didn't happen in your campaign I guess. Or murdering all of your own people inside their homes with fire. You must of played a different game.
It wasn't intentional. But I like to imagine it was and that was some Gundam Wing level piloting.
All infantry models have 80 hp.
That happens when someone invades your country and deems you subhuman. 9 million lives sacrificed for an ungrateful world. And yet you miss the point completely. Its company of heroes buddy. Not company of criminals.
Mail order that bride. From what i hear you got about an 80% chance of those working.
Yet if they weren't there and didn't throw those soldiers into the fray you'd either be speaking German or Europe would just be Britain and Germany. But thank you for proving the point of this conversation. The west doesn't give a shit about Russia and never has despite relying on them to do 80% of the heavy lifting.
And with all these mechanisms in play it was a handful of top governing officials making these decisions but it served to demonize several tens of millions of people who actually did the dirty business of winning World War 2.
Gen 10s are fools who failed to see the superiority of the watermelon tag. Gen 9 for life bitches.
I'm more for understanding the parties involved and giving credit where credit is due rather. In respects to depicting a side in a game using the term heroes loosely they didn't do a very good job.
I think it was a sarcastic crass remark parroting the one made in that top comment summarizing silvermans work and efforts while being denied funding.
Yeah, for being as intent as you are at being correct, you can see what he said right there. And he didn't say what you said he did.
Unless you wrecked somewhere below Chile and hit that one band of water that goes all the way around the globe.
I dunno I saw The Cure once and now I don't have cancer. I may not have had cancer before.
Poo should be surrounded by his fangirls.
Thank you. That allowed me to find the specific video. You were right! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=07S6rFgOSdg&amp;noredirect=1
Tight community? Half of us here are old players who quit and continue to watch the plane crash and burn. The other half is mixed between people willing to defend the games mistakes and those that point out the mistakes in an ill fated attempt to make the game better. In the end, none of these people agree on anything.
Yeah, you never snapped their neck. This actually happens all the time. Between grunts and specters. And if you shoot one before it kills the other they thank you. On the flip side, if their team killed you before you snapped their neck they would still be alive.
I have a feeling there won't be a single prominent Bothan featured in that movie if they even have Bothans depicted at all. And I will be *pissed*. Bothan Commandos were legit. -edit: Apparently that was DS2 instead of the first but Bothans still need to make a film appearance.
Or could be on PC which allows for actual good recordings.
Normal paratroopers would just have to go to base to buy bazookas. And they actually arn't that bad at all. Especially with a soviet ally who has mark target. And they are an option for AT, not your only answer. To supplement jacksons you choose them or 57mm. If you invested into a flak HT or a scott, it could be what you need.
Or murdering the Kastark boy with a chain when he escaped. Which led to the Karstarks murdering 2 lannister boys. Which caused Rob to kill the head of the Karstarks. Which led to them taking the majority of Robs outnumbered army home. Which makes him try to ally again with the Freys. Which didnt work out at all. Rob was actually pretty damn retarded looking back.
GRRM: Bring me the girl and the wookie. Huahuahuah.
That was the shows reasoning just so you know. The book was the cousin. Show was the Karstark boy, which inadvertently leads to the red wedding in the show.
Right now golem cores don't really have anything that differentiates them. The stats used right now are too small. This might change in the future. That being said the easiest way to get cores is to just grow a ton of wheat, or mine out a bunch of dirt and just let it sit around. You could have a fenced in farm that only has 1 exit/entrance to spawn golems in. Straw golems are so weak theres almost no threat to even an untrained farmer gnome. If RoboBob ever changes so that there is a benefit you would just want to collect whatever resource your trying to get a core from and stockpile it and undesignate the stockpile, and just wait. But there's just no reason to do that right now.
Straw :p
Really the biggest difference is consistency. Coh2 has random number generator mechanics. Shots can miss or bounce. Coh1 is much more consistent in damage. Take from that what you will.
He really should go to inXile
When you take your first shot and find out your scope is messed up, generally you can see in what direction it went off target. Then, if you're actually a good shot, you adjust and actually land the second shot right where you want it.
Which is perfectly fine. Do you consider yourself a marksmen of any sort?
I liked him in guardians of the galaxy. I like jurassic park. But im not sold on this "im the alpha, raptors are my bitch" character.
Now do the math taking that money from the super bowl stunt and do something with Fifa that had 3 billion viewers. Become the official manufacturer and sponsor of vevuvelas.
Ive had that epiphany a few times in life. Its the same ones all vegans and vegetarians have. I've just consigned myself to never hang out with a cow. Cognitive dissonance. Animals are much smarter than given credit for, but remain delicious.
I only ever bought Halos for the split screen coop. But times change. Most of my friends dont live anywhere near me. As long as coop remains in some form, thats all that matters. Ill take an epic experience over local split screen.
Why are they getting out of the trench? Fucking dog company man.
"There's some kids starving in Africa!" Oh yeah so let me be a gluttonous fat ass and eat more than I need.
They should also get an accuracy bump to at least be on par with conscripts. They have atrocious accuracy values.
A speeding ticket really can destroy lives taking a few hundred away from people who don't have much.
All I want is a very simple combo system. The sword and gunplay was pretty sweet, but the sword play was missing just a little bit of magic to tie it all together. Like instead of just slash slash slash being your option, they should tie in some animations for slash slash blow the shit out of them with your magic.
While I really want to agree, as I remember that boss fight in the lava pit I had to restart like 30 times, but it felt so so good beating that shit. Brought back memories of how gaming used to be in terms of having a level that was just difficult as shit.
I remember there was some stuff in line with single abilities, but there was no way to cleanly chain 2 different abilities. You want to wave attack? Thats all your gonna do. It's been awhile for me too so it's hard to articulate but it seemed locked into one moveset. Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed the shit out of Shadow Warrior.
He said "Take Care". Thats 2 words! This discrepancy on reddit must be corrected!
Reminded me of the picture on reddit yesterday. I couldn't find the imgur one with everybody, but here's the slide that's relevant. http://oddstuffmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/athletebodies02.jpg "Bodybuilders" vs "weightlifters"
If they did a week of having the physics back to where you could ride vehicles I would be back so fast. I get it, 9 MAXs on a scythe is stupid. But your playerbase would explode. Plus the trailer of hopping on air vehicles would be possible rather than impossible as it is now. I always hated that trailer.
Can you describe what makes the mod fun or good?
Should have this dogs face superimposed over the dr who tunnel with the 1963 theme playing.
One reason would be a lot of people never gave it a chance. A second reason was it was limited to Origin for PC. Not being on Steam is pretty much a death sentence for a game, with a few exceptions. Third, that map pack split really did ding the player base. Releasing maps for free later helped, but it was kinda too little too late. And really, the smart pistol drama didn't help the game sell. I and many others had/have no problem with it, but it does limit your appeal to those who find such weapons distasteful.
Ive never heard of this subreddit till this recent drama. Now i see fat hate everywhere. Before: no exposure. Now: full, unwanted, hard to remove exposure. Good job mods.
It used to be. Under the former owners.
Roose Bolton.
One way would to designate or vote for a leader. OWS went on for far too long with people saying "oh we dont have a leader!". And that's why you accomplished jack shit.
Dlc or microtransactions are only refunded for valve titles. Suck it up.
Microtransactions or dlc refunds are only available for valve titles.
So elegant to fill rubber skins with a finite limited resource to kill whales. So elegant.
If being rich and enjoying the spotlight is ruling people have done it longer than her. Comparing a figurehead to an actual ruler is a bit disingenuous.
You.... You do know when the first one came out dont you? Does your computer run at least windows 3.1 or windows 95? You're good.
As the sword is sorta what the game is all about you may wish to just stick to serious sam or doom. As i didnt have any issues with the game, but i used the sword.
Doom Guy, Serious Sam, Wang, and Duke. What a team.
You didn't read the article. There was 1 hot air balloon. The rest were helium balloons.
Read the fucking article
Build one on top :P
Did this happen recently? As its an old school bug but it happens really infrequently.
Wouldnt mind a grunt with a jetpack or something. Just not full on AI pilots.
The dragon in the books didn't give a shit about Dany, only cares about the blood and carnage, and Dany used a fucking whip to beat him into submission before he burned her alive. Book Dany is best Dany. Not this meek little doll who hesitantly climbs her little child when its being actively attacked by thrown spears. Get a fucking move on girl so we can see a poorly CGI'd flight scene.
Its no different from the camp followers of ancient times. When you marched with 10 or 20 thousand soldiers you also had their families, supply trainers, brothels, gambling halls, and all sorts following the soldiers around.
Its not impossible. OP didnt read his own link. Sometimes the lake is gone entirely. You do not need to measure its depth as you can just wait till its empty. That, and when its full of water the depth changes. Its a stupid scenario to even be deconstructing. This TIL is dumb.
Drug problem? Eh. No biggie. But the rumor I heard was shes got warts.
If by deficient you mean retarded, which we all know you do, you can't change that. But you can change the asshole. You seem to have worded that that the oblivious guy can be changed while the asshole makes his choice. We saw Kelso grow up. And he was still retarded. Hyde meanwhile turned into a pretty decent guy.
Hyde and Foreman were best friends. Kelso was a funny idiot and Fez was a hanger on. It's amazing to me how many people never had a friend like Hyde.
Welcome to hel-... I mean reddit.
Checking my saves we have: Outpost Laria - 1 year The Lonely Tower - 3 years Malachite Village - 6 years Arkadia - 7 years Wateria - 8 years (damn you water mechanics!) Deep Downs - 40 years Gnomepire - 42 years .... AMA
[Plebian!](http://www.poppowwow.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/tetris.jpg)
Well at least there's a vague internet history of this logged. I mean if you were down for such a scenario with a willing partner I would be excepting notarized letters of consent or some shit in todays age.
Idle paces around. Sitting at a chair you have a "job" of sorts assigned.
Chinese tourists give notoriously few fucks
Seeing as hows its never really been done I want a game that does future tech right. The game where everyone and everything is overpowered. The stupidest thing to me is playing some future shooter like doom 3 and having 30-50 bullets only in a magazine.
In 1v1 you arn't smurfing after 10 games. You're in the matchmaking. I as a 3 time Prestige lvl 100, if I wanted to play noobs I can just mix in 1 different player into our team games and we get 10 new games against new people.
Because besides facial hair and hairstyle unless you get into a horrific accident you don't look that different from 5 year time changes. "It's almost like its the same person!".
Not really. The sale includes a boat plus a mainland boat dock. I imagine you wouldn't want to live there all the time either. I can fit damn nears a week worth of food supplies in a simple backpack. Get a water reclaiming system set up and you just eliminated 90% of the weight of a resupply.
Designed to be fun? Look up the Planetside 2 video about nerfing fun. Their reasoning there was "balance" but it made for a far less enjoyable experience.
You posted too much for knowing too little. Pilots get a radar warning before a missile is ever fired. Just look at vietnam pilot reports.
The island is regularly supplied with high class escorts.
About 11 million
Good find. I didn't think about it till your post but makes sense.
Except they really don't. Besides being taller. Theon looks like Reek already.
He owed him one courtesy. And he delivered.
Live by the ego die by the ego. When keeping it real goes completely as expected.
It doesn't happen often, but just to brighten your day sometimes when a USF soldier lies dying and wounded, you can hear him say "momma.." right before he expires.
It's simple. We must kill the Deerman.
I wish I could strap a hunter killer missile to the side of it or something. It's a perfectly good chassis being under utilized.
While I can't claim to be an end source, as I just used to update the wiki a lot and have more time logged than I like to admit, I can confirm in whatever capacity that is that this is indeed what happened.
[Some of these lines can get intense](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j5lqyYLb0m0) Despite the bad accent. Some of the ones that stuck out to me was "new guys stay on my ass" and "I think we'll win eventually yes, I just don't think any of us will live to see it" - German soldier
It makes gathering narco berries stupid easy
There really is something special about 316 but were already max popped 24/7
Well, that did happen in Fallout 1. Another vault guys corpse is right outside the vault.
Nope, only scorps. Roaches were an F2 addition.
My 2 favorite games right now are Gnomoria and Ark: Survival Evolved. Both early access. Ive sunk hundreds of hours into both. No regrets. Ark is pretty damn amazing. It puts Rust and Day Z to shame. And it actually gets updated.
You should of included the stat screen for it!
There's 2 stats you need to consider. Health, and torpor. When it reaches max torpor it's out. Tranq arrows and a low melee attack scorpion have the highest damage/torpor ratio, followed by slingshot and then fists. If you train a scorpion for the task of knocking stuff out, raise anything you want except melee damage. Animals can vary in torpor levels but you'll find things like Brontosaurus, TRex, and Spinosaurus (excluding that death trap of an ocean) have the highest torpor.
It wouldnt
Dhanayris. khaleesi however you spell her name. Lets see how game of thrones plays out taking away one of the biggest and lamest characters.
1 then 2. The series used to have true sequels and tightly controlled lore. That didn't happen with 3. 1 ties into 2. 3 has nothing to do with anything and is full of shoehorned elements.
It should have higher base stats all around. Its just randomly assigned.
Just the issue of tangible bullshit rewards for a preorder that walks the same line as pay to win.
EA is more like Stalin. Decimating its own forces and taking massive losses but can still claim to be winning.
Heres an easy way to put it. Imagine it were BF2 or BFBC2. Most of us have played that. It would be like starting out with the carl gustav while everyone else can only use the RPG 7. A guided missile is almost always better than a straight shot rocket.
I could see medium dinos like trikes, stegas, and carnos have 2 seats while small dinos only have one, with large ones having 3-5+
Not to mention Ark where a mistake can cost you multiple hours work if not more
Not just that. Anyone can make grenades. You dont need anything in a cave to make them. So train an anklyo and grab a few grenades and that metal gate is done. Also what the hell is OP bitching about? Game and content is patched daily, and its early access. If that's an issue for you, you are NOT the type of player who should be buying early access. You have to know what to expect.
Tribe up or gtfo. If you cant protect your assests you shouldnt have them. You have PvE options specifically for you.
What were going to see is the opposite. Caving in to people who refuse to tribe and cant be online to protect solo players stuff. Play single player or PvE. If you play on a PvPvE server you cant bitch at the PvP part. If someone has 8 hours that you dont theres no fixing that.
Id like to try it out myself before i confirm anything
Thats a problem with the mentality of that server. Mine at least this is no one big faction precisely because someone can be smashed if they are deemed a threat. It doesnt stop the game at all. There is no funfamental problem. Go guerilla warfare on their ass if they are the big guys. Split their dinos and get them killed. Steal their shit. Only build sleeping bags and temporary 1 tile bed structures all over the island. But your assuming people just want to build. They have a server for them. Its PvE. And if someone cant handle either of those options they yet have another option of playing on an unofficial server with some nancy admins who can wield their little power stick when someone gets what they perceive to be out of line.
It was 1000 because I have the emails direct to the developer telling him 1000 is too high. So, yeah. I dont think you can convince me otherwise having such definitive proof.
You miss the point. Opportunity is the name of the game. Get people who can cover the tribe base while you yourself are asleep. You guys cant handle the challenge and aren't taking the proper precautions to play in such an environment.
You dont even have to gtfo. One person on our server is happily known as a lone wolf who causes havoc. But if you cant handle loss go to the server that minimizes it.
Shit on the little guy. That's the point. If the little guy doesn't like it, he can go guerrilla warfare or find a tribe. If you want to play by yourself, *play by yourself*.
Our base was in the middle of the map. On a river. Funny enough it was the hardest to find. Everybody else built in that cool canyon or mountaintop or easily defended XYZ. We just built right there at the river's edge. Other people got smashed. We had 20 dino's including 3 rexes, 2 spinos, and 2 brontos that had been just chilling there for 3 days before the reset today. Some people seem to have zero imagination. We turned this wide open base into a death field.
A Tribe of newer players who don't want to entertain the idea of getting bigger than 4 and also failing to realize you can put spike traps on the roof of your base and completely deny flyers. Don't expect to just walk into the dog yard and expect to keep up. Learn. Get Better.
It's not, and it's not. I'm sorry that a very valid form of warfare is particularly devastating to you, but waiting till your enemy sleeps is a classic. We we're worried we might not be awake. So we recruited people on opposite time zones, and then we merged tribes. We are now protected 24/7. It's as simple as you don't want to put in the time and effort to either grow in members or ally with friendly tribes for protection.
The balance of power is completely set by the players. If you dont want dinos potentially wrecking shit go metal. Even a 1 tile box is all you need. But i have a feeling you imagine a full fort in metal. Thats getting ahead of yourself. Our wood fort was fine and we dropped the lvl 50 trex coming at aa with tranq arrows. There are ways to plan and win. People complaining are not exploring them.
Go read the patch notes. I worked with him on the matter directly. You really are not correct on this one.
Let the record show this redditor attempted to jump an entire line of the song. As for us singing it in our head you ruined the tempo!
After that reset we got rid of a bunch of people who couldn't handle such a game. Now more than ever is a reason NOT to neuter the game. Spike traps are NOT hard to acquire and you can put multiple rows of them down. My server has seen an explosion of activity. There is no reason to protect people from raiding because ALL of the tools are already available and people are just refusing to use them.
Likely a tulip rocket
When I was a kid my brother and sister would totally take a stance against bullies. It was only later when we grew older we hated each other.
While true and I have no issue it occurred to me this might be the basis for gender rolls. Little sisters always needing protection from a big brother and learning to rely on it.
I eagerly await this. I need to expand my foreign animation exposure outside of anime.
I'm not really going to delve into how it bleeds outside of siblings every time. An arbitrary idea of some sort of fictitious code isn't going to change how people treat other genders based on their most frequent first hand experiences of doing so.
Hes always come off as a bit of a dick to me. If you link something he acts like hes admin of the whole site trying to enforce rules.
It was propaganda from monkeys. What do you expect? Reason and logic?
Your parents didn't love you. Dinosaur nuggets or gtfo.
They really are rejected cardboard refuse.
This thread bothers me as it's only 4 months old but people acting like something can't happen that was [discovered over 5 years ago](http://www.dailygalaxy.com/my_weblog/2010/12/epic-discovery-nasa-discovers-new-non-dna-based-life-form-to-be-annouced-at-2-pm-est.html). Non-carbon based life was already found.
$2 at the Chicken Coop in Newport. Tried to win one to set it free.
I remember before the GECK came out and the only way to change Fallout 3 was with console commands, I had my followers pretty balanced on stats and hit points while never dying, but just falling unconscious for a few minutes. Allowed for really awesome crazy fire fights between my band of dirty mobsters vs the wasteland. Having followers go unconscious for X amount of time seemed to be the best way of not feeling like your cheesing but also retaining the numbers in your ranks to make the game more of a squad combat thing.
Unless they use their lmg ability that grants suppression
I had 16 dilos and was dropping trexes before getting to that number. Always level health. More dilos is more damage. You want them to survive fights.
I don't care what happened Titanfall 2 needs to have crazy over the top executions. I need to see a Titan suplexed. Preferably by Sabin what i'll take what I can get.
I mean it was. Now it's just a reposted TIL that is mostly false, and never really was true from the time it was posted. Good luck finding a perfumer who would still even buy ambergris let alone pay that much for it. They have long since transitioned into other alternatives. This is a TIL for 20 years ago that is no longer relevant today.
He selects a 2nd egg because he says "shit shit" because he cracked the first egg.
That would require good story telling. Now look at this shiny armor.
Its not unique to Star Wars. Its any fictional history. Its treated akin to real history. You don't just go changing it willy nilly. Sometimes, rarely, retcons can be a good thing. Traditionally they are a sign of people working on a project for financial gain rather than a passion for the content. They just dont care about whats established and just pump out universe content for the sake of it. Comics have gotten away with this for a long time with multiverse theory and that helps me justify it with other franchises, although I myself do get upset with it when it involves stories and universes I highly enjoyed. Warcraft and Fallout are two examples where I think the story has not improved but has been severely tarnished with each new iteration. While the new Star Wars is enjoyable and a good movie it could have addressed a smattering of details to appease fans and be a good *Star Wars* movie. To many it was just Episode 4, 2. I would go into detail but you know, spoilers.
Yet was still foiled by... an x-wing.
I think Rei should of done some sort of cage fighting at night to earn extra credits and show she has some sort of fighting skill. Beating up the thugs with her stick just wasn't enough credit. She was a scavenger, but just have her moonlight as a fighter because Kylo Ren ended up looking like a huge pussy. Then for Deathstar Mk.III? Still taken down by a handful of X-Wings? No capital ships? Frigates? Nothing? 50,000 Tie-Fighters and 30 Star Destroyers arn't standing guard on this thing? They had the resources to build it but not defend it? God damnit. A major ship battle even just having taken place in the background would of been fantastic. Instead we get... more X-Wings. Not even any B-Wings, or Y-Wings. Certainly no A-Wings. Not a shitload of X-Wings either. Like, 50. If that.
Yet the 40 something year old lady behind me still said "Father??" and later with the vader-kylo connection "Grand father?!?!". She clearly understood all the characters and story otherwise but I was ready to break down family trees or at least remind her luke and leia are siblings.
It's a little early so let me try and follow on this subject accurately. I don't really feel obligated to accept and reconcile the substandard content of series I enjoy rather I just accept as fact "this is what i'm going to get". I don't have the personal finances or ability to generate this kind of content myself, and must rely on the industry. **What has incessant complaining gotten any fan of a series?**(edit, case in point my last post is already -1 before finishing this one. Just talking about it leads to people hating on you for pointing out perfectly justifiable things). Mostly derision and a justification to why a story can be lacking. It's just a tired argument. I rather spend time justifying my enjoyment rather than justifying my dislike for a product, while still recognizing for certain intellectual properties that just can't happen. Mostly Fallout and Warcraft. The lack of attention to any details firmly established are things I can't reconcile. Now for me *how* things work in a universe does matter to a good degree. To avoid spoilers in this thread I'll use Fallout as an example. West-Tek created the famous FEV virus that created super mutants in a location on the west coast that was a top secret research facility with 1 other location being the nearby mariposa military base shortly before the nuclear bombs fell that created the world of Fallout. In Fallout 3, it inexplicably shows up on the East Coast in a Vault-Tec facility. These 2 corporations had no relation, and were in fact competitors. I feel this is sloppy story telling. Back to Star Wars, I felt it was a good movie. For me, 2 details could of been included to make it a much better movie without significantly changing any of the story. But that is a spoiler. Going back to addressing universe mechanics, it's actually why I really enjoyed a universe created by author Patrick Rothfuss. In his book magic works on a sort of voodoo level. A good example is if a character wanted to light a candle on the other side of the room, he needs heat. One option is to draw their own body heat to the level needed to light the wick, but that kind of drain can lead to cold shivers. There are quite a few options though. I really like a universe that has a reason why things work. Although personally I don't think the force ever needed midichlorians. Ever.
Recognizing these are works of fiction the closest parallel I can give is real history. You don't get to just alter it. On the flip side there's the comic book approach. No one story is sacred, and any number of different spins have been done. I appreciate both. Lord of the Rings is a series of the former. Batman is a series of the latter. I actually prefer the comic book approach as it doesn't taint whatever continuity has been established in a particular timeline. And the creatives are allowed to work with what they want in respect to those timelines, or any new ones. Believe me the extremes of other side of the aisle are bad. Episodes 1, 2, and 3 for example did pay decent respect to the history and timeline of most things, while lacking any execution. It was miserable. While episode 7 seems to have excellent execution with only a brief glaze of the actual Star Wars universe slapped on. So really there's 2 options. Go with the one universe timeline and pay respect (or don't) to the timeline, or go multiverse and take liberties with it as much as you please. Funny thing is Warcraft is attempting to do the multiverse thing while still making it canon and it's just terrible. They should just admit they wrote themselves into a corner and go with a new take on the same setting. Reboots are perfectly fine imo.
Just for reference none of what I wrote was in defense of the EU. Alright done avoiding spoilers, stop reading if you haven't seen it. Reis ability as a fighter wasn't established firmly for me. If she had some other gig centered around fighting for credits it would of given her credit in defeating an injured Kylo. Second is the lack of the rebel fleet or anything not an x-wing. No A, B or Y wings. No cruisers. No frigates. Nothing but a handful of x'wings to assault a death star the size of a planet, not a moon. Return of the Jedi used a fleet. Something comparable or even bigger should of been needed to address Deathstar 3. Less than 50 X-Wings? Thats dumb. Giving Rei a reason to be a good street fighter and having the rebel fleet would have made the movie for me. Everything else could of been the exact same.
Lore wise they contradict each other and have storylines that intertwine and drop off suddenly. Its an issue arising from those that created the initial story leaving the company and it being picked up by a new quest writer who doesn't pay close attention to what was done before and it ends up with a weak connection to new stuff, or simply not making sense. Its pretty much a perfect case of this very topic. My favorite example being Malygos. An insane dragon that when regaining his sanity declares war on all magic users. Why? To stop the potential invasion of the Burning Legion. Now the BL have conquered thousands of worlds. None have ever withstood it. *Ever*. But in Warcraft 3, you do just that. In no small part because of magic users. Now the BL has a vendetta against Azeroth. You beat off BL invasions no less than 3 times more in WoW. Mostly because of magic users. So now the protector of magic wants to destroy the forces doing the job nobody in the universe ever managed before. This is just one example of the crappy story that is Warcraft.
I just have to point out again none of what I wrote is in defense of the EU. While I am familiar with the EU I preferred Disneys decision to just use episode 6 as a jumping off point.
In regards to the "glaze of starwars" im going to have to break my avoid the soiler rule. It has nothing to do with the EU but everything to do with the original films. Episode 4 had xwings and ywings. By episode 6 you see the evolution of the rebel navy into awings and bwings. Come episode 7 you only see xwings. This is where they got lazy. Adding a few different ships would of shown they know about the universe. That the ywing was an aging design being replaced by the bwing. That the xwing was a space superiority fighter while the awing was an interceptor. Instead to fight the greatest weapon the universe has ever know we get... Xwings. Its just annoying to me that a series that has "war" in its title doesn't have a guy on board that's suppose to make the war and battles seem believable.
Oh i'm sorry I didn't realize discussing something on the internet indicated a status of unchill. Here's a tip, quit reading everything as if the author is upset. You can go ahead and read this one as if they are though, because of your rude comment.
The thing is paying attention to those details just brings things to life that much more. If for instance they wanted to do the hobbled together force, they could of used z-95 headhunters (an early x-wing) and the y-wings they were suppose to replace with b-wings. This is more due to my enjoyment of military hardware though. It would be like doing the Battle of Kursk but for some reason the russians only used Sherman tanks. Sure, Shermans are iconic of the war. But it's not what they should be using. But to most people, I'm sure they wouldn't notice that at all. While to others who know they should be using T34-76 or T34-85 it would drive them nuts. The effect is the same. The Russians win through superior numbers. But the story is wrong. With todays resources, why did episode 7 seem to just have less... stuff in it than episode 4? The first order had enough resources to make Deathstar Mk. III but not even a small nazy of their own? Their wasn't a single star destroyer in orbit over that thing?
He was the aspect of magic, a guardian entrusted with his position by the Titans who formed the world. He went insane when his brother who he trusted fully betrayed their kind and became Deathwing. Most of his flight was wiped out in an instant. He went insane shortly after and remained so until eggs of the Ethereal dragonflight were brought out in his presence. Then he went insane episode 2.
His reasoning was all jacked and and if successful would create the exact scenario he was attempting to avoid. The world would be destroyed by the Burning Legion if he destroyed the worlds best defense against it. And this is a dragon aspect meant to represent wisdom as well.
To elaborate on that point a little, the story was heading in a much different direction in his case. Many quests were done to heal him of his insanity. He literally declares war on his own saviors. Its just a really bad reasoning to be used as a raid boss. It also contradicts everything involving him up to that point. Its obvious he had a story going for him that someone else decided to change for reasons.
I don't know why this upsets you so much.
I would point to the one thing held sacred by Lucas among all things in this regard. The Toys. They had the specs, and the reasoning for why the rebels did what they did. X-wing manufacturers couldn't get an imperial contract, so sold to the alliance. By Jedi, A-wings were explained as the alliance response to tie-fighters, gaining a speed advantage over them. The B-Wing was meant to have a more prominent role in the films, but was too thing to use on the green screens right. The Y-wings were explains as old clunkers still in use by the alliance for their superior armor. This is all stuff established in the 70's and 80's and for all intents and purposes, given proper respects. It wasn't EU material. It was stuff written down the original movie staff and explained by them. That stuff was later cataloged into the books meant to curate the universe for what it was. Just having played with the toys, the games, and reading a few of the technical books this is the kind of stuff I paid attention to since a kid. This feeling: &gt;I mean, I could be upset about your hypothetical WW2 film, but that would be because it's getting something wrong about an actual event is simply the same one anyone has about a fake history they "know" just as much as real history. In regards to: &gt;establishing the film's credentials by using iconic ships and so on I would say the inclusion of nothing but the B-Wing would have established credibility, while the inclusion of other ship variants like the rebel fleet, all of which were assets seen and established in Return of the Jedi, would be going above and beyond to actually make it a better Star Wars movie. Keep in mind none of this changes the overall story. The whole bromance dialogue, similarities with story between 4 and 7, all that could stay. Just at least try and do something bigger and better than the Death Star 2 battle, as the Death Star 3 is clearly bigger and more devastating than either of it's former iterations. Yet took much less to destroy.
I just don't see it as a detriment rather than... Well telling the story. It all comes down to how things evolve. It doesn't matter it I know where Jabbas retinue is from or what they did before they came onto his service. But Y-Wings for example where used because the alliance was a cash strapped faction. That is a story detail I do think is important. Like, in 7 the scale just wasnt felt. Alderaan felt way more powerful than the loss of 5x more planets. The first order doesnt seem to have the presence of the empire but completely outclassed them economically with thr building of death planet. The empire felt big and scary in 4-6. In 7 the first order is just given resources that is some ways are massively superior to the empires while lacking any means to actually sustain it. Why pool resources into death planet rather than military forces? Sure its pedantic but these things stand out. I just dont feel giving it some attention would detract from anything. Rather it would greatly improve it.
While with the empire its just taxes. They were the Old Republic. They just took over everything and had control of thousands of planets. Only in the outer rim was their power not absolute. Grand Moff Tarkin was in the process of clearing and pacifying those areas when he died unexpectedly on Death Star 1. I have no idea what the First Orders holdings are let alone any sort of power base.
How about a news station willing to just throw up the logos when they talk? Is there anything preventing someone from doing that? Even a podcast?
You seem pretty torn up over it. Need a hug buddy?
Hey man whatever floats your boat. Let's leave nothing off the table.
But if I am dog, who is phone?
Maybe a polaroid picture. It wasn't always easy to screenshot.
Ah man my friend just had me pick up battlefield 4 and the first 2 nights was just "7 hitpoints?!? Wtf is this shit?" watching guys take 5 machine gun rounds to the body. Makes me want to make him get RO2.
Actually being able to talk to people and have conversations does in fact grow a person. Whether it being discussion a mutual interest or someone who doesn't agree with your sentiment at all. Kinda like this post. Seems funny to try and discredit the notion from OP themselves.
Bonus, her mother is also her sister
Sara Lee with a bimbo momster? Gotta be a hillbilly.
