There's always going to be that one guy who shotguns the good craft beer, that's why you always bring a crappy flat of Molson dude.
Put it something like a septum clicker to make taking it out and putting it back in less of a hassle.
If your building has 4 meters, then it also has 4 panels. It is strange that all 4 of these panels would be in an area that isn't accessible to you, is there a portion of the building that you aren't able to get to? It's really difficult to wire a duplex, triplex or fourplex incorrectly and cross wires over. You don't just haphazardly jump from one room in one unit to another room a different unit. It's just not something that is going to happen very often. You said that you check voltages at all of your outlets and were able to roughly confirm that 8 of 9 were on a single 120v leg of your panel, probably not a big surprise because with that few receptacles, they are honestly probably all on the same circuit. Things you haven't taken in to account are lights being in the other leg of your panel. What about large plug-in appliances like your fridge? Or did you pull it out from the wall to test the voltage? Kitchen hoodfan or Microwave OTR, dishwasher, washing machine? It is EXTREMELY unlikely that there is anything wrong. The only thing I could see being an issue is the ungrounded outlets and your electronics.
They say that until there is a fire and guess who the first person to get a finger pointed at is going to be.
Again, those are HOME speeds, you can get way faster speeds for businesses because you're needing to possibly provide Internet for hundreds of employees, not just 4 people
State of the art machines.... AMD processors and 8.00GB of RAM with no mention of MHz.
I have a friend who despite finally agreeing with me that it was Laurie after weeks of arguing with him that there was no 'r' at the end, still just says Laurier. This was probably 8 years ago. I don't know if it's out of habit or just to spite me.
Seeing as there is no 'i' between the 'v' and 'ous', no it isn't.
It's just because we have the Internet now that it seems so consistent. Not saying that it makes any of it justifiable, but you get national and world wide news now, instead of local only.
Weapon checks are pretty much standard now to make sure nothing is sharp, or real. And you get a bright zip-tie or something similar attached to said weapon.
The old brown is 219, reddish brown is 192.
*sips root beer*
If only I had a bunch of white croissants to make stone statues at the top of all of my buildings like the Parisian Restaurant.
Ya, I hadn't thought of that until after I edited my response. At least it's only 1 piece that is wrong then!
Edit: double
Based on the picture, it looks like the majority of your house is fed with multi-wire branch circuits. This is 2 hots with a shared neutral. The thing that you will want to look for are quad breakers. There will be 4 handles on them, a pair in the middle tied together for 240V, as well as a single15A on the top and bottom. You do need to make sure though that you aren't putting too many circuits in your panel, on the sticker on it there should be two numbers separated by a slash. Based on the panel schedule picture you posted, your panel has 30 breaker slots, so the number should be "30/XX". The second number is the maximum number of circuits you can have in the panel, you aren't allowed to exceed that number. Edit: the part number you'll want is HOMT1515215, you can swap the last 3 numbers with 220, 230, 240, or 250 to change the rating of the middle 2 breakers. You can also change the first numbers to 2020 to have single 20s depending on your needs.
What does the left side of your panel look like? It looks like you have a couple more tandem breakers over there that could possibly be changed to quads to make room. It also looks like the bottom right breaker is a 2-pole 20A, but both wires are black, are you able to confirm that those two black wires come from separate 12/2 cables with independent neutral wires?
ITT: people who don't know the difference between a spoiler and an airfoil.
The lights going through Kensington all the way up to the University is a completely separate problem. As much as it slows down traffic a bit, southbound doesn't bottleneck anything close to as badly as northbound. They need to look as sinking Crowchild through that whole corridor through Kensington and designing similar to how Glenmore is now.
Any deep fryer that I've seen or owned in the last 10 years has a magnetic cord attachment on the back of the unit so that if you pull the cord, it just comes apart at the magnet, takes barely any force to detach them. Until they make the countertop mounted plug boxes cheaper and I find a builder that won't make me pay for the hole in the granite, the only island I would put one on top of would be my own, and that's just because I think they're cool, not that I find them necessary.
62-202 (2) - A manually operable control for an electric heater in a bathroom shall be located at least 1m from the bathtub or shower stall, this distance being measured horizontally between the control and the bathtub or shower stall, without piercing a wall, partition, or similar obstacle. (3) If the condition in Subrule (2) is not practicable, a manually operated control shall be permitted to be located not less than 500mm from a bathtub or shower stall provided that it is * (a) protected by a ground fault circuit interrupter of the Class A type; or * (b) supplied by a Class 2 circuit operating at not more than 42.4V peak or DC. Don't see any mention of a sink in here.
We got ourselves a good old Canadian fight going on here. I'll meet you for a hockey game in the Tim Horton's parking lot in 15 minutes so we can truly settle this.
Bathroom vs. washroom. Every single **bathroom** code exists because of the tub or shower, not because of the sink. I'm going to get a picture of a panel located right beside a toilet in a washroom just to make you pull your hair out.
Of course I'm a little angry. Multiple other people are arguing against you, multiple codes have been brought up showing that you are wrong, direct definitions from the code book for the differences between a washroom and a bathroom. And you're still just like "Meh, not in my opinion."
I've never had an issue with my Telus 50, but I'm on fibre too. Are these your speeds on wifi? Or LAN?
He's just going to either find a scabby master whose willing to ruin his reputation for a few extra bucks to pull them for him. Or just not pull a permit when he should.
I heat gunned 2.5" just last week, just had to kick it over to a wall by about 4 inches so I could transition it to EMT. Can confirm that it took a solid 45 minutes to get it warm enough.
Might want to check the StanData, had more than one thing from there turn up on a test while in school.
This situation with both trailers and food trucks has been a pretty common question over the last few months. Run as much as you can off of propane and minimize your electricity. It's not really feasible yet to live off of 100% solar with the need of MASSIVE battery banks. You could easily run all of your lighting off of it by making sure it is 12 LED, and a few general purpose outlets to charge phones and stuff. But you're not going to be able to put in full sized stove, fridge, microwave and dishwasher in that thing, it's just not going to happen. Propane fridge, propane stove, everything else is an unnecessary luxury. Use laundromats to wash your clothes, hand wash your dishes, a microwave is almost a guaranteed no as almost all of them are 1000W or higher. If you really need a TV or computer, look at a small 3000W generator, you can get some that are pretty quiet nowadays.
Pretty sure that 50% of the posts on here from homeowners have them referring to breakers as fuses, or at least calling a breaker panel a fuse box.
I'm actually pretty impressed they were able to get it squeezed in to an octagon box.
Splice and pigtail all the things!
Generally that Velcro is to wrap the cord up when it isn't in use... Also, I've got a pretty big power hogging laptop and the power adapter is rated for 2.25A input, and 9.5A outlet. Smaller units generally have closer to like 3.5A output. To compare that being wrapped in Velcro, with wrapping 8x power home runs that could be pulling close to 100A of power if most were under nearly full load with Velcro, is pretty ridiculous.
If you punch or drill a hole and put in a plastic bushing, you are perfectly fine to run romex. How do you think you're supposed to run cat5 or coax through steel studs when you can't get them in as an armoured cable. Same rules apply.
No, not for temp, this is the permanent install, panels tend to be a little more industrial looking over here in the US/Canada. I wish our panels were cleaner looking and mostly plastic like other places around the world.
As long as they don't get worn for days at a time without cleaning, they shouldn't cause any problems.
They all need to be interconnected in Canada too. But you are able to get wireless ones now that only need a 120V power source, and you pair them to talk to each other wirelessly. I would also call a local inspector. I'm in Alberta and got an email about 2 months ago saying that we're going to be required to have a detector on each floor, PLUS one in every bedroom. Also, any detectors on a floor that have bedrooms, or some form of gas burning appliance (fireplace, stove, furnace, etc), need to be smoke/co combination detectors. You also need an extra one in your furnace room if it is framed separately from the rest of the living area of the floor it is located on. Edit: I'm not sure if your house has a basement, you didn't mention in your post, but if it does and you were hoping to get away with not having to add one down there because you weren't doing work down there, be completely prepared to be asked to add them in the basement too.
Your ground and bonding system needs to be a completely interconnected. You can't just add a new ground in the barn without it being connected to the house. If you were to get a surge or major ground fault, the fault could go through the ground and up through the other ground at your barn and completely mess up either one of these units. There have been lots of problems over the last number of years because guys aren't properly being taught when to bond, or when to ground. So they just pound a ground rod in because they think it's protecting their equipment, and it's because of the ground rod that their equipment ends up getting ruined when something goes wrong. Under ideal circumstances, you should be putting a small sub panel out there, or at least a 15A circuit that you can bond to, or when you're running your Ethernet cable, run a ground wire in the same conduit, because you shouldn't be direct burying Ethernet cable anyways.
Have you properly paired up the remote and receiver in the ceiling? On both there are usually 4 dip switches to match up the frequencies. The idea behind these is that you're technically just supposed to hook up the fan receiver directly to 120V power instead of a switch leg, and control the unit with the remote and ignore the switch. But you can also get wall switches that can pair with the receiver as well. I've gotten so many calls from owners saying their fan stopped working because one of their kids opened up the remote and had hit a dip switch and changed the frequency.
You want to use the existing light box as a junction box, leave it there because it is also being used for your door chime transformer, that is what the unknown device is. Just need to splice a new wire on to the wire that is going to the existing light, white to white, black to black, all 3 grounds together. Use the proper wire knockouts and clamps on the sides of the box and get a round blank cover for it, don't leave the box open.
Besides buying isolation transformers, you're basically out of luck unless your boxes are secretly grounded. I'm pretty sure it was the 1968 NEC that finally changed to requiring a ground on receptacles, so anything prior to that might have a ground wire to the box, but wasn't required to the receptacle. As for adding grounds to all of your receptacles, it's a huge pain, and yes, 99% of the time it's going to involve wall damage. What usually gets done nowadays is to add a GFCI outlet at the beginning of the circuit, and have all of the receptacles downstream of it on the load side. When the GFCI reads a difference in current on the hot and neutral, it cuts out, assuming it's going to the "ground" that you don't actually have, but this doesn't help you against surges.
Can I somehow find you IRL and give you a hug for this asset?
Can you take a photo of the nameplate? Is the equipment able to be hooked up with 208v 3-phase or 240v single-phase? Usually the nameplate will say both but the 250v falls under the +/- 10% that most equipment is rated to handle. It just seems strange that a piece of such expensive equipment that can be hooked up to single or 3-phase, wouldn't be able to take a slightly higher voltage, which is pretty common nowadays.
From the factory, the receptacle and switches should be pretty much the same distance out from the wall as the front of the faceplate, as long as you have the same brand devices and faceplates. Sounds like you're just extra picky about stuff like this, which is fine. But just remember that you can always tighten them a little more, but once you've over tightened, then you've got to take the whole thing off to bend the ears back.
Or you know, they hit the reverse button.
I don't get why this is always a question regarding dental work. They shoot your mouth so full of novacaine that you could bite your tongue off and not feel it. Everyone dreads root canals, I finally had to have one last year, didn't feel a thing. Got all 4 wisdom teeth pulled with nothing but novacaine on February, took longer for the freezing to take full affect than it did for them to pull the teeth and sew me up.
The tester could easily just pick up some voltage being induced on to the ground wire with that many wires all coming through that tiny space. Can I ask why you took all them apart in the first place? I'm assuming there was a light there previously that you are replacing with the fan, and the wires were all nicely twisted together with wire nuts.
That's exactly how it works, just plug in wherever. Only problem is that there is no larger pin for a neutral prong, so anything polarity sensitive might not work 50% of the time. Also the obvious no ground.
I blame Glee.
The spray foam usually comes with a small plastic hose that you can stick through the hole, you can't expect to fix this and NOT get ANY in the box, it's just not going to happen. Once the foam dries, just pick out what little bit does end up in the box.
Its the same thing here in NA, but that's not how the game works. If you've got a road that only allows buses, then only buses can use it. You can't put in exceptions.
Lego online store has the First Order Snowspeeder up with an estimated ship date of January 16, so maybe around then?
At least this is something in the news other than "hey guess what, oil is still dropping and the economy still sucks, just in case you thought it would be any different than 3 days ago".
There is absolutely nothing wrong with having a Nema 10-30R for a dryer, you have a hot/hot/ground run to the dryer, and instead of a separate neutral, you bond the neutral to the ground at the dryer itself. It's perfectly safe, and meets code. Source: licensed journeyman electrician. Between this and your post in /r/electricians, you seem like the biggest pain the ass tenant, and all you're going to do is piss off your landlord. You can't honestly expect all 125 million homes in the US can be expected to be brought up to the current NEC every 3 years when they update it, that's absolutely absurd.
For the Sharp Angles mod, you need road anarchy, and it allows for overlap on roads like this at the same height, but you still need no pillars mod for stacking.
I use both No Pillars and road anarchy, I find that I don't use No Pillars quite as often anymore, because of it, but there are certain times when I do absolutely need to (like building elevated train tracks overtop of a road for downtown trams). I still get the problems with the weird zoning with the No Pillars, and just have to fix it afterwards. The worst thing is when you accidentally leave No Pillars set to overlap instead of collide, and you don't notice until you start zoning a bunch of houses on top of your roads. Just have to fix it afterwards, I don't think there is any way for the mod creator to change it. Road Anarchy is what highlights the road blue when you will be colliding.
That's a ruling here too, but 1.5m, so a little less. But inspectors allow it for the panel feeds only. The code says exposed wiring requires mechanical protection through conduit , or by some other means. And they consider the fact that the panel is in a mechanical room that people rarely go in to, an acceptable form of "other means". The wires can't get damaged if they are somewhere where no on ever is.
Reading the box, it looks like it's just named "resistance xwing fighter", also a piece count drop of 300 compared to Poe's xwing. I'm sure one will come out eventually, but this seems to be a horrible Photoshop job kept at a low quality on purpose.
Well it would technically be "grains of rice", just like "lego bricks".
If you change all of your off ramps to the actual single lane offramp, instead of a 2-lane one-way road, all of that traffic should start using the middle and left lane, instead of just the left. Because you used a 2-lane road for exits, this turns the far right lane into an exit only lane, and the middle lane in to an "exit or straight through" lane. But because of how the AI works, even vehicles that are going straight won't use the middle lane because it can be an exit lane. All you need to change is the first section of the exit though, then keep the rest 2-lane. You could also download an improved AI mod, and it helps greatly.
I absolute love vip's customer bridge, but I almost threw my mouse across the room while trying to terraform and line two of them up close enough so that it wasn't noticable. Something with roads right in the asset would be amazing. But annoying that you couldn't change them at the same time.
You should be able to find it on the exterior of the house somewhere, unless it got covered by siding or stucco. If it's an older house, it probably goes straight to where the main TV in the living room was, and no where else.
You must value your time at like $5/hr if you think the $300 in savings is worth the time you're going to waste doing this.
&gt;* bond water heater pipes in garage, Bare #6 is pretty expensive (or at least not cheap) &gt;* correct "double lugging" in breaker panel, Depending on how many are double lugged, this could require as many as 10 new breakers, and if the new require AFCI, can cost up to $30 each &gt;* install three GFCI outlets in kitchen (replacing existing non-GFCI outlets), If you've got kitchen plugs fed with 14/3, which is common in older houses, this can't be done with a simple GFCI outlet, you need a 2-pole GFCI breaker which can be $100 each &gt;* replace GFCI outlet on deck and install new water proof cover, Pretty simple, nothing fancy &gt;* install dimmer (already purchased) in living room Again simple &gt;-- for labor and parts (excluding the dimmer switch which I've already bought), I'm being quoted **~$700**. With everything listed above, I'd say that's a pretty big price. Plus, you live in SF, which from what I've seen in the new recently, costs about $2000/month to rent a cardboard box. People need to pay their rent, including the electrician you are hiring. Not to sound rude, but if you can afford to live in San Fransisco, you can afford $700.
Anything that has a transformer in it will use a small amount of power while idling. Your furnace has a transformer to step the voltage to 24v for the control circuit. If you have a cell phone charger plugged in to the wall, even if your phone isn't charging, it using a very small amount of power, that's just how transformers are. You also know that even if you maxed out everything like you said, 8w for 5 minutes, 6 times a day, that it would take 21 days for you to be charged an extra 1kwh. This is something that is literally costing you 15 cents a month, and you're going through all of this to figure out what it is.
Not that I've ever seen, any USB plugs have only one terminal each for hot/neutral/and ground. If you want half switched, you need to upgrade to a 2-gang box, have the USB always on and a second normal outlet switched.
Have never seen stranded cat5 in my life, according to google it's a thing, but how can you push tiny stranded wire in to a male RJ45 end?
He probably had 2-prong outlets in his last place and couldn't plug it in, so just took it off, and doesn't remember I guess. Removing the ground doesn't instantly make something a fire hazard or shock hazard though. You ground the pieces of equipment that you don't want energized, so that IF they get energized, the breaker trips. Removing that ground doesn't cause everything on it to suddenly become energized and hazardous though, it just means that IF something were to go wrong inside the fridge (highly unlikely), there would be nothing to cause it to trip the breaker. Not just saying you shouldn't just replace the cord end, because you should, just throwing out info.
If there was a wall plate on the outlet, how would you see a flash behind it? Are you sure it wasn't just a flash from the prong of the cord to the outlet itself?
If you've got crappy old backstabbed receptacles, and you are plugging in anything that pulls a decent amount of power, you can almost be guaranteed that there will be a flash behind the outlet. The backstab is loose and you're plugging in something that draws 1000W so the power jumps from the wire in the backstab to the metal of the outlet.
Walk to the kitchen. Or hire an electrician to pull a new circuit to your office just for your kettle, which depending on how much of a pain it is to get to your panel, could cost a few hundred dollars, so just walk to the kitchen.
Just fucking sit down. All that spray going on the bottom of the toilet seat, and walls to the left and right. Guess where the last direction is? Right back at you, your pants are getting covered in piss every time you stand up and use the toilet. Coming from a guy who has been sitting down to pee unless there is a urinal for the last 5 years.
Use 1-way roads to trucks don't cross over the road to make deliveries, which blocks traffic. This also prevents them from going out the same way they got in.
You're most likely mistaken at them being completely reversed. Most likely scenario is that one of the wires is power in to the box, simple hot and neutral. Two of the other wires are power out to other devices, simple hot and neutrals again. The forth wire is your switch, the white wire was acting as your power wire down to the switch, hence why it was spliced with the 3 black wires. The black wire is your switch leg back up, that black wire stays by itself and attaches to the black of your fan. That gives you 3 blacks and 1 white in a group, spliced and just pushed in the box. 3 whites spliced together, along with the white from your fan. And a single black spliced to the black from your fan. Now the challenge is to figure out which one goes to the switch.
I observe that you need to put on a tin foil hat and avoid the mothership when it comes for us.
How much did you pay for this "platinum"? Platinum and gold are both similar in price per gram (gold is currently about $1250/oz, platinum is almost $1440/oz), but platinum is more dense than gold, so to make the same sized piece of jewelry, the platinum piece is going to be as much as 60% heavier, and therefore, way more expensive.
If you've got a 240v winding, how would tapping it in the middle change the fact that it's a 240v winding?
From the sounds of it, this isn't trade school to become a journeyman, this is more of a pre-apprenticeship school, then you work on your hours, then you take a test to become a journeyman. I'm not sure if OP could take the red seal exam once he was done with his school.
Ya, searched through some past posts and came across that mod before you replied, 240,000+ phantom lanes.
Is this is a stick frame house where all the wiring will be NM? Or a commercial area where it will all be BX or MC? What is the conduit going to the low voltage side, just 1" plastic smurf tube? Lots of factors involved on top of what information you gave. Are you in the US or Canada? Why can't you just use a unibit to increase the size of the last hole of the mason box to allow a 1" connector?
Sounds like you've got a loose connection somewhere on your power input, you very well may have fried your RCD as well. Perhaps it was actually at the RCD where the loose connection was, and the replacing it will kill 2 birds with 1 stone.
Does the light have 120v across it? Or is your source voltage 120v? I'm assuming you need that 1.15 twice, one for your power in, and one for out? Or is 1.15 the total for both wires?
Both the GFCI and USB cannot fit in a single gang box, you would need a 2-gang, just like with normal devices.
2 days later? You never left to get her or you anything from home for 2 days?
Crazy chemical that literally melts PVC conduit together, clearly water based.
What's wrong with the wire color? Up in Canada we go red/black/blue, not black/red/blue.
US code allows 15a plugs on a 20a circuit. Canada does not, you can't expect us both go have identical codes.
Part of it is that theses would give happiness bonuses to nearby buildings, it can be hard to max out industrial happiness without putting parks nearby. Instead you classify the parking lot and it gives industrial areas a more realistic look.
Get the highest speed of Telus internet you can get, ditch the phone and TV. I'm assuming you have cell phones and Netflix. I pay less than $100/month for 100mbps and unlimited data cap.
He'll also have crappy graphics cards if he does that.
Plus 12 gauge is only able to handle 20a, and 6 gauge is over 60a, he's gonna burn through those reallt fast.
Don't be that guy, we all knew that when he wrote "recessed male outlet" that it was actually a male inlet. This is like the whole "residential has a single split phase, not 2 different phases" reply that gets posted every time someone calls the legs of a resi panel phase 1 and 2.
He wants to use a short extension cord to bring power from an existing outlet over to a new male outlet (technically inlet), to power up a new switch without having to cut drywall and drill through the studs under the window. Between the written description and the surprisingly good diagram they posted, it's pretty obvious what they want to do. All you did was come and say "hey, it's technically an inlet if it's the male end, not an outlet". You contributed nothing besides picking out one word and telling them it's wrong. You thought they were going to have loose hanging romex between the light and the switch, and the switch and inlet. If they were going to do that, why not just have loose romex on the floor instead of the extension cord?
My favorite part of this game is spending hours building perfectly neat, massive interchanges.
They're building one in my city right now (Calgary), can't wait to use it. The big thing is that you only have 2 light possibilities. One direction goes, or the other direction goes. Normal diamonds have as many as 8 because of the requirement of advanced or delayed turning lanes.
What are you running through the NM conduit? Just low voltage wiring for your AV?
You are definitely not required to bond every reducing washer or locknut. Every PVC connector has a metal locknut, these never get bonded.
If the other side is unfinished and the wire is neatly stapled or clamped to the joist, I don't think many inspectors would have an issue with it, but good on your for going above and beyond. You said you liked the idea of not having to ground the plastic box, and that's why you don't want to buy a metal one. If you've got 12/2, what's wrong with just getting a metal one and wrapping the ground wire around the screw in the back? I can't think of any reason why you consider this the deciding factor of not going metal.
You're honestly probably okay to put it on just a 20a with 12gauge wire, I'm sure others will disagree with me though. Once the area you are heating is up to the temperature you want it at, it's very unlikely that the heater will ever run for for more than 3 hours at a time unless you open a window right beside it.
He wants to know if he'll get dinged for having a piece of uninsulated ground wire running through the tiny 1/2" spacer instead of a green insulated ground.
Or you just keep with the 3-lane road with common center turn and don't use the center turn lane.
Ya, it was really nice today, know of 2 guys who were out on their bikes. The problem is when the temp drops again in the evening and everything that melted, refreezes and turns the road in to a hockey rink.
Not trying argue that whipping your phone out to snap a picture isn't unsafe, but I'll bet that everyone creeping by them is going no more than 10kph, if not slower.
I don't believe they are judged, but you are able to text in a vote for which one you think is the best.
Add together all of the small numbers that are multiplied by 123kwh. Your customer charge and paperless billing credit and stuff should stay the same every month.
http://www.bodyartforms.com/productdetails.asp?jewelry=barbell&amp;length=3%2F8%22&amp;material=Titanium&amp;brand=Anatometal&amp;ProductID=4012&amp;index=1
Looks way better, still have unnecessary service loops on your neutrals though. I always leave a small one on my hots in a house panel just in case, but your neutrals will never need to move.
Or what about movies where someone tazers someone else, but the person doing the tazing, is holding the person getting tazed, so would therefore taze themselves too.
Ya, missed my zero, but was obvious what I was meaning seeing as when I added the rest to it I only got $0.17, and not $1.70
The higher road is the collector, so it should have less traffic than the freeway, but Parclos designed like this do often have lights that will stop one direction of traffic to allow the people turning across to go when traffic is high. This one looks like it's in a fairly rural location, where nothing more than a yield sign would be needed.
Ya, I get that too. Once I'm home I'll post a picture of my neutral setup, I'm also from Alberta so we do things very similarly.
You do not want to upgrade to 2-lane roads for off ramps. All this will cause is more problems because everyone will try to get in to the far left lane, instead of using the middle AND far left. If put in a 2-lane one way without any AI mod, it turns the middle highway lane in to a lane that has the option to either turn OR go straight. The game doesn't like this, and vehicles going straight through will want to use the far left lane, which is a straight ONLY lane. All they see is that the middle lane can turn, so most vehicles going straight will try to get out of it.
Building code literally JUST changed for smoke detectors in November. In 2013 you were only required 1 per floor, now you are required 1 per floor, and 1 in each bedroom.
$6.50 a month for every house, how much do you pay for garbage pick up? The increase is so small because garbage being scaled back is already included in the extra $6.50, would have been closer to $10 a month if it hadn't.
Different as in, slightly like actual beer? Because it hasn't been open to light for the last 2 months it's been sitting in a beer cooler.
PVC conduit to a box that will have the transformer in it for the pool light, what about that is hard to understand?
What do you think he meant? He was transforming the PVC itself in to 12V DC?
It in a pre-app program. Do you really think they had to mount the panel? It's probably been between those studs for a couple of years. Its also upside down so everything can just be brought in the top because it's obviously in Canada based on the service box cover around the main breaker.
They wouldn't have a drug counseling course to take to allow you to re-apply after 6 months if they wouldn't possibly accept you. They probably didn't just make the course so a bunch of you could take it with absolutely zero chance of getting in after completing it.
Listening to music loud enough inside that other people find it distracting/annoying is a perfectly valid thing for her to ask you to not do. As for vaping, I think people who think it's okay to do it inside because it's not a cigarette are just as ignorant, or even more so, than actual smokers.
Technically yes because if there is any leakage to ground then the GFI would detect an imbalance in current and trip. But if it's just the ground prong of the plug, go buy a new cord end, cut the old one off and put the new one on. 50 cents.
Kind of sounds like when you get a voltage drop/spike from a ceiling fan that will cut out sensitive electronics for a second. My best guess is that you have some loose connections in outlets and the force of unplugging/plugging in is causing a very short loss in power, but enough for the capacitors in the electronics to remain powered, so the Vive isn't completely shutting down when this happens.
Strip an inch and a half or so of the outer jacket off (cord ends don't really give you lots of room to work with). The three wires should be identified somewhere, either being black/white/green or having some sort of little tracer or something in them. Screw to terminals, screw plug closed. Might just need to buy yourself wire strippers, a cheap pair would be like $5.
Magic.
I'm glad to see others putting in little service areas like these, I have little areas like this all over my cities mainly for water pumps, treatment plants and incinerators.
This is the correct answer, 20% duty will allow you to use a 30A breaker instead of the required 50A, and 12g wire instead of 8g wire. But you cannot put 12g wire under a 30A breaker, has to be 10g. 10g wire and a 30a breaker is almost always what it required for a welder, unless it's some big commercial monster. If a customer asks for a welder outlet in their garage but they haven't purchased the welder yet, we put in 10g/30a. 8 years and have never been called back because the wire was wrong.
The problem with this second one is you have that intersection right after the ramp from the highway, so the lane your cars will be coming in to is a lane that allows turning to the right (going up on your picture), that's causing your problem of them instead going up to the right, and then back one intersection later. Yes, the AI can be annoying sometimes, but once you know how it works, it really isn't that difficult to make it work how you want it to.
If you want the game to run perfectly smooth, buy a $1200 CPU, not a $700 GPU.
Do you get money or something for pushing these books? I've seen you link them more than once. Don't give an explanation or a free link, but here, buy this book!
So you have any idea how small wire only good for 13W would be?
As a daily frequenter of this sub, I can say that I see this post maybe once every week or two hit the top 25 posts. So clearly your adamant downvoting of these posts is working.
I'm so confused as to what you are trying to explain. You build a 20 unit road, but you move it left and it's still 20 units even though it hasn't gotten any longer? What's the problem here?
I really don't see the point. You have literally taken up more room with highways, than you have with actual RCI, so I can't imagine that the area would even accumulate enough traffic to make use of the roads. You've got a road network that could move hundreds, if not thousands of vehicles efficiently, in an area so small that barely any traffic will use it. It does look really good though.
PVC conduit does not guarantee protection from water. Every joint could, and probably will eventually leak, it needs to be UF.
I'm assuming you're going to run a 10/2 NM or something from the driver to the junction box, that wire will have a ground wire it. Attach it to the ground screw...
As someone from Canada who has never seen a dryer with anything but a 14-30R outlet and plug in any house built in the last 15 years, these posts really bug me.
Try downloading the better bulldozer mod. Let's you use a marquise drag to delete everything in a certain area. You might delete some stuff you might not want to in the process, but it's worth a try.
Alumiconn connectors. Even with aluminum rated devices, the wire still expands and contracts from heat with every use. Many juristictions won't even allow aluminum rated devices, regardless of them being an approved device. Edit: because /u/bloodless101 has nothing better to do than point out spelling mistakes
As it is not poured concrete, and also very easily removable. I'd find it very hard for you to convince anyone to consider pavers a concrete slab.
&gt;A product (maybe new) that replaces the grounding/bonding bushing. Links a grounding/bonding bushing.
Required by law in Quebec, Canada already. And should be everywhere honestly with the number of countries banning the sale of new IEC cars by 2025-2030. I do work for one builder and a 50A sub panel with a 30A 240V outlet for an EV charger in every garage is their minimum for garage electrical.
Doesn't want pendants because she wants to ceiling open, doesn't want tracks because they look bad, doesn't want pots because they're boring. This is literally every option. If she doesn't want anything hanging, put in pot lights, and tell her she should have made a decision quicker. I also like that pendants are too clunky and she's got an ugly surface mount fluorescent in her kitchen.
Going to start the grammar/spelling nazi theme on this subreddit? My phone didn't autocorrect or show it as spelt wrong, so I didn't even notice.
You get power from the Cat5 or whatever cable is run to the camera in most cases. You're going to have some surface mount conduit or cable mould or something.
Standing on the right and walking up the left actually slows down escalators. Because the majority of people just stand to go up them, cramming them all on just half of it just causes a way bigger pile up at the bottom, just to let the dozen or so people who want to walk have an entire half. Its just like lineups at grocery stores or the movie theatre, the quickest way is to make a single line for all of the tills, not an individual one. If someone is slow at one till, it slows down everyone equally. It may take you personally a little longer to get through the line, but the line as a whole will get through quicker. But look at me, posting something about waiting your turn in line and being patient in /r/Calgary, the city with the most impatient, self centered arrogant drivers in the world.
Way easier to change what the sign says with a computer than it is to send some poor person in a truck to put up "Closed" signs on every single sign in the park.
There are way more things than just seasonal openings. Road closures from weather, mud slides, flooding.
I'd run 2" for power, 1" for TV and Internet, and maybe a couple more 1" for future proofing. Just did 2 houses this past fall where we had 7 conduits between the garages and houses. 2" for power 1" for cable company 1" for phone company 1" back for house-&gt;garage 3-way switches 1" back for TV/internet in the garage 1" back for automation in the garage 3/4" back for garage slab heat thermostat (boiler was in the house) I would also have no issues using your conduits. Just make sure you bring them out of the ground well. Don't have a bundle of 6 conduits, space them out a little, keep the large pipe for power at least 1' from the rest, put the TV/internet beside each other, and the extras beside those because they'll probably end up with an LB on them going on to the garage.
We've been installing more and more LED "pot modules" that are basically a fake 4" pot light that fit in a deep octagon box.
They share a mast, but they're picky about the pipe to the house for some reason. They are major competitors, you can get TV/Internet/Phone from either company, so they like having their own.
The stupid oversized nails, that despite seeming way too big for a pot can, bend over like a limp noodle if you don't hit them perfectly. The hinged arms are a pain in the ass, if you have a vaulted ceiling, the arms are going side to side, not up and down the vault because that's the way the roof trusses HAVE to go, so the hinges serve no purpose but allowing the can to swing down and hit you in the head. And the 1/2" knockout holes are a very small 1/2", and the weld spot on them is so large you need to ream it out to fit your connector in. Then you have to bang the thing in with your linesman and bend the shit of the junction box.
You mean they won't approve my 15,000 piece Star Destroyer that I made in LDD?
Ya, doing what you're supposed to do while driving, so generous.
I've been told that in some southern states like Texas, some car companies don't even offer cloth/textile seats, because after a couple of years of ass/leg sweat seeping in to them every day, that the seats actually start to stink, so all they offer is leather. But this might be some old wives tail Canadians tell people because we live in a place where if you need a block heater, then warm your car up for 10 minutes, and need heated seats to be remotely comfortable in the winter.
[Alberta Children's Hospital](https://www.google.ca/search?q=alberta+children%27s+hospital&amp;client=ms-android-samsung&amp;source=lnms&amp;prmd=minv&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwirle3ez77NAhVX42MKHffaBDcQ_AUICCgC&amp;biw=412&amp;bih=604&amp;dpr=3.5#imgrc=I-W_Y62a8-XD-M%3A) has had a Lego building for 10 years now.
We get it, you don't like AL/CU wire nuts because of something you saw in first year school probably. If you search for "purple wire nut fire" like you said, you get about a dozen pictures of melted wire nuts, and hundreds of thousands that are fine. These were probably all installed incorrectly, and because there are pictures of them half in tact, that means the entire house didn't fucking burn down. The wire nut melted, touched the grounded box, and tripped the breaker, JUST LIKE IT'S SUPPOSED TO DO! You don't have to go on a vendetta and downvote/verbally disagree with everyone who recommends using them, or does use them.
This is definitely a custom label by the electrical contractor that did the work. You've got a 20A 3-phase breaker feeding the panel, and the panel has 3x 20A single pole breakers installed in it.
Your dryer starting up does not cause a surge on your other circuits. The dimming is caused by the dryer pulling a significant amount of power during startup, and your voltage drops a little bit as the transformer outside trys to "catch up". A surge implies you have more voltage on your lines, so your lights would get brighter.
You mean a dusty illegible nameplate isn't enough info for you? Amateur. /s
Surprised you guys aren't complaining about the zip ties yet.
Just don't. Metal studs are made of super flimsy sheet metal that is maybe 1/32" thick, probably less, it is not meant to hold weight, it's just there to hold up the drywall. My 60" sharp TV that is less than 3 years old weighs more than 50lbs, I have my doubts your 50" weighs only 20-25lbs. Put it on a desk.
It's extremely common for Nema 14-50R receptacles to only be hooked up to 40A breakers, so the maximum you can get out of the portable charger is 32A, 80% of the breaker rating. The only way to get the listed max of 48A is buy the High Powered Wall Charger and wire it with 60A wire and breaker. 80% of 60A gives you the max of 48A.
Why is that excessive? You plug it in at night and go to bed, it's charged in the morning. Or do you need to drive 250 miles somewhere tomorrow?
A Normal 14-50R can only supply 32A continuous, despite being rated for a max of 50A. I'm a journeyman electrician in Calgary and have installed more than a half dozen High Powered Wall Chargers this year, and countless 30/50A outlets for the portable chargers.
Based on the picture, it looks like the red was backstabbed until you pulled the switch out of the wall and it came loose. I bet there is a half switched outlet.
The old one would charge at 40A, new one charges at only 32A.
They are never going to make the adapter because Tesla will not ever allow anyone to make the adapter. The Tesla plug does a "handshake" with the car when you plug it in, and this will not work with other vehicles.
It honestly barely reduces the size. I've tried that and they're not worth it. And it seems like the expanding flexible rubber part just dries out in the sun and will eventually crack.
Complaining about something like this is what makes you the asshole tenant. No neutral was required in switches until like 8 years ago in the US to future proof, we still aren't required to have a neutral in switches in Canada because switches that require a neutral are a fairly new thing. Do you really expect every building in the country to upgrade their wiring every time a new code comes in to play?
Is it 1974? Aluminum on branch circuits? Really?
Plastic surface box like Stumm brand, why would you use an octagon?
Idiot apprentice with a suicide cors setup, love Mondays.
Renovate does not mean they are redoing the whole thing. It means they are making it LOOK presentable to get renters because no one was wanting to rent their 1970s apartment that has been smoked in for 20 years. New coat of paint, new cheapest carpet off the roll and some crappy lay down vinyl "hardwood", and they call it renovated. Maybe change the plugs and switches from Ivory toggle to white decora and some cheap Home Depot light fixtures, and they call in renovated. If you don't touch the wiring, you don't have to change it.
No, it is not. If they redid wiring to move a switch box or add a 3-way, that is considered altering the wiring.
AC (alternating current) does not have - and +, you have hot and neutral. If you don't know this basic thing, you shouldn't be attempting something this confusing.
If the only point of the splice is to get a short wire to a breaker, then yes. But you can't use a panel as a raceway/junction box for wires that don't terminate under a breaker.
Pretty sure it's just because you don't have a space between the exclamation mark and square bracket.
Jealous?
You need to stop.
Black is common, red and white are travellers.
It's not that the dimmer isn't compatible with LED, it's the dimmer all together. You dim the bulbs with the app, not a dimmer, dimming the bulb reduces the power to the bulb required for the wifi portion of the bulb to connect to the app.
Ya, I can see that happening at higher voltages for sure. Porbably why they aren't made.
Based on the pictures, the outlet sparked because the cord sparked. Looks like the cord was twisted tightly coming out of the cooker, that combined with the heat from use, and moving it caused the cord to short out. If you can reset the GFCI, this is not a problem with the outlet, it's a problem with the cooker. We've all seen way worse "burned out" outlets in our days.
Everybody sells "the Christmas switch".
You really need to post pictures of inside both switches. Your description is about as vague as it gets.
Second this. Leaves room for future expansion and/or future EV plug.
You mean not easy?
So you basically only want to volunteer if it means you can go somewhere new to update your social media with pictures?
And if it weren't for those alarms, your building could have potentially burnt down. Get mad at your dumb neighbors for setting them off, not at the device for doing what it's supposed to.
Depending on location, all garage receptacles are required to be GFCI. Latest NEC also requires the fridge be GFCI protected. I take it you're also from Canada and aren't aware of differences between the NEC and CEC.
I'd like to know where you read that you think they are in need of a service upgrade.
Are your conduits full of concrete? Isn't this exactly why you cap your conduits coming out of the slab? As much as "don't fill the conduits with concrete" is a pretty simple thing, this could have been completely avoided if you took 2 minutes to even cap them off with duct tape.
Dollar store 6 outlet adapter doesn't save you from overload.
You are not allowed to put a 15A outlet on a 30A circuit, plain and simple.
Each hot is 120V to ground, and 240V between each other, where is the code violation again?
And having an electric heater in your basement that heats ALL of your water means there is potential for ALL of your hot water to get energized.
Ya, just beat on the people living in a third world country, how nice.
You realize that 95% of water lines in your house in the last 15 years are plastic? The incoming water line in plastic, the drain is plastic, the only time there is copper is the last 3 feet of pipe for the actual shower head, and we don't ground that, I'm an electrician.
Avocados never fully ripen on the tree, they don't start to get soft until they are picked, which is great. Farmers can keep them on the tree for months and pick them as they need them. No surprise that they aren't ripe as they were probably picked days before getting to your grocery store.
So you have a standard lot, house on the front, 2 car garage at the back, you want to build a tiny house in the back yard, where do you put the NEW parking spot if there is a garage in the way?
