If you can handle it then go for it, but don't let it ruin your high school life for the last time. I'm in a public university in my state, but I love it here and wouldn't trade it away for anything.
He said hed owe a lot of money he might not be avle to afford to the government.
We don't know how much he owes..just saying..
My 14 year old cat died suddenly of a heart attack almost exactly a year ago. I was upstairs when I heard my mom start crying. My cat, patches, had fallen off the table suddenly in the kitchen after having what we think was a heart attack. She was gone before hitting the ground. She had been rubbing on my mom a lot and purring not 5 minutes sooner.
I agree with you there, some people think they are the same. That is the main issue with our relationships these days. Selfish is asking someone to do everything for you and doing nothing in return. Taking care of yourself and your partner is being equal.
If you were alone for more than half the year, youre independent
I understand. We only had my beagle three years before he died. In 2 days went feom healthy to dying on the way to the vet. They think hr was 6 when we got him.
if you say it in a terrible way yeah, but would you rather they not say anything at all and just be around them all the time?
you should still tell your gf that...
Transfer. Money is not everything.
Take the class
Academics arent. Academics and networking.
It's just a thought since I can't think of a situation where this has ever happened. In the meantime, would the current president continue to be president until something happened or would they have to hurry? I have no idea and was wondering.
Precalc is required for a class so you have to take it. I dont get the confusion
Google theit requirements..i found my end goal grad schools requirements online
You have to submit everything, that's how it works. You can still get into a state college/university if nothing else and those are fine. I'm at one now.
Live off campus, living on campus honestly doesn't do much for you after the first year. Stay involved on campus by not being at your apartment too much.
Probably not. You need to get in good standing.
Go on pinterest.
Separate cat 1
College is something you do in your own time. If you want to wait a year that's fine and nothing wrong with that....Your family should support that. It doesn't mean you won't attend college, it means you might wait and do better too.
You learn a lot in college, not just in the degree, but about yourself and life. That's the point. I'm a biology major and it's rough.
Be VERY careful letting your dog out without a leash. Always be out there with them.
It is. I'm paying for my own because my family cannot, but some people really should do what fits them the best.
He's acting as if "let" meaning that they're deciding for him...
of course education is important, but if you're not happy then you can transfer and get a good education somewhere else too...
The best thing to do is to try and apply everywhere you can. State Universities and the like as well. In the meantime, see how long you can keep raising your GPA at CC. I never went to a CC so I don't know how it is compared to a state university. (I'm at a public University and just finished my first year)
I'm not sure how it goes for CC to University. I know some of the state Universities requirements for high school to University. My university used to require 2.0 GPA from high school and 2.5 GPA now from high school. They changed it for this coming fall.
Is it affecting anything with the children? It's completely normal for her to want time away from the house and craziness of children. Maybe just bring it up as seeing if she can work during the week when you do? I don't know if that's possible though.
Does your husband think this is serious? Because a life partner should be helping you through something this serious. This is a serious issue because suicide thoughts should always be taken seriously. This could end tragically for you, your husband and especially that young kid.
Where do you live? The cost of living is different everywhere. If your college isn't highly ranked that's alright, especially if you did enough to set yourself apart. You're coming out of college with no-debt which is more than most of us, including me, can say. Your knowledge in your field is much more important than where you got that degree from.
Annoying things in general - online access codes - bad professors - confusing buildings (my college..the engineering building of all places is confusing...ridiculously. I have to wonder if the engineers did it on purpose)
They might if they don't know it, especially, like the others said, if there's a TA grading it. If a TA is grading your papers instead of a professor, use the American version...
Good to hear. Truthfully, take care of yourself, and that kid. It'd be awful for you to pass too soon when you can work through it.
Do it for yourself before anything else. That child can help be your motivation though, he's young and will look up to you guys. Your husband supporting you is the best thing you can do. If you can, see a therapist, if not just find a support system. (sorry reddit doesn't want to let me respond to you for some reason except every five minutes)
I'm doing alright. My mind is on my summer semester of college to make up for a bad semester. I want to do better. I also want to keep my relationship going well with my new partner.
Good luck to you as well. I had terrible first semester and am re-taking the two classes i failed since my college replaces the grade for GPA.
Yeah. I had personal problems with a relationship, adjustments to college, etc. Only got a 2.2 GPA with a 4 credit hour class that I got a D, the other 4 credit got an F, a 3 credit got a B+, another 3 credit got a B+ and 2 1 Credits that I got an A in as well as a 2 credit with an A = 2.211 GPA. The D and F I can replac ethe grade of and bring that really high for the cumulative. (Got a 3.7 the second semester)
I don't think so. Depends on the dog though. I just saw the no swimming part so maybe not since they love that.
Labs are great with a lot of people in general, so unless people have bad experiences I normally recommend them. Most love to swim.
It is normal if you don't let yourself do anything. Take breaks in between studying. Not long, but maybe an hour in between two giant chunks to do something with other people. Your health is important too. If you're having all those issues with snapping it probably says you're pushing yourself too hard.
There are many dogs that are afraid of being brushed and bathed but unfortunately it is necessary. It's definitely something you, or your husband, should do yourselves though if htey have anxiety (long as they don't bite or anything).
Spend every last second you can with this dog. He'll remember the love you gave him throughout his life. Dogs don't like when they can't walk anymore and if he's too old it's still understandable for him to be put to sleep when it gets too bad.
I have a notes app on my phone for when I need it. I use simplenote on both computer and phone so it syncs.
She probably will and is just attached to you and was afraid when she couldnt find you.
You seem to have a good list of pros and cons there. Personally saving money and being with family should be best if you can especially if you do better there. The more you like a college the better you tend tk do.
University - more people in classes - a professor who might not know you as well as in CC - you have to be more responsible (along with this is that you teach yourself a lot too)
Also, I'm going to be a Sophomore studying Biology for pre-vet, so I'm in a similar situation in that regard. Labs scare me because I have messed up before, it happens, and sometimes me and my lab partner fixed it. She messed up before too. These things happen and you have to accept that sometimes.
Why floysians
Take her to the vet
Since your problem seems to be studying, learn how you study the best. Study flashcards for key words. Write up your own study guides, I know a lot of people who did that in Biology and they got straight B+'s I believe. Major?
I honestly recommend doing it on paper. Distractions suck. I tried it and it does not work for everyone. I know people that use Surfaces and just use evernote to handwrite things with a stylus. See if that works on your ipad. It has a handwrite thing you can look up too. I don't know if that works for everything else.
I'm a Biology major who failed Bio 1 and has to retake Bio 1 and 2 starting next week. I failed Calculus I as well. I understand. What I just mentioned happened my first semester leaving me at a 2.2. Second semester was a 3.7. You can definitely improve. Thankfully my school also lets my D and F go away on the transcript. (Since their major courses a D is not by any means passing.
If in-person isn't, see if he can do it a little earlier before the library closes.
The sleep disorder part makes sense, but is it possible to do it earlier than 8:30pm? Because most are willing to re-arrange somehow if that's an issue. You can probaly just meet in their office if they teach on campus too.
For me, I can't speak for every college, it has a lot of people. I made myself join band, I did that in high school too. Join a club/organization that forces you to talk to people. I talk to everyone in the music building and made quite a few acquaitances and a few great friends. I was quiet in high school. You can too. I get it. You need to make the effort to talk first too not just everyone else.
Just say something like this, to be professional: Hello, Dr./Mr. [Professor's name] I was wondering if we could meet at an earlier time, if this is convenient for you, because I have class conflict issues, as well as, slow internet connection, that could cause problems with an online meeting. Thank you. - [Your name]
I use google calendar and set it up in there using a calendar i make that I'll just delete afterwards and see if it works out there. If it does, I add those sections.
Only if the credits you have transfer specifically as major courses. A lot of courses in college are pre-reqs for major courses. Even though I transferred in with Sophomore status, I couldn't graduate in 3 due to required classes. Though I'm adding a minor since I won't have gen eds in my last 2 years.
You shouldn't just do what is required to get into college. Make college easier by getting used to studying, it can be rough.
The amount of financial aid? It should stay the same if the EFC is the same. You probably won't get as much remaining though, if anything, and might need other loans. It depends on where you go and what scholarships you get in the meantime. You left out information regarding any attempts to look up scholarships.
2.6 isn't accepted everywhere, but some look at really good essays for consideration and such. Some even just require a 2.5 so you might be able to get something. Always try friend. Good luck.
It makes sense to me since less do it in the summer so it means you have less competition...
go to community college and get your gen eds out of the way so you can take gen eds to see what else you're interested in to find a major...
It definitely can. I don't think it's the best option to save money in this case.
Why didn't you teach your dog not to bark so much that it was necessary or move away?
A.S. doesn't show as much and doesn't give you enough to get good jobs though. Yes CC is cheaper, but it also isn't viewed as well by a lot of employers
You need to see someone to get diagnosed with depression if you do have that. A relationship breakup of that long is serious and does take time to recover from. On that, talk to people. This can be counselors, classmates if you're in school, co-workers if you work, whatever you need. I say this since your parents don't seem to be the type of people that will help.
It would make more sense to get an A.S. in something then transfer out and get a B.S. in engineering, whether the same or different is irrelevant. Engineering isn't seen as 3 separate degrees but three specialties. 3 A.S.'s isn't going to get you as far in acompetitive environment like that. You need to have as much qualification as you can.
I'm only going to be a sophomore biology major so I can't speak for having finished, but I'm taking Calc I and Bio I&amp;II over the summer and the best thing I can say is: Write, and read.
I don't know you, but therapy and seeing a psychologist do not make you a bad person. Anxiety and depression don't just disappear on their own.
Don't let life get in the way of class. This is the order of priorities. 1. Your health. Mental and physical. 2. Family and friends health 3. College 4. Future plans/life at the very bottom - parties/drinking
Work your ass off your senior year, colleges of any kind love improvement. A portfolio, especially if you go somewhere it's optional, I think should greatly help you.
Passion and hobby are not the same thing. Hobby is something you do in free time, a passion is something you put work towards. You can do things with those degrees, they can enhance other degrees if you get them alongside other things. They are not worthless...
Financial aid doesn't change. The cost changes.
Happiness isn't a location or a specific place. It's having that feeling with the life you have. Whether that be the people you surround yourself with or your career, maybe both.
when they're just getting used to you, always go with them
It's sad to me. I respect liberal arts majors a lot as well as STEM. I'm around a lot of STEM majors because I am one but I'm also around a lot of the other because they're the people I tend to make friends with. Sometimes it feels like they're evolving more as people during it than I am.
Get the other members involved and let them help decide which way is better between the two of you if they aren't giving any input.
If he doesn't feel like he can talk to you and openly communicate, it can never work. You two need to talk about this. I just lost a relationship of 2.5 years last year because he went to other people about our problems after feeling like he couldn't tell me because I was too emotional. He was right. Do what you have to. Seek counseling. Talk it out and work through it. If all else fails and it doesn't work, both of you work together to raise that child the best you can.
Are you in high school or college? I can talk to you if you want to vent friend. It's not too late.
Friend, if someone cares to be with you for that amount of time, they are not just better off without you. She would want to help you. Have you two ever talked to each other about this depression? You can get help. I've seen it.
Being a nurse is a great profession, I have two family members in the field, if you really want to be that, then go back. Be prepared to have to take out private loans to follow that dream since it never quite left you. The study skills you have now can only help you.
Why not an apartment?
Believe me, if she cares enough to do that, it would hurt her more to lose you. When someone a person cares about kills themselves, it affects them forever.
He should have fun, but you can and still get good grades.
Is there a financial reason to go to this other university or is the one you're at good with that program? You're far in and shouldn't have to re-take classes that you already did.
Did the treatments not work?
Can use it for anything. I recommend saving all of it up that you dont need for food and such to get a nice place after college
Probably not. Ask your advisor.
If you're an A-student getting a B is not by any means the end of the world. Your parents are definitely overreacting. I'm an A/B student for the most part and struggled awfully in calc this last fall and even though I failed, my mother and father both agreed that if I retake it and get it up to where I accept it then they will not get mad. A B is by no means a bad grade.
I agree that the parents should care but they shouldn't say a B is a bad grade and a student didn't study because they got a B.
Of course we can't, but he said he studied and I can only go off of what they said right now. My family has different expectations than this person because I'm the only child, and the youngest, that has gone away to college for a B.S. My other sibling is doing an online A.S. degree. (No offence meant to them)
Honestly, dorms help you adjust and make more friends. Also, after a semester or two, try going home less than every weekend to use the money you're spending on the dorms (unless you have a scholarship, still use it). I went home for a weekend about once every few weeks after a semester.
You dont. They just send it..
Shepherd ears..
Get a vet. Find a good kind of food for the dog whether you make it yourself or buy it. Dog proof your home. Get leashes and collars.
You have to excercise those breeds more.
Huskies are for active people generally. Different breeds for diffetent people.
I never heard of that kind that doesn't amputate them.
Go with adukt cat. Kittens need you there.
It's a terrible thing to do but nothing will happen.
Get a good GPA at the CC and talk to the advisor there about what you like and dislike from the gen eds you'll probably have taken. This will help you decide on a major before you transfer.
Having time off I'd say is the best way to go
I never would've used a TV in my room, but I don't watch TV. Anything I want to watch I can do on my laptop, same with games. I recommend if you do get one to make sure to get out of your room and have fun still. join other things so that you don't need to watch tv to enjoy yourself.
I think it's ridiculous to leave a class because you had something scheduled since it shows that's more important than a class. Just saying.
This is because when you're interested in someone, you're automatically getting afraid that you aren't good enough. I think it's a ridiculous notion that someone's "out of your league". If you're interested in someone, talk to them.
I guess those classes are different. Mine mention the syllabus for a few minutes then teach.
You need to talk to the college you went to and see whoever, an advisor or someone, that can help you. Did you take out the max loans you could?
If you've only tried a few you should see if you can find one that works for you. I'm saying that combined with medication is the best option people can have. Meds by themselves and therapy by themselves usually isn't the best option. I hope you can find an antidepressant that works for you friend. I don't suffer from diagnosed depression, but I know others that do and will listen if you want.
Make sure you don't get a kitten too young because you won't be home enough to take care of a really young one
Go to the college you will get the best GPA in if you're planning on grad school.
maybe get a kitten that's not 8 weeks old but maybe 5 or 6 months instead? so that they aren't so small and it might be easier?
Does your family read your novels or something?
It's best for the dog to stay home. This is because Akitas NEED more attention than a smaller dog/calmer breed. They can be destructive dogs...
You should introduce them on neutral ground without all those other dogs around that might cause more anxiety or something.
the environment can definitely change that...dogs can have a "two week meltdown" and if someone isn't there to help him adjust it could make the dog destructive...
If the dog was going to be with someone that was at a class or two a day then come home and be with them I'd say there wouldn't be an issue. But this makes me nervous seeing as he'll be working. These dogs are energetic, though very loyal.
The whole reason you're drinking is because of your life past so the way to help it is working through what happened to you. If they make you uncomfortable, do not continue seeing them. Also, good for you for cutting them out. Block them now if you have to.
there's a limit on the amount of loans you can get
Yes you need to send everything.
Major in biology if you can, a lot of public universities have the first two years the same whether you do pre-med track or not. Then you make that decision after your sophomore year. At least that's how it works here.
Do not give up on your major just because you need to take time of. You don't need to finish "on track" and can take 5 or 6 years if necessary.
Look into what degrees and professions you actually want. Focussing on what you can't will get you absolutely no where
No we shouldn't.
They would, but that definitely isn't ethically right. Those who can't get access to those would be at a disadvantage.
introduce them slowly, and give the cats treats of some kind whenever the dog is around so that they positively associate the dog...
It IS cruel to have animals outside all the time. YOU TWO have to train them to behave. Together. If you cant do that then you shouldn't have the damn dogs. Either you two learn how to properly communicate or you shouldn't be together. The dogs are showing you a problem and you need to take care of it.
Feed them separately.
You're dependent until 24 I believe unless you get that permission. When you turn 18 get a job and move out and go to CC once you get that dependency status.
She doesnt want the dogs in the house. They shouldnt have them.
Then you need to find it.
The thing is i said only outside. If one person doesnt want them inside ever it's a problem
Reintroduce them. Slowly. Keep them separated until its safe
It is the means. You cannot make someone change. You have to force them to take it seriously by moving out.
You probably cant do anything unless it conflicts
Accept them then go on fafsas website and do the entrance counseling..
I wouldnt trust roommates or the people that check my room not to do something to my pet.
Your SO probably hates themselves too for not being able to help.
Having children and raising them is productive.
Its also realistic since most room with strangers.
Yeah mine sends it out a couple weeks before the semester
Mine is protective..
Why didnt you accept right away?
Weird i had to do entrance counseling for it to go through.
And the reason is that people apply to many places and dont wind up accepting them. This is how they fill a program.
Eat before the 10am and eat after at 3pm. Not that hard.
No. That's college.
Are you enjoying the one you're at? Is the education good? Do you feel at home there?
Intermural sports can help
Before bringing a new pet. ALWAYS make sure your current animal can handle it.
The dogs clearly terribly stressed. No way to live
Im sorry.. A few years ago, when i was staying with my dad for thanksgiving (my parents agreed to thanksgiving with him along with summer, half of Christmas break, every weekend etc), my dad got the call that she had rushed my beagle to the vet when he died in the backseat. We knew he had liver issues 6 months prior. I now know the vet told my mom she didnt think hed last two weeks. He made it 6 months and though wr never tested it the vet believes there was a tumor on the liver. His ashes in that container sit downstairs with a picture of him with the bandana he wore at christmas. This along with a make believe dialogue between him and our husky mix we now have. I get you. It sucks terribly.
Slow feed bowls. Get one
Onenote..evernote is a mess to me
You are overanalyzing. Just make sure to talk to them some too. Make friends.
People make them all the time.
Op, you will have friends if you transfer. Go to CC instead of a gap year. Get good grades and take gen eds there. Transfer. Matters a lot more than high school.
Doggy day care that you trust
I came in with 29. Means i can have extra curriculars and a minor. I will still graduate in 4 years.
Show them. Thats what we did
I use a fivestar advance notebook. Pages never tear in it. Holds my papers in dividers.
Not a good enough one apparently. They slow dogs down.
This next year. Go out and join things. Be outgoing. You might find that youre fine where you are.
Yes. Your job to keep your grades up.
Get them out of there.
Thats because they got big dogs not suited for apartments
They can, but in a situation like this it's unlikely
not going to discussion is your own fault, no reason to use being stem as an excuse
He's only 4 months old. You're doing fine. Keep trying.
It hurts your gpa to blow off gen eds
No idea about the privacy thing. My cats couldnt care less.
No you dont. My 14 year old cat died last may while my 20 year old one is still strong. You never see it coming.
Never associatr the crate badly
Get the highest GPA you can for medical school.
Try and make friends and network. That IS part of college and what will make you have the best opportunities and such down the road.
Do what you love.
this isn't recommended for most people who get distracted while typing in class, i always did, you can write them down in class and type later to be honest..a lot easier especially if your prof
Bug bomb the entire place and get the pets and people out of there till its safe again. Thats what i did.
Crate them if they cant be trusted. And keep them in the room with you. If they jump on the table inmediately move them
It usually doesn't strongly affect the dogs personality. Keep the dog always on a leash and socialize with 1 or 2 dogs and not a dog park.
Be careful on collars, they can easily get them caught
I wish i remembered what we did. It was 10 years ago probably. Sorry, ask a vet if they know of a kind. Raid probably has one
How old are you? Can you move out of the environment where your family doesnt want a dog? Also, just block the area off. Baby gates or anything.
You really should fix your fence. They arent wrong.
Working dogs dont
And youre wondering why he chews..
Crate him.
Get someone else to run him. Off leash shouldnt be an option if you cant help it.
I know they are. Im saying they can have problems such as abuse, neglect , fear of abandonment and other issues you have to work on a lot kf the time. I think its great but not for everyone
If you cant keep him safe you should especially if hes been trained correctly to enjoy it.
Some are like that. But saying they dont based off one dog is ridiculous.
Chemistey minor or dual major is a good one. Anything environmental related can work for you if it interests you
8 hours definitely no.
I was only concerned because you said you didnt have time for a puppy. Some dogs have terrible problems.
Leave the dog where he is unless there's abuse. Does he get excersises
Good to hear.
If you can't handle stress medical fields are probably a bad idea for you in general. That isn't to be mean, that's just a warning. I'm a pre-vet major majoring in biology. If you don't get into pre-dentistry, you basically go for a masters and research until you get into the program you want or stick with research. At least that's what I've been told.
My school as a 3.0 GPA scholarship i got from my high school grades. I got a 2.997 by the end of this spring. (Awful first semester with a 2.2 then a 3.7 in the spring.) I was very irritated finding out my GPA
lab/shepherd mix?
