Every person in that jury was a complete moron. Hell, everyone in the county.
I was shocked at the lack of basically any evidence against Brendan at all. How could one video of a confession that was so obviously coerced be taken seriously by all 12 of those jurors??
she looks like Adore in the thumbnail
she's kind of like the Posh of the group
she got those from boobsforqueens.com *wink*
Glamazon. i just love that line about working your sexy body so sexual, as if there was any other way you could work your sexy body. Adrenaline and Cover Girl are probably my next two favorites
MR. GORBACHEV! BRING BACK MY GIRLS!
*sigh* get on up...
that happened in my best friend's family, albeit it was way back in the day; her great-grandmother learned as an adult that the woman she thought was her sister was her mother...it was the 1910's so underage motherhood was like a big deal
OHH that's funny! i didn't connect the two, went *whoosh* right over my head
[it will allegedly appear on netflix this year](https://www.google.com/amp/variety.com/2016/tv/news/netflix-people-v-oj-simpson-american-crime-story-fx-deal-1201822010/amp/?client=safari)
it has the words "Hollywood," "Foreign" and "Press" in the title
i loved every episode (and i'm a big AHS fan so i can admit that each season usually gets pretty bad)
"Song of the Ancestors" is the best song from Moana and it wasn't submitted for either the Golden Globes or Oscars which was a travesty
omg that small indian boy is as precious as Dev was when he was in Slumdog Millionaire
"laugh inside amy schumer" was my first laugh of the night i think
this "missing my glasses" bit was much funnier when Tina Fey and Jon Hamm did it a few years ago
i always forget that
historically the majority of network shows aren't very good
omg Steve Carrell and Kristen Wiig are the best presenters so far
one of those men accepting the award for Zootopia (i didn't catch their names)
Dax has secretly been married to a man for 28 years
apparently she plays Wonder Woman in those recent DC films (imo it should have been Mila Kunis) edit: autocorrect changed Mila to Mika
it's like they're bragging about the film which as a midwesterner i find inappropriate
exactly! that's why i was surprised to hear him say it
need to get to them commercials
whatever it was that Viola was just talking about, i loved it
i'm living for what Meryl is saying about Hollywood
didn't he win one for Atlanta? he created the show so i think he received an award
i would vote for her
wow LA LA LAND cleaning up! good for them, i hope this means good things for the Oscars
TIL a walk to remember actress Mandy Moore choreographed La La Land edit: oops different people! it seemed plausible to me
it didn't seem outside of the realm of possibility
[congrats to La La Land for breaking the record for most Golden Globe awards won by a single film!](http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/amp/news/la-la-land-breaks-golden-globe-winners-record-wins-961526?client=safari)
the "G" stands for "Grammy"
he's one of the producers
he does not have an Emmy
i was also surprised by the screenplay win. the filmmaking was what was special, not the writing.
i get their names mixed up all the time, despite knowing each one very well separately.
shit i'm american and i have no clue how big either of those states is
i was just perusing their subreddit and it really is despicable that his supporters blatantly don't mind the fact that the president of the United States mocks reporters. they're all about pointing out "yeah he mocks lots of people! but this one wasn't because the guy has a disability!" like...how fucked up do you have to be to support a political figure who mocks anyone, let alone the handicapped.
ugh his face
i always liked Van and Kirsten while i was watching CNN nightly in the weeks leading up to the election. Jack Kingston on the other hand just always has this smug smile on his face that you want to punch.
holy crap that is tiny. side note: i embarrassingly thought the state was an island until like...last year
not on him, on each other in front of him in the bed where the President and his wife slept. they probably don't need his money and would rather destabilize the United States since they've hated us since time immemorial.
yeah, some police chief or some shit... like he is qualified to verify such things
just like how straight men who have sex with women can't simultaneously be misogynists
idg how it's possible for him to be unable to have conflicts of interest while he clearly... has lots of conflicts of interest
he worked for CNN previously but wasn't on the clock working for them at the time. And Don Lemon said on air that he had worked with that guy immediately after the interview was done. seemed like a coincidence.
two different rooms next to each other both with balconies overlooking a courtyard, MD came out because he thought he was being called
oh okay! makes sense i guess. are they technically Arabs though? just Saudi Arabs?
get this guy a coat! edit: /s
real is what you feel; feelings aren't real.
i see by googling that it was announced this was recorded, but was it ever released?
anyone else read that so slowly trying to see them slip up and use a contraction
oh i see! Jane is also a broadway star; she won the Tony in 2003 for her role in the revival of Nine (which is a great musical that was later made into a bad movie with Daniel Day-Lewis) and was just on Broadway last year in She Loves Me (which i saw live and she was phenomenal) where are you seeing the Little Mermaid?
yeah i'm sure that show featuring some GEICO mascots was a shining beacon of humor and intelligence
thanks Jude-n-Sue!
just another attack against Trump
oh okay! thank you again!
seriously wtf some one christmas i received (from two people) two copies of a DS game of Bleach... an anime i have never seen in my life.
in what way are you five different ethnicities?
"irish" and "german" are not two different races, they're both caucasian. "marshallese" and "kiribatese" are both pacific islander according to the US census, so you actually counted wrong twice and are four different races.
obviously the whole thing was racist but they didn't just choose Kenya at random; Obama's father is from Kenya.
this is not r/news so it doesn't have to be news
"Pence defends Trump" does not mean *Pence says specifically what Trump said. edit: Pence
no, puppet. you're the puppet.
The Gone Girl on the Train with the Lower Back Dragon Tattoo
thank you so much!
i'm triggered by the apostrophe in "White's Only"
shouldn't he be busy making those FOUR sequels to Avatar
thank you kind stranger!
apparently it was supposed to be Lea Salonga for both speaking and singing but her manly voice was unconvincing
She always seems much younger than she is. She's older than Angelina Jolie! edit: thought she was slightly younger when she made Enchanted
is it me or does Jerry look a bit like the president in that photo
like that neighbor dad from American Beauty!
he's been a very bad boy
the onion was never fake news, it was satire / comedy. fake news is those websites that have articles about shit that literally didn't occur which dumb americans (coincidentally usually trump supporters) would believe. at some point during the election it got turned around to refer to biased media (like breitbart) and *then* got turned around again to basically focus on actual mainstream media posting stories that the readers (coincidentally again usually trump supporters) did not agree with. so at this point basically everything is fake news and facts don't exist and reality is unknowable.
lol Paul McCartney is worth 1.2 billion dollars. he's fine.
huh he bought rights to peoples songs?? how dare he!
lol yes i was also being humorous
i thought it was much too long, way too dark and absolutely joyless. I thought there should have been at least a moment fun to be had but it was too "realist" for my tastes. to each his own!
they're a company, not one person. he's 74, 1.2 billion dollars is more than enough to last him until he dies.
the way they love to defend Trump's views on LGBT is usually something like "he doesn't care!!" Yeah that's just what i want, a president who doesn't care about me.
that's his "official portrait" or some shit... like dude why do you look so pissed isn't this what you wanted??
whenever i go on that site i get sucked in for a long time, sometimes hours. i think they're referring to that
my best friend texted me during the inaug and said "Hate them if you will but seriously how beautiful is Melania Trump" and obviously i'm not blind so i had to reluctantly agree
i feel like i saw this episode a few weeks ago, either way i thought it was very cool
definitely I Know Him So Well from Chess
yeah kids being shipped off to their death is great
anyone else love how much Rebecca pronounced "engaged" like a French person
rocking a cowboy hat that a KISS FM DJ once called "a sweet lid"
agreed, his cabinet was a shitshow, but he does seem like he'd be a fun guy to hang out with.
just everything about him deserved it tbh
i think it's a pretty common thing. that's why i hate to finish before my boyfriend 'cause like obviously i want him to finish but i'm much less invested after i'm done
okay bro i don't care about your ice cream analogy. i'm not talking about ethnicity or race, i'm literally talking about the color of his skin. that thing he was judged for and caused all that racist stuff about him being born in Kenya. yes, i know that if one parent is white and one is black you're half-black.
the girl is Natalia Dyer and the boy is Charlie Heaton. i feel like you should know that since your name is u/nataliadyer
[picture from Friday was taken at 11:49 AM](https://d3i6fh83elv35t.cloudfront.net/newshour/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/comparison-withtime-1024x576.jpg)
for those sick or the truth, try Alternative Facts!™
the narrative being he actual true fact that Spicer lied.
this truly is some scary shit. he didn't even say the word lie, he said "falsehood"
lol it does not extend to the washington monument you may want to have your eyes checked
lol the words "alternative facts" literally exited Conway's mouth
it's called a "screenshot"
you're thinking of Barbra Streisand (and neither she nor Alec Baldwin are ingenues)
Variety is a famous magazine that's been around for a very long time. edit: 111 years to be precise.
girl on the front left is fine!! oh wait that's a doll wtf
Start a Fire, City of Stars (Duet) and Audition were the three songs submitted for consideration from La La Land. I think Audition is the best song but thought Someone in the Crowd and Another Day of Sun were also terrific. But they limit the choices to prevent splitting votes.
lol what the heck is a garburator
3D anything has died and come back so many times it's completely obnoxious. I personally hate it and it makes my eyes tired. it'll be back unfortunately.
if those three sequels are ever even eventually made (also i think it's four sequels last i heard)
I'm 2 minutes in and absolutely loving the references to people I've never heard of...salsa dancing with Jerry Nadler?? **hilarious!!**
r/karmaconspiracy
all award shows are eligible for Emmys since they are broadcast on primetime television!
except the CIA, who was there
he won the electoral college by a margin of something like 103,000 votes combined in MI, WI and PA. that margin is minuscule. .07% of voters in the country decided the election (also idk where your info is from but if Clinton had won those three states she would have won electorally with 273 votes)
a fetus is not a newborn baby so your comparison is weak.
if you are in a dying town with no job you also have no money to afford to move to a city where you may find a job.
because we went there?
you cannot easily quantify a crowd you are in. that's why those pictures of the crowds from above are very useful.
yes, and they were there in the room.
still sad he's in jail for extortion or whatever
tbh from the tone of your comment above i thought you were implying the opposite, obviously you're correct about higher Spanish populations in those states.
that sounds scary
hm it must be because it disposes of the garbage! that's so weird i never knew it was called something different in Canada
you're just a poopy little slut who ruins things and wants the world to burn
all the way through probably about fifty times, but according to the itunes on my computer and phone i've listened to The Schuyler Sisters over 200 times.
things are a bit behind in Bangkok
huh! TIL. back when i was in school christians were still calling it devil worship
damn that post is becoming a legend
flat feet
circa 2000?
my favorite part is when she feels like a terrible human being
but he wasn't alive then... maybe you mean turn of the 21st century, which was 17 years ago
gotta get those deals
i thought the same thing. the "ea" isn't really two crisp syllables.
"lol oh my gish" is my favorite part of all that
this is true. source: have flat feet
i love going to controversial comments on articles like this and seeing how stupid they are
tbh they could do a hundred lottery seats per show and still be making $1.5 million bucks a week
did you ever figure it out? it's like they're talking in code
yeah i googled it as well but couldn't figure out any of those websites, i'll click download and it downloads some tiny file that isn't the movie
nope! i guess i should be huh?
Hey hey hey HEYYYY👋👋👋 Put cha lighter’s up🔦🔦🔦! Ganja’s in the house 🏠 owwwwww😷! As you can tell from my accent I am from Dallas, Tex-ass🐴! And it was not very easy growing up looking like this💁! Whether I was playing in my grandma’s clothes👵 or putting on a show for my well-organized alphabetically-ordered beanie babies 🐱🐥🐵🐼 I was guh guh guh GAY👬👭! OKKKK😃! But it wasn’t until I moved to Los Angeles ☀️🌴 that I discovered 🚬Marijuana🍀, I mean I like to smoke💨💨💨, y’all I am just flying✈️ as high👆 as your receding hairline👴! OK! 🚬 Marijuana🍀 really does help me calm down😴, so y’all, I went to Valencia where they film the TV show 🌱Weeds🌱! Now, y’all, it’s very dry🔥☀️, it’s almost kinda like your vagoina✌️👌! Can I get an amen🙌🙏?!? Now y’all, I am a treehugger🌳🌲 because if it ain’t green♻️, HUH😫 I’m not interested🙅! OKCURRRRRRRR💅💃!
MUH SAFE SPACE 😰😢❄️
isn't he the one that said he had a mandate...and he won in a landslide...and no one respects women more than him...
ah yes! i watched it and it's not really a good show but I did love Bombshell
he deleted, allegedly he was out on reddit to occupy himself during his studies
thanks for the info! wow that kind of sucks, i thought he was entertaining
i only posted it because you said this lol
because underage sex is only possible with a penis and a vagina?
it has to do with percentages of the population. African americans are about 13% of the US population but are killed by police in much higher percentages than caucasians.
oh yeah i forgot that committing crimes is justification for murder!
the episode aired the day after President Clinton's impeachment proceedings began
i'm unfortunately a US fish :/
dexter got bad around season 6 imo
think yew
i think that's what RuPaul means in the song
what did i do to deserve you??
lol @ "less of the bitchiness" what kind of gay men do you know
i'll have the catfish po'boy with extra chuckle
just fyi if you're possibly interested in the actual vocal selections, i purchased them from Amazon for approximately $17 and they were identical to these arrangements that were $10 per song! so a terrific deal that saves like $113
that's what you get for attempting to use portrait when landscape would be much more appropriate
oh okay cool!
is it just me or are the graphics still like...not great? obviously it's still in its neverending development but considering what something like FFXV looked like, these graphics are super underwhelming
why is the piano version of Forever &amp; Always so much better than the original??
i actually changed my name to Linda, to get more jobs in HR. it's a real Linda's club.
how can you name a baby Gertrude?? that and Mildred are probably the two "old lady names" i can't get behind. my great aunts were Gertrude, Florence and Helen and my grandma is Glenda Gale. some names are just too old-fashioned to bring back
i didn't especially because Brendan Fraser isn't in it
they're pretty good but the animation is not so great
i thought it was his likeness that they weren't supposed to use and then they ended up using several photos of him? or something like that
...i've done both and can confirm they aren't anything alike
most of the ladies entrance looks are giving me Disney villain realness (Sasha is Final Fantasy but because of Kingdom Hearts that's basically Disney) Ru's makeup is looking fierce as fuck
lol he thought TPM was amazing??? wtf Ron
eh just because you believe your own lies doesn't make them not lies. it makes you a psycho i'm pretty sure.
cross dressers are straight men who usually get some kind of fetishistic kick or of dressing as women drag queens are usually gay men who dress as women for entertainment purposes
holy shit of course this was posted ten hours ago and i didn't see it until an hour ago when i woke up in the middle of the night, and then my google chrome had some kind of spazz and i had to reset my computer, and now they're all gone. same thing that happened to me last time they were uploaded!!! FML
i just love the title
she played maria reynolds and peggy in an early reading, there is no cast album featuring her. the only official cast recording is the original broadway cast.
thank you!!
technically it is
was Danny Devito the voice of Phil? i can’t recall
i thought the three crowns were bronze, silver and gold?
r/thathappened
🦑🐙i have both?
“oh oprah!” and “oh gale!” are two of me and my BF’s reactions just to everyday occurrences thanks to this episode
2 years ago i tried this when i finally bought a new PS2 years after mine had broken, got out of Midgar without dying and went across the sea and got in some random battle and died. i was very sad (the ps1 memory card came in the mail the next day)
i was writing them with question marks because they’re questions. “incredibly intimate understanding” isn’t necessary, i’m intelligent enough to know that “oh say, can you see?” is the beginning of a question. “can you see what so proudly we hailed?” it’s a question. why would i google the lyrics when the point was i was refuting that no one knows the lyrics. the song is hundreds of years old and Americans hear it constantly since childhood. who *doesn’t* know the lyrics??
sure but what six year old asks why the president is an idiot? my nephew is six and i can’t think of any reason he would ask something like that. seems very r/thathappened to me
r/ATBGE
thank you, you are a wonderful human being
prison term for child pornography + murder + bank robbery
He did an Internet and now the computers like him and Wall Street is Google.
ehhh trump is allegedly richer but it’s highly doubtful considering all he lies about. Oprah is by far the more qualified of the two.
is it just me or does she look like a cracked out Susan Sarandon
i’m also gay so this math is checking out so far
why does “hypocrisy” always look like it’s not supposed to be spelled that way
(notice snotty quotes)
their faces are much better looking in the original, idk how they messed that up so bad in the remaster
i personally find it obnoxious, i feel like they’re kind of intruding on a space that is not meant for them
