Because it increases the usefulness of bitcoin and therefore its value.
&gt; into either the 1mb chain or 20mb chain or both
&gt; I want to design for the worst case Are you? Are you designing? Are you working on bitcoin? Do you contribute experimental or simulation data to the mailing list? Are you sending pull requests?
It was an honest question and I haven't talked to you before, so I don't understand the hostility. I specifically quoted this part of your sentence: "I want to design for the worst case" and asked my question regarding that. And the reason I ask this question is that you make it sound like you're one of the core-devs with all and absolute answers to any problem in the bitcoin space. But personally I don't see you anywhere other than on this sub reddit, unless you use different names there. Hence my question. One of the complaints Rusty Russel had when entering the Bitcoin space was that there is so much freaking noice and it's nigh impossible to distinguish self proclaimed arm-chair experts (if not flat out trolls) from the few truly knowledgeable people.
And c is the portion of full nodes run by people over 18. And d are the trolls on Reddit. O(abcdn^4)
Unfortunately that's what the sheep following him think. In the meantime he's just a huge distraction wasting valuable developers' time.
You've been explained exactly that a million times, but you chose not to listen. Your loss.
Lies. Doubling is already in progress.
If you read this as "quit whining", the whole freaking post is one huge whine. Definitely not honest or less despicable. Well, I guess it still could be if we never heard from him again...
He's talking about the "scaling problem", not about scaling. And that's the whole problem why people don't understand and why they're judging things only by superficial promises of endless rainbows. If you blow more air into a party balloon you are scaling. But you're not changing the scalability. The "scaling problem" refers to the fact that it's going to pop at some point! To improve scalability you need to improve the quality of the balloon. Thicker skin, better material, etc. THEN you can start inflating again.
Yes LN can run on Bitcoin as it is now. Maybe if you would have invested 1 hour of your time to listen to for example the initial announcement presentation video of LN instead of wasting your time listening to trolls, then you would have known not to parrot lies and FUD.
Actually no. He's a valued member of this community and a voice of reason. I can't believe people can remain that calm in the face of disgusting trolls. You on the other hand...
You can leave that to PeterR... UNLIMITED!!!!11 He's already scientifically proven that no limit is necessary. Well maybe not peer reviewed... well... ignoring the peers that had any comments... well... maybe not at all... but still ! UNLIMITEDd !!!1!
Lies. FUD and ignorant parrotting.
That's because it's much more efficient with malleability fixed. But it can be done without.
Lies. It's so amazing how you trolls come up with your lies. From the very first announcement of sidechains it was said they're not for scaling. But don't listen to me. Don't check it for yourself. Ignore it and repeat the same FUD tomorrow like a proper troll.
Sure then don't educate yourself. Your loss. Poor people reading and believing your bs though.
The word scalability appears twice in the document, both not in the context of scaling Bitcoin with sidechains.
Smart people already have. They're bogus as well as the writer. You don't need an academic background to recognise the butthurt 3 year-old tactics.
Then how come any post by R screams butthurt ego?
That's what underway means. Shit takes time you know.
&gt; You could (implement LN without a TM fix), There you go. You educated yourself. Congratulations! Cookie for little horsie.
The general code exists for 6 months. It's being adapted and fine tuned and debugged. Bitcoin is a million times harder than normal software and you can be sure that even Microsoft takes their time with updates, so it shouldn't be surprising that it takes some time. Besides that huge amounts of time is being wasted debating trolls that spread misinformation and lies and thereby confusing everyone.
That whole site means absolutely nothing if actual developers and others that know what they are taking about don't join (and that means Core, Blockstream and some others). And tbh I'd seriously doubt they'd let themselves be lured into another sesspool of a miss america competition.
The whining is large in this one.
Well good luck. In the meantime i hope you can put your coding skills to good use. Try not to make yourself an outcast.
Vile person
That makes no sense whatsoever. A whole network of people running different settings is going to drown me out? Meaning i can do a double spend for every single permutation of settings that exist in the network. And that network is then after N blocks going to come to a magic consensus on which one of my double spends was the valid one. Like I said: not only is 0 conf killed by BU, N conf is killed too.
You people are vile and disgusting. Displaying an obvious and complete lack of understanding of even the basics of LN or Bitcoin, yet coming here badmouthing, misquoting, lieing, and parrotting FUD not just about the technology but even about the experts that actually know what they're taking about and are doing the actual hard work. All in the open, as open source and for free, might I add. If you think you can do better than go do it instead of wasting everyone's time with your childish misquotes.
You just displayed a glaring misunderstanding of the difference between Bitcoin choosing the longest chain and BU hopping between differently configured chains when one is N longer than others (or whatever magic they think they can make up). And by even bringing up reorgs you are implying that BU has magic that prevents reorgs there? Yeah thought not. Reorgs are going to be more frequent and longer in BU. So to get the same security of 6 confs in Bitcoin you'd need a lot more than 6 on BU. Which also means that BU is going to be wasting a lot of hashing power and create a lot of orphans (blocks and chains) and therefore the combined network security will be significantly lower than what Bitcoin achieves. Oh yeah and to come back to doublespending: all of those orphaned blocks can contain a different double spend, so your 5 conf transaction can now trivially be double spent. Nice. You can bet your ass I will be double spending my fake coins like crazy is BU ever launches and hasn't died yet by the time I wake up the next morning.
You just displayed a glaring misunderstanding of the difference between Bitcoin choosing the longest chain and BU hopping between differently configured chains when one is N longer than others (or whatever magic they think they can make up). And by even bringing up reorgs you are implying that BU has magic that prevents reorgs there? Yeah thought not. Reorgs are going to be more frequent and longer in BU. So to get the same security of 6 confs in Bitcoin you'd need a lot more than 6 on BU. Which also means that BU is going to be wasting a lot of hashing power and create a lot of orphans (blocks and chains) and therefore the combined network security will be significantly lower than what Bitcoin achieves. Oh yeah and to come back to doublespending: all of those orphaned blocks can contain a different double spend, so your 5 conf transaction can now trivially be double spent. Nice. You can bet your ass I will be double spending my fake coins like crazy is BU ever launches and hasn't died yet by the time I wake up the next morning.
&gt; For people using money on their mobile phones, running a node isn't something they are going to want to do. Which is why we need fraud proofs, so we can give light wallets at least a bit more security and we can have medium nodes in between full nodes and light nodes. For fraud proofs we need SegWit, which also doubles the blocksize. So no drama necessary.
And what have you got to show for yourself, claiming to be such an expert? Why would anyone trust a random blabbering FUD troll whose every word proves he has no clue whatsoever, over multiple independant experts with some 20 or 30+ years experience in Open Source and cryptocurrency space? If you're too stupid to understand what they're saying, maybe you should have the decency to STFU instead of making up FUD and accuse them of all kinds of ridiculous conspiracy BS. K.I.S.S. my ass. I dare you to make one coherent post that shows you have a single clue about even the basics of what's going on.
Published on Dec 10, 2014 What's your point?
&gt; Sounds more like an attack on bitcoin especially if it is coming from Core. Congratulations a new universe has just been discovered where your logic actually makes sense. Please board the one way express asap.
Because the large miners don't care about the global orphan rate, they win most races anyway. You've just found another angle to look at the same centralisation problem.
No it's proof that the centralisation problem is real: large miners win most orphan races so of course they don't care about them.
You're ignoring huge efforts by core devs that made big improvements as well as the fact that the whole network is currently dependant on a centralized solution by the name of Matt's Relay Network, without which Bitcoin would have been dead right now.
Fractured. Which is good and was bound to happen. People that invent their own logic will never be in consensus for long.
Thank you Core for your hard work and professionalism! Awesome job so far and excited for the many upcoming features and improvements!
You can create BIPS and discuss those all you want. Any other method is just hijacking and abusing the platforms built through the hard work of others to promote your own dishonest crap, while being poisonous to the real project.
Exactly.
Because that alt shit is set on destroying Bitcoin as a whole. Why poison yourself with it?
I wonder how you dare to make such absolute statements while clearly not actually knowing the facts. (See Adam Back reply.) Are you one of those people that just throw some buzzwords around and build your own reality on that? Quantum Computer! Or are you just one of those people that likes to make up FUD made to sound valid because of some buzzwords and intent on derailing honest discussions? There's certainly plenty of those people around. Either way if you would have been honest you would have posed your point as a question to experts instead of such an absolute statement 10x around the thread.
Do you have data to show why 16 or 32 are somehow optimal? Then why bikeshedding? When you pull numbers out of your ass any is as good as any other. Now Core actually has data to show that 1MB is currently at the edge of what's possible. Many optimisations and improvement (i.e. hard work) need to be done to allow a safe increase in block size limit. Luckily they have set out a roadmap and ARE working hard on doing exactly that. SW is a part of that and a big enabler for future improvements AND it doubles the effective size. A simple hard fork for size increase will probably happen later. Literally no one wants 1MB forever, that's just a troll srrawman.
FUD. 2 MB is already in progress. Have you seen the roadmap?
FUD and lies. Go troll somewhere else.
Yup sound like him for sure. He did that before.
Aaaaand paartyyy!
Nonsense. In a few months. Grow up and educate yourself instead of insulting educated people.
SW is ~doubling + shitload more actual improvements.
The ONE thing I was so afraid of getting into Bitcoin: an open source project with money at stake, that's going to amplify the normal open source project infighting and bikeshedding. But I didn't expect it this soon and I didn't really realise it was this bad until quite late.
You should see the loads of white space optimisations they've already committed to their github fork. Very impressive. Love your show guys. Just finished catching up to all old episodes. Great breath of fresh air that gives me hope that not the whole community is stupid.
Oktober 2015
Just to add: Sometimes referred to as BIP248 but definitely not official. Makes a lot of sense to introduce a BIP when the time is right and consensus has a decent chance instead of pointless bikeshedding and pretending BIPs are political pamphlets that we see now.
Finally a good episode again. He didn't go into fraud proofs although he promised. SW opens up the path to a dozen new features that can be worked on in parallel and then "voted" on through soft forks with versionbits.
A lot more than a few 100.
He's often wrong on details, true. He admits that too. At least this time he understood the gist and conveyed it well.
Haha amazing. Never realised that. So ethereum really doesn't have anything at all on bitcoin. Not even the claim to the irrelevant sales pitch "first turing complete". Cool.
How can be people be so stupid to keep putting their money in webwallets and exchanges? I couldn't care less about your loss, but you dumbfucks are hurting the entire bitcoin ecosystem as large numbers of bitcoins come into the hands of crminals which (best case) dump them lowering the price.
The Other XT .... Hmmm
True heroism confirmed by plenty proof of work. As opposed to 0 conf armchair trolls. Eternal respect! (And to Greg and many others!)
His tool is probably older than coinbin (whatever it is, i didn't check), in fact coinbin probably uses his tool. Just look at the trollery against RBF recently to see how people still can't get it into their heads that 0 conf is unsafe. Or even half of the replies to that twitter thing. True innovation is being stifled by ignorance. We need more if these demonstrations.
You should pay a little more attention, his tool is multiple years old and he's been taking about it all over the place for at least as long. 90+% success rate years ago. I guess it gets buried in the RBF and other 0conf related trollery.
Actually LN will allow you to do 0conf with 100% security. You might want to invest in that technology to try to speed up it's development. I can hook you up with a dev that's currently working on it part time but would be willing to do it full time.
You're failing by showing ignorance. Try it.
If only you would drop your RBF FUD and ignorance. This whole thing has nothing to do with RBF. The tool he used (and created) has existed for years. Oh now i see you need to mention RBF to validate your conspiracy theory. Pathetic.
It doesn't. And you don't. 90+% success rate and probably higher in this situation, although coinbase might learn from this.
As far as i know ATMs require at least one confirmation. At least the ones I've seen so far.
&gt; The purpose of the blockchain is to prevent double-spending. Coinbase wasn't using the blockchain, that's the whole point. Rest of your post is ignorant and unrelated FUD. This had nothing to do with RBF.
No you don't. This tool has existed for years and had 90+% success rate. RBF actually adds an extra warning to the receiver but otherwise doesn't change the likelihood of success.
Sure twist it into a conspiracy. Lamest in the book. 1) Double spending has been THE problem for digital currencies for 40+ years. 2) Blockchain solves that. 3) You don't use the blockchain (i.e. 0 conf -&gt; no blocks -&gt; no blockchain) then it's not solved for you. Parlez vous kindergarten logic?
Of course it's not 100%, noone ever claimed that. It almost can't be if the receiver is not completely stupid and you don't have all the miners in your pocket. But 100% is not really the goal here and even 1% is be profitable. Anyway, seems Peter is going to help you troubleshoot.
Lie and FUD. This has nothing to do with RBF. The tools were made and published and working almost 2 years ago and others have done similar things. And it works _without_ using RBF whatsoever.
I'm not sure what is scarier. Mining centralization or this ownership centralization. Exchanges are a lot easier for governments to confiscate. 10 fold MtGox waiting to happen and the worst part is that it affects the whole of Bitcoin if those coins get dumped (aside from the negative press).
Dude seriously. Why do you have time to parrot FUD around and insult hard working smart developers, but you yourself don't know the first thing? Stop posting anything and educate yourself! FCOL Payment channels are 2 / 3 years old, if not more. They're implemented. They're in use. They're gonna be even better and simpler with SW and CLTV.
Satoshi whitepaper, first paragraph: &gt; We propose a solution to the double-spending problem The blockchain + PoW was invented to solve the double spending problem (in a decentralized way). Which is THE biggest problem all predecessors faced.
https://streamium.io/ and it's been implemented in bitcoinj (the underlying library a lot mobile wallets use) for a while now.
I agree mining centralization is scarier, I was just comparing the two to indicate that this is also very bad. The problem is that other people (apparently) store millions of coins in centralized places and if those coins get stolen (a la MtGox or by governments) and get dumped then you can bet the price will tank for at least a while.
I have no idea what exchanges are holding but the OP says several million bitcoins in total I don't know very many large exchanges so several million divided by 5? Is still a shitload of coins in the same order of magnitude as MtGox, if not larger. Any of them can still do an exit scam, get hacked or get raided. I don't see what's so unlikely tbh.
Armchair trolls do neither, so still infinitely better.
Exactly, all the RBF FUD is trying to accomplish is block proper innovation and progress.
Nah, we're just shedding our fur. It was infested with fleas and leeches.
Why copy/paste a troll that was already debunked right there?
This exact tool is ~6 months, but the older replace-by-fee-tools were used to do a similar demonstrations. https://github.com/petertodd/replace-by-fee-tools
Finally some sense in this thread, after so much scrolling. +1
I am not (and I don't think anyone actually is) claiming 0conf should never be used. Of course anyone can decide that for themselves and there are a lot of measures people can take to defend themselves and lower the risks. Both with bitcoin as well as the physical world (cameras, face to face, Insure against the risk, etc.). One problem is that people think it's safe. Safer than it actually is. Low awareness is bad. It leads to things like mtgox, address reuse, miner centralisation and other bad things. Bitcoin must be robust for it to have value and that robustness must not depend on people dozing to sleep thinking everything is fine. And it can not rely on chargebacks either. Another more immediate problem is that preserving an accidental minor feature ("0conf is not impossible") can make people think that 0conf is one of the design goals. That causes roadblocks for actual innovations that do make Bitcoin more robust. Like RBF. And in this case it's even worse: RBF doesn't change the safety of 0conf at all and still people are throwing up roadblocks. Anyway the good news is that LN will enable 100% safe instant payments, so the future is bright. I agree with your comment on credit cards. It still seems insane to me that it would ever become popular but then again i sat that about facebook and twitter too.
No, when it fails you get to keep your cup of coffee so you lose nothing. &gt; Since it's an exchange, I suppose you can withdraw and then purchase from them again There you go. &gt; but you would be losing fees on each transaction which should make 1% unprofitable. Bleh. It's 90+% in reality anyway, so 1% was just an extreme example that may not be applicable in all cases for out of context reasons.
Why not do it yourself?
Of course. And that's the reason why 0conf will still be fine in a lot of cases as long as people remember and deal with the risk. And that's why it's good that people remind them every now and then with a small amount of money and some publicity.
And what decade do you think to have even one of these features finished, in this one man charade? Also noting that none of these features are novel and have been in the works for sometimes years in core. There are reasons this shit is difficult. Why are you giving these trolls any excuse to think they stand a chance with all this poisonous nonsense? You really think they will support you with anything other than armchair demands for the impossible? And that they will support you longer than your first slip up or first slightly contentious decision?
What magic happened in 1996 that any currency attempt before that failed to see?
Those people are idiots because it's "The longest VALID chain always wins." Where longest is defined as having the most total work behind it. And by definition a hard fork changes the definition of "valid". Maybe he should stick to his failed altcoin. Here's an idea, why not move Ethereum from PoW to PoSS? https://twitter.com/el33th4xor/status/686930653556944900 "Proof of Social Shaming"
I'll start believing the XT/Unlimited/Classic and other failed altcoin devs, the moment one word of sense comes out of them.
And for completeness Vitaliks reply: https://twitter.com/VitalikButerin/status/687050844928348161
So the classic website is already lying right off the bat: "It is a one-feature patch to bitcoin-core that increases the blocksize limit to 2 MB.". All kinds of nonsense will be included as well fit political reasons, yet without letting the ignorant sheep (your demographic) know what they are actually choosing. Just shoving your own dishonesty under your own nose.
&gt; We need a solution. is not a reason to do braindead stupid shit!
https://www.wikipedia.org/wiki/DigiCash And that's not the first.
Don't you think we've drifted far enough from the context and the original point. I said something like 40 years (can't even bother to look up the exact details), by which I meant "multiple decades", not literally 4 years to the day. And then... I have no idea how we got here and I don't really care either.
You can add: The website says: "It is a one-feature patch to bitcoin-core that increases the blocksize limit to 2 MB.". But even if that were possible (I don't think they're stupid enough to only change one constant, maybe they are) there is already plenty of talk of piling up all kinds of other stuff. For example removing RBF: https://www.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/40lo56/bitcoin_classic_we_are_hard_forking_bitcoin_to_a/cywfk6g
This +1
Yeah right, you pull a number 1996 out of your ass, without so much as a reference or even a name to what that year relates. That's proving me wrong? The link I provided just proved you wrong by 6 years and it contains a reference to a paper from 1983. &gt; Anything else I can do for you today? Go waste someone else's time with trivially wrong and off point nonsense.
Well said man. I feel very similar.
Yeah I missed that link. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cypherpunk &gt; The technical roots of Cypherpunk ideas have been traced back to work by cryptographer David Chaum on topics such as anonymous digital cash and pseudonymous reputation systems, described in his paper Security without Identification: Transaction Systems to Make Big Brother Obsolete (1985).[1]
Oh i have an idea. Let's post even more spam and nonsense so we can waste more time of more readers or even better it gets removed and then we get to cry "censored". Win-win.
100.000 and i would donate them to Blockstream and other core devs. No strings attached, except maybe some would have a locktime. Expect a price rise soon!
A 2 MB hardfork wouldn't be rolled out significantly quicker than SW anyway. And with a hard fork reaching a support majority before activating is critical. SW needs a lot less and allows people to slowly update when they're ready.
&gt; cambrian explosion of lying shills Love that description. Very fitting and recognisable
Very good podcast. No bs, good questions.
You're parroting the ignorant claim that bitcoin is some sort of magic democracy machine. If you had actually any clue you'd know this is all bs.
&gt; No, we will not put our trust in you or any "range of individuals" You already are, dummy. They are the range of people that built this thing for the last few years. You are running their software. But don't worry, luckily for you they're also the range of people that actually do know what they're talking about and actually do have the right intentions. All you need to do for things to work out is sit back and shut up. Anything you do our day is counter productive as it only wastes time.
This censorship whining is getting old. You guys need to come up with the next meme.
&gt; The network will the decide if that fork is worth following or not. That's not how "the network" works and certainly not where the network gets its value from, in fact it's value will be pissed away if the network turns into a Miss America contest. &gt; Your "benevolent dictator" approach is the exact contrary of Bitcoin's Spirit Your putting words into his mouth. That's not what he said at all. But funnily you should investigate what Mike Hearn and Gavin want on that front.
Then you completely misunderstood and have been ignorant for all that time. You better sell.
All wrong. Rules have been established to define what consensus about transaction ordering means and those rules are very specific for the currency application that bitcoin is. Consensus about those rules is a whole different level of consensus. That's like a 3d printer that can print itself, which 3d printers one day might (not yet) but bitcoin never will. If you want to get consensus to get your grandma for president then OBVIOUSLY that falls outside the scope of bitcoin, no matter how much out of context you quote satoshi. Same goes for getting consensus about changing the rules of Bitcoin itself. You are confusing different contexts for the same word "consensus" which have absolutely nothing to do with each other.
And THAT's the reason why miner centralization is bad. And thus are Core people trying to stop it from getting worse, by doing hard complex work to actually improve Bitcoin efficiency instead of simply changing a constant that WILL make it centralization exponentially worse.
&gt; I guess you never heard of this magical thing called a trustless p2p network, have you? Actually, no I haven't. Is that like Bittorrent with guarantee from God that the software is not backdoored? You're the one using the censorship card for your protection here. Anyway, don't feed the trolls and all that... shoo...
I will, once stupidity truly takes over. One of the appeals of Bitcoin is the amount of scientific brainpower backing it. Once the combined IQ of the people doing the actual work starts to plummet it's time to sell. I have high hopes though that the trolls only occupy a small minority that tries to make up for their numbers by being extremely loud and hostile.
Yeah but dummies like you can't build and maintain something as complex like Bitcoin, so it's never going to fly or survive. The only thing you could accomplish is to ruin it for everyone, like stupid people have done throughout history. "The earth is flat, and if you bring up scientific evidence otherwise we'll burn you!" Also, there is nothing ivory about those towers. Anyone with a clue is allowed in, you don't need to be of royal descent. If you're jealous that some people are smarter than you and have to call that elitist... well, your loss.
I've always wondered what the best/fairest way would be. Starting anew might be very difficult. Bitcoin probably had the one and only chance at a reasonably fair distribution. Resuming from a snapshot of Bitcoin solves that, but has many downsides too. A one or two-way peg (optionally for a limited time only) to the new coin sounds like a nice middle ground. Please keep us informed if such a thing ever happens.
&gt; Thanks for contributing to an open source project. I can't take any credit. I try to answer questions (only the ones that I feel qualified to answer) and I help out at some meetups, but that's it. I'm simply in awe of the rocket scientists that took us to the moon. I have an above average understanding of the intricacies involved, which allows me to see the beauty even better. I'm however nowhere near the level of those rocket scientists themselves. I am completely and utterly pissed off at the unfair treatment these people are getting for not delivering the impossible, pronto. Especially since it's coming from people that can't do anything themselves and can't manage to put two sentences down that are not riddled with inaccuracies or complete lies. I'm sorry if I can't stand dumb people. I'm dumb myself in 99% of other fields of life, but I don't claim otherwise and in those contexts I try to shut up. Not all of this frustration is directed at just you, btw.
The oracle is actually harder than you'd think. Although with some trust a centralized system could work quite well. Having a few oracles and majority rules sort of setup. Sybil attacks and exit-scams always remain a problem though. The other option might be http://bitcoinhivemind.com/ which can do more than just binary options and forms a decentralized oracle of sorts.
Too high??? For a fking hard fork??? 25% is not contentious enough??? The lunacy increases. Are you afraid your hostile takeover is not going to make it? You do realise that 40% of the hashing power means more than 51% of your 60%, right? WTF does the US constitution or anything like that have to do with any of this?
This whole choice thing is bull shit. Someone needs to explain to you that bitcoin is about reaching consensus on ___transaction ordering___. Period. That's it. Nothing else. Order of transactions. One before the other and double spends get dropped. It has jack shit to do with voting or democracy! Bitcoin doesn't do miss america elections! The bitcoin rules describe how to get consensus on transaction ordering. They don't describe presidential elections or US constitutions. And the bitcoin consensus rules fucking certainly don't describe how to get consensus on the bitcoin consensus rules themselves. (See how i put the weird consensus in two completely different contexts in the same sentence? Think about it!) A fork is a fork. A split. Out of consensus. Division of chains. Splintering. Two separate ways. NEVER to merge again. Never to come back to consensus. Im-fucking-possible. So there are now two Bitcoins. Doubling the number of coins in existence, tanking the value for all and confusing the hell out of everyone. Lots of people getting scammed out of at least half their coins. Complain about RBF regarding 0conf? How about this shit for not knowing where your coins are going to end up even after 50 confirmations on one chain? Hashing network power gets split 60 - 40 so security for both chains is completely to shit as both have an instant 51% attack sword over their heads. So there are now 2 Bitcoins and all this voting bs you talk about is people voluntarily destroying one of them and orderly switching to the other? That's the plan right? And then you are going to do all this shit for every little change ever? Blocks are full of spam again, vote for another doubling! SW yes or no? Make your vote now! CT? cast your vote here! 10 minute block time outdated? Click here to agree. Jtoomim not benevolent enough? Vote here for Roy Rednecks special sauce! 21 million? No the US needs 1 million extra to pay off its debts: be patriotic and vote here! So there are 20 votes happening simultaneously. 20x more coins, 1/20th hashing power. All chains attacking each other, whoever said voting must be a clean process? Why wouldn't all altcoins be reimplemented again as vote? Silver to gold, sure. Zero, very anonymous. Vote for a picture of a dog on the coins today! And after this precedent the rest of the world looking at bitcoin from the outside are going to have to trust that this bitcoin clusterfuck is as solid as gold and therefore valuable? Are you seriously fucking stupid? Humanity is just too stupid for this stuff. It doesn't deserve bitcoin. Sorry Satoshi, the earth is still flat. Please come back after the dark ages.
Dogecoin all over...
+1 Unlimited and classic to follow soon. Bye Gavin and jtoomim
I don't mind letting the line slip a bit and then I'll buy later. It's good for everybody if weak hands just leave.
Thanks. Together with getting it off my chest, makes it worth it. Anyway, completely done with these jokers. I hear there's bitcoins available at a discount, time to get me some!
You think a solid roadmap backed by 98% of all experts and developers is causing a collapse? Not by any chance the threat of a hard fork by one single nobody to activate end of March with a mere 60% trigger? Or the timed and paid propaganda by hero of the other troll fork, XT Mike Hearn? If Bitcoin can be split by a 60% mob rule, no matter good or bad, then what's the point of Bitcoin at all? Of course the price would plummet, no matter what happens.
He has. Thank you very much for that Gavin. Good bye to you.
This! Huge amounts of work are being done and a doubling is already on the roadmap for a month now, in a fundamentally safer and better way: SW! SW is going in around April, so Classic is trying to undercut that by going to TRIGGER in March [1]. A totally untested and unprepared and enormously contentious HARD fork in two months!!! EVERYONE in the whole world needs to update within 2 months? Bitcoin will be dead and ClassicCoin will be the new one, within two months?! Oh and just to make sure it's not contentious enough, they're talking about making the threshold 60%, not 75% like crazy-XT and certainly not like around 95% like normal people think about when talking about hard forks. [1] https://www.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/410kxj/now_is_the_time_to_fork_bitcoin_because_core/cyz1j4t [2] https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin_Classic/comments/40wnre/on_activation_thresholds/cyz0y3f?context=3
Reading comprehension much? The post you are answering to says there IS action going on. A huge amount of it. In short: you're just spreading FUD and lies.
Only to the clueless side of the community.
&gt; They are not mutually exclusive. They are when 2 different (software) forks introduce them right at the same time and make a big fight out of it.
It's in the fucking FAQ right beside the roadmap: "we do expect to make hard forks in the future". Stop spreading lies and FUD.
&gt; reduced malleability Not "reduced". _Complete_ elimination of all malleability that matters. But sure, downplay that as if one of Satoshis biggest mistakes is trivial and unimportant.
You listen to FUD too much. Time is not running out. SW is not complex, it's actually much safer than a hard fork. It's been running and tested for more than half a year now. SW actually opens up avenues for _scalability_ improvements, unlike just changing a constant and sticking your head in the sand.
False, wasn't a hard fork. https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/2s2utx/the_hard_fork_missile_crisis/cnlqcd1 http://bitcoin.stackexchange.com/questions/36090/has-a-hard-fork-ever-occurred
Lies. SW is a 2MB soft fork and further hard forks are already mentioned in the FAQ to the roadmap. And has actually been talked about (in a non troll setting) for much longer.
&gt; Bitcoin classic is only a one time increase as well. Actually Bitcoin Classic is a complete hostile takeover, they're already planning many other contentious nonsense. Opt-in RBF is probably the first to die. And they'll just put in a lot of checkboxes into the GUI so that everyone can configure their own flavour of Classicoin, none of which will of course be compatible with each other (but they don't understand that yet). But just in case that would scare you or Sam Cole. For now they have a real hard promise on their website that says it's only a one patch thing. And nothing else. Troll's honor.
&gt; Segwit only works once. 4th time (yeah, I counted) you are saying the dumbest thing in SW context. Your job must be to parrot lies and FUD. I hope it pays well. SW opens up a whole spectrum of future improvements. Some of which us mere mortals (and maybe even the wizards) have not even thought of. It's like you are only interested in doubling the length of your spear, but the wizards have just invented gun powder.
They backpedaled on 8. But there are fine with 2.
&gt; create the illusion of consensus. Very good description. It's all smokes and mirrors based on pseudo science and wishful thinking. Too bad people are so gullible to whoever promises them more.
Glad you're still around, Greg. Take your time, but we're missing your highly informational and educational posts and videos. And for all the trolls, it appears there's still hope for you: http://feed.thisamericanlife.org/~r/talpodcast/~5/AP3kjgj-V5Y/545.mp3
Not Core, I can tell you that. If this Classic shit comes off the ground, Bitcoin is dead and Core people will switch their time on better things. But people around here keep thinking one single failed altcoin dev can do what 60 experienced devs, some of which have 30+ years experience with open source, digital currencies and decentralization. Laughable and sad.
&gt; Jonathan Toomim Failed altcoin dev nobody. Has displayed complete misunderstanding of decentralization and consensus multiple times already. &gt; Gavin Andresen Good dev and engineer, but also lacks fundamental knowledge. Was the one that plunged us all into this mess by splitting the community and then hiding behind trolls. &gt; Ahmed Bodiwala Unknown to everyone. &gt; Jeff Garzik Great engineer, but Bitcoin is a whole different level than Linux. &gt; Peter Rizun Just mentioning his name in a list of developers is just a complete insult to all developers. Butthurt failed acadamic that came up with some nonsense that was quickly debunked but now keeps repeating it until all dumb people believe it.
No changes yet. But announcing a hugely contentious HARD fork with untested code, that will completely ruin consensus, to TRIGGER in March with only a 60% threshold, instead of something like 95% or more that Core or Satoshi would have used. Nothing short of a hostile coup.
A hard fork is supposed to have consensus of 95% of the economic parties (NOT just some miners) at the very VERY least. What are exactly your plans to splinter the community?
&gt; Segwit implemented via a hard fork is much better, cleaner, and safer than adding it via a soft fork. You know that better than the people that work with this code base daily and actually already implemented the whole thing, including rigorous test cases? Don't you feel like you are shouting at football match on TV from your armchair? &gt; Core has chosen to avoid hard forks at all cost because it may set a precedent which threatens their central control over development. There are VERY good reasons to avoid hard forks. One of which is that Bitcoin is supposed to be as stable and trustworthy as gold. How is anyone ever going to believe it will be stable for hundreds of years if it gets changed around every year at the whim of what some majority of fools wants? And two because hard fork by definition split the community and split Bitcoin, unless they are 100% uncontentious backed by everyone (not just miners). And that's exactly what's about to happen is Classic gets it's way and it will be a mess that destroys Bitcoin for years if not completely. In short: let the people that know what they are doing do their thing. Just keep an eye on them and verify as much as you can. So far, they have done absolutely nothing that shows they're not completely aligned with the success of Bitcoin.
Your post clearly shows that you have been fed lies. Please be VERY careful in taking things for truth. The lying and FUD is really rampant. Imagine it's the US presidential elections, but only one side has hired those election advisers that make up dirt (like misquoting, exaggerating, out of context, etc.) to smear the other side, and they just keep repeating lie after lie, knowing that when people hear it often enough it will stick in their minds.
There is no such thing as compromise if the facts are clearly showing they are correct. This is science, not some popularity contest! Wishing for something doesn't make it possible. The shitty thing is crooks come along claiming they can provide for those impossible wishes and people will start following them.
It's actually an excellent argument, because that's exactly what a hard fork means. It sets a precedent that Bitcoin rules can change at the whim of some majority. &gt; Larger blocks are technically necessary Not technically. And if the experts say that it's currently impossible then there's no amount of wishful thinking that is going to help. Let the experts improve the rest of the system in preparation for an increase WHEN it's possible. In the meantime we get SW which is a big increase already anyway.
Telling the truth is not "classic"'s method of operation. It's easier to convince the illiterate with lies and promises.
Not true... SW is merely on their TODO list along with a lot of other things. Problem is they don't have a dev that is capable of even implementing it, so they have to completely depend on stealing it from Core. As long as Core is still being updated that is. Unless "one-feature patch" on their website is a lie, which is actually highly likely as they are already talking about dropping opt-in RBF. Well, I guess you're right. There's no way to know what they'll do. Just sign their blank check and have faith, why don't you.
Only the ignorant part that has no clue what it's about. I guess we'll see how large that ignorant part is when classic launches.
And the FAQ that goes along with it talks about a hard fork in due time, when it's non contentious. As any hard fork ever, should be. Besides it doesn't matter as they can also increase the size with a soft fork when necessary.
Sure, kick them in the nuts for no reason and then expect them to keep working for you for free? Because that's how open source works? No mister, you better make sure you find some more than mediocre developers to do your work for you. The ones you have now do not have a single clue.
Disgusting! They are not your employees, you are not hiring them, you are not even paying them a dime! They are volunteers that have dedicated their lives to this cause, even before Bitcoin existed. They work hard, deliver awesome code, kept Bitcoin afloat and made Bitcoin 100x better than it was when Satoshi left. But what gratitude do they get? "I want feature X, you're taking too long and I don't understand your reasons because I'm stupid. This other guy I've never heard of before is promising me that feature tomorrow, so you're fired I'm going with him."
Yeah that's what they say about all the altcoins. Funny how none of them do that. Maybe because even copying complex code is too difficult for mediocre devs. Also: the reverse is true too: Bitcoin can copy from good things altcoins do. Want to know why that has never happened? Because those mediocre devs can't come up with anything innovative and worthwhile. Want to give some data on how the devs behind classic are more than mediocre?
They're also going to filter out opt-in RBF.
Can't handle facts and truth and logic? Your little brain hurts when you have to think for yourself? Poor you.
Correction: He's been working on destroying Bitcoin from within for years. Remember passports? All this pushing towards centralization? Adding easily DOSable feature to Bitcoin, just because he needed them for his pet side project? The constant whining about soft forks more dangerous than hard forks? (Which people are still parrotting today.)
Nothing insulting about the truth. Are you going to be flying in an airplane built by the general populace?
It is. it IS exactly "anti-intellectual, sound bite driven". It's the perfect description. The fact that you don't see it that way merely proves the point. You're falling for the sound bites. Also: 6 months is nothing. You shouldn't even have the right to post anything on the Bitcoin topic other than polite questions. Bitcoin is complex shit.
The fact that you promise unlimited first, with a huge amount of divisive rhetoric and insulting. Then at some point you get it into your thick skull that maybe unlimited isn't gonna work, but instead of acknowledging you were wrong you go for 20MB and then 8 MB and now 2MB, because _finally_ you're seeing what experts have been saying all along (Are you really seeing it? Er is it your latest populist dream pusher du jour that you happen to listen to today). In the meantime the smart people have moved on and are en route for 1.75MB in a safer and fundamentally better way. But instead of admitting that you were wrong (and still are) and seeing that the difference isn't really worth arguing about anymore anyway, what do you do? You want to destroy what's left and insult every hard working person in this project some more. Clap clap clap... feel like a big boy now? It took you 6 months to
&gt; So he took Gnutella and expanded it. I'm sure he has a lot more to show for than you. I can tell from just that one sentence. Don't be sore about it.
It's probably fair to say that it has done that to everyone who is currently into Bitcoin, at least once. Not aversion per se, but at least the thought "that can't possibly work". I wouldn't trust anyone that claims otherwise.
Yeah like Hearn when he changed his mind 1 or 2 years ago. "Let's use XT to do a hostile takeover."
Welcome back to sanity. Any tips on how to persuade others?
Mike Hearn has actually been quite irrelevant and hasn't been active for Bitcoin for quite some time now. Regarding the rest of your post: Scientific experts lay a foundation of facts and truth, built by logic. Of all people, you as a politician, know how important it is to listen to the advice of experts in the field. There are none better or more qualified than the current Core team. The social problem you talk about is that people refuse to accept the facts and are turning to quacks that promise them what they want to hear. In that regard the problem is not technical indeed. In fact the technical solution has already been put into motion long ago. The facts say that any hard fork is very ill advised right now. Splintering a project is always dangerous, but even more so if the project is "money". Money is nothing but "trust: trust that all is well today and trust that it will be tomorrow". War (a hard fork) is definitely not good for "money". So, you think there is a social problem and the geeks only look at the facts, which clearly don't convince everyone. Could you please try to see if you can be a solution to this social problem? You probably won't be able to convince them that the experts are right, maybe better not even try. But tell them not to go to war, for a victory cannot be had. Not even by winning. Core is working hard on readying Bitcoin for true democracy. A situation where literally everyone can create any feature they wish and then convince others to join her. Without having to wait for consensus (so innovation can be very quick) and without having to start a war. Because those features can coexist peacefully beside each other. Good features will grow in popularity, bad feature will simply not get used much and eventually die off. People get to vote by simply using the features they like. Improvements and features (most already in the works even before the block size debate started) that will enable democracy: - Side chains to allow experimentation and rapic innovation without risking Bitcoin. - Version bits will allow multiple soft forks to happen at the same time. Features don't need to wait months before being rolled out, or get delayed because the previous feature is progressing too slow. - Refactoring the code, not only to make it cleaner and easier to understand, but also to separate the really difficult consensus part into the libconsensus library. This will allow for completely new Bitcoin implementations that are still compatible with Bitcoin. - Core has come up with methods of doing almost any conceivable new feature as a soft fork. So there will be no limits to what eager developers and inventors could come up with. - Better documentation every day, to make it easier for new developers to come in. - many more I am convinced we can have the first parts of true and peaceful democracy within Bitcoin within a year or so. The immediate block size problem will already have been fixed by Core within a few months, so there's plenty of time for a democracy to spawn.
That example shows EXACTLY why you should listen to experts that apply the scientific method instead of handwaving guesses. Note that your example is from a time when the scientific method did not exists in the medical world.
&gt; who could have been considered experts Nice way to turn an argument upside down! Classic devs are quacks "who could have been considered experts". Meanwhile Core experts have facts and data on their side and make convincing logically sound arguments (i.e. science), for those open minded enough to listen.
Almost all core people have been explaining every little detail of everything countless times. Here and in forums and on the dev mailing list, on IRC in Youtube video of conference and meetups. If you want knowledge all you need to do is look around a little bit and read/listen. The only excuse you could have for missing it (besides not trying) is that it's getting burried in downvotes and lies and FUD by trolls. If you want easy-to-digest no-need-for-a-brain type promises, then yes there are also people that will promise you anything you like. Snake oil salesmen keep finding new markets.
And it was never even put into a BIP because it turned out to be, yes wait for it... impossible to do safely in the current Bitcoin. "Impossible" is not disproved by changing one constant and saying "see, it's possible!" There a bit more to software development than that and Bitcoin happens to be complex.
Flawed logic. Not only is this minority as you call it, the only group of people in the world skilled and experienced enough to work on this stuff at the moment, so there is no choice. All their work and discussion is in the open though, so this is easily mitigated by simply verifying. Also they have been and are working hard on embedding democracy into Bitcoin itself. Soon it will be possible for anyone to roll their own preferred feature into a sidechain or soft fork and do just it. Completely permissionless! End users will get to decide which soft fork survives and which doesn't.
You do their bidding, so you know.
I can guarantee you there is no shit throwing in the technical arguments and logic coming from Core. They may have their personal shit throwing between each other and Mike and Gavin and others every now and then. But the technical stuff is very solid.
Incorrect. &gt; The majority hashing power sets the rules per Bitcoin. That's not true at all. It's about the economic majority. Full nodes and exchanges and merchants have a say in it too. And even then: it's still very bad if that majority is anything significantly lower than 100%. Bitcoin is supposed to be as stable and trustworthy as gold. A change in the rules is a very bad precedent.
Economics is the LAST thing that has anything to do with this. No economic argument is going to change the fact that something is physically impossible. Just as much as no economic argument is going to make pigs fly. Economic arguments merely spur the wishful thinking. No they didn't know 1MB was perfect, it wasn't perfect in fact it was waay too large still. But luckily blocks weren't full yet and they had time to do a shitload of hard work to improve Bitcoin technologically and they now believe that together with some future enhancements (some of which SW enables) they can now safely go to 1.75MB.
The danger that some populist persuades "the market" to commit suicide without realizing until its too late. Yeah that's the single biggest danger I saw when I stepped into Bitcoin. The tech looked awesome, the people behind the tech looked awesome. But what happens when some quacks come around and promise people more and people follow... mobs can be so unbelievably gullible.
Capicity planning means thinking about smart ways to increase capacity safely. It doesn't mean just blindly turn a dial. And precisely because there is $7B at stake, we have to do it in a scientific way, thinking, modeling, experimenting, keeping values on the safe side, testing, proving and only then roll it out.
He fucked up flight XT already...
No you let the only group of people in the world capable of doing this stuff do their stuff and you verify that nothing goes wrong. They are working as hard and fast as they or anyone can and they are going in the right direction: more robust Bitcoin and bigger scale. If something is impossible there is no point in demanding it anyway. There is not much you can do to speed it up, except stop trolling.
&gt; Bitcoin is supposed to be an irreversible payment system. And the Blockchain + Proof of Work was invented to make it so. If you don't use the blockchain, which you don't if you do 0conf, then the above statement doesn't hold. Also: RBF breaks nothing that wasn't already broken, saying otherwise is FUD. And this implementation of RBF is opt-in, so people have a choice. And RBF actually solves a problem that people have a lot: stuck transactions. Stuck transactions do not make for a good first impression for people new to Bitcoin.
I was responding to the analogy you made, which funnily enough made the perfect case against your argument. So no, I wasn't responding to the excellent expert opinion that was in the article.
I guarantee you it will not be yawner no-op. It will be the end of Bitcoin. Noone is ever going to trust a "digital gold" that just changes the rules whenever half of the sheep start following some populist du jour.
Lucky guy in that seat 47H then.
Of course it has to do with stuck transactions. They've been happening for 3+ years now and no matter what happens, they will become more frequent. No, there are actually not a whole lot of ways to solve that problem. As with everything in Bitcoin, most simple answer you can come up with don't work for some intricate reason. RBF and CPFP can work, if miners accept them. &gt; taking days Nice hyperbole... I don't think the 0.25MB difference between the roadmap and hostile takeover is going to make that much difference. I don't have an agenda, I want Bitcoin to succeed long term. The only people in the world that can handle that right now are the Core people. And no, I don't have anything to do with Core.
Core is not a centralized power structure. You are free to hire your own experts and have them introduce BIPS. No they will not take suggestions from idiots, you do need experts. If you don't require influence you can simply verify what they're doing through the normal open source means. To make that process easier and smoother, they are also working hard on making the development process itself democratic, whereby anyone can introduce new features and the market can decide which ones they like simply by using those and not using the ones they don't like. Without having to do community splitting, market trashing, mob rule hard forks for every little step.
There's an active dev mailing list for lightning.
I just explained it. Just changing some constants is not enough. Litecoin is not only a joke in itself, it also proves nothing as the value is practically zero (no incentive to attack) and the transaction numbers are non-existant too.
Anything with not a near 100% consensus among all economic parties (miners, exchanges, merchants, full nodes)
You are about to destroy Bitcoin by claiming to be able to single handedly run the whole forked community with the experience of contributing exactly NOTHING to the Bitcoin project. You have never shown to understand consensus code at all, quite the opposite actually. You are deliberately undercutting Core's timelines just to get your own shit through. Using a highly contentious hard fork no less. In one and a half months with currently not a line of code written. And for what? For a 0.25MB extra size? Even if the risk is small. You cannot deny that a hard fork is a risk. And you risk ruining everything for 0.25MB of block size. Sickening!
&gt; Doubling coins will not double the market cap. No of course not. But those that get doubled stand to gain over those that don't. How about not increasing the 21M yet, but simply taking away all the coins from Satoshi and other early miners that never moved them? Re-issue those coins. Slippery slope eh? &gt; The fallout from a simple 2MB block size increase will be literally nothing. It will mean the only experienced developers in the entire world will leave. How about that for fall out? You think the pace of change of the last few years can be maintained by one failed altcoin dev with literally ZERO experience and burnt out Gavin?
Adam didn't put that into a BIP for a reason.
They're talking about triggering on March 1 with 60% or less majority. Less than one and a half months with not a single line of code written yet. And the community is going to trust one single developer with ZERO experience in contributing anything to Bitcoin and a burnt out Gavin, to do this job + the job of the many contributors that will be leaving for different projects after that shit hits the fan? Someone needs a big dose of reality.
&gt; Re-issuing Satoshi's coins would also never be voted by a majority, because it would imply that anyone's dormant balances can be stolen in the future. How come you have such trust in ignorant sheep but not in experts that have proven track records that they know what they are talking about? &gt; First, the pace of change over the last year has been nothing Now you are just being an asshole. Do you seriously think the block size is the only thing that has happened in the past years? Are you really that blind? The fact that Bitcoin can barely run with 1MB right now is completely 100% thanks to the improvements Core has made! &gt; months ago Oh geez.. months eh? Yeah we can't ignore wishful thinking for months now can we. Step aside mathematics! Wishful thinking idiots want the impossible so we can't let them wait. What is that? Experts came up with an actual solution? No too late... we're going to destroy Bitcoin with a hard fork now because we had to wait for our pony for more than a month. And we're kicking out the only developers in the world that can do this work. Doesn't matter, we'll make up some FUD to justify it. &gt; The other developers won't leave either. I'd bet many have large stashes of coins and a vested interest in the whole system. If any of them actually throw a hissy-fit and stomp away after their version has been forked away from, I don't know if they're in this for the right reason. Why would they keep working for free for assholes that don't listen to reason anyway. Certainly not for a few coins they have stashed... the can just dump those. Anyway, there's only wishful thinking in your posts, not a single line of logical reason. So there's no point in going on.
My impression changes minute to minute... I'm getting a lot more appreciation for the central bankers that refuse to listen to politicians and firmly keep their own course. I still hope Bitcoin can one day replace them, but it's obvious it's important to have stability in a currency. Not so much price stability but stability and predictability in the underlying rules.
Classic devs are not even qualified to do any dev work on bitcoin so you can be sure they won't have control. It will turn into a bug ridden disaster. Even if there was one wizard among them (and there isn't) that's not enough to do proper peer review. And if you want examples of an economic majorities fucking themselves, history is littered with their corpses. Besides the bar is a lot higher: also the economic minority should not be fucked as that is a precedent where next time you are the minority so there is 0 reason to trust the whole thing. Sure way to oust anyone with a brain.
You better not believe the nonsense about coexistance. That will last extremely sorry and will be nothing short of a bloody war where everyone loses and outsiders will shy away from ever investing in for decades.
