Instead of playing our football on campus like normal, we drive over an hour away to the point where our rival is closer to the game than we are.
Ah yes the e39 (luxury line?) wheels. My dad has the same ones.
Some people (myself included) do not like the idea of someone else (or machine) washing their car.
M logos on wheels and steering wheel are part of the M sport package, most people would say those are fine. The big M badge on the grill is something else because it only comes on actual M cars.
hahahahah
&gt; Virginia at UCLA 12:30 p.m. PT FOX Whoh what?!? Huge surprise, thought for sure this was going to be the 10:30pm EST ESPN game. On one hand, we get Gus Johnson week 1 so HELL YEAH. On the other hand, was looking forward to UVA having to play at 10:30pm local time to counter us having to play at 9am local time last year.
&gt; Thurs. Oct. 22 CALIFORNIA at UCLA 6 p.m. PT ESPN ESPN will be lucky to get 50% attendance at the Rose Bowl. 6pm on a weekday in LA? Good luck...
I don't see what the big deal is?
Oh I thought it was due to the late-night (relatively speaking) kickoff time.
&gt; so I went and got the keys from her unlocked drivers side Your mom keeps her car keys in the car?
Username checks out
I don't think Disney has a spare Gameday desk not to mention all the talent just hanging around in Burbank.
Ah good point.
Notre Dame to UCLA
Is that a thing? I've just always spelled it "whoh", but "whoa" doesn't look weird to me either.
Only two SEC games for ESPN gameday? Yeah ok....
Yes. Which is ironic because the man who is tasked with teaching him said mental game came to us from you guys.
DB is completely different because we have 5 returning starters for 4 spots, and an extremely stacked two-deep that Willis never cracked. I'm not worried or surprised by Priest's departure.
Waze, wAze, waZe, wazE, WAZE! Sorry, I just really like Waze.
Beautiful color combo, and its a manual to boot. Only real negative I see is no iDrive.
This is very, very cool. Thanks for sharing.
[Matt Barkeley walks into a Barr...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gv3Q2FAqcdw) I also really enjoy how the band's live tune syncs up to the "drop" right as the hit happens in the first FOX replay. Bonus: Gus Johnson screaming
It's gonna suck pretty bad for us west coast folk too. 1pm kickoff and 5pm kickoff on a workday?
That's just damn impressive
So a BUTT ran around without a shirt... seems normal enough to me.
I believe the equipment managers still do this (the cross-town flag football game during Beat SC week, not the equipment stealing).
I'm confused. You don't have any West Virginia flair.
Post title seems to imply that just device between city and east bay will be suspended, but linked article says system-wide suspension.
Weird. I would have guessed they were high on something else.
ABC*, but you're still right
+1 Capital One 360 for savings. Brick and mortar banks such as Chase and BoA give you &lt; 1/100 of ONE PERCENT interest of savings. Why anyone would have a savings account there vs. and online bank like Capital One is beyond me.
lol bars in westwood. good one.
So you take 101 -&gt; 237 -&gt; 880 North instead of taking dumbarton? That's a lot of miles...
I'm convinced 880 South -&gt; 237 West is why my company has work from home
ah what the hell
Or that 6heismans guy
Does STANFORD-OREGON in 2012 count?
Can we please ban all links to bruinsnation [dot] com on r/cfb?
1M only because it's much more rare and they aren't making any more.
Do they offer coding aside from the products on their website? I'm interested in getting mirror folding coded.
What do they ship you and what was the cost?
Which is hilarious, because any developer who cares about lightweight performance uses Google Docs instead of Microsoft Office.
Exactly. I'm saying the excuse for 'older' people who use Windows machines and then mostly use their computer for Excel is hilarious because it's not like developers who use macs don't need spreadsheets too, they just use Google Docs.
&gt; Tough one. SF. Is so appealing, but the recent tech boom has honestly changed the city for the worse and the costs in SF have made it quite unaffordable and crowded. Your budget would not work as well in SF as it might in other parts of the Bay Area as suggested, such as Albany or SR. &gt; Normally for one of these "where should I live in the Bay" posts I would agree with you and heavily promote the south bay (born and raised), but I wouldn't wish commuting from the South Bay to Marin County on my worst enemy.
this. no amount of cool nightlife is worth it if you're spending whatever free time you do have commuting.
UCLA is notorious for having 24-hour parking that expires at 7am. So you see a lot of people at 6:55am in line to renew their parking pass.
2 things: 1. try socalbmw.com instead of going through individual dealership online inventories. It aggregates all the results from all socal dealerships for you :) 2. Have you considered custom ordering a brand new car from Munich (yes, I know the 1 series isn't made anymore, but the M235i is a fun little guy that is closer to an e46 replacement than any F30 today)? If you lease, you'd probably end up with a very similar monthly payment as a 4-yr old CPO, and full service and warranty as well! Feel free to PM me if you have any questions about custom ordering or leasing.
long term argument is valid. good luck with your search!
Those rims look sweet with the white car and black accents. Are those CF mirror caps from BMW or aftermarket?
+1 backing in, +1 end spot. This guy's ok in my book.
Are you not entertained?
I love how these early morning threads never have any Pac12 responses in the first 100 posts because we're all still sleeping.
Yeah
Ok. Switching from source being phone number to iCloud email is a COMPLETELY different scenario, and your recipients getting annoyed is now much more understandable. Your original post does not imply this at all, so that's why people were giving you flack. I suggest checking your iMessage settings and deleting all source accounts except for your phone number, then power cycle iMessage and see how it works the next time.
So that r/cfb has a ten offseasons to talk about it
tOSU, Bama, Penn State, TCU
My car has a twin turbo. That's more "efficient" than two extra cylinders so as far as I'm concerned I have an "efficient" car and thus have no problem parking in the "efficient and clean air" spots.
Then I thank you for not being like the others.
Because 65 is an arbitrary number. The safest speed is the speed of traffic. RELATIVE speed differences between cars is what causes accidents and traffic jams. So if everyone is going 85 and you are going 65, you are the one causing a risk of accident and definitely creating a backup behind you.
my hero
http://www.german-way.com/travel-and-tourism/driving-in-europe/driving/autobahn/driving-on-the-autobahn/ Mostly rules 1, 3, and 7. Driving in Germany completely changed my perspective on traffic laws and ever since I came back and now know how it SHOULD be done, driving here infuriates me.
I would assume Facebook has some cameras pointed onto the street. Having a HQ so close to EPA, I sure as hell would with that much money...
The refreshes on the m3 are all cosmetic and will trickle down to the m4 as well. The F80 did NOT have it's LCI like the F30 did, which makes sense considering it's 2 years old.
SEC would send 4 teams to the CFP because they only schedule cupcake home games out of conference AND have 4 OOC games, so they would all go 8-4.
that's the joke
I'm assuming this is a joke but I dunno how DG fares over there. In California DG is top-tier no doubt, but I'm guessing it's different out east.
oh wow. yeah for us top tier was DG and Alpha Phi
It's not about Richard being a non-majority holder, but about the # of board seats. There are 5: Richard, Erlich, Monica (reviga), and 2 for Russ. When Reviga bought out Russ's seats at the end of S2, they thus had 3/5 seats and could out-vote Richard and Erlich.
I didn't ask for his source because what he said made sense intuitively to me. You just saying 'he is wrong' is not intuitive. The manual saying the car should always be jumpstarted from the front seems reasonable. Thank you.
The offensive line.
I don't know the answer to that. I agree it's dumb if true.
100% cultural. Which brings me back to my original point. The driving CULTURE here is the issue, not the laws, or even the drivers themselves.
I've never touched the surface. Maybe scratches was the wrong word and I meant, "long narrow streaks" from who knows what.
I saw UCLA flair, and the word "arrested" in the titled and panicked. Don't scare me like that OP!
Oregon vs. Cal @ Levi's Stadium last year. Wild shootout, think it was like 45-42 at halftime.
Hundley is the obvious choice, so I'm going to go with Barr or Kendricks.
OP, that's a weird way to write "Open thread to bash Mark May"
Yeah you're completely right. We all may joke about how weddings on Saturdays in the fall shouldn't be scheduled and stuff, but you'd seriously be a horrible person for skipping the wedding of someone you love.
I'm guessing you're not a programmer. So I'll just say this: be very careful to not just assume someone who knows any programming knows all the ins and outs of software. More importantly though, software engineering is NOT the same as IT. I'm a software engineer and at my company when your computer "breaks" (very vague I know), you don't fix it yourself, you take it to IT.
Is gas-mileage your primary concern? Do you care about performance or handling? How much utility do you need, in term of passengers, cargo, AWD, etc.? What's your monthly budget, and how many miles do you drive per month?
ah nvm
Just sitting here waiting for an ASU flair to comment on the grammar.
If you haven't caught "Snoop and Son" on ESPN I highly recommend it (no pun intended). Completely changed my perception of Snoop, he seems like a great father, certainly as good as possible given his celebrity status and attention.
wow that's like the definition of "too far"
Where was there any violence in the Mora/Ulbrich episode?
only if he's brown
Yeah. Biggest difference here is that Snoop's son is actually a really good football player.
Rick Neuheisal recruited Combs, not Jim Mora
yep, exactly
the 2 series is beautiful at a great price HOW DARE YOU
that sounds uhh extremely unsafe not to mention reckless and endangering others on the road
oh shit /u/Honestly_ you're Persian too? I can't hate your flair anymore.
I love seeing Silicon Valley references in other subs.
Black only looks good when done right and OEM (aka F80/F82 437M's). IMO the black looks really bad here, definitely silver.
god damn you cause you're right, have an upvote
&gt; has huddled and decided This is what happens when a non-sports entity tries to write about sports
&gt; Celebrities are not supposed to be above the law. This
This isn't new, Rick told this story publicly even back when he was still the coach. Hell, I remember seeing him tour recruits on campus all the time. Never saw Mora do that.
You have a lot of money.
not sure if north or south rankings are more of a head-scratcher
How is that a Diddy joke?
yikes that's rough. I wouldn't wish that on my biggest enemy^oh^wait
whoh easy up there fellow bruin. We have as much chance of getting 1st place as we do getting 5th. Same with every other team except the Buffs (sorry guys :/). And Rosen hasn't proven anything yet.
Laurels are also the cheapest, mostly because they have the least "amenities" if you care. e.g. Tile countertops, no stainless still, white walls, etc.
ITT: my team goes undefeated and wins the national championship while shutting out my rival
Beautiful Sakhir Orange F80 ruined by some tacky mf
No, U.S. customers doing ED still are ordering US spec cars.
Saw this about 6 hours ago on 84 by Livermore
Doesn't matter if he can't make it from 51
Congrats. Getting your dream car with your own money is a fantastic feeling.
If you're getting a CS degree, what's the point of another major?
My entire work email is acronyms. Let me have this one moment of fully-expanded words.
There are no bars open at 6am here :/
If you get someone's cable login (like your parents), you get 80% of the games right there (ESPN*, FOX/FS1, P12, ...). Add an antenna for OTA games and you're at 95% with the only games missing being obscure like CBSSN and NBCSN.
As an Adidas school, Nike plz come to us we have money I think.
Ok no I agree those ones were actually awesome.
Solution: DVR gameday. Then you can skip through commercial and Rinaldi sob stories, pause to watch 9am games, and come back at halftime to finish.
No worries, to be fair we are in a thread about watching CFB while cutting the cord so your point is certainly valid.
Don't know if LA -&gt; The Bay counts (same state out here, but same distance is like 4 states apart in the east), but if so then I always try and at least go to the UCLA @ Cal/Stanford game in addition to 1 game at the rose bowl.
&gt; What do i need to know about stanford? What is their 2015 season looking like? They somehow always beat us in recent memory, so their 2015 season is looking like beating UCLA again.
Wrong Henry Samueli School of Engineering, but otherwise nice F82!
He will because winning a Natty is cake compared to getting P Diddy thrown in jail. He won't because Bill Synder placed a curse on him because he is a wizard.
There was one at Bimmerfest a month back, maybe the same one?
You still have one semifinal conflicting with people going out on east coast, and people still at work west coast. Plus then one team gets an extra day to prepare for the NC.
Uh... The Rose bowl is nowhere close to "just like any of the other bowls".
The playoff had Jan 2, a Saturday (which is CFB day) and it didn't want to budge from its "NY6" concept. That's not the Rose Bowl's fault.
Yeah in the last 48 hours
Source?
That was incredibly annoying and rude towards not only McCaffery but also Maria Taylor. Do players not have security for post game interviews they way coaches do? And more importantly, who was this guy if we was allowed on the field? It should be easy to determine since the Rose Bowl does not allow fans to rush the field (from personal experience).
Too easy
Miami already has
Because he likes gumbo /s
No, bmw would never make wheels that look like that.
I feel the opposite. I'd be shocked if he's still our HC come Tuesday morning.
Friendly reminder that UCLA plays at Texas A&amp;M week 1.
I hope you like runs up the middle on 1st down!
Colorado and Texas are both in one of the Conference footprints
That's because the Big10 is almost exclusively cold-weather territory and bowl games are almost always in warm winter destinations.
Doesn't southwest still have that free TV sponsored by Dish?
I believe the common "right" train of thought is to never put any money down on a lease. Personally, I have only done $0 down leases.
Just please drive carefully up 130 at night.
For leasing a 2016 X6, couple words of advice: 1. Don't put money down on a lease. Ever. 2. 10k down on a 84k car with a monthly of $967... that's an awful deal. With $0 down the monthly payment should be ~1% of the MSRP.
Yeah, Oregon ended up blowing FSU last year in a game that was close at half just like Clemson-Oklahoma this year, and that game blew this game out the water when it comes to ratings.
I was at the Coliseum for Washington @ USC this year. If I had known that was going to be Sark's last game... oh man.
&gt; What am I doing wrong here? You're doing your math with MSRP as the selling price. Which will have your salesman taking his wife out to a nice steak dinner tonight... and the next 30 nights. For selling price you should work invoice UP, not MSRP down. Unless you're trying to lease an M2 within the first year it exists, invoice + $500-$1000 BEFORE incentives is a great deal.
Ah
We get it, you guys won.
Edmunds.com, or better yet the actual BMW pricing guide
I've always wanted to go to Laguna Seca. What were the costs involved?
9 conference games? Now we're talking!
1. Clemson/Bama 2. Stanford 3. Ohio State 4. Bama/Clemson ...
National Championship game last year wasn't a blowout, and wasn't TCU ranked #2 in the final AP poll?
What bars are you going to?!?
The retention bonuses are chump change in the grand scheme of things for a financial entity the size of UCLA Athletics. Means nothing in terms of their future here. IMO 80% Mazzone is gone, but we might not hear about it for awhile because Mora is probably hoping A&amp;M or somewhere takes him so they can say he "moved on" vs. "fired".
Source?
Awesome, thanks for the insight! One last question, do you mind if I ask what company you used for track insurance?
Found the Seahawks fan
&gt; Scapegoating the coordinator never helped anyone but the head coach who buys himself another year or two. Bob Stoops would like a word.
What do you mean Nebraska isn't a big win?!?
Yes I agree with that. But I also don't think speeding is nearly as big of a problem as inattentive and otherwise less-skilled drivers are. I've driven in Europe where they have no speed limits and I felt more safe driving 150 mph in Germany than I do driving 80 mph here. And the difference is the drivers around me. We simply give out drivers licenses way too easily, and the result is a ton of people driving who really shouldn't be. If you can't handle an zipper merge into 80 mph traffic starting at 0 mph, you shouldn't be driving here.
Golfing in rain is awesome if you have the right gear.
Hmm, is that a Louisiana-specific thing? I've never heard of something like that to be honest.
brb, booking a flight to Louisiana
See? That seems absurd to me. Why even call those six other teams conference foes? That's basically just an OOC game at that point. "...oh and they last played in 2008, and 2002 before that..."
Who said they "demanded" to be part of the Playoff? The CFP asked the Rose Bowl if they wanted to be part of Playoff, they said yes. The CFP asked if they would move off NYD, they said no. CFP kept them in the playoff. Was that a mistake by the CFP? Probably. But as they've shown us, they think they can change the tradition of NYE which is stupid. So they let the Rose Bowl be. The Rose Bowl probably doesn't give a damn if it's part of the playoff or not, they're still The Rose Bowl.
Yeah just like a "well-informed member of a UCLA site said last week that Mora to the Dolphins was a done deal.
Why is there a homer call for Clemson but not for Alabama? Because of the SEC film room thing?
It's just a bizzare concept to someone born and raised in California. Over here it's 21 or gtfo
I get paid bi-weekly too. For monthly budgeting: monthly income = paycheck * 26 / 12
I've traveled plenty haha. Just tend to go out of country instead of out of state. Also, in case you ever come out here, don't call it "Cali" :).
Where in the world did you find a 1 bedroom for $1395 anywhere near North San Jose?!?
&gt; I think a lot of people just get tired from the weekday commute and don't want to spend another two hours on the road if they don't absolutely have to. This is exactly what I try and tell every single person who comes and posts on this sub every week saying "Moving for job in South Bay, but I insist on living in SF".
This is a terrible argument, that team should not have been ranked #1. The depth was way too shallow so a couple injuries and their season would spiral out of control, that was obvious from the preseason.
Wait really? No duck bros... you can do so much better.
yasssssssssss
Interesting, I didn't know that. Thanks for the insight!
No thanks
San Francisco becoming the basketball capital of the world? Yeah ok Bill...
Not our fault you go to bed at 10pm
So sorry to hear this. RIP.
Have you never played Bill Walton bingo?
&gt; BUT YOU WILL KICK THE SNOW OFF YOUR SHOES WHEN YOU GET INSIDE GOD DAMN IT DID WE JUST BECOME BEST FRIENDS?!?
Quite the opposite actually.
To each his own. The way I drive my car, no drink has a chance :).
I don't really follow recruiting (I didn't know who Mique Juarez was until today), so someone else can probably answer this better than I can.
[FLIGHT TRACKING COMMENCE](http://flightaware.com/live/findflight/KCLL/KLAX)
You're comparing Neuheisal years to Mora years though... It's not really a fair comparison.
No. It's fake because no coach would fly to interview for another job 72 hours before the national championship game.
If he knew you were talking to the other guy, just tell him the other guy had the car on the lot and he did not, that's it.
&gt; Between my wife and I, we make approximately between $3,800 to $4,000 a month. Before or after tax? If before, there's your answer. &gt; I was hoping someone would give me some advice, some recommendations on even apps I can use to have a better control of what I spend and cannot spend, something to open my eyes and give me a clear view of what we need to change. Mint.com
Even the late game started at 5pm here. Not everyone was home from work by then.
Also applies to early New Year's Eve when most of that demographic is still at work. 1pm kickoff on a workday for a national semifinal, you kidding me ?!?
If you don't like the lower tier bowl games then don't watch them. Some of us do.
No. More viewers is good for ESPN. The CFP organizers don't care except to negotiate the next deal.
&gt; The Rose Bowl pretends like it's never ever been on anything other than New Years Day in the late afternoon. Aside from the Sunday exception (see below), it has moved twice IIRC, both for BCSNG. &gt; Except it has been quite often since the inception of the BCS and it's on January 2nd many years (like next year) because they bend to the NFL when New Years Day falls on Sunday. The Sundays have nothing to do with NFL, since the Rose Bowl predates the NFL by many many years. It's Sunday because of church bells disturbing the horses in the Rose Parade, and also because when NYD is on Sunday, Monday is a federal holiday.
&gt; add an extra 30 minutes On ESPN? Dude add like 2 hours.
Don't go to espn then, go to watchespn.
I prefer "esquire" myself
The Rose Bowl is at 2pm pacific time. Sugar can't be at 11, you can't have a game kick off at 10pm local time. More realistically, since ESPN has the rights to both the Rose Bowl and the CFP, technically they could put the Rose Bowl on ABC and the CFP on ESPN at the same time, but I assume one if not both has an exclusivity clause. That and you're dividing ratings.
Here, quick refresher: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pcygmUV-pNQ Bonus: Brent Musberger in here
