Well, technically speaking, we always knew other Gems EXISTED. But we didn't actually find another one until Lapis, which takes place after So Many Birthdays. Following that, we don't see any other non-CGs until Peridot at the end of Warp Tour.
I thought it was more long the lines of a group of people discovered the comet and used it to create the Mushroom Bomb, essentially turning the Lich into the payload.
Personally, I still think the best Steven face is [this very strangely-animated one from Marble Madness.](http://i.imgur.com/ohsy8xd.jpg)
[The fluid the Flask Robonoids spray onto the warp pad](http://i.imgur.com/KBSN835.jpg) appears to be a thick, blue-white substance with little flakes of SOMETHING inside - perhaps tiny gem shards to bind to the warp. Honestly, I think it looks a bit like toothpaste. Additionally, it sticks to Peridot's foot like gum when she crushes the broken Robonoid. In Marble Madness, the [Plug Robonoids are filled with a similar substance,](http://i.imgur.com/vCMAYuE.jpg) ~~though it lacks the flakes of the Plug Robonoid fluid.~~ Edit: a later segment of Marble Madness has them destroy another Plug Robonoid, [and it DOES in fact have the gem flakes in its fluid.](http://i.imgur.com/maMtrms.jpg) [The fluid in Joy Ride](http://i.imgur.com/MoW2xz0.jpg) has a more water-like consistency and it's clearer, but it does share the small flakes that can be found in the Robonoid fluid.
Underneath his robe, the Ice King is one of the thinnest characters in the show - you can see the outline of his bones under his skin, and he has little to no muscle. I don't think he's dying, I think he's just blissfully unaware that he isn't actually fat.
&gt;she knows [SHE IS!](http://i.imgur.com/PhomH6w.jpg) [](#su-sneeple)
He's being sarcastic. It's not positivity, it's just pretending to be while iced with bitter resentment.
&gt;The people who made this aren't the fucking people who do all that other stuff people want. It shouldn't be hard to understand that the artists aren't the ones doing the code, and that the balance designers aren't the ones drawing these portraits. We know that. **They all still operate on the same budget, and it's up to the lead designers to decide what does and does not get priority.** Even if two features are unrelated like hero skins and balance changes, priorities exist that involve both. We're not saying the artists should get down and do some coding; we're saying fucking manage the game properly and fix what needs to be fixed before adding in bullshit like $10 hero skins. If the $10 skin is so easy to implement, it shouldn't cost $10. If it isn't, why are you pushing it over refining the game's systems? If my game's ladder system is horrendous and instead of saying "I'll fix it" I say nothing and release cosmetics, people have every right to get pissed with me.
PRINCESS! I dunno what a dillweed is.
He's not a god, he didn't will these things to happen. Remember Jake's croak dream? Remember how *Finn wasn't in it?* Well it came true, and not because Finn willed it to. Because Finn wasn't in the dream, which means he had no influence over the event it represented. Finn has power (A LOT of power), but he's not a god. He just has trouble accepting the randomness and coincidence of the universe. If Finn were this semi-omnipotent being, then all life on Earth would have been wiped out long ago. Why? Because then that'd mean the Lich (another Comet being) was also a semi-omnipotent being, and he would have simply willed all life out of existence. Billy would not have been able to beat the Lich, which happened before Finn was even born. And we know Billy isn't one of Finn's past lives because the two were alive at the same time.
&gt;the comet basically said Finn was its creator. No, Finn said, "Probably not." and the comet said, "Probably not, but who knows?" That tells you nothing.
You turned her into Umbra!?
* Animated Hero Portrait. It's gold by default so you're not even buying a static + animated, just the animated. * 27 voice lines (12 of which won't be heard regularly because they're error lines) * New Hero Power Animation * Card Back That's all you're getting for $10. And most people probably won't even use the card back because there is no easy way to switch card backs on a game-to-game basis like a randomize option. Remove the card back and that's like a $3-5 value AT MOST, at least to me. I'd happily pay $20 for all 9 alt heroes and no card backs, not $10 for ONE.
All it takes is a fucking scroll bar to add new deck slots. It's not complicated.
**So Many Birthdays** Amethyst, you're disgusting. Although this does show an interesting point about Gem biology: they don't need to eat, but if they do, they can get sick from rotten food. They can't die from it, of course, but the mere fact that they can get food poisoning is interesting. Their bodies are vulnerable to bacteria. Also, this episode contains the best exchange in the entire series up to this point: [](#su-stevenjoke): Why did Pearl throw butter out the window? [](#su-amethyst): You did what...? [](#su-stevenjoke): To see a butterfly! [](#su-pearlupset): I never did that! Steven... are you telling lies? I'd talk about Steven's aging powers, but people have already talked that subject to death ever since this episode premiered. All in all it's an interesting episode with good moments, but not my favorite. --- **Lars and the Cool Kids** Pearl once again demonstrates a woeful misunderstanding of humans. You'd think that after Greg climbed their giant fence (complete with KEEP OUT sign) in search of Rose, she's learn that something as simple as police tape won't keep inquisitive humans out. I remember when I first saw this episode, I was expecting all three of the Cool Kids to be complete dicks. Imagine my surprise when they didn't conform to stereotype and turned out to be genuinely nice people, if a bit irresponsible. As for Lars... just shut up Lars. I understand where you're coming from but seriously, stop trying, just shut up and be yourself. Take five, lean back, breathe, experience the world, and move on. Also, rewatching this episode made me realize how big of a theme home is in the series. Even something as simple as the moss has a home that it wants to return to. Some characters have abandoned their home, some wanted to return and found it wasn't how they left it, some work in service of their home, some never had a real home, and so on. --- **Onion Trade** *Estuans interius* *Ira vehementi* *Estuans interius* *Ira vehementi* ***ONION!*** ***ONION!*** That is all. --- **Steven the Sword Fighter** [Cutest Steven face ever?](http://i.imgur.com/n79In8V.jpg) I love how much Pearl hams it up when she begins fighting herself. Also, note to self: eating magical clouds grants the power of flight. Though I honestly wish Amethyst had kept the cloud; it would have been awesome to have [what is effectively a Flying Nimbus](http://i.imgur.com/z2BgX0G.jpg) around. Given how much Pearl can do with her gem from storage to holographic projection, I have to wonder if other Gems can do similar things or if this ability is unique to Gems like Pearl. I think it's safe to assume that most Gems have a pocket dimension like Pearl's and Lion's, but beyond that, we don't know. --- Overall, compared to previous rewatch weeks, we learn a lot. In terms of side characters we learn about Lars, Onion, Sour Cream, Buck, and Jenny. In terms of the main characters, we learn a bit more about Steven's powers, as well as the (lack of) aging of Gems and their regenerative abilities. We also learn a bit about Pearl's skill set, Rose's compassion, and have our first real glimpse into how Steven feels about his mother. However, it never feels too heavy or overbearing, and flows naturally to make it feel like very light worldbuilding.
Basically people are saying Finn's a cosmic deity because they misunderstood the episode. Finn asserting "I did that" isn't him stating that he's a cosmic deity - it's him refusing to accept that existence is a random series of events that can be predicted and influenced but not willed. When Jake mentions his "croak dream" (which wasn't really a croak dream but rather a representation of what would happen) he explicitly points out that *Finn wasn't in it.* Jake goes out of his way to mention, "it must be destined to happen again, when you're not around." Finn had no influence on Banana Man rescuing Jake. Him claiming that he did it is a 16-year-old thinking he has more influence in the universe than he actually does. Finn does have power, but he's not a god.
But Greg and Connie do it too... ...OH MY GOD [](#su-sneeple)
To be fair, Stevonnie's clothes change with whatever Connie's wearing, and she changes outfits daily. It suddenly occurs to me that Connie is one of the few characters on this show that actually had a dynamic outfit.
Alternatively you could have Pearl and Amethyst singing [The Internet is for Porn](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c-glb-_heEg)
This raises a thought: could they fuse and Connie would live forever alongside Steven?
Connie's mom and dad *are* about as tall as Greg, but I don't think Connie can compete with the genetics of an eight-foot tall polymorphic space rock alien.
Can someone draw Steven Tag versions of Lapis, Jasper, and Peridot? [For those who don't know what I mean.](http://i.imgur.com/0niMzuQ.png)
Amethyst and Garnet also act like she can in Keep Beach City Weird!, where they explain Steven Tag to Pearl. [](#su-stamethyst): "Steven tagged you, now you have to turn into Steven!" [](#su-stgarnet): "It's the rules."
To those of you viewing with RES: it doesn't show all of the images, so click the link. Also: damnit Amethyst!
Just sayin', when new flairs are added one exclusive flair should be added to this bot. Something like [this](http://i.imgur.com/RWfMnxf.jpg) or [this](http://i.imgur.com/JR5CZPx.jpg).
No because we must be pedantic and TRIGGERED. They're too wrapped up in their own persecution complexes to see past the basic logic that "genderswapped" is easier to say than "masculine drawing of characters who are genderless but typically portrayed as feminine." The mere fact that people understand that a genderswapped Pearl is a masculine Pearl is evidence that they're just purposely being difficult because THEY RECOGNIZE THAT IT'S SHORTHAND. Nobody flips every time a Gem uses "her" or "she" to refer to another Gem despite them being genderless aliens. This is just morons looking for moronic things to be morons about. If the use of the term "genderswap" for this actually offends anyone, then they need to just stop. If you're offended, there's an X in the top right corner of your browser. Click it. Done. Grow up, be an adult, deal with it, nobody gives a shit that you're offended, and being offended doesn't give you any rights. Stop being fucks, people.
I've tried running it in every mode. None of them launch. I'm hoping that the patch today manages to fix this issue.
I have.
Does that clip not have audio or is it a problem specifically with me?
I hope that a redesign makes her hair actual hair instead of a block of hard light.
This is actually rather likely because one episode concerns Greg telling the story of how he learned about fusion. The name "TheOneSUChick" indicates a female voice, so I wouldn't be surprised if it was a Rose/X or Garnet/Pearl fusion. Alternatively, it could be related to the "dark secret" they find in Kindergarten. I'm doubtful that it's Bismuth, though.
Rets got one change: a slight nerf to Mastery. Funny thing is we're already among the weakest dps of 6.2 WITHOUT that nerf.
Keeping It Together being the episode in which the CGs discover a "dark secret" in the Kindergarten. Which means you're *probably* a new Gem. Y'know what? No more speculating. [I'm ready. Let next week come.](http://i.imgur.com/aB2SCR7.gif)
&gt;cast Given that it's the same hand she's holding the sword in, it's probably just a protective bandage for her hand so the hilt doesn't damage her hand after a training session.
&gt;Why should the most complicated spec not be the highest dps? Because then everyone plays one spec and the fact that it's not a hybrid ceases to matter. It's much better to have Destro, Demo, and Aflliction all be within a few thousand DPS of one another as a tradeoff for some specs having certain mechanics over one another. You do **not** want the most complicated spec to flat out be 10% higher damage than any other spec as a pure damage. If that happens, then the other two specs might as well not even exist unless you're okay with playing a subpar spec because you enjoy it. But if that's your mindset then you're probably not a good raider because it means you're intentionally gimping everyone else to have a bit more fun on progression. It also pushes people away from the class because if they dislike the most complex playstyle, they'd rather hop to a new class than play a subpar spec. Plus, you have to compare hybrids vs. pures. All hybrids except Warriors and DKs have at most ONE melee and ONE ranged dps spec. You want them to be competitive with the pures so people will bring a Ret Pally AND a Rogue instead of two Rogues. But if complexity = damage potential, then the hybrids are artificially gimped because they naturally have fewer options for complexity because they have fewer DPS options period. You get hybrids being pigeonholed into poorly-designed talents like Empowered Seals to remain viable. Complexity directly correlating to damage potential is not healthy for the state of the game.
Well allegedly there's a user claiming to be the voice of a new character introduced in Keeping It Together and that she's contacted the mods to get an appropriate flair following the premier of Chille Tid. Do we know if she's actually telling the truth? No idea. Mods haven't said anything. But if it is the truth then we'll have at least one new character by the end of StevenBomb, and not only that, but a character associated with the "dark secret" of the Kindergarten.
It happened about day or two ago. The original thread can be found [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/stevenuniverse/comments/39nzat/where_would_someone_go_about_getting_a_verified/), and her deleted thread can be found [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/stevenuniverse/comments/39oecy/well_i_was_gonna_hold_off_a_little_bit_on_this_but/). Personally, I don't believe it either, but it's entirely possible that at the time of posting the second thread the mods hadn't replied, so they nuked it. If she was a fake, wouldn't they have also removed the original thread asking about a Crewniverse flair?
[IT'S ALMOST HERE!](http://gfycat.com/BreakableUnfortunateBittern)
True but that Stevenbomb also included a season finale and premier, IE big episodes worthy of a song. It's not out of the question but it's highly unlikely. Greg's episode is already getting a song and he's the most musically-inclined character.
I think the main driving force behind the furor is the fact that it's bubbled, which we know is a technique to prevent Gems from regenerating. I'm still firmly in the camp hoping it's either NOT Bismuth or it is Bismuth but NOT a Gem. Bismuth isn't a precious stone, it's a periodic metal. [Now if it IS Bismuth and Bismuth is an artificial Gem known as a Metal...](http://gfycat.com/BreakableUnfortunateBittern) I'll be really disappointed if Bismuth is just another Gem. They have so much potential in that little bubble.
Perhaps it'd be better if tamed dinos couldn't die from hunger, but rather got SEVERE penalties until you fed them. Like perhaps they couldn't be ridden and were reduced to 0 stamina until you fed them. That way, you'd still have to feed them upon logging on so they'd actually be useful, but you wouldn't need to log on every day or risk losing all of your dinos.
[Bismuth is part of Devo confirmed.](http://strait-jackets.net/wp-content/uploads/2013/07/devo.jpg)
We seem to have lost contact with our affiliate stations. Stand by. We do have... we do have coming in, confirmed reports of StevenBomb detonation. [My god... our soldiers were right.](http://i.imgur.com/pbxly8M.png)
I bet 500 Quadrillion Zimbabwe Dollars on Peridot getting beat up, but NOT by the Crystal Gems. ^^^^^That's ^^^^^about ^^^^^$14.29 ^^^^^USD
That wasn't Jasper. Jasper never met Rose during the war. Hence why in The Return she says "I had hoped to meet her."
Amethyst realized it immediately (rather she just assumed from minute one). Garnet realized it when they formed Stevonnie. Pearl took this long to realize it. Damn Pearl you slow.
We didn't make them, someone else did.
I think he's just posing since the Cool Kids are right there.
The question though is what happens to his mind when he regenerates? He'd better be able to meet Rose while regenerating, if only the fleeting fragments of her consciousness that remain inside the gem. I'm not really concerned about Steven's bodily regeneration capabilities; either the show will never address it or it will and he can regenerate. But if he DOES regenerate, we're certainly not going to see an episode of Garnet, Amethyst, Pearl, Greg, and Connie freaking out and waiting to see what happens. We're going to see what happens from Steven's perspective.
Well I'm not saying explicitly Rose would appear in his mind/gem dimension while he's regenerating, just simply that I hope that's how he meets Rose if he ever meets her. What I am saying is either Steven's regenerative capabilities are never addressed, or he does regenerate at some point. Because if there's ever a situation where Steven has to regenerate, he will, because you can't kill Steven. This isn't Game of Thrones. If there's ever a point where he does regenerate, I believe we'll see it from Steven's perspective inside his gem. Not only does that fit the show better in terms of how 99% of the show is from Steven's perspective, but it also makes sense because it would be a VERY strange episode if Steven gets poofed a minute in and the following 9 minutes are of Steven's family and friends dreading the fact that he may never regenerate.
I feel like, knowing Peridot is out there, the Crystal Gems would have been routinely checking the Kindergarten in a similar manner to Garnet looking for Malachite. Plus Peridot seems a bit more pragmatic than that; she'd likely contact Homeworld and make sure she can get away with it before attempting to reactivate Kindergarten. The Gems would find out and she'd be dead without back-up. Best not to anger the Earth's guardians any further while you're out of advanced tech and are HIGHLY vulnerable. Furthermore, while Kindergarten being reactivated isn't **good** by any means (for Earth, at least), it's not really a "dark secret." Now a dark secret would be something like, "The Kindergarten doesn't actually create Gems, but rather it stabilizes them. New Gems have been being born for millenia, but as the Kindergarten is inactive, they've all become instantly corrupted. If they reactivate the Kindergarten, the planet will be consumed of resources. If they don't, it will be overrun by corrupted Gem monsters." My personal theory is it's certainly something to do with how the Kindergarten functions. Either it doesn't do what we think it does, it does what we think it does but in a far more sinister way, or it's powered at the core by a Gem who has been alive and trapped for thousands of years. Imagine if, rather than create new Gems, it took old Gems and "killed" them, effectively splitting them into shards that were formed into new Gems. So one old Gem became ten new Gems, but at a great cost. That'd be pretty sinister.
Well we don't actually know how much of Rose is 'left' within Steven, exactly. Everything a Gem *is* is contained in their gem, and Steven has Rose's. We also know Gems are still fully conscious whilst inside their gem. She gave up her life to become part of him, but Steven has never explored his gem much beyond summoning his bubble and shield, both of which are still very much Rose's. We simply don't know how much of Rose still resides within that gem and how much disappeared when she made Steven. One possibility is that she's fully alive and essentially became a part of Steven's soul, intrinsically linked with Steven so that she can see glimpses of what he sees, but she can't hear his thoughts. He's his own person, but he's the mirror or temple or whatever and Rose is the Gem powering it. That's basically Pearl's pet theory. ("Sometimes, I wonder if she can see me through your eyes.") Another possibility is she gave herself up completely and all that remains are a few remnants she purposely left in the event Steven ever explored inside his gem.
Fuck that, all my shit's gone!
Peridot can do SO MUCH. She turned her fingers into a helicopter. She shocked through the whip, raising the question why she didn't do that to Amethyst before. She ran straight up a wall! It seems like Peridot's natural abilities don't lie in speed, strength, or dexterity, but rather in intelligently using her unusual traits to gain an advantage over her opponents. Also, she smiled! SHE SMILED! It was alongside maniacal laughter, but she smiled. It was actually hilarious seeing Peridot overjoyed that something had actually gone WELL for once. Another interesting note is she doesn't seem to be afraid of Steven. I'd wager it's largely in part because he's the only one who has never attacked her. It's scenes like that which prove there's more to Peridot than her supposed villainy; Steven told her the truth, and she honestly seemed prepared to carry on a casual conversation before Garnet, Amethyst, and Pearl showed up. Her experiments are surely twisted, but I'm sure there's another side to this. There always is; she said **DE-FUSION** experiments, after all. Not fusion, but de-fusion.
The thing is, I still don't get the feeling that she's THAT bad. Yes, her mission is unethical to us. However, before the Crystal Gems arrived, she wasn't making any hostile moves toward Steven. I still insist that Peridot is a [Punch Clock Villain.](http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/PunchClockVillain) Furthermore, we still don't know *what she was doing.* Hell, she said "de-fusion" experiments; for all we know, the Gem shards could have been forced together by someone else and she's been trying to get them apart. I get the feeling that her maniacal laughter was a result of her *finally* managing to get something done after potentially months of trying.
The fact that she's cut off means we don't know what she meant to reactivate. She could reactivate the Kindergarten, yes, but she could have also been meaning to reactivate something IN the Kindergarten rather than the Kindergarten itself. Remember when she speaks to Jasper, she says, "the whole point of coming here was to check on the Cluster!"
The top right one looks like Jasper's nose but in a green color...
Oh god now everyone's going to call Peridot a Nazi. [The Gem Cluster pillars were already present before she accessed the Kindergarten remotely.](http://i.imgur.com/I2yDM83.jpg) All she did was pull them out; she didn't mash the shards together. We don't know what her experiments involved, but we do know that she got enough information to abandon the Kindergarten through examining the pillars. I'm still convinced that all Peridot is guilty of at this point is following orders.
The difference is she neither buried nor fused the Gems. She's pulled them out and examined them, but frankly that's all. She hasn't really committed any atrocities as of yet. Maybe wait to see what she *actually did* before calling her a Nazi, hm?
It's entirely possible that the fusions she mentioned as "developing properly" weren't the same fusions that Garnet and Steven found. Edit: A thought just occurred. There's a theory that all corrupted gems are actually a result of this fusion experiment. If that theory holds true, the monsters are the ones who emerged early.
&gt;So far from what we know from Peridot That's very important to note because as of yet WE STILL KNOW NEXT TO NOTHING ABOUT PERIDOT. This episode didn't introduce anything really new about her personality. We learned a few of her abilities, but what we learned about her mainly focused on what she was doing, not who she is. We know more about both Jasper and Lapis than Peridot.
She did say her own name, because she's recording a log within earshot of their hiding location: &gt;Log Date 312. This is Peridot, performing Earth hub maintenance check. Steven says, "Peridot. Her name is Peridot." and the Crystal Gems all slap their hands over his mouth to get him to shut up so they're not found.
I believe she blames herself partially for being unable to find the shards, and partially for being involved in the rebellion which led to their destruction and subsequent forced fusion. It's kind-of like [survivor guilt](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Survivor_guilt).
True, but he had to include that. If he didn't, he would effectively said, "Peridot's not a bad guy!" 5+ months in advance.
Well yes but Steven isn't a *Gem* Gem. He's a civilified parthuman.
I've honestly been wondering that, myself. What is it with Gems and hands?
&gt; involves mutilating and torturing the still-sentient shards of fallen Crystal Gems. We have no fucking idea what it involves. For all we know, the experiments could result in the shards forming together into a revived Crystal Gem.
I want there to be a moment similar to what happened between Steven and Greg during The Return, but between Connie and her parents. Some new threat appears that the Crystal Gems go off and fight and Connie sees an opportunity where she's needed, but her parents forbid it as they know nothing of her training or involvement with magic. She sneaks out, helps (potentially forming Stevonnie), her parents arrive demanding answers, and she has to explain everything.
Between Pearl, Peridot, and Rose, we've got like 2 1/2 subreddit wars going on right now.
Well she claimed the large ones were hers ("You're the ones that have been destroying my Plug Robonoids!") and the smaller, broken Flask Robonoid crawled to her for assistance before she crushed it. I think it's safe to say they're hers.
If you would be so kind as to also make a flair of [this](http://i.imgur.com/gzd6Feb.jpg)... I get the feeling we have a lot of Rose flairs coming with the next update.
For me it has "Chille Tid; We Need To Talk" for the description. I have Comcast.
BREAK 'EM APART! PERIDOT WE NEED A FUCKING DESTABILIZER!
Well Steven **was** the first person to acknowledge her existence for several thousand years. Still though, I hope Lapis calms down a couple thousand pegs after she's eventually defused. The last thing we need is a Yandere Lapis running around trying to protect Steven.
Something about wide-eyed Malachite is *very* unsettling.
I was wondering about that with Steven. Rose is clearly left-handed because she wields her sword in it, but Steven only has a shield. Wouldn't it make sense to use your stronger arm if your only weapon is a shield?
I was really pondering if I should include that.
I keep seeing people say this and I have no idea what they're talking about. Could someone please enlighten me?
http://stevencrewniverse.tumblr.com/post/121989031777/mark-your-calendars-stevenbomb-3-begins-july-13 StevenBomb 3 is July 13-17th and it's titled the "Week of Sardonyx."
&gt;Yes I know that the title is orange brownish, but when was the last time that Crewniverse didn’t use titles as a diversion? Chillin Tid speaks for itself. That seems rather left-field to color the title the common color of Sardonyx only to have a green Gem appear. Also, even if Sardonyx is the green variety, Centipeetle's gem doesn't look remotely close to Sardonyx.
[Steven's already got the suit for it, though.](http://i.imgur.com/otSjL44.jpg)
Sardonyx is not directly part of the quartz category. Sardonyx is a subset of onyx. Onyx is a subset of chalcedony. Chalcedony is comprised of very fine quartz and moganite. So while they ARE technically quartz, they're very far off. Jasper's also technically quartz, as is Amethyst. But they're set apart enough that they're differentiated. Also if you go down far enough, every quartz-ish gem has "healing properties." All of that said I'm not dismissing the theory that Sardonyx is a Steven+Gem fusion, I just don't think it's for those reasons.
The "Onyx Wizard" is the Gemsona of his podcast. So everyone's been running around saying "Onyx Wizard confirmed!"
I'm not sure if the etymology sardonic is related to sardonyx. Sardonyx seems to be a combination of "sard" (a brown-red variety of chalcedony) and "onyx." Still though, it's notable.
The thing is, the "sard" of Sardonyx refers to a brown-red variety of chalcedony. According to google, Sardonyx is onyx in which white layers alternate with sard. I'm not sure if green sardonyx is actually a thing or if it's just green onyx.
Sardonyx is not a type of jasper. Sardonyx is an onyx. Onyx is parallel-layered chalcedony. Agate is chaotic-layered chalcedony. Jasper is agate, quartz, and other minerals. They're of the same family but sardonyx is not a jasper. And the more quartz a jasper contains, the farther it is from sardonyx.
Mirror Gem, Ocean Gem, and The Message. I'd also point out The Message takes place like 20 episodes after Ocean Gem. Not simply because of Lapis, but to show how this show can carry a story.
While I have faith in the Crewniverse that Sardonyx will be a well-written character, I'm hoping it isn't a new Gem. A new Gem introduces a lot of complication to a story that's already got a ticking time bomb placed over it with Malachite in Chille Tid. A new enemy Gem just seems excessive with a rogue fusion beating down the door and a pissy scientist trying to continue her work. That's almost [Two Brothers](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ziXpIPAhD4)-levels of excessive (and then a new Homeworld Gem arrived, *and that's when things got kicked into 12th gear.*) Meanwhile, a new allied Gem would have to come along AFTER Malachite. If a 100%-brand-new Gem came along and within the span of 5 episodes, that Gem helped defeat Malachite, that'd be a very deus ex machina way of dealing with her. At this point, fusion seems to be the most likely option in my opinion, especially if Sardonyx is the fusion of all the CGs and each episode leading up to a final showdown with Malachite is Steven practicing fusion with each one individually. Or they could just not deal with Malachite for 5 episodes, but that'd be *REALLY* strange considering they just established she's about to go rogue.
Just not a new Gem. So a fusion. We've already got enough enemy Gems running around with unresolved plots, and if an allied Gem were to appear and help defeat Malachite within 5 episodes, that's a bit too deus ex machina for me.
Why did he turn ambiguously brown?
Extra evidence against Peridot and Jasper fusing: 1. Peridot doesn't know where Jasper is or what she's dealing with, and she seems too preoccupied with her mission to care. 2. Jasper would first have to diffuse from Malachite and then fuse with Peridot in a VERY brief timespan. Not to mention Jasper is probably going to be captured after Malachite is split as she'll be too weak to fight back (a la Sugilite's splitting), AND Jasper will likely have lingering trauma about fusion for quite some time. 3. Jasper does not respect Peridot and Peridot does not like Jasper. Malachite's power is fueled by Lapis' and Jasper's mutual hatred, but a fusion between Peridot and Jasper would be fueled by... mild disdain? 4. Peridot and Jasper have completely different goals; Peridot wants to complete her mission (preferably with as little conflict as possible) and Jasper wants to destroy the Crystal Gems and capture Steven. Even if they somehow managed to sync enough to fuse, their fusion wouldn't be strong, and it would have two conflicting goals it's trying to accomplish. Also I don't believe Peridot has a way to contact Homeworld yet as she said she's "still stuck on miserable planet" when recording her log in Keeping It Together. It makes no sense to claim you're still stuck if you have a way to contact help. Anyway, on to your theory. Personally, I think the idea of Sardonyx being the temple Gem and being formed to combat Malachite is rather likely. I wouldn't be surprised if the "Week of Sardonyx" started with the CGs assessing that Alexandrite would be too weak to fight Malachite, and so they start properly training Steven in fusion so he'll be able to handle a fusion of so many Gems. It'd also factor in to their showcase of Rainbow Quartz in We Need To Talk. In addition to building the backstory and impact of fusion, it would also give a peek at a potential result of Steven's training. If they began his training, Rainbow Quartz would be a good starting point as he's already deeply connected with Pearl AND knows the result of their fusion. From there, they could branch into Steven+Amethyst and Steven+Garnet. Regardless of what theories end up being right, at this point it's either a brand new Gem or a fusion. I have a personal issue with it being a brand new Gem for two reasons: 1. If it's an enemy Gem, that's just excessive. We already have TWO unresolved plot points involving Homeworld Gems, and we don't need another one gallivanting around before Malachite's even been dealt with. Chille Tid put a ticking time bomb over everything the CGs do - they can't waste time with a completely new villain. 2. If it's an allied Gem, that seems coincidental to a deus ex machina degree. If an allied Gem shows up and, within 5 episodes, helps the CGs defeat Malachite, that's not exactly a good story. Especially considering viable options to beat Malachite already exist in the form of a stronger fusion and an alliance with Peridot to use her destabilizer.
We have no idea. Honestly bubbling could be a technique Rose discovered and shared among the rebels. We know Garnet, Amethyst, Pearl, Rose, and Steven can all bubble.
Well in Ocean Gem, Amethyst literally says, "All those monsters we fight used to be just like us! Right Pearl?"
Peedee had the single greatest line in Rising Tides/Crashing Skies. *camera pans to see the crab monster* "HOOOOOoooh mahgosh."
I thought the idea of Amethyst having "gone feral" before Rose and the CGs found her was the prevailing theory.
The war BEGAN somewhere in the realm of 5000-6000 years ago. "Over" 5000 years ago is when Rose decided she was going to fight for the planet and gave Pearl the option to leave. 6000 years ago is when the Kindergarten was last active. We have no metric for how long the war lasted but it can be assumed it ended long before humans rose to power on the planet. The Crystal Gems seem to be omnipresent throughout all stages of human history, and Pearl says she remembers when they used to be hunter-gatherers. The war couldn't have lasted long; at a certain point, Homeworld would have planted more Kindergartens and overwhelmed the Rebels. A long, drawn-out war would not be in favor of the Rebels, so it had to finish fast. So if we assume the last time the Kindergarten was active was when the clusters were planted and incubated (because I think the Crystal Gems would have been checking to make sure nobody arrived to do it post-war), then it took approximately 6000 years for them to reach their CURRENT state. I honestly don't think Jasper could have been shattered and healed in the span of the war.
Keep in mind it takes about 9 months to make an episode from start to finish. Anything they're recording this week won't be seen for months, which means it basically won't be seen until late S2 or S3. That being said, Sadie could easily appear some time soon. Just nothing from this recording session would be in that episode.
[Did it to her close-up.](http://imgur.com/a/rRJo4) She honestly looks adorable with her old eye design all in one color. I couldn't get the highlights quite right on her pupil-only version. But it's not that noticeable unless you look close.
I... how... what... No. No. You do NOT get a Malachite version of this. I draw the line here. [I'm done.](http://i.imgur.com/UxEDL1O.gif)
Storyboarding, animation, voice acting, music, processing, network review, potentially rendering depending on what software they use, and so on. Creating a high-quality 11-minute animation is a LOT of work.
We have no idea who Sardonyx is. There are theories which are more plausible than others. The idea that Sardonyx is the fusion depicted by the temple is plausible.
In the temple murals from Serious Steven, we see an orange/yellow Gem in front of the Sun (or some other star) and a blue Gem standing on what looks like water/wind surrounded by crystals and spires. The white Gem's powers are significantly more ambiguous but she appears to be radiating light? Wouldn't be surprised if Yellow Diamond controlled fire and Blue Diamond controlled ice, at a minimum.
I find it absolutely hilarious for this very reason.
[Peridot actually has a very slim waist if you look at her.](http://i.imgur.com/k4fLWf3.png) It's about as wide as her face. Her limbs are thicker than her waist in most spots.
I eagerly await Citrine. Just don't be a dick, Citrine. Though given that it's known as "Healing Quartz", I feel like it'll be a Steven + Garnet fusion or something.
[Here's the one that I revised to shortly after making the template.](http://i.imgur.com/H4qxz3i.png) Got a few gimme's but I'd say it's pretty good!
[Crewniverse Font v2 by MaxiGamer](http://maxigamer.deviantart.com/art/Crewniverse-Font-Version-2-now-available-540122768)
To be fair, Bloodstone seems a bit overkill. Once you've got a Eul's, you shouldn't have a big-enough mana problem to warrant a Bloodstone.
I've seen it before, but it's worth showing off again. I used your font in making my [StevenBomb Bingo template](http://i.imgur.com/GQMHFNx.png) and [card.](http://i.imgur.com/H4qxz3i.png) You did an excellent job. Thank you!
/r/stevenuniverse is leaking. And that's fine by me.
The thing is Malachite has been slowly becoming her own person ever since she was formed. Lapis isn't just fighting Jasper for control. The instant Lapis loses complete control, it's not like Jasper is going to instantly take over. When Lapis loses control, Malachite is going to be free, and both Jasper AND Lapis will be prisoners. Garnet says it herself: if their bond snaps, their anger will take over. Garnet is Ruby and Sapphire's fury, patience, love, etc.; Malachite is Lapis and Jasper's anger, hatred, vitriol, etc.
The point is if I have to burn my Equality combo on Rag before Ysera comes along, I'm *uber* fucked. BGH lets me save my very limited removal for the threats BGH can't hit.
We did. A while ago. It's just an animation error, as in the previous shot she's holding it with her fingers.
#TAIGA AISAKA. PALMTOP TIGER FIGHT! That is all.
I had a shower thought the other day about Sardonyx. What if Sardonyx is the actual name of the Gem Homeworld?
If that's true then it's kinda cool that the Airbender process for determining the next Avatar is based off of the Dalai Lama's succession.
Moreover, the bot doesn't mark spoilers as spoilers. I think I'd be fine with the bot if it could spoiler tag properly, but as far as I've seen, it can't.
I usually use the TV as background visuals. Doesn't really matter what's on, but I had it on Cartoon Network that day. Now I'd heard about Steven Universe before and wrote it off as another kid's show. I turn to look out the window and instead my eye catches on what's actually playing. It's the ending of Warp Tour, just when Steven catches the Robonoid and starts to float into the void, accepting death. I unmute the TV and watch, entranced, as Peridot makes a brief appearance and the Gems start to panic. I remember it struck me because of the note that the episode ended on. &gt; "Was that another Gem? Where did she come from? What was she trying to do?" &gt; "It doesn't matter." -escalating music and destruction of the Warp Pad- "She's not coming back." -cut to black- That made me sit stunned for a few moments before determining I needed to look up this show.
[How would you appraise a chicken?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FossUXgFWKA&amp;t=3m46s)
I'd also throw Timbersaw into that mix. Timbersaw's power curve is unlike almost any other hero in the game. He goes from pathetically weak in lane to a mid-game dominator (provided he didn't get crushed), and then completely drops off again the moment people start getting BKBs. He's one of the few cores (not carries, cores) that is bad in both the early and ultra-late game. Even a hero like Zeus is more versatile and has a stronger laning stage. It's very difficult to balance Timbersaw without making him either a god-tier snowballing force or utterly useless. You can see this in pro games: Timbersaw usually dominates amazingly when he's on the winning team, but gets utterly crushed when on the losing team. Right now, he's the latter and Queen of Pain does everything he does better.
I played for about 20 hours before I got bored and stopped playing. It's a fine game, but I don't think it deserves anywhere near the sheer amount of praise it's gotten. I had two major problems with the game that ultimately led to me quitting shortly after I reached Skellige: The combat is very simple - even on the hardest difficulty, you can get by through abusing Quen and Axii, upgrading Light Attack, and mashing M1. If the enemy flies or uses a shield, Axii will completely negate those. As far as I could tell, even if an attack was strong-enough to do way more damage than Quen blocked, it always blocked the full attack which meant you could get away with just dodging every other attack and using armor that sped up stamina regen. The vast majority of "points of interest" are boring and worthless. I did every single ? on the map I could find in every area until I reached Skellige, where upon I gave up because I noticed a pattern. The world is full of them but every single one is very similar, and they almost never gave anything other than crafting recipes of mixed usefulness or vendor trash. Almost any gear received was worse than my crafted gear. Any crafting materials were simply added to the pile I had amassed from the start of the game. They felt like busywork rather than something to actually seek out. The main and sidequests were very well-done, but honestly most of the in-between content felt pointless. I would have greatly preferred them to just cut out the "open world" and make it a much more linear game akin to Fable 1.
Imagine if Blue Diamond later looked back on this event, got curious, and then the fusion experiments began. Garnet would have inadvertently caused the eternal suffering of her former comrades.
http://i.imgur.com/0tBdCTz.jpg
As suggested in [this comment thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/stevenuniverse/comments/3zh370/episode_discussion_the_answer/cym2day) from The Answer discussion thread. Sadly I couldn't find a title screen with the text removed, so I couldn't replace it.
She doesn't say that exactly. She says "We couldn't have known they would do this," and, ""Rose couldn't have known." The context of both (along with Ruby's responses) leads me to believe she was talking about how they couldn't find the shards, not that they were the cause of the experiments.
Technically, Aegis should be pronounced Ee-jis because it's the name for Zeus' goddamn shield in Greek mythology and the ae- is pronounced like E.
He turned into a fuckin' Peanuts kid. He shapeshifted so hard he changed art styles.
They probably would have if Steven had not been completely focused on maintaining his shapeshifting.
I feel like once Steven feels like he's grown up, he's just going to EXPLODE in height. His parents are built like a bouncer and an amazonian, he has it in him to be a tank of a person. We've even seen what he *thinks* he's going to look like when he's an adult in Too Many Birthdays. His view of "adult" is basically Jasper-levels of huge.
Steven does have curly hair so it does have the potential of becoming Rose hair if he were to grow it out. I think people do it because they like the idea of Steven adapting traits from his mom and dad as he grows up, either as a tribute or because he likes them. Moreover, we don't know what Steven will ACTUALLY look like as an adult. In Too Many Birthdays, he transforms into what he believes his adult self might look like AT THAT MOMENT. A Gem's appearance is linked to their emotional and mental state, and it's very possible that the next ten years will have such a dramatic change on Steven's mind that his adult form will differ drastically from what we saw. Your appearance as you age is dependent on your environment as well as your genetics. If you take two twins and raise them in entirely different scenarios, they'll likely be different heights, have slightly different bone structures, etc. With Gems, you can add in the drastic changes that emotional differences might make. Steven doesn't know what will happen in the next ten years, so he doesn't know what he'll look like when he's an adult any more than we do.
The issue is BGH is a necessary evil for the few giant minions that would be *even more bullshit* without him. Imagine Dr. Boom if BGH didn't exist.
It's not "catering to the people who don't spend money." It's trying to make a fun and interesting game mode that doesn't devolve into meta-decking the shit out of it. There's a reason every time a spell-based deck-building brawl appears, people get really irritated. It's because everyone either plays Tempo Mage or gets crushed by Tempo Mage, and the people who don't have the cards to play Tempo Mage get irritated. It's much easier to have a widely-enjoyed game mode when you have control over what the players can and cannot play. They don't have to be the same deck - just not my nice little 'for fun' deck vs. Netdeck McPowerGamer. If you change the ruleset, your community of millions will still find the most optimal way to game the system. Moreso with Tavern Brawls because the rulesets are not balanced. Having premade decks that each game the system in a different way requires more thought, but it also creates a more enjoyable experience overall because the you can focus on the gameplay rather than being forced to endure losing 3 games before you switch to Tempo Mage.
Lapis doesn't really need redemption. She needs counseling and maybe therapy, but not redemption.
Bonus points if she grows a glorious fisherman's beard.
Two points worth noting: 1. Peridot states that the end plan for Earth was 89 Kindergartens, 67 Spires, and a Galaxy Warp at each facet. We currently only know of the Lunar Sea Spire, the Sky Spire, and the Earth Spire (mentioned but not shown), but either of the unknown ones could be a Spire as well. 2. The [map of the original buildings](http://imgur.com/AfsWoWC) indicates 14 major locations. Each of these is likely required for the beginning of a Gem Colony, which would indicate the remaining 6 locations (the two on North America are Kindergartens) we have yet to see are all likely of great importance.
It appears to be a post-rebellion Homeworld structure, perhaps a prison for rebels. The same triangle insignia that appears on Peridot's ship appears (without colors) on the floor of the central room of the trap floor. This is unlike the moon base and the Sky Arena, both of which predate the rebellion and have the diamond insignia.
[DUPED!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l291zs8rLuM)
Doesn't matter if the heals aren't strong enough. There are easily some single-pack pulls where spamming Flash of Light BARELY keeps someone alive. The first few pulls on the ramp after Ick and Krick in Pit of Saron, for example.
I don't regret watching it but that's because I don't really care about spoilers. What I will say is this: it basically spoils two major character stories in one 5-second clip.
Probably not. Peridot said the locations shown were the original foundation for the colony on Earth and accounted for "maybe 5%" of what was planned. The moon base isn't on Earth so it's probably not among them.
The Pyramid Temple isn't one of the ones listed on the map. It was created post-rebellion (hence the murals of Rose and the triangular Authority insignia as opposed to the diamond one) whereas the locations shown on the map are the original buildings that were made when Gems arrived on Earth.
It took me a second viewing to understand what exactly Peridot was doing, as well. But once it clicked, it's now honestly one of my favorite scenes in the entire show. It's a very good way to show you exactly what a character is good and bad at. Peridot understands mechanics but not abstract concepts. Which, funnily enough, pops up again later in the episode when she doesn't understand the concept of *why* the rebels actually rebelled. She understands the causes and effects of the rebellion, but not the feelings behind it. Mechanically, she's right in saying the rebellion *didn't* actually solve anything, because it didn't. But conceptually, she completely misses the point. Steven mistakes her compliance for understanding, but you can still see her struggling with concepts as she's talking. "Interest without meaning? Solutions without problems?"
Peridot was IN his mane. That's how she was riding him. The glow was her getting out.
I was getting some serious Frieza vibes with the line, "I want my Cluster, and I want that planet to *die.* Just make that happen."
There's an upcoming episode titled "Back 2 The Moon" that is probably related. I doubt we'll have to wait until Season 3 to see what that orb does.
[A small comparison, for those who can't remember.](http://imgur.com/a/9GpZB) In other words, Jasper has a +5 Cloak of the Jawline.
&gt;1 year Oh you poor, naive child.
The sheer thought of political intrigue and gossip within the Homeworld power structure is wonderful. We are dealing with three separate courts of Gems in which both alliances and millennium-long feuds could have been formed and broken. They may all be united toward a singular goal, but the reactions of Peridot and Yellow Pearl indicate that they're just as proud and prone to in-fighting as Earthlings. To give an example: *what would the other Gems think if they found out Yellow Diamond couldn't control a simple Peridot?* I wouldn't be surprised if Pearls are sworn to secrecy by their Diamonds for that reason alone, considering their constant attendance means they're privy to all manner of insider information. And now, we patiently await the Homeworld arc.
It won't last forever, but she could leave before the series ends like Rebecca did with AT and like Ian is going to do with SU.
Peridot had a lot of obtuse lines within the last two episodes, from her dissection of Steven's musical chords to her lack of explanation about her grand plan to get Yellow Diamond's assistance. I kinda love it.
One thing that I want to see though is that, when Lapis does eventually warm up to Peridot, she returns the gift by retrieving her limb enhancers. I mean, Lapis IS the most qualified to do it.
I think it's more the fact that Peridot is partly responsible for her being abducted back to Earth against her will... again.
It has yet to be announced what exactly got greenlit, but it's very possible. We'll see in the coming months.
Imgur has an album limit of 150, so I had to split it into three parts. [Part 2](http://imgur.com/a/CMZZ5) [Part 3](http://imgur.com/a/3zOLg) I went through all of the episodes and gathered as many interesting or funny faces as I could, along with a few other things that could become emotes such as the shots of Earth from space. [Here is my favorite.](http://i.imgur.com/GDhHLSi.jpg)
Also Zuke is very open about her love for slashfic.
Okay I know what we call Bismuth could be a lot of things other than Bismuth, but it's NOT a diamond. Unless you mean the gem is actually under his mane, on the skin. In which case that's more viable but I still don't believe so because Amethyst shapeshifted into Lion and her gem was on the mane rather than underneath.
I just want them back because they're just *cool.* Gem weapon or not, they're really useful and powerful tools for both maintenance and combat.
Well I mean, where's she gonna put the star?
On the topic of stock sounds, the bzzt from It Could Have Been Great when the holoscreen first appears is the exact same noise that DotA 2 uses for one of Storm Spirit's abilities. My mind went blank and tried to shift into dota mode for a moment.
So it doesn't get detected and copyright claimed by the automatic systems.
It's just frustrating when you're just trying to play, get destroyed, and then see that someone has 9 Damage Ups and 3 Defense Ups. I actually saw someone with this, he crushed everyone.
It's even stranger when you consider he broke the rules using the elements... of Draenor... 30 years in the past... in another dimension. Why the fuck do Azeroth's elementals give a shit?
I'm still partly of the opinion that a Gem's strength varies based on their emotional mood, just like how Steven's powers are a bit inconsistent. Every time we've seen Lapis demonstrate overwhelming power, it's during a time of great emotional stress and desperation. This goes for both the events of Mirror Gem/Ocean Gem and her overpowering Malachite. However, we've also seen Lapis when she was weak and defenseless, held in a cell on Peridot's ship. I don't think it's a coincidence that Lapis doesn't fight back much after she's had her entire reason for persevering for 6000 years stripped away from her. She knew there was water nearby, and I'm willing to wager Lapis is fully aware of how strong she can be. But she lost her will, only regaining and demonstrating her full force after she resolved to protect Steven after fusing. If this does hold true, then it would make sense that Lapis would get weaker after she joins the Crystal Gems. She would be less strained and intense in general as she has friends and allies.
When she reformed, Peridot was still shouting like she was during the fight. She had no idea she'd even been poofed, so she probably didn't feel much.
I can only assume they pronounce hypocritical with a silent H.
A 3/3 Murloc? Murloc Knight approves.
Well YD still had a Pearl despite the rebellion having a Pearl. I think Homeworld recognizes individuality enough to understand two different Gems of the same type can have different thoughts.
Just so you know, mods tend to get a bit annoyed if you try to mention advanced spoilers in a post that isn't tagged with the specific flair. Even if you spoiler tag your own stuff, if the thread doesn't have it, they might dunk your comment.
Wouldn't a bomb with a radius of ~2500 miles irradiate basically half the world?
In basketball, there's not a 12% chance that hitting the backboard will cause the ball to rocket across the entire court and score a point for the opposing team.
And where might I go to read this series?
My heart isn't ready for Bokuto after the last game.
I think it's inevitable that we'll eventually get to see Homeworld, and I feel like the various Diamond storylines will all begin to intersect there. If all three Diamonds are balanced in terms of power, then in theory White and Blue Diamond could overrule Yellow Diamond and allow something she disapproves of. Say for example you frame White Diamond as a decisive and calculating force that is firmly focused on the now (regardless of previous affiliation) while Blue Diamond is willing to overlook certain transgressions if it ultimately furthers her goal. I feel like this is the perfect set-up for establishing a tenuous alliance between the Crystal Gems and the Diamonds despite Yellow Diamond's obvious vendetta against them. Introduce a threat to all Gem-kind, have one Diamond view the involvement of the Crystal Gems as necessary, have another believe she can use the Crystal Gems for her own agenda, and have Yellow Diamond vehemently oppose it but unable to overrule the other two. And from there, you build.
Given that Peridot survived a several-story fall followed by being crushed by a 15-foot hunk of metal, their bodies seem to be really good at resisting blunt force trauma but significantly less-sturdy against puncturing.
I always did love the idea that, after all of the Homeworld conflict is said and done, Greg became a celebrity among Gems because they loved his music.
&gt;Peridot confirmed they've never heard any before Not true. Sapphire was humming before she was ever introduced to humans. I think Peridot understands the concept of music and was instead just confused as to how the drill noises were music.
[Splatoon is getting two manga adaptations,](http://www.crunchyroll.com/anime-news/2016/01/09-1/splatoon-will-receive-two-manga-adaptations) although one is just a four-panel. I have hope for an anime.
While I'm not sure of how obscure they are, I've always enjoyed Last Days of Lorca. I first learned of them through Beat Hazard as one of the tracks in that game was [With All Clarity.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n_5aG436Eng) It's easily one of my favorite songs (I still listen to it years later which is rarely the case with me), alongside [A Lighthouse Waits](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1QkfbvSWG4M) and [I Start Fires/We Start Riots.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e4t2xysHiPQ) As far as I can tell they're still together, but they don't have a lot of music.
[Magic.](http://i.imgur.com/SbUFDcz.gif)
Peridot does not seem like the person who would ever turn down limb enhancers unless they have a very negative down-side. They objectively improve her fighting abilities and overall usefulness, so there's no reason NOT to use them. With her limb enhancers, Peridot can: fly, shoot energy blasts, levitate objects, run on walls, record logs, and probably do a bunch of other stuff we have yet to see. And the only down-side is... she loses palms? But she could hold a destabilizer with them so she's clearly skilled-enough so that it doesn't affect her. Also Peridot doesn't hate Homeworld. She disagrees with a decision they made and went against Yellow Diamond's wishes, but she very clearly doesn't hate Homeworld in the way Garnet and Pearl do. Her only problem was with Yellow Diamond's vendetta against the planet.
Alternatively, a Gem's court is hand-picked from the Gems under their rule as opposed to the all-encompassing idea presented here, so you can serve Blue Diamond but not be part of her court. Like a normal royal court. Garnet did refer to Sapphire as an "aristocratic Gem," after all. Basically Ruby could be a peasant under Blue Diamond.
Precisely. She's just that good when it comes to memorization and acting on information. I'm willing to wager even someone with perfect pitch would have to hear notes multiple times before the can pick them out (if only to memorize exactly which note correlates to what letter despite knowing the notes by ear), but Peridot only needed it once.
She can still do all of that while retaining her limb enhancers. They're a tool and they probably have some sentimental value to Peridot. There is no reason to not give them back to her at some point, considering she's just going to be a liability in combat without them. She's physically weaker than Steven - any physical combat without her limb enhancers is going to end badly for her, training and summoned weapon or not. Gems can't do strength training like humans can considering their bodies are malleable. Moreover, why CAN'T her limb enhancers be her weapon? It clearly took Pearl several years to learn how to summon a weapon properly as she's still using swords well into the rebellion. I doubt Peridots are "made for fighting" any more than Pearls are. Meanwhile, Peridot already has training with limb enhancers and experience using them in combat situations. It would be far more prudent to recover her limb enhancers as opposed to training her from the ground up on how to summon a weapon AND THEN training her on how to use it. If her weapon is even something the CGs are qualified to train, that is; it could be something they have no idea how to use properly.
Orc-spawning, spike-forming red.
Yeah but in Hunter that's 4 damage the next turn for 3 mana, plus your opponent might get a Zombie Chow or something. You don't want to be running it in aggro. Really the only decent damage-dealing pull you could get from it in aggro is Leper Gnome.
Over the course of 300 runs (10 runs a day for a month), you'd have an 88% chance to have seen the mount at least once just by the laws of probability. You start calling yourself unlucky when you cross 50%. If you're actually hardcore farming it, there is no reason to have not seen the mount by now.
They actually make mention of it in Gekkan Shoujo Nozaki-kun where he says he can't draw two people riding a bike together for that same reason. Hence why the two-seater: he's trying to figure out the best way to get around it.
I think it should break when the target becomes magic immune.
Steamwheedle Sniper seems like the kind of card that just needs another card to make it good. It's not *bad*, but Hunter cannot make use of it because it doesn't have the tools to make dealing 2 direct damage to a minion valuable in most forms. They either have sufficient removal as-is (Kill Command, Quick Shot, Powershot, Explosive Trap, etc.) or don't need to focus on removal because they're aggro. Just about the only card that synergizes with it as removal is Hunter's Mark. Having said that, [imagine if a card like this were introduced.](http://i.imgur.com/FPRMJTx.png) Not balanced, probably too weak, but the concept of getting a Hunter's Mark off Inspire allows a combo where Steamwheedle Sniper becomes hard removal for anything that doesn't have a Divine Shield while both are down and you have a Hunter's Mark in hand. I'm confident that Steamwheedle Sniper will eventually see play provided Hunters get more cards that synergize with a 2-damage ping hero power.
Go for it.
If you've got a bit more time, Lindybeige makes some rather interesting and informative videos on medieval weaponry, armor, reenactments, and roleplaying. [Here's his video on longbows,](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ZpDIpqDwxI) and [here's a follow-up about arrows.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PWCN7HId-b8)
It's a toss-up between Omniknight and Necrophos. For the record, I primarily play Timbersaw. Omniknight is a massive pain in the ass because he shuts down any potential of a solo kill when he's around. Timbersaw is a hero with a very small window of domination: after he gets a Bloodstone, and before enemies pick up a BKB. Turns out a hero that can give anyone a free BKB that never loses duration from the 2-minute mark prevents a lot of kills. Necrophos because fuck that aura and fuck 30 extra seconds on the respawn timer. I shouldn't need to take 2 points in Reactive Armor just so my health stops falling because I had the AUDACITY to try to come remotely close to the creep wave.
I wouldn't really call Greg a deadbeat, though. He owns his own small business and lives comfortably (as far as he's concerned) while providing for Steven. Moreover, he's talented in a wide variety of fields. It's more that Greg just has a very non-traditional lifestyle.
**I'll preface this by saying this is going to be a long reply. If you're actually interested in the series, please read through it because I'm trying to be helpful.** I get the feeling you've only seen episodes from the first half of the first season. I'll tackle your questions first and then explain a bit: &gt;What does Steven do? Depending on what episodes you've seen, it varies. The series begins with Steven *just* starting to learn about his powers, so he starts off rather useless, naive, and childish. As the series progresses, he becomes more capable. &gt;Is he just there to observe and scream? The show is almost always framed from Steven's perspective, so you see things as Steven sees them. At the start he does indeed do a lot of observing, as one does when they start learning. As for the screaming... it depends. &gt; Is he heavily autistic, is that why it's so popular with the tumblr crowd? No. Steven is childish and he grows as a character. The show is popular with tumblr because it has dynamic, complex, and enjoyable characters. &gt;Does he have any abilities? Yes. First and foremost, Steven is a half-Human half-Gem (alien) hybrid, which means he can do most of what Gems can do while also having unique aspects of himself. Gems can summon weapons, shapeshift, project hard-light energy bubbles around objects, have inhuman strength and agility, regenerate from their gemstones, fuse with one another to combine strengths, and have a variety of unique abilities depending on the Gem (electricity, flight, etc.). Steven demonstrates some of these, but not others. Some are spoilers so I won't mention which. However, as previously stated, he does not begin the series with these because he's just beginning to learn the very basics of his Gem half. The very first episode of the series has him tackling how to summon his Gem weapon, a shield. &gt;Is he ever the reason the plot moves forward? Very often. &gt;Why is he scared of everything? He's not? There are some things which he is nervous or anxious about, but even at the start of the series, he's not overly terrified of much. &gt;Does he have an inside voice? He does. --- As for the appeal of Steven Universe, it's a show about characters and interpersonal relationships. There is an overarching plot, but the meat of the show is watching characters interact with themselves and one another, and grow in depth and complexity. That being said, the overarching plot does help drive you along to keep watching more as it's quite interesting and the world is full of hints that more is going on and I will not spoil it. At the beginning of the series, Steven is much like any other young person - naive, impressionable, hapless, nonsensical, etc. The bulk of the show is watching him grow from this child into a more capable and respectable person. The same goes for most of the characters, although Steven is the focus of the show and thus he gets the most characterization and development. I can agree that the series does not make the best first impressions as a result of this, as growth is intentional but it's slow and it's not presented upfront. Really, it just comes down to if you like how the characters end up. Unfortunately I can't recommend two episodes to demonstrate this without A) Massively spoiling the series and B) Undermining all of the events that led to the character growth demonstrated. All I can say is that it does get a lot better than the first few episodes. If you don't find anything awful about the series and stick with it, it will deliver. And even then the first episodes aren't bad - a lot of them are smartly-written and have some good jokes. It's just that Steven starts off... abrasive. But if you're willing to give the series a solid try and absolutely must see what the show is capable of, I'll recommend one of two episodes: 1. Space Race (S1E28), as it's a spoiler-free episode that showcases some strong character traits of one character in particular. 2. Alone Together (S1E36) is probably the most fascinating episode of the entire show. You may want to watch Giant Woman (S1E12) first to understand the concept of fusion. Amazon Instant Video has all of the episodes if you want to pay for them (be warned that Amazon's order of episodes is incorrect and is not the proper viewing order). If not, I'm sure you can find them online somewhere. ^^^^^Kickass ^^^^^Torrents ^^^^^has ^^^^^every ^^^^^episode.
I hope not. 5CP has a major flaw in that it heavily emphasizes fast classes/heroes due to the tug-of-war nature because you're constantly in a mad dash for the farther point. I'm not saying it'd be 6v6 all Tracer but it'd put a severe disadvantage to the slower heroes.
I mean, it was obvious she was a huge nerd from the start. A huge *shipping* nerd, on the other hand...
Don't mind me, just making sure all of the Haikyuu guys are there.
Maybe they could have something like this in the future: * All max-rank gear has a baseline 1-2% conversion rate toward Focus. * The type of Focus you gain defaults to your chosen school and can be changed by paying a fee (possibly costing Focus) or using a Lens. * Lenses increase the conversion rate and also change the school, if the school is different. So that way the focus system doesn't punish you for switching gear often and you can still grind focus by using specific gear with proper lenses.
Thank you! [Now I've got a spiffy new rainmeter skin.](http://i.imgur.com/JflTUJj.jpg)
I saw this happen earlier today. Acolyte spawned, one of the dudes I was grouped with shot it once and it evaporated.
