Kobe isn't greater than LeBron lol! What are you high! What are you basing this on? Being on Shaq's team for 3 championships? Getting drafted by a team that went 56-26 and then 60+ wins the next year?
Yeah they don't plan on doing anything about it and they haven't acknowledged it either
[Here's](http://youtu.be/st4ghssHopY) my one and only gameplay on Gephyrophobia if you wanna take a look to see how a match goes. I've only gotten the opportunity to play it once and I made it count lol. Make sure you go for the sniper. You'll land the most kills :)
Yeah seriously. Search: soda can remnant
How do you do it?! Are you spring jumping? I tried in custom Games and wasn't getting particularly close at landing it :/
No you can BXB people in halo 2 and they'll die if the first melee was a moving melee
whats his legacy ?
Lebron is a 4x MVP, and has been the best player in basketball for around 10 years now. He's also been better than Kobe at every corresponding age in the NBA starting from 18 all the way to 30 (this won't change any time soon) and he's also averaged more points, rebounds, assists, steals, and blocks on a better shooting % in regular season and playoffs, and better points, rebounds, assists and shooting % in the finals (Kobe, 41% in the finals = Yikes!). LeBron is also a 2x Finals MVP on both of his championship teams and has been the undisputed best player on his team for his entire career every year (something Kobe can never say in Shaq's 3 championships with the Lakers) He has crushed this whole LeBron vs Kobe thing and it hasn't been particularly close either. And dont get me started on all star selections. Lmao you serious? You're telling me lebron would have to twiddle his thumbs and wait for 5 more years and wait to be greater than Kobe Bryant? Laughable way of looking at things, especially considering Kobe hasn't even played the last two years, stunk up the joint with his shooting % and gotten voted in anyway. Yeah really great way of defining greatness. You don't know what you're talking about.
"It measures about 13 inches long" No way! Me too :D
Hey that's pretty cool!
No one hates curry lol
Technically every aspect of life is due to luck. This guy is just being a big whiner. Curry doesn't wanna show up to that guys school anyway.
[Here's](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=64o3xi4_peE) my own Point of View from what transpired! It's a glitch that's happened to me before when you get hijacked off of the ghost and press a bunch of buttons. The game doesn't let you shoot, melee, or throw grenades. Weird stuff!
/u/rockforlight1998 /u/diasfordays
That sounds pretty dope actually
Super Saiyan Alpha
It's happened to me on Stonetown twice!
Who are you talking to??? You're not even answering the question posed in the title!
Don't listen to these guys trying to justify this by saying "you missed shots here and there" and "that only 1 out of 3 of your bullets connected" or some shit like that. That's not the biggest problem at hand. Your bullets are getting refunded. Look after your 3rd, 6th, and 8th burst. Lots of your shots didn't even count. This is a common occurrence in H2A and Halo 4. It's not just bullets. Watch when your shields are recharging or when you're planting the bomb in h2a in those games! You are being lied to!
Try taking up Barbie's World on the PS2 it might be more tailored to your skill set.
Because they don't want anyone to have fun
It's just something to talk about and it's also easy to remember so people can sound informed in conversation. It's actually silly to talk about a finals record. Would it be better to lose before the finals??
Halo 3 is a joke in the FoV department. Halo CE split screen on the MCC is beautiful and makes me jizz every time. You can see everything.
Yeah they should. And they need to make CE 4v4
/r/forgeinitiative
because it was a gimmick and the coolness factor wore off over time. however, i still like to pretend im james bond with dualie magnums in halo 2/3
fake
"Kung Lao...wins...."
Have you guys heard the 1 hour extended version of this? It's when any Australian tries to jump into matchmaking
How did that guy whiff the rocket 100%?
"Pull up to the scene with the ceilin' missin'!"
This is pretty common. It happens to me all the time. Just remember to keep shooting
ripoff of brooklyn nets jerseys. NEXT
he just spawned its natural reaction to walk forward. didnt have a split second to even think about it.
if only everyone else had better aim on the last guy, I would have finish him earlier!
Yup :)
Idk. I was on the other side of a bad spawn that a guy on the blue team had to get the drop on us earlier in the match. The game was repaying the favor. This isn't a great team slayer map in my opinion. It's very open with quite a few long lines of site. Tricks the game into thinking "there's nobody here! Here is your spawn good sir!"
Probably not a decent player
You can only block a sword attack with another sword. You're thinking of a bulltrue, where you melee a guy and somehow get a kill when he is sword lunging at you.
Yes
Yes buy it already. People ask this question every day it's becoming comical at this point. Use the search function
its not that petty, i mean he fucking killed you for the sniper
its because hes probably a teenager or close to it? most halo players are 17-21 years old
He already got killed by the time I picked up snipe. You can tell in the killfeed
He was a rookie. What the hell does "chuck shots" even mean in this case? Who do you want him to pass it to? Anthony Bennett?
He's already better than bird, a player who had two hall of fame teammates (mcHale/parish) on his team for 10+ years and a slew of other hall of famers peppered in there. The ring counting casual sports fan mentality needs to come to an end.
Chief player did too many random ultras and didn't do a single focus attack....Hand me the controller!!
Iraq
They have the same moves as the character they were modded from (Chief = Abel, Samus = C. Viper). I think you can mod it to whichever character you want. I don't know how to mod anything though, sorry.
its "STOP GIVING UP"
I was on the treadmill watching the game thinking "dang....I'm getting tired"
It's so funny how Delly doesnt start talking until you hear lebron start talking toward the end there....
I find it too risky to toss a nade. If you're red side, just shoot the middle barrel a little to the left of its middle. It'll fly to front of br2 usually
Yes it's 178 MB. Bout to play some CE just to be sure
seems true to how it was before the patch that ruined it http://www.reddit.com/r/halo/comments/39ig8k/halo_ce_bullet_magnetism_returns_to_preshit_patch/
Yeah that's what I'm saying. Please read the title again
Yeah now that I read it again i can see how it's ambiguous. But once you watch the video you'll see that what i meant was now the bullet magnetism is appropriate and where it should be
Yeah we found a match pretty fast
It's because halo 4 doesn't have bullshit mandatory no BR starts and it's also very well polished in terms of objective game types. And you get to party up with 4 of your pals instead of 5. And those Spartan abilities are kinda fun.
Yeah It is down for me right now 2:41 AM 6.12.2015 in California. I really want to play some Rumble Pit on Halo MCC :(
Yeah, You were the last person to shoot him, so you got credit for the kill even though he essentially committed suicide
I bring this up all the time. THis is why Halo 3 is my least favorite halo in this collection. What good is an FPS if the aiming is broken?
Yes
I don't think so
&gt; They should honestly make the max party size of these unranked playlists to the size of the game themselves. Could you clarify what you mean by that?
Aw man :(
The biggest turnoff for me in streams is the insanely long matchmaking times. The streams are always around 65% halo and 35% waiting. If there's any way you can minimize that that would be a big plus.
It seems every CE match I run into these teleporters
There's really no such thing as a clippers fan of you think about it.
Nice
It's not icebergs that are in water that are causing the sea levels to rise, it's the melting of the ice that is originally on land and then flows into the ocean
Sounds like you haven't played the game enough considering you don't even have the achievement. If you want to run into Bloodline more often you should play more BtB. and if you really want it, just go into custom games and start a match on bloodline. i think that will get the achievement
Well you shot 10 bursts and you finished with only 6 bullets in your chamber, so to answer your question, No, you DID NOT get bullet refunded. However, The game's hit detection IS failing
12 vs 12 which means 2 minutes into the game it'll be 6 vs 11 :)))
Louis Louis Louis loouuiiiiiis!
The size of the shit she took in the beginning is unreal
Why is the highest rated comment based on whether the stat is useless? It's saying Kyrie Irving did more in his game 1 appearance than anyone else on the roster has done through all 5 games besides lebron James.....
Hakeem or Shaq. Can't go wrong with either one.
Can't wait to see people quit in the first 2 minutes or so if they don't get their vehicle/power weapon of choice
"Ready to suck dick, mister master chief sir!"
/u/RockForlight1998 Tag the Demi Gods. Idk his reddit username
dwyane wade was injured as fuck before the playoffs. he wouldnt have won the championship in miami anyway. do you even follow the NBA?
Don't quit your day job.
His last thoughts: ....fucking........camper......*dies*
I dont think the majority of NBA fans know who Moses Malone was despite being one of the 20 best players ever
Several hundred??? I would have given up after like 30. Luckily I got that in like 20 tries.
I honestly just kept trying until I got it. I watched a few YouTube videos first and tried to replicate that and luckily it worked out.
Hi I am interested. I'm online right now. GT: Xalpha23
PS4 controllers are pretty comfy. It was the PS3 controllers that were downright awful
Southernplayalisticadillacmuzik
Hey I am down. Please add xalpha23 and aidanrich98 on Xbox one. We both just played a few private matches today on Xbox one. it was a ton of fun.
Yes the xbla port from N64
Whenever they get a steal "Hey! Who put that cone there?"
Haha I thought it was funny
Man there is nothing like getting off to a hot start in Halo
He could just be in party chat all the time like me
Although not having split screen in Halo is disappointing, It is still pretty cool you can play every halo on MCC on 4-player split screen multiplayer on the latest gen. That's in addition to all 5 campaigns. MCC Should keep you and your couch co-op buddies busy for years to come.
RUNNING WINGMAN
Can we please not introduce the term "hardscope" to Halo? It really doesn't have the same implications as doing it in CoD
Beaver creek is perfect to me. I can't believe no one has mentioned it yet!
A friendly Dino appears!
Tim Duncan 🏀🏀🏀
I'll take "system player" for $400, Alex
I'm preparing him for life, Rachel. Our son means the world to me. He is also weirdly mature for a 16 year-old.
His skin tone is reminiscent of a homestyle eggo waffle
Mm pizza :-)
Doesn't have to be perfect. That was an exaggeration on my part. Just decent for a 16 year-old
"I'm Chris Herren, why don't I have a seat right over here?" *falls down*
Great song
Kobe Bryant. Underwhelming shooting % and mostly bad finals appearances, especially inexcusable when shaq is on your team and receives the brunt of the defensive attention
Biggest noob guns are the Kuda, BRM and the HVK 30
AAAAAAAGGGRGEEEGHHGHAHG
Lamar be like...."pass me the rock"
Jerry West at 24 is ranked too low! And not all positions were created equal. Where's Oscar Robertson! Nvm: just saw Oscar :-)
12 year-olds be like "where's curry?"
Nice work dude
You also don't gain 100% muscle when you are bulking. There will always be some fat gained anyway.
The #teamlightskin family just got a little bigger
You tell 'em!!!!
Start a family that's a good one. People got kids they don't even take care of
😂😂😂💯💯💯🐸☕️
He ain't light skinned enough sorry
Forgot to mention guys, I'm Jordan clarkson
Also lightskin is not a race, please educate yourself
Dave obviously. Kevin hart is funny too. Katt Williams is garbage tier though
So many corners lol And pussies hiding behind the Hummers when they're too scared for some CQB It's an awesome FFA map. One central location where all the kills pile up and everyone's fighting for control. (Pull out your shotguns guys)
One of my favorite players. Very agile and amazing shooter for a big man. Great stroke and some sweet turnaround jumpers from the high post
The Spurs will win the championship that's all that matters
Jeff Withey: new face of basketball
It's not perfect but overall good
Yes it has improved but the bad news is my Scuf controller is starting to act up and I am having some vertical drift on both thumbsticks. I do not recommend you buy one.
He was a beast. #beastobili
Hey my Scuf controller has upward Thumbstick drift (my character starts walking forward and looking up eventually even when I don't touch the ticks). Do you think I could send my controller to you and you could fix it? Are you in the U.S.?
Record company people are shadyyy
"Sacremento" XD Sacre Bleu Monsieur! Robert Sacre
Unbelievable track. I've been a huge jamiroquai fan for a while
Lmao everyone should just yell 3 seconds at him every now and then. He'd fall for it every time
Dude was cooking Curry in Game 1. Picking up where he left off
Wish LeBron would jack up 8 threes a game at least. He always holds the ball for a few seconds before making a move
Lakers were very popular and they had a great record. The Lakers bandwagon was filling up with Shaq and Kobe as the stars and "the next MJ" storyline had emerged
John Wall is not really a player my friends and I ever even talk about. He is not good enough and doesn't play on a good enough team to garner that notoriety
It's crazy to think the Heat lost 3 straight games with The big 3 all in their prime. The Celtics gave em hell but just fell short
He didn't dribble after the whistle blew. He actually had amazing reaction time and threw it up immediately after he heard it
He started making a deliberate move toward the basket. If you do that, someone fouls you, you don't take anymore dribbles and you throw the ball up quick after the whistle, then yeah that's gonna be counted as a shooting foul about 95% of the time.
Chris Paul usually leads the league in stolens! /u/OreosOnFire I summon thee!!!!!!
Oracle arena is technically the oldest NBA stadium. (1967...68 maybe?)
I don't think there are many that debate he is out of the top 5. He is clearly the 3rd best player of all time IMO (Jordan, Kareem)
Halo MCC technically has at least 4 games that are split screen. Campaign and multiplayer. Lots of fun to be had if you can find a match
So dirty fam. 9/11
Need to see a John Johnson highlight video by Dawkins: John Johnson 39 pts, 16 rebounds, 8 assists, NO CHILL!
Seth having flashbacks of the driveway
Make sure you use grip and Hardwired/Fast Hands. Everything else is up to you
Low hanging fruit really
Best map for head shots in Hardcore
Thunder's bread and butter is to complain about cod games being the worst yet he keeps playing them....almost exclusively. all you have to do is aim at someone's toes or legs it's so easy. If you bought the game on launch and you haven't figured it out yet then you are an idiot
Fuck. No. 75 points of looking for campers is enough bullshit already
Don't waste your breath. That guy is an idiot
Play FFA. Wait for people to run by. Use hard wired to stay off of Sixth Sense and use Dead Silence so you don't get soundwhored as easily. Corner camp in the hotspots. Throw shock charges in high traffic areas to stun the other players For instance on Stronghold, camp upstairs the house and wait for people to jump into the windows. Hide in the bedroom, hide behind the dinner table or in the kitchen. Then when people run by, give them the stabby stabby!!
Matt Barnes and Kevin Garnett come to mind
Can't really count his first 7 years in Cleveland. The team didn't make appropriate personnel changes. Didn't have real coaching or a game plan other than "the LeBron offense." 2nd best player was Mo Williams...Ilgauskas? Cleveland was also one of the most poorly run franchises in the league until they magically made a turnaround once LeBron returned. They pretty much got lucky with all of their picks and that LeBron wanted to come back. I think the only Finals loss you can hold against him is 2011 where he played bad. He should have 3 championships instead of 2 right now. Other than that this shit posting needs to stop. You wanted him to beat Golden State without his 2 best teammates?
Try reading the stats and advanced stats once in a while. Or maybe for the first time ever
I gotta say warriors. They have an actual gameplan. And they would also make better adjustments game to gamd
2 point clinic #thereturnofthe2 #whyshoot3swhentheres2s #number9na,morelikenumber2
Vince Carter, no wait McGrady, no wait....fuck!
Best answer in the thread
Fuckin bullshit have fun fighting campers for 15 minutes you guys are idiots
He has a jitter mod on his controller
It's not embarrassing at all. That guy wasn't even taking the game seriously
In the 80s defense was an afterthought just ask my favorite player Magic Johnson
Mickey Rottner could put up points in a hurry
Me and Deron Williams because we both have nice beards
Lopez &gt; Lopez And it's not even close
Zangief be like "bitch I got a BALD head"
They weren't. That's a myth
Shaq ate Ben Wallace alive that series. Lakers coulda won if they fed the big man but SOMEBODY didn't feel like passing
SalGOD Mejri
Shock Charges :-) Sheiva Dead Silence L-Car 9 Primary Gunfighter (Level 34)
You live in NY....dude had no choice
Clearly I was referring to Rick fox
Damn no chill 💯💯
"Bitch I got a BALD shoulder!"
Kali Muscle's cousin
Dude was trash. James harden's beard would cross him over and make him cry in about 5 seconds. /s Just kidding I actually have no idea why his number isn't retired. The lakers should do it
Dudes be like "draymond green is the best power forward in the west"😂😂😂
All aboard Vahns nutsack!!!!!!!!! *CHOO CHOO*
Dave Cowens was trash. Didn't make a single 3 his entire career. Curry would shit in that guys mouth and make him cry 💯💯🐸☕️
What an absolute lie. Jordan played in 15 seasons
These are some of the dumbest people on earth
Cheating with the vesper I see
Yeah nice "skinny" pic in the beginning dude. You were pretty much almost average/lean. Looking aesthetic though. I need to start counting my calories!
I was 6'2" 168 lbs and was the guy on the right. OPs genes are great. Not even close to sickly
"Could of" drives me fucking crazy. It doesn't even make any sense!
People are acting like this is such a big deal. The team that started hiding knew they would get DQ'd (I'm assuming they have a pulse and at least a few brain cells). This wasn't some master plan to cheat their way to the championship. they're showing off and trolling more than anything. You gotta admit they owned the other team pretty good. Takes a lot of skill to get all 4 team members out of the map without losing the lead. Even the team name is "Mi Seng" (MISSING) as in "gone missing"
Hardcore TDM: the most skillful gametype in the history of CoD. I can't figure out for the life of me why the competitive scene hasn't picked it up as an MLG gametype yet...
Hardcore Kill Confirmed
U r soft ya big softy P.S. You r soft. Like charmin. Stop being soft
This guy is trying to weasel his way to a Golden State NBA championship.....
No dark matter is awesome I only use that :-)
YOUVE SEEN MY WORK, NOW WATCH ME TWERK
You're a bag idea
