Huh. Self-funded? Wow, but distributed by Paramount...
&gt; he used to read Flash comics when he was younger and was a big fan. Nothing I love to see more than this. :) Like Capaldi and Tennant.
A lot
omg wait no I remember. I talked to you already! xD
&gt;"That was a good talk!" &gt;"No it wasn't!" I actually loved that.
Oh man I can't believe I forgot this episode's villain was the Ginger Ninja.
NO TOUCHING!
OP DON'T MOUSE OVER THE SPOILER IN THIS COMMENT, AOS SPOILERS &gt; How was Ultron created Oh damn I just realised they show you [Raina's vision of Loki's staff in the episode before AoU](/spoiler)
It isn't known this time. :(
This is one of the most true comments here
Eh. I still think it's implausible.
[Meanwhile in the Person of Interest writers room next door...](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CGH2Ww0UsAETZWF.jpg)
Lyla is probably the breadwinner of the household. ARGUS work can't be cheap
I am 100% sure he did nothing but work for his people to get that high. He kept his peas out of his rice apparently.
AOS spoilers: [](#s "After S.H.I.E.L.D. disbanded, there was a ship that Fury had orders to destroy, with all the agents on it. Bobbi Morse aka Mockingbird and Agent Gonzales made the call to disobey Fury's orders and they formed a new S.H.I.E.L.D.. Meanwhile, Fury gave Coulson a "toolbox" to work with to help him operate S.H.I.E.L.D. secretly. So that was what Coulson was doing until he found out about the rival S.H.I.E.L.D. faction and they started to spar especially over Skye aka Quake and her powers. In the end, the two factions had to end up joining because of the threat of the Inhumans. Oh. And Coulson and Agent Koenig played by Patton Oswalt were the 'old friends Fury referred to in AoU who gave him the helicarrier.")
IT'S HAPPENING! I reaaaaaally wanna be early for this one because I'm from the same country Jack Warner is from and have a few relevant questions for once
&gt; your brother's step-uncle's neighbor Wouldn't that also be your step uncle's neighbour?
I love this idea because Kate Bishop.
I'd say that's not a coincidence at all, no.
Yeah. I think so too. He committed mass genocide in Hong Kong... why exactly? ...in fact, that's totally not surprising at all. I could see that happening in real life
Well. Now we have [HOUND](http://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/38fdyl/this_is_insane/).
Yo. Note 4?
No. Ugh. Jesus. You missed my point completely. I was trying to say these synopses give me belly laughs like those comedies do.
I loved S3 in general so whatevs, bro
Do you think it was coincidence that the Russians in Daredevil were named Vladimir and Anatoly? Lol. But seriously. Gotta see Anatoly come back to Arrow. And we most likely will, since the next thing we'll see is probably Oliver join the Russian mob.
Chalk up Rochev being there to Early Installment Weirdness. There was also a name on the list that ended up being a metahuman in Central City.
They're using 4chan and Tumblr and complaining when they find content stolen from Reddit.
Or an episode of a procedural show... WHOA, IS BARRY ON THE PLANE?
yes
&gt;Don't like But yeah that scene was great and everyone in the theatre laughed when he made that self-assuring face like "yeah. I'm badass"
Pity upvote. :P
Someone posted in /r/Arrow (or /r/flashtv) that Jaden was cast as Static Shock and literally all the article said was that Tyler James Williams (who is awesome btw) said Jaden might make a good Static. But people didn't read the article and started freaking out anyway
Nope. Hayley is older. By about 2 months lol EDIT: I'm an idiot
Eh. Tried to make a bad joke. He's the uncle of the [Hobgoblin](/spoiler). And he's a character we know is gonna stay dead. Oh well.
Ugh. I know you aren't trying to be rude or offensive, but that was rude/offensive. You should work on that.
Wow, we'd have almost all the likeable characters involved in the political story on one side.
We're not gonna miss you, lol
I was born via C section (suck it, Macbeth) and I am extremely close to my mom. No way was it done because of any kind of ulterior motive. I guess maybe they showed it that way because they didn't really want to humanize her mom and I understand why.
Wow, I never thought of comparing them and scoffed when OP said they have a similar look but this... wow
&gt; he acknowledges it in his current tweets ....how
It's a beautiful name, yes!
She's 16.
No, that would still be cool.
Can you PM what it is?
I had to Google that.
So no Don Cheadle?
Eh. That's pretty risky honestly. I think Sun is gonna get out of prison via some kind of legit means. Maybe nearer the end of Season 2.
Lito's story was basically a Mexican action film, Kala's was a Bollywood love story, Capheus' was a Kenyan action film, Will and Nomi were basically in a conspiracy movie. Like you said, Sun is straight out of LMN just with a different setting. Wolfgang was in a mafia movie... in Germany. In the end, Riley's story is the hardest to define.
Oh God if this guy does an AMA for... Expendables 4 (?) he is so screwed
They have good shows
Yeah, it's all different stuff I guess. Makes no sense to compare
Okay continue to be bitter and I'll continue to enjoy a fandom.
It's actually okay. It's a double. It looks nothing like her. I thought it might be a double, since the actress is an actual Bollywood actress and doing a nude scene like that can cause controversy she doesn't need for her career. I know I'm getting downvoted but guys. She's like a sister to me. 😭
Kala is absolutely gorgeous and she's the purest and most innocent character on the show. That's always something I tend to love in characters. Capheus has some of that too.
*Frank Underwood voice* Power.
Statham wasn't in that scene, so I guess that's his justification for that.
[I didn't know Chris Tucker Live was an MCU installment!](http://puu.sh/ik73i/e09a2e388a.jpg)
&gt; Cameo from David Tennant's Purple Man Well we are yet to see the events of Jessica Jones. Who knows, he might die.
HELL YES
Meh. I didn't hate it. Honestly. Also they can still make it work.
VERY WRONG. VERY!!!!!!!
Ugh. There's a difference.
HAH. Yeah. :P But in all seriousness, it was a fantastic arc. And her dad is cool. :)
These are real?!?!?!! Amazing! :D
It wouldn't be the first time. We're sensitive because people think they're inferior.
True that, my man
I kinda meant Nomi's mom
They told me. It was the bus turning and slamming into the bike and the airbrushed Van Damme 'kicking'the Superpower guy off the bike
Too soon.
OH SHIT. MY LIFE IS A LIE. Oh holy crap. Time to download Safari.
Still... That doesn't give him the excuse. He's pretty much a monster to me but he can be redeemed.
I always forget how entertaining that episode was. People always cite it when hating on Gatiss and, while it's probably his weakest, it's still pretty fun! I'm starting to appreciate Series 2 in general a lot more.
Terrific
Ugh. Absolutely. It's like they forgot to give her any redeeming qualities. Like we see flashbacks with Alex, Healy, Pennstatucky, Red and other characters we were supposed to hate and we suddenly began sympathising. Cindy's flashbacks just made me like her less.
But this stemmed from the show
ahhhh okay. I just don't think he'd disappear and go on the run like that
The other guy is me. And I actually think the version he used is better. I think the mods of this sub shouldn't use the tags that you see in the sidebar (that I used) and implement the ones that /r/marvelstudios, /r/FlashTV, etc. use
Why would you want to go there? The FPH people are going there.
So... How are they going to afford Barry?
truth
Wow that's actually a really lovely way to be introduced into the faith. For curiosity, why didn't you tell your parents though? Didn't want to burden them?
I think the low budget feel of it was great. I loved the scene.
That's definitely it. Source: Am Naps boy.
I remember something on Daily Show
ok, fam
Yeah it's true. Still pushed a child out of a window though. That said. I love him and he's one of my favourites on the show
I can't believe I'm saying this but the methheads are pretty great in this episode
No. They warn you at the top of the page
http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/WhatKindOfLamePowerIsHeartAnyway
Don't worry, Stick is going to train her. Heard the dude's like 99.
This needs to be it's own post.
I think this was the first death on the show that truly topped that
Oh Jesus Christ. Wait, does this mean Shona doesn't get to finish her Game of Thrones marathon? :'(
God, I really thought this was gonna happen. And now Arya is probably Matt Murdock'd up, Jon is probably dead and life sucks
Nice that he and Polly got a good thing going though. That's nice.
&amp;#3232;_&amp;#3232; Oh my gosh, well that's awful
I know that. But I still felt sorry for her. In fact I take it back. Nobody deserves that.
That said, there's still a lot in common between the two characters I think. I hope some day, there's a Netflix Original crossover special or short or something (non-canon) where Matt Murdock is the lawyer of one of the inmates and Frank visits Litchfield.
Have you seen the series?
That dude was probably the only major guy in her life who ever treated her with some dignity...
Ew, don't say that about Justin Bieber
I need this in my life.
Eh. I don't think that's sexist. It's a generalisation for sure (which isn't good) but not a serious one.
Also, ya know, she was pregnant.
That would be great!
OH CRAP. FORESHADOWING. Oh dear God no please
His childhood seemed similar enough to Fisk's.
But she kept her other secrets pretty well!
Wow! Cool!
Someone took a bite from the bottom as well as the side
what
what. time to nope the heck out of my country. Nah. Jk. We aren't in the running. Australia still wins
Haha. Those last few episodes coming up to the end were amazing
Also Agent Blake (from Item 47). UGH. Ikr! But it probably won't be happening. :( Another thing is that the TV series have a bit of crossover with each other. Interestingly AoS seems to be a tier above Agent Carter and Daredevil as they both retroactively react to/reference AoS (Creel and Faustus) but it isn't a two way street. Similar to AoS and the movies.
Yeah I don't like it either. If you just say "Who's your favourite Doctor?" they might not know what you're talking about.
I live for Coulson at the front.
I sincerely hope May has a niece or nephew by marriage that calls her "Aunt May" even though her name is Melinda
I might, thanks!
I think I do this, just without the expectation of reciprocated feelings. And I'm pretty outright with my feelings too. I just like to have friends. Like basically the last panel happened to me but I didn't go into a hissy fit about it or even talk about my disapproval with her. Like, some of my other friends knew the heartbreak but I never used it to guilt trip
They aren't.
But. Italian dude said, "You Christopher?"
Sigh. Yeah, I think I really woke up to the characters this season. I hate Morello, Bennett and Piper and love Pennstatucky and Alex. Wow.
Ah, okay I see what you mean now. Sorry. But you could have at least used a less condescending term than "kid gloves"
&gt; good console You have now been banned from /r/pcma-- oh wait. Joking aside, yeah. PS2 really was good.
Wow, my friend pays about a third of that price for the same speed and unlimited. :( EDIT: Third world country too btw.
Wow, I see how what I said could have been misinterpreted. I meant there's a logical explanation for Black Widow not being in the pic, not there's a logical explanation for complaining.
What.
Somehow the writers on other shows I watch seem more prominent. Maybe because the subject matter of the shows are generally more nerdy
I use the apps, but there are several reasons. Gold features are one.
and a vision softly creeping, left its seeds while i was sleeping
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mLm7ZAJUe5o
/r/PersonOfInterest
That's pretty cool, actually. The only reason I laughed was because when I opened the photo on RES, the bus' edge looked jagged because the photo was zoomed out. No anti-aliasing lol
like mine. :(
Or "Reading The Final Hours of Portal 2"
Everyone is going for the 18-49 demographic
how could they possibly not adapt such a major plot point into the show?
IIRC, Xbox 360 ran at 720p. PS3 ran at 1080p but not without some scaling I think
Nah, you're gonna have to settle with being Electro. Also fun fact: my parents almost named me Dillon.,
His tweets and posts seems surprisingly... teenagery. I like it.
stayin alive
I thought you said Zoe Ball at first and got so confused.
I loved that movie when I was 7 omg. I wonder if it holds up.
That one clip of Marshal's moment of desperation always made me crack up whenever they pulled it out.
Oh. Hmm. EDIT: But how exactly would max help the corporation make money?
It's not.
Maria. It's okay, i get mixed up with the names too sometimes. Once mixed up Viserys Targaryen for Varys in Game of Thrones. Haha. I always remember Maria though because her actress has a part in Person of Interest.
No, it's not that. It's people on not even 700 Club. Normal Christian shows. Like where normal Christian kids say they're ridiculed and called "Jesus freaks". I always thought that wasn't serious but once my (agnostic) friend from the US casually said someone was a "Jesus freak" and I was really disturbed. Like. That's pretty offensive. :/
Without the mask though, right?
In the MCU she's kinda too young to be his ex. That sucks but her being played by Adrianne Palicki more than makes up for it.
You should get it on the XB1 unless you're interested in building a good PC. Which you should be. :P
/u/DuHasst123 walked right into that one.
My friend has a 2K monitor that is 4:3 I believe. Though that wouldn't really be 2K
&gt;cost the same price Well there's your problem. He's wrong, but you can't provide firsthand evidence considering your Mac has lower specs than your PC. :P
That was the only thing I thought about, lol
Of course! When it's 2 AM and you're with friends and your friend has a 56" screen and Halo 4 and lots of salty snacks, that's living the dream just as much as playing a game on the PC!
Yeah, but they're not really going to get a movie on their own like the original lineup got two of.
To be fair a form like this should be PC.
Yeah that's exactly what I was trying to say lol
RemindMe! 3 days
&gt; the truth is he's probably never even been to Harrenhall and knows nothing of it or what Arya did there. ...oh shit. Okay wow this changes everything for me. I understand now. It didn't have to be him at all! I think it was, though, and when he took his own life for the Faceless God, Shona (the other Faceless Man who took Jaqen's face) became the one in charge. And blinded Arya. Which means she's screwed
&gt; Rhaegar of course would be Kit Harrington with silver hair dye or wig Heeeey, gottem
The Dawson Casting is real on Daredevil. Elden is 38 and Foggy is around 27.
&gt; budget That's the deciding factor here.
There's a new movie about this coming out called Max. It looks good.
Yeah I'll do that. I actually considered this before and went with this option.
Why isn't this getting more attention?! This is awesome!
I love it.
Ummm maybe try to recall the points I brought up earlier?
It's Mads so
Ah. Lenovo IdeaPad. I have the Y510P. And that was so satisfying. HOWEVER. My friend had the same laptop and he did this and the FREAKING BACKPLATE CAME OUT. He had to ship it back and get it replaced.
It's still way better than anything I could contribute to this subreddit.
The universe is rarely so lazy.
I went to bed around 6 something, but that was mostly because of Undertale
I'm so glad you used the "/s" there
Thing is that Sherlock spent the two years he was "dead" dismantling that network. I think it's a group of "Moriarties" in a sense. Going along with the show's common theme of hiding in plain sight, a group of criminal masterminds that Moriarty is a part of
Ahhhh I see. Maybe I'll try it now.
Change that to 50-something and make it Craig Ferguson. You've got a deal.
He's going to attempt to finish Agent Carter before Season 2 starts. I think if he catches up in time, there will also be Jessica Jones synopses and perhaps a couple movie synopses (which of course Coulson will be in). There will not be any Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. synopses until the show comes back. Then Season 3 and Season 1 synopses for AoS will resume.
I saw your post. It's completely baseless. Someone else realised someone might try tinyurl so they put that there to troll
It's because a comic like that might cost a couple thousand bucks whereas a film will inherently cost millions as well as confuse audiences. The closest you might get is what happened after the Sherlock episode yesterday. You saw John and Sherlock rushing to a crime scene at the same time as the main characters from Luther and The Fall. They banter for about a minute with what admittedly looks like chroma key and body doubles. Then it ends.
Again (I said this in another thread), Crystal Skull started setting up passing the torch but ultimately subverted it. I don't see how people get a 'passing the torch' vibe at all from that movie.
Not just that. He's actually pretty fond of Indy
It's wrong because a lot of people are portraying her in this negative light because her body is a certain way and she's aged.
we know
I did like it yeah, but I don't think it's as good as Force Awakens.
Hahaha indeed. Pshhh. I'm here as an observer. I'm not smart enough to mine for clues. I'm just playing Undertale frightened out of my mind
Imagine Season 4 being Secret Warriors with Season 1 callbacks galore. I'd love it.
Sucks that some people don't care about the shows because each show is unique and strictly non-formulaic.
When you said "run button" I didn't realise you meant FLEE and thought there was a sprint button I didn't know about. Thought it was Skyrim all over again.
Someone on Tumblr wrote a pretty nice write-up on why her being resurrected was a good choice storywise. Can't find it though. :/
Hayley could do it! She's already deleted her Twitter account! :(
I'm pretty sure that's not canonical and is just used as a framing device for the multiplayer.
You dumbass. The Zimbabwean dollar was introduced in the 1980s
Holy crap
Gannon is Flowey confirmed
A millennium??? How do you figure?
Your maths is wrong.
Noooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!! 3 billion or flop! /s
The worst ending
