&gt; looks down to check what balls they have
I heard it as "My work is tearing out, peep yee-a-laut"
curves right in to a BGH
i did still feel sorry for the axe
"Some Skeels for me"
http://www.reddit.com/r/DotA2/comments/1st1a4/look_closely_to_lunas_eye_isnt_it_eclipses_icon/
active the first few weeks of new season and slowly dies down until the next season.
expected title to be '5 reasons to join ti5'
&gt; ravenholft assissin A+
on the flip side, catching up in LoL is astronomically easier. like, in dota a level 1 , 50 minutes into the game, can get to level 10-12 in 5 minutes, but in league, you get from level 1-&gt;10 in like 10 seconds (few creep kills). However, on the flip side of that, if someone does abandon, 4v5 is way harder than in dota.
why did he stash the refresher orb before, and after he used it
Still unplayable in competitive. It's a 9 mana 9/7 that does nothing the turn it's played. High cost cards need to impact the game immediately to stay competitive. U spend a turn dropping a 9/7 with no taunt I'll just go face.
man lol guys so butthurt. how about you guys think about it this way. $10 is a donation to blizzard, a token of appreciation, don't expect anything in return, but just as a bonus, you get an alternate portrait. you're not forced to buy it, just buy it to support the game just like how you would donate to a streamer and the streamer gives you custom chat emotes.
well there you have it, a redditor who instabought all 3 alternate heroes
Bloodseeker is easily #1. i remember when bs first came out in dota1 it was the most mayhem in clueless pubs. Rupture has got to be the most unintuitive skill to face against. "I'm running away and he's not doing anything how am i taking damage! I'm running even more, i'm still being hurt, what's happening" and was easy godlikes for bloodseeker the first week of release. tough times. Abaddon is likely #2 for unintuitive, hitting him heals him when ult procs (but you don't know that if your'e clueless).
protecting a minion is like protecting your face. if you lose when ur 0/9 minion dies the experience is going to be similar with just having 9 life to begin with.
i feel like any golden rare is harder than a legendary. i have less golden rares than i have legendaries
&gt; Secret deck: facing another secret deck solution, queue your secret deck with 2 kezan mystics, or murloc deck with hungry crabs
Works out fine, play d3 for couple weeks when new patch, then hearthstone new expansion , play hearthstone, then dota new patch, play dota, then starcraft new patch - play starcraft... then... d3 new patch again!
but then they 'bribe' us with special perks like "extra cosmetics" or "pre-order trophy" etc to entice us
i might get a paladin skin since it's the only class i play
this mitigates the issue for legendary properties that have no range. smk/dod is a good example. however for those that do: Incense torch, Furnance, etc, the amount of min maxing on that will be even higher. (suddenly your 41% ancient furnace is garbage now, ur going to keep hunting for a 50% one)
another buff to demon hunters
the opposite of what their approach is in hearthstone
no kidding, since most of the positions are back back side (db/systems) area which is probably the biggest constraint for more deck slots.
helltoothhhhhhhhhhhhh anyway the manajuma movement speed boost looks handy for bounty farming; wd arent very mobile
face hunter im not sure but flamewaker mage is great due to the synergy with flamewaker and stuff like mirror image, antonidas, etc. i dont think anyone can argue that spamming bananas with flamewaker is heaps of fun
should be same as 'hidden score like casual' the question is if winning brawl affects your casual hidden score or is it separate, and if it is separate does it affect the future week's brawl
nice write up i totally forgot about echoing ooze
seems great if they release a new expansion after the Dota Internationals are over
In my opinion after playing both the biggest difference is the Tower and TP mechanics. There are no tp's in league which is huge to get used to. Towers in league also do a ton more damage but also are way squishier. the end result is that with no tp and squishy towers, split pushing becomes a real deal, and passive play is not bad. (I've had players tell me 'get out of my lane' 30 minutes into the game; in dota the laning phase ends after 10 minutes)
One more quick experiment, when you win one against a rank 15 opponent, how much legend ranks do you go up?
na just need 1 win, see if u go up like 0 ranks, 1 rank, or 5 or w/e
hahaha that's awesome
question- does the games before 30 matter at all when determining rank post 30? like for example a fresh account with 90% win rate stomping everyone, and wins 10/10 provisional matches , versus a fresh account with 40% win rate, wins 10/10 provisional matches?﻿
i liked this week's brawl's theme/idea; it allowed some cards to be stronger (flamewaker, violet teacher, mirror image, questing adventurer) and it was insane pushing those cards to the limits. great fun. the only tragedy is that those said cards were already strong in the meta to begin with, but the concept is great and i'd love to see more sleeper cards to be abusable.
batrider tier 5 how the mighty have fallen
3-12 naix calling everyone out, classic
Stonesinger: does he still have half life? also, time to go back to wd, finally
depends how much you want boom, but here's the dusting priority -cairne is shit so dust him for sure (piloited sky golem is better anyway) -bolvar is mostly shit and paly specific, safe dust -onyxia is ok but w/e dustable -deathwing is actually pretty good and u should keep him, so dust the 3 above
why would i reroll 40g quests in the first place. alot of them are easy to finish (like win 2 for 40g, versus win 5 for 60? really)
every druid is ramp druid. wild growth and innervate are bascially auto includes
ur username tho
nah u can just use tokens at that point. in mtg u make copies of cards all the time and u represent it with a token (can be anything, like a coin, blank card, tortilla chip, etc)
expected 5 power overwhelmings
1 damage to face would definitely be nice, cuz then it would fit into a not-yet-viable spellpower mage deck
that clip was a great include, but it's best as a 'bonus' clip, which is a common edit done in these type of videos
Great question. This question comes up often but if you really think about your turn progression it'll make sense. Consider these paths: Coining WG: T1 - Coin WG T2 - 3 T3 - 4 T4 - 5 = Druid of the Claw Pass, WG to get Druid of the Claw- T1 - 1 T2 - 2, WG T3 - 4, coin = 5 = Druid of the Claw As you can see here, The latter gets you Druid of the Claw 1 turn earlier. Hope this helps.
it's a good concept but would have to have its stats adjusted. since the deathrattle is very positive in this case, it would need lower stats so it's a shit standalone creature until it dies (like sylvanas)
your comment is flawed as well. It's much more devastating for the enemy to get blingtron when you play it because you get to act on your turn, potentially killing the enemy. If you get the cursed blade you can prepare accordingly so you don't get killed. it's the reason why majordomo is bad when the enemy kills it and kills you, yet there are times when people kill their own majordomo to use the hero power for lethal.
never heard of a paladin card called 'obvious'
cast corruption is the best one, and the mechanic already exists on one of the blackrock mountain guys
wow 2 confessor in arena
my main deck, thx for guide
in MTG terms it would be more akin to an "Enchantment" effect, or 'artifact'
i love how polite they are to each other. all around very selfless and just saying 'my bad' all around for every mistake.
ui_main02 was the best one. expected to sound like bilgewater (which is great too) but actually sounds more of epic music
pretty sure it does since common/uncommon items are more likely to drop than rare and arcana unless those chest items will never get added to loot table then yea
spellslinger into mass dispel
Gay'est Kuardian At the end of your turn, return to the closet. ^^sorry
obligatory "vids or it didn't happen"
musterfuse - 3 mana - summon 4 1/1's, give your opponent a mana crystal
na, 'combos' with ashbringer on turn 9 after ur tirion died on 8. won't replace your ashbringer and the extra mana doesn't matter
man i freaking love threads that have "What's the best play" in them.
pls up numbers for scorch/lightning/frozen orb runes
lol pudge still died to teh sf ult
reverse question - will a regular anyfin can happen summon golden murlocs that died?
expected the 'carry oracle 1.2 BAT infographic'
it's only bad luck if your deck you're playing is unfavored against them. most top constructed decks these days are designed to have a positive win rate against secret paladins so you'll WANT to face them in fact.
caldesann is a play on the word candlesan which is wyatt's twitter handle
brothers dota ftw also good to see 3 from NIP doing well
TREE OF LIFE
GAR WOLEM
the irony is that u can already do this to a disconnected wisp by sunstriking the exact spawn location after respawing
oddshot LOL that was like the worst. oddshot was used in so many other subreddits normally and reynad who already has his own website and channel with plenty of exposure, is the one bitching about it. AND had a huge upvote too. Poor devs at oddshot had to come out and apologize and try to cater their business model around his special case.
i'm pretty sure the mod said 'dozens of times' wasn't referring to you quitting the game, but just calling people out in general.
which one is lyrical, i thought he was black
zeus sets plx his model is done already
asking the real questions
well in that vein, should type "Come on" instead of "C'mon"
don't worry maybe they'll make an aggro version of reno. 'if only 1 card of each in your deck, deal 10 damage to the enemy's face'
aggro priest and lock and load/miracle? hunter
quite possibly the worst farmer in the game. i cant' think of anyone worse tbh
what would be the chances of killing him if he hadn't drawn the last missile? b) how about the chances if he doesn't attack with apprentice
yea i mean't the chance that it doesn't wipe the enemy board but the missiles go face
thanks! this made sense.
you'd be surprised at some of the math whiz on reddit who can take a fraction of time to get the answer i've done combinatorics myself but i make alot of mistakes so i didn't want to give a wrong answer
man shit i knew the answer had to be fairly simple, but the 'minions dying and targets disappear' threw me off guard. but in reality it doesn't even matter because you just calculate total combinations that include 25 missiles hitting the face. duh! well done. now that being said 22% seems awfully high. everytime i cast a avenging wrath, timepiece of doom etc, it ALWAYS seems to clear the board.
srsly. i prob average ~6/7 ish but sometimes i just get 0-1 wins cuz i drafted a poor deck, go on tilt, and just want to get it over with asap.
surprised to see BGH ommitted. it's probably the most ubiquitous tech card and is used to widely to counter boom. anyway flare isn't half bad against secret paladin. it's actually devastating if you hit a few secrets before turn 6. it also cycles itself too.
in a technical sense, that's correct. however for meme's sake it's 'infinite value' because meme's are generally funny because they're incorrect
really comparable to stormwind champion. 6/6, give other minions +1 +1 aura, or 4/3, give other minions permamently +1+1, but if it sticks around, you can do it again. particulary good with paly and shaman hero powers because it buffs the token spawned
doesn't even need to be inverse. just two random rolls is fine. 'deal 2-4 damage. summon 2-4 imps.'
reminds me of Innistrad expansion for MTG
in hs, the attacker choose what target to attack. in mtg, attacker just 'attacks' and defender choose what to defend with. this means your 1 hp minions can't just get sniped. but ur 5/1 magma rager can just there and trade into a yeti if he decides to attack with yeti. that being said his yeti probably won't even choose to attack cuz u have a 5/1.
unranked guy is obviously challenger mmr
why is abaddon picked so often now? i remember when noone picked him except ppd rarely.
this is also why some inspire cards played on curve isn't that bad. they really go out of their way to remove it, and if they don't then the extra value is huge.
this is awesome, but what would be even more awesome is a link to the timestamp on the music video that aligns with the legendary entrance theme for example: Tirion Fordring https://youtu.be/YCQsUVZDo8o?t=1m54s
It's honestly not bad at all. Obviously the cons are the challenger player doesn't get to play much of better people but here are the pros: -Challenger player gets to experience what it's like to carry 4 other people. I mean really carry. Part of being a pub star is being able to really lift the heavy weights. Imagine if the pub star managed to carry plats against a pro player. he will get noticed and break out into the pro scene. It's also good practice in situations where your team is doing poorly and you need to take the game into your own hands. -Lesser people get a chance to play with pros/semi pros, it's like an honor! Fanboyism to the max. Though some obnoxious pro players can still piss of anyone (eternalenvy is a good example) That being said, the problem can be mitigated if you change to a more populated/skilled region. Think - queueing on korea server for better players and even games. Tradeoff is ping but the option is there. Lastly, the "+1 point / -49 point" games are really unfair and we will see some complaints on reddit from time to time.
don't worry, they'll have a option where you can pay 50 more gold to draft all golden cards.
Tab for WD stuff Tab for Wiz stuff Tab for Monk stuff Tab for Barb/Crus/DH stuff Tab for gems/jewels/mats etc Tab for nostalgic legacy gear (like old set/legendaries, unidentified hoplons, unidentified tradable ivory tower)
u can't queue as 4 but i meant if the challenger was solo qing
you'd be surprised. the famous highest mmr EU player has had games where he picks a support (Rubick), goes mid with it, and carries the game. he doesn't 1v5, but provides a decent amount of damage and insane amount of utility.
almost as much as level 1 ogre magi
took me too long to get this. i kept pronouncing it "Tworion" like "twirling"-&gt;"twirl-ion", like whirling zap o matic (also a mech 2 drop), and couldn't see the joke.
nyx is a skillshot hero. if i wanted to play skillshots i'd play league ^^kappa
BEEN FARMING THIS FOR SO LONG , NO DICE. BUT GOT AN ANCIENT TWISTED SWORD TO DROP, SWEET. ...MFW 128 (125-150) DAMAGE% ON PASSIVE ROLL.
for that set bonus that summons all companions, and the item that gives a bonus for each companion you have out
the best set to use ashbringer would be tal rasha/meteor build. since tal rasha multiplies all damage, that also multiplies the ashbringer effect, dealing insane damage! with 2 handers, meteor works wonders, since it hits harder and costs less AP over time.
question, does unstable not proc if you get 1 shot? so many times i die cuz of 1 shot but unstable was available
not bad, you even managed 15 kills that's impressive.
Is it solo queue and dynamic queue like they said yesterday? Or still dynamic queue and rank 5 teams?
eb has a 6 second cooldown and is awkward to use as primary damage dealer in sustained fights.
i love the enthusiasm every time he beats a high gr/ rank 1. even if it's early on and he'll have to do it again.
jeez, wand of woh and ancient deathwish, i'd rather be in your position honestly. IN-geom isn't absolutely necessary, it's just nice. you will do fine with using aether walker. your EB cooldown will not be reduced, but you can use other aoe skills like fire blizzard to complement. aether walker is of course more consistent since you won't be blocked by weak density.
glad ur enjoying it, i used it last season. this season i'm enjoying the wand of woh / ingeom wizard build. I did use tal/ingeom, skilling explosive blast in season 3 though so it's a similar experience, but with cube now, being able to cube nemesis and ingeom while equipping woh is an awesome touch. also disregard the comments about 'competitive'. if you look at profiles of all top players, they have 2 characters- one for pushing difficult GR's, one for speed farmings. yours is a farming build so the build is legit. BTW Soul harvest - +movement speed rune is probably better than armor.
link to said in-geom? if the passive is not 10s reduction, cube the ingeom then. for wizards you really want 10s reduction cuz teleport is on 11 sec cd. otherwise you can just do anything. you can cube wow, or choose not to, cube furnace, triumvirate, use explosive blast still, wave of force, or a regular build. ingeom is really just good for making teleport 1 second cd.
ive seen some tals builds on PTR that cubed vizier for a meteor build. you probably wouldn't want to wear vizier anymore now that theres such strong 1h/offhand abilities now. power hungry is a popular group passive now so maybe you can try Star Pact build.
not sure if ur searching hard (or easy) enough because my literal first search into youtube 'wizard energy twister' brings up a bunch https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=wizard+energy+twister you can also add season 5 on there, or filter by last month. if you want a specific video, quin69's gr 80 clear was posted here yesterday https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bm_SNA6Tifo
this is the group build. quin's stream literally has that build streaming 99% of the time. it's braindead easy though, u just um, spam energy twister. you have infinite mana with power hungry/health globe support.
as lux main i actually prefer they leave lux as is. but sure go ahead and change anyone else, heh
50 newly designed heroes would make it in before pit lord
interesting that dmo is brought up. i felt that dmo is one of the most forgiving GR builds to exist, mainly due to the slow time giving so much utility against annoying shit. like enemies who shoot all these fireballs or arrows- dodging them is a ton easier.
thats why you never show them GR leaderboard vids. u show them speed farm builds. for thorns sader u show them a vid where you afk stand somewhere, anything that hits u gets 1 shotted. now that's appealing. hype it up like 'ok so theres this gg REFLECT DAMAGE build'
noz just needs a straight up rework.
i've seen this ability come up often and most of the time that ability is responded to threads like 'what card would cost 10 mana overload 10?" which is funny cuz in MTG taking extra turn only costs 5 mana. (used to cost 2 roflmao) and it's balanced at 5. (why? cuz in mtg you don't automatically gain a mana crystal per turn, you have to play it from your hand, so you can potentially gain a turn without doing shit and have a hand clogged with a 5 mana card. that and enemies can play stuff during your turn)
no, because it costs 4 mana. if keeper was a 3 mana 3/3 it would be way too strong but it's fine as is.
he could have rebirthed so checking hours is inaccurate now
burst priest is really a thing? stood out to me
no. if you have seen previous seasons, 4 man groups has ALWAYS been 3 support + 1 dps. Wizard is literally the first time to be that dps. in the past it's usually DH or barb.
dat only 1 gold ironbark though
&gt; Shamans hero power is awful. 2/4 totems (flame so ur saying paladin's hero power is worse. (esp in decks without quartermaster). funny thing is i've seen shamans pick paladin hero power on sir finley.
i would much rather have a map counterspelled than a big useful spell (like swipe, flamestrike, brawl etc)
i might be in the minority but a quick way to help this problem is - remove elemental roll on bracer. i kind of hate to pidgeon hole to always roll elemental on bracer, then have a ton of bracers for each element of each bracer depending on build (slight exaggeration but point still stands)
only complaint is set dungeons and wished fire/lightning arcane orb runes got a little love stash space (only 1 tab) on conqueror is kinda annoying, if it was a full stash (5 tabs) then it'd be fine everything else is solid
frozen orb is viable. only issue is with the new Unstable Scepter, frozen orb and scorching orb both don't benefit as much from the double explosion, because those runes explode at the end of the travel path, not at mouse cursor, so you don't always get the benefit of the explode that being said i still use it a fair amount personally for fun. it's not as quick as Woh builds but it's not terrible and still fun
increased atk speed affects my Mammoth Hydra damage, or firebird burn damage. -yes Does a 1.0 speed weapon with 200 damage cause as much damage with firebird burn as a 2.0 speed weapon with 100 damage? -firebird burn is based on damage dealt, weapon speed is irrelevant. however a slower weapon will do more damage if casting an aoe like blizzard. faster weapon will not cause blizzard to tick faster. Do blizzard aoes stack? Which aoe does stack? -no. mammoth hydra stacks. How many times does an arcane orb "hit" with the different runes? Does lightning hit three times? (1. air zappies, 2. hitting things with the orb, 3. final orb explosion) -air zaps hit everything around it, functions similar to frozen orb, it's really just a fancy aoe spell. lightning rune has no extra 'hitting things with orb' counter part, only the explosion. so overall answer is: arcane orbs only hit once, the other runes hit twice (during travel, and explosion). despite that, the arcane runes are actually the best with unstable scepter though. When channeling with disintegrate, will your arcane power run out faster with a faster weapon? Does this mean slower weapons are better for it? -yes. that being said, this season you should still use deathwish/twisted sword with heregraph's binding. but if you're just starting any 2h will do.
you kind of answered your own question. if you are clearing 76 with shitty rifts, then you can clear 80+ with good ones. You can also add the caldesann's despairs for more main stat. if you want advice, then i suggest you pray to RNGesus, just like as if you were playing hearthstone
5 mana 5/5, divine shield. whenever baneslayer deals damage, gain that much life. Immune to dragons.
just tried mine, worked fine. 4 verified players unrelated, but on 'other players' mine came up as first.
it's not bad per se, but undertuned. once upon a time on PTR, firebird was wildly overpowerd, capable of GR 95+ the stats were: +100% per white enemy burning, +1500% for each elite burning. now it's +25% per white enemy and +600% per elite, to 1 max.
so why do people play 1 more than 2 similarly, how come more people play maplestory 1 more than 2
invoker, dp, spectre, aether lens OP. fuck iron talon, legion commander, invoker heroes that can't high ground are bad, (e.g. QOP) even if you go 10-0 doesn't mean u won the game sf, qop pick rate fell off a cliff
i spent 15k shards trying to gamble an alt wiz source using my WD main few seasons ago. None of them were legendary. At first i thought i was super unlucky but i think it was just a bug ( i believe it's fixed now) edit: https://www.reddit.com/r/Diablo/comments/26celc/has_anyone_gambled_a/ got called 'retarded' for attempting this as well. thought it was rude since alot of people gamble for other characters, not having to switch can help save time in speed runs
i do this all the time even without using shift click
" This means 40% of every person who played an online video game on the entire planet played L1. " i actually find this hard to believe. i know alot more people who played wow than L1. even if 99% of koreans played l1 korea isn't a large country.
having farmed for deaths breaths a ton it's actually like this. without sages set, deaths breath run out slightly faster than other mats. with sages set, the other mats (mainly whites) run out faster than death breath. source: upgraded about 200 wands, 36 regular unstable scepters, 37th one was ancient. An ancient wand of woh dropped for me before obtaining ancient unstable scepter.
diana so few skins
Jokes on you. my arena run was going to be 0-3 but keeper gave me 3 extra wins
random question, can you queue with unranked friends who have plat+ elo/was plat last season but now doing placements?
not to be rude but when i first learned about API the wiki entry was the worst possible explanation of what an API is for someone unfamiliar with the term. which is ironic cuz wiki is usually really good. ELI5: api is just a way to get data that contains stats. stats like your match history, rank, collection, best arena key, etc. /u/fedorascope
Shield - Shield of infinite depth. +Primary roll +100% damage to fan of knives. Each enemy hit by fan of knives increases your damage by 5% and increases your damage reduction by 15%. Stacks up to 4 times.
&gt; only 2 weeks into a season? this is average/standard. me and my friends get really hyped up every season, and splurge play for about 1-2 weeks, then finish. 2 weeks is enough to play 99% of the season's content - get mostly ancients, leaderboards rank 900-1000, season journey etc.
idc i love the modern casts. they're hilarious. throwback to the 2 legendary starcraft2 casters artosis and tasteless, they were widely heralded as the best casting duo because not only were they great analytically, they had good skill in fillers, which included private stories/jokes and such
used to pronounce abaddon ABA-don, but it's actually aBADdun.
golden thoughsteal is the only good golden i pulled in the past 3 months, awesome value card in golden.
is it not possible to get 2 of the same golden in a ranked reward chest?
what happened to Darnassus Aspirant inclusion in druid? Upon release it was hyped to be better than wild growth and often u run both, but now it's getting cut. why is that the case?
but i thought the consensus was priest shits on zoo and aggro decks
woah how did light in the darkness get 78 at first. it's considerably worse than raven idol and journey below. Call of the wild should be 200 kappa.
Yeah like why does adc role have to be ranged marksman anyway? Why can't it be any carry with a support, say like Yasuo.
INB4 CHINA DUMPSTERED AT MAJOR AGAIN. WINGS LAST PLACR
sometimes in arena u need a removal and a 8 mana deadly shot ends up getting the job done. i would still play it over boogeymonster.
why is it lorestalker, not lorewalker?
yea xcept u have to play against w33 and misery though
expected redemption on the weblord, bringing it back, so he can't play the crab for 1 mana
did u just rage quit in a 4v4 cuz the cc wasn't centered yet you centered it immediately?
dude man i literally lost a game last week cuz i thought darkshire would buff 1 health murlocs with a warleader on a board, nope i was wrong. got wrecked.
the deaths come from solo pushing overextending and dying to gank. then rinse and repeat. he'll trade 3 lives for a tower.
kripp: "shoudla played doomcaller" when enemy just dropped a secret. iono man mirror entity wulda been throwing the game there so it's a tough call on that play.
im just surprised they let that map with the real clear juke spots thru.
random question - does the existance of boosters make the ladder overall harder or easier? alternate wording - if suddenly all boosters would disappear, would an average person's rank go up? (or down?)
if shatter was 1 mana like execute then k
uhh yshaarj was 2 turns late, far from best circumstances. if that was his first play after astral it would be unstoppable.
ah okays. so its different than Thing from Below which stays at 0
also by blizzard, diablo 3 is my favorite gambling game; game is literally playing slot machines over and over. hearthstone is big RNG, but not the basis of the entire game like D3 is. you might wanna give d3 a shot too
this is the only way to not have to wait 3 hours for a game; matchmaking has to widen the pool of players while keeping average mmr the same. in dota it's the same way. As you climb higher and higher, after a certain point, your opponents don't get any more difficult, you get the same opponents with weaker teammates. For example- if you are a 6k mmr player, you can have an even game - 10 6k mmr players. If you are 8k mmr, you will have 4 5.5k mmr teammates, against a team of 6k players. If you are 9k, you will have 4 5k mmr teammates. (In league terms, if you are a Challenger 0 LP player, you will get a mix of low challenger and high master players. If you are a challenger 1300 LP player, you will still face a mix of challenger/master players, but have diamond teammates) no matter how big the playerbase is, at a certain percentile, this issue will always exist and cannot be solved. The price for being too damn good at the game.
maybe he's better now, but back when navi was high, there have been reddit posts on how dendi was really toxic in pubs.
slacks: "so twitch chat giving you energy works" dendi: "it REALLY works!! :D"
saw this gif but first time seeing the sub zero edit, im IN TEARS
u can always turn to warrior for control (or even shaman , see t4 deck lol)
same lol but i dont feel too bad because i know cards like nzoth, light rag, forbidden healing are not bad cards on their own so they will definitely be used down the road.
more like bane of doom imo, 1-9 mana swing (back when it was played for the chance of getting Malganis)
note that this statistic is really impressive for dota too, in the past it's around 60-80 picked instead of 90, so the balance is great right now. i think the toughest part about balancing is balancing for pubs versus pro play. There are many heroes that are just low elo stompers (think Amumu, Volibear etc) but aren't used in pro play. ok so then you say, why not just balance for pro play only? well then, the majority of the playerbase gets stuck with a hero pool with outlier win rates that can be in the 30%s because they are too good in pro play and people don't like that. (I believe Ryze had around 40% win rate when he was picked in pro play last year) Dota has a few heroes that have really low win rates that are used in pro play extensively (such as Io/wisp[35% winrate, top pick in competitive], batrider, chen), but i would say the amount of heroes in this catagory is fairly low so it doesn't disrupt pub play much. The fine line in balance is being able to balance for both pro and pub play (so steps like when they made Ryze easier to play for your average joe, but harder for pros is a step in the right direction) Ok how about the pub stompers that suck in competitive? Any time a hero reaches 55% win rate it becomes permabanned and complained about. This one is really tough too - you can make the hero harder to play perhaps, but more importantly make sure their kit isn't oppressive. Dota has 2 heroes at ~60% win rate pub, both aren't played much competitively nor high pick rate in pub, due to the nature of their kit (they are healing type heroes, but not as oppressive as soraka)
way too light on 2 drops, if you're forced to hero power on turn 2 it's a big disadvantage in arena
in case you're curious what Zed does - he is a very high skill cap hero with high outplay potential. He has two straight forward nukes, one in a line (Magnus shockwave), and one around you (QOP scream). He has 'summon shadow' like ember spirit, where you can teleport to it. The shadow also copies your abilities (popular suggestion for Ember aghs), so if you make a shadow and press nuke, you will get two nukes. His ult is like a single target Shadow demon amplify damage + blink strike - target a unit, teleport to it, takes extra damage at the end of the duration. The ult also makes a shadow so the point is you can ult, unload all your shit, and bone out.
only thing unsatisfying is the elites always live, they are so hard to kill
its funny cuz his mechanics aren't even top tier. he actually gets caught out alot.
opposite for me, too many teammates are overeager to "END" when you can't really end, enemies spawning in 10 sec. i say 'b' but they want to try to end, team gets wiped, lose game.
this was silver 1 initially, but won its best of 5 series promo
rubick half hero damage of jugg seemsGood
which is ironic. on my friends list, my highest elo friends who smurfed a silver account climbed the fastest playing support (went from silver to plat in a week with high win rate).
more like fizz got tamed, which is great
but i want to be able to micro my afk hero and play a 4.5 vs 5 like dota (random fun fact: recent professional dota game a teammate (support) dc'd permanently and the mid player controlled the support player's hero as well as his own and went on to win the game)
it's still a strong play. just started an EU account and played basic druid/mage to rank 10 and innervate yeti still puts a roadblock against shaman.
&gt; I would rather lose in the qualifiers than show up at TI and not place well. this applies to them cuz they already won alot of $. but for those who actually really want $, placing last at TI still gives you a good sum.
mfw no OG best game highlights
Actually a tier 1 team (probably best team in the world right now, they just won a major which is like LCS split), but a tier 2 tournament. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=egDApgPhLyM
See, the trick is to not say "we need tank" but to say "pick tanky". Adding an extra "y" goes a long way. There isn't a strict tank in dota but "tanky" implies durable, frontliner, so heroes like Axe, Bristleback, and Tide are examples. Condesending aside, "we need tank" is actually a legitimate drafting concern. If you look at professional drafts, all teams have some kind of frontliner/durable hero, usually an initiator, like said heroes above. "Buy a mek, that's your tank" is very ignorant.
