Buying an Impala could work.
What brought that on as they're usually doing the international cons around that time?
Which is why we should do a writers' panel.
Bad posture. It doesn't have to be ram rod straight, but stand up with your shoulders back, pick your feet up when walking (don't shuffle), and don't mumble when talking or overly apologize or be passive aggressive. It's not about being "super confident," just more about presenting yourself as being an adult who can hold adult conversations with people.
My five pound cat doesn't have the ability to judge her reactions of clawing me if I rub her the wrong wat.
They're trolls.
The Professional Left, Supernatural The Crossroads, Dead Authors Podcast,
steampunk= waterpunk was a bit of a joke. I really, really like this take on it as steampunk is so overdone and really cheesy a lot of the time.
but I don't know what I'm going to do yet.
Are we talking about Colbert or Joe Howard playing George Frankly? Honestly, I'd listen to either on NPR.
It looks like slave princess Baldrick
I'm here to chew gum and invade Poland, and I'm all out of bubblegum.
This is based on a movie from the 40s with Ingrid Bergman, Charles Boyer, and Joseph Cotten. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ToLfQU2xmg Also Angela Lansbury's first movie ever. She's like 16 here. -- I get... frustrated with this concept. My mom is constantly getting gaslighted by her husband, and even worse, she has some legitimate post-brain tumor memory issues. But he still uses her to put her down just manipulate her in order to boost his own ego. It's slightly more complicated than regular negging/downputting/emotional manipulation. The concept is that someone is actively trying to convince another person that they're insane/incapable of rational thought/emotions for their own selfish reasons.
I think context is key here. Prior to Pedowitz was Dawn Ostroff. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dawn_Ostroff Around S6-7, she was actively trying to rebrand the channel as a teenaged girls' angst channel, and pushing their more popular shows off (like SPN) to make room for that kind of market including trying to push SPN onto Friday with a very low budget in order to kill it off (part of Gamble's problems was lack of budget). That's why we got things like The Carrie Dairies. Pedowitz is directly talking about the mistakes Ostroff had made by targeting that audience, and then the rest of the world labelling/dismissing it as "a young girls' network." Yes, he could have stated it better, but that's the real point of reference here. He was trying to re-rebrand it back up to men and women (yes, back to mostly men) with SPN helping a lot on that area, but now going to more of a DC on CW channel that could be inclusive for women and men and hit the superheroes trend while it was red hot.
120 years- you think the Spanish American War just fought itself?
Jared and Jensen introduced JDM to his future wife, and they've since had a kid together. He might not be in that clique, but they're very tight. Jensen definitely sees JDM as some sort of larger than life not-quite father figure.
My cat had to spend a week at my grandma's. I finally got the cat home, we're hanging out, and I realize that she smells like grandma and not my cat. I was slightly peeved.
I totally get what you're saying- that Star Trek is the epitome of utopia scifi and should strive to be so- where all of the "problems" are external and not internal. That was actually one of the negative critiques of DS9 at the time- that it was too dark, too outside of the scope of what Roddenberry wanted to do. But we, in our culture, need the internal tension as well as the internal. We need to pluck at the threads of our assumptions and happiness in order to tell good stories. It doesn't have to be an absolute self reflecting belly button naval gazing out into the universe, but DS9 found a solid middle ground of shaking up the axioms of Trek while also solidifying those ideal tenets.
Oh I get that. but it's the weird "everything is bunnies and sunshine" world viewpoint in a movie that features a pretty kickass woman character who is both designed to be the perfect sexpot AND ALSO subverting her culture's expectations of how she should act and be solely based on how she's drawn.
Could be, but I also heard it disseminated out on the web as well somewhere. That also could have been Tiki, so I didn't want to presume it was just one person.
You mean you just have to take 5 extra minutes to rewrite something to make a plot fit the character? Like, let's see. Cole is back home from the war. He's having emotional issues, gets up from a nightmare to find the same scene. He's 23-23 at the time, capable of fighting, but just shuts down, because of the scene. Ten years later, he's back, and is completely dedicated to hunting down Dean at age.... 34 ish.
Puking on pork rings must be the absolute worst.
Ah, yes. Rosemary's Baby. The story of a mother to be carrying the anti-Christ and usher in the Apocalypse.
You're completely wrong about the interviews. TDS is completely underrated for its interviews, and one of the few shows that feature academic and authors at all on television.
Why is Samuel Colt not the gunsmith??!
If anything, Supernatural back in the day felt more like Hellblazer than Constantine did.
And the tobacco industry never engaged in propaganda
The metaphor doesn't quite work as all apples will rot on their own given enough time, and has nothing to do with ethics or morals as well. It's a simplified metaphor, but we can't take it too deep.
*Pearl of Great Price
So wait. Ned Ryerson is Gabriel?!
It's not my problem if other people don't get a parody reference and most people outside of the state aren't going to see it in the first place. Airing our dirty laundry is assinine. People already think we're homophobic rednecks who think Obama is an atheist secret Muslim Kenyan Usurper and are tots cool with Phelps. Showing people that we're not by mocking the bigotry is actually showing that we are addressing our problems by confronting them, not pretending that they don't exist. Also the bumper stickers might actually predate Brownback, but I can't remember for sure.
When has Dean ever exhibited a normal circadian rhythm?
GEDean is Sam's beta?
And They Live is a movie and not a game.
Coralville-Iowa City are so gay, they've been in a domestic relationship for decades.
Singer once laughed that he suddenly realized Genevieve and Jared were a couple during those scenes. "Jared's a good actor, but he's not that good." Also this show somehow managed to get away with some.... Ironic sex scenes with Sam and Madison, a werewolf.
Uff.. I was all for it right up until the rape/underage tags :(
"Em," said Sam, trying to work out what to say next.
Anything would be better than disquis.
As someone who had to learn English first with the smudging issue and then the Arabic alphabet later, I can attest that it's completely different and was absolutely loving how much easier and enjoyable it is not having to fight against the paper With that said, you have no idea what you're talking about, and your smug attitude about this is highly obnoxious. There are so many more issues and aspects about this topic m, and your blatant dismissal is asshole-ish at best.
So does those other countries with maternity leave.
But first you have to burn through all of your sick/vacation time before you can get fmla.
The Studfather. In this version, it's a decapitated human head in the stall
The same stats that had Kerry ahead at the polling stations in Ohio, but still had Bush winning?
We do a pretty half-assed job of it from what I"ve seen.
Harry Potter didn't actually fix his culture. The multi-generational fascistic tendencies of upper class, wealthy pure blood wizards and witches were left wholly intact without a massive cultural overhaul to really kill that ethos. The war didn't win so much as just everyone got exhausted and basically stopped fighting. Voldemort was a symbol, not a leader. The next generation will just start up again with their new "dark wizard," because they really don't give a shit who the leader is just as long as he's saying the right things.
This is what happens when people try to apply capitalistic economic worth onto human beings. Also when they confuse capitalism onto society. None of these things are the same in the least, and yet an entire political party has spent the last 80 years trying to convince people to think of other people in terms of economic worth or drain. It's insidious.
Are left handed people performing oomox with children? You decide.
Israeli archaeology is highly, highly politicized from multiple spectrums of groups. I don't know if there's a more complex system out there for the area.
You're comparing people to your drain. Classy.
&gt;Re: Jessica teaching Sam to eat healthy. I want to reject that one because I love the concept of lil Sammy striving to differentiate himself from his family by what food he eats. This links up to /u/laurellestars' thing about Sam &amp; eating/food : I definitely wouldn't put eating habits and/or diet past Sam as serving a psychologically stabilizing purpose for one reason or another (&amp; then it getting out of hand into extremes). Sam is the Lisa Simpson of the Supernatural world. &gt;I think Sam's someone who feels the ground shifting underfoot a lot &amp; needs either a person or a thing to fixate upon to set him steady. Academic excellence, Jess &amp; Dean were/are all functional people/things to depend on for Sam, but rob him of those things, he kinda goes off the deep end: addiction, neurotic control over food maybe but definitely neurotic control over hunting &amp; whatnot -- Mystery Spot, hooking up with Ruby, etc. Ruby gave him the same foundation that Jess and Dean gave him, but she twisted it to her own wants. Even Amelia had that same kind of "take charge of Sam's life" aspect about her a bit. Sam wants someone to be in the driver's seat, but he's also stubborn as a Mule (when he gets this way, I call him Samule), and will donkey kick people he rejects as unworthy of being in that role. Meg screwed up the first time they met by trying to have Sam lead them. If she had taken charge and started bossing him around, he very well might have gone to LA with her.
What? No. I mean, it'd cooler if she went up against a genius tactician than the guy who just rages hulks out to fight.
No, because Sam just full on lied to Dean about Ruby's identity. He didn't have to, and he could have explained almost everything to a certain degree. That's what I mean. By then, he'd already started on this bad path even before Dean was brought back. Also he'd already drank that nurse by the time he got the fake message.
So what you're saying is that Brendan Fraser should have stuck to being the basketball player?
It's happened in the past, when people were trying to pass as white. More rarer were people passing as a minority. Sometimes to get married, sometimes not.
The only kid to ever win at "too slow."
I think it's, like, a simile.
So the Dexter Morgan approach to cooking? When I make pie dough, I use wax paper as a tarp. Makes cleaning up 90% easier.
This is the key to those Spielberg movies. They took the movies seriously. It wasn't some stupid cash grab or quickie flick fest designed to get in and out. Indy is a perfect example. There was real intellectual fervor and discourse to back up the movie. It wasn't about the ark of the covenant, it was about competing philosophies in academia and especially archaeology (The nature of things, the adoration of things, the weaponization of things, etc). And that's barely in the movie about gun fights and whips and Nazis. You could tell that Indy was a cowboy archaeologist (an actual thing) who knew his shit on an academic level. Same with Jurassic Park. It's not just cloning dinos, shit happens. They go into the process of how it happens. The science and science fiction backs up the plot (nevermind it doesn't work in reality), and then the dinos run amok. The discussion about the watch in Raiders (why is something important historically?) is roughly on the level of the cartoon in JP. Why does this science work given what we know about 1990s ancient DNA studies? Okay, frogs. You're emotionally and academically invested in both of these things, and then get involved with the action stuff. It's not enough just to rest on Nazis being baddies, we need to know what they're going to do with the ark, and why it's important on an academic level beyond even that. That's where a lot the sequels and cheap movies fail. They don't sit down, work out the internal dynamics of a story and why something would work in a story, and then build from there. Instead they just "Dinos kill, rampage. Indy flies into a video game plot. Shit happens. Jokes Happen. Done."
No, it's okay when it's done well; like semi-colons. But it's an easier way to build drama and tension without having to write an entire paragraph to convey the same feelings/mood. "Dean was thoroughly tired on the motel bed. What was he going to do now? Sam was gone." "Dean was thoroughly tired on the motel bed. He had been in too many motel rooms to not find a distraction. The lamps, the bible, the cheap furniture. One time, he and Sam pulled up a carpet up off a floor as kids. Just to see what was beneath. Dean knew motel rooms. He just... didn't know where Sam was, wasn't in a position to find him. Stuck in yet another motel room."
Trapped in the closet ~~wardrobe~~
1) Acquire Gold Pressed Latinum 2) Profit!
I get that. It's like the movie wanted to be an environmental indictment against overfishing coupled with his career. Then suddenly realized that an even better story revolved around how his childhood was just horrible and it further strained his relationship with his sons.
Oedipus rekt
now I know why Central Perk did so well.
It does look better than past models, but it's still in that "What are you being paid for?!" category.
OMG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! YAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!! JIBCON REPRESENTATION!\\\ You should wear an FND button and pass out business cards
............................................ That's not the right link. http://io9.com/this-is-why-having-a-pet-dinosaur-is-just-like-having-a-1711325287 This is the right link
http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lma9b9Rva81qedbtp.gif
It's not so much his use of religion as much as what excuse he can spin from any area to justify his batshit crazy views on things.
It was also a lot of courtroom drama and misdirection. Simpson was specifically told by his attorneys to make his hands as big as possible and struggle to get thrm on to show that they didn't fit whether or not they actually did.
That's pretty specious. I'd really want data to back that up, because I'm talking about fairly deep time relationships that aren't necessarily tied to a more modern timeframe.
This isn't exactly the same population set up as it would have been traditionally as they're all immigrants in a completely foreign country with even more limited access to potential mates than before. Also there might be a couple people with genetic disorders in the original population which would create a founder effect scenario. There are many issues beyond simple genetics when it comes to these kinds of results. I'm not saying that's what happened here, but it's not always an easy way to extrapolate this kind of result and compare it easily to historic trends and demographic information.
I thought it was a better version of Cas fixing Demon Dean
I always wanted to see a Seinfeld episode where Newman was the lead, the episode followed his life for a day, and Seinfeld was his arch nemesis. They could even do a mock title opening, and call the show "Hello, Newman!" only all bright and cheery.
So he's the anti-Batman?
That's fine. Too bad about the time crunch. Just let us know what's going on.
It's not an exercise in utilitarianism like most people are treating this. Pick whatever you want, and it's really nice to see some variety here.
Sure, if there was one sub of horrible people, but Reddit is just loaded with them.
Now I want a C is for Cookie death metal cover.
Well, fuck. Why not square that circle by going a full 3/5s.
This is the David Brooks moral argument for statistic reasoning. It's not a structural problem that preys on disenfranchised people who lack resources and social help to get ahead, it's the fault of unwed mothers to blame for black men having a one out of three chance for going to prison.
Sanguine doesn't look right? It looks more French than Latin, and even then I'm not sure about the ablative declension.
&gt;The pervasive lack of attention to childcare for female faculty at an institution run by childless, male, Catholic priests I feel like that might be less traditional sexism and more completely and daft oversight. Priests aren't exactly in the area of "oh, people have kids and need to have childcare, because that's either my or my coworkers' experiences." It very well could be a little too abstract/out of their purview- like I could see nuns having that sentiment. Not the hardcore leftwing nuns on the bus types, but the more sedate ones.
All of the psychic kids were supposed to go evil sooner or later. Sam going hardcore could have been spun off as an extension of that theme plus Azazel just like fucking with people. Sam was also supposed to be the one who got Dean out of hell, but it's probably better that he hadn't as it was too much of a power boost. Kripke also said Ruby was written as going to be bad from Magnificent Seven (her intro ep), so the entire plot run for her was deliberately set up as a double agent.
My Etruscan field school professor would joke that half of all Italian antiquities are in the attics of farmers. You can't really get mad at farmers out plowing their fields (unlike say construction and urban spread). Their entire lives revolve around these fields as did probably their ancestors before them.
So go full mpaa fining on them? I could be cool with that.
I can see the issue of Dean becoming "evil, so he's going to act like a douche." The problem is that he wasn't really evil and the red pill aspect of "being evil" failed completely and utterly. He just came off a mid90s brodouche where the only thing was the barbed wire tat and frosted tips.
Ugh. There is something kind of skeevy about this post.
http://archiveofourown.org/works/4162815 I was going to post this here, but this turned into a 3500 word copy/response to this essay.
Please be Jensen Ackles please be Jensen Ackles
It's painful that gogo boots, minidress, secretary Lt. Uhura was a better character and feminist icon than her modern day counterpart. Or whatever blonde Dr. Barbie.the other actress was.
This is how women get just flat out murdered. In many countries where it's somewhat condoned, but also on individual levels where domestic partners just lose their shit and start spouting on about honor and fidelity and whatever floats into their brains to justify domestic violence.
That's some unfortunate irony.
"Hey, fuck Carl." "What are you talking about? Carl's awesome. You don't listen to the mean man. I mean, if you want to pick on someone, go after Lenny."
I love that he's androgynous, but it's not default-male androgyny. He's a man who loves to mix and match his androgyny.
I"d love to see someone ask what all of their future post-SPN plans are. Also when the show ended, if Jared and Jensen would do another project together, and what they'd be interested in doing.
Carver was in a perfect position to retconn her into being brainwashed/fucked up by Naomi and went off the deep end. That would have fixed everything about that plot and made Naomi that more scary.
No, I mean it's way, way more Dark Shadows fanfic than it is SPN.
but how could I ever poop properly without that cup of yogurt?
No, I get that. You feel legitimately like he's oversharing. What I'm saying is that I just don't even register it when parents are doing parent-y things around kids that might be considered oversharing of privacy. It also might have been the household I was raised in. My parents were/are nurses, so I have a really lax view on stuff (so many disgusting topics during dinners).
That's... not quite the same thing? There are real medical ethical issues with video taping addicts messed up on drugs. There's a vulnerability of consent there that's lacking/different than with children. Also youtube is just full of parents taping their kids doing something ridiculously potty-related.
None of them are enemies. They're animals and carnivores. This is literally how they survive, especially given the lycine deficiency. If they do not eat everyday, they are going to die and not from starvation.
South Africa in general. When I was a kid, it was almost on par with North Korea- maybe worse, because nobody talked about Korea outside of MASH (the 80s). Now after the Truth and Reconciliation Commission and its economy just booming, it's become a model of post-conflict countries being successful and spreading domestic peace with a solid democracy.
It's not just the face, but also her polite manner. Plus who knows what else just happened. For all we know, another hostess quit that night and they were going to be super short staffed.
Not that I know of. And that's interesting that we haven't heard anything yet.
I have no idea, and it's not the only Christian based news website that covers Supernatural. I guess it's because it's bible fan fiction?
Try I university on itunes. Lots of solid actual science classes recorded
It's not even imperialistic economies. It's those in power with capital and power (political or otherwise) to crush their competition. It could be any system with inherent imbalances where one group of people work and often times collude to make sure that the economy works in their favor especially against those who don't have any of those resources. That's not always how they all collapse either. Other things can trigger it: natural disasters, disease, external invasion, internal strife or upheaval, on and on.
I've done Roman and Arabic scripts as a leftie. There's no comparison when you're not having to push the pen. Able to pull instead of push is far and away much easier.
We just don't teach it much or delve all that deep. The most famous example here is probably the Irish Potato famine, and that's only probably remembered because so many immigrated here, so there's familial history. Even then it's not really taught as a part or colonial past and failures. For most people, it's probably more about potato crop failures and maybe some rent issues with the land.
Native Americans were especially brutalized in the nineteenth century, but Jackson stands out out as maybe the worst of the bunch.
http://www.alternet.org/drugs/southern-states-outlaw-syringe-exchanges-used-prevent-disease?page=0%2C1
Oh he's way more than that. He easily could be stated as the one who pulled the strings to stop the apocalypse by manipulating and weaponizing the Winchesters with the real plan being he's the only political figurehead left after Sam and Dean destroy everyone else.
I'm in Kansas myself- pm me if you want to share where you're going or what area you'll be in or for more information. Think of Kansas specifically as being a bit hotter than Italy (Tuscany area) in the summer, but pretty comparable. It can get below 0 Fahrenheit in the winters, but is generally about 20 degrees. It usually doesn't snow, but we can get snow and ice. Generally, bring (or buy) a solid coat for super cold as you'll want it here and also in Canada. Buy clothes that will get you through at least the first month if not 2~3 months. You'll want to take things back with you, so you'll be better off just travelling light-ish, and kitting out here. As it's an environmental immersion class, I'm assuming it's mostly outside. Get a boonie hat and use the strongest sunblock you can find here ~spf50 with zinc preferably. Also get a water bottle (absolute must) and cheap t-shirts that you can toss when you're done for the season. If you're bending over a lot, hit the spot on your lower back between your pants and shirts with block. Trust me, horrible place to get burned. You'll want decent socks and fantastic walking shoes/boots. Something you'll want to want to walk several miles in. You can get things here obviously, but if you have a brand preference, you're better investing there and just bringing them over.
Kitty claw scratches
CAN I RECOMMEND A PODFIC AND/OR PODCAST?! http://www.reddit.com/r/fandomnatural/wiki/resources#wiki_supernatural_podfics Litra fics are solid. Mimbyxpimby (sp) also solid except NOT 10000 Miles Also if you're into podcasts, why not the Kim Rhodes interview on Crossroads or the Erik Kripke or the Ben Edlund interviews by the writers guild podcast.
Fit and style are two different things. Looser/ skinnier jeans go in and out of fashion, but correctly sized/fitting clothing matters the most.
Yes. The real issue here is the Greek people's lack of work ethic and care for personal consequence. The Greeks definitely gamed a lot of their system, but there's far, far to it than assuming that they're being lazy and indolent. That's not even an issue at all here. So far you've made two posts and slammed/implied personal negative assumptions for both of them while trying to dictate some kind of economic moral Malthusian system here isn't helping anyone. Edit added a sentence
That's assuming you're falling towards Earth and not completely away from it. Of course that's also assuming that one can fall in space to begin with.
I love the Ferengis. They are completely honest with themselves and others. You always know where you stand with them, and that's at a disadvantage. But dudes who pull this bullshit turn into little bitches and are completely affronted and insulted when called out for their bullshit. They want their privileges and the "real victimization of white middle class, het males" as well. Because they are the real victims here, not the females.
At this point l, it's probably best not to tweet him anything at the moment until he can, at the very least, sort everything out with the police and not just get destroyed with 80 million new tweets all supporting him.
Nono. I mean he's getting buried in tweets right now
Of course. But they're honest about their lying and cheating- their entire economic-religious structure is built upon it. They're honest about the game they play, not how they play it.
I actually recommend that you read some books on it and watch some PBS Frontline episodes that cover it. I lived through it as an adult and so many younger adults just don't know the nuts and bolts of what really happened even 10 years ago.
?? DS9 had some of the best women characters ever in scifi from leads to barely recurring characters. Keiko was the only I really couldn't stand )outside of one butterfly eyes chick whom I'm keeping vague as Stop hasn't seen it yet), but everyone else was stellar.
I almost want there to be a show on NPR called "The Least Serious Show On NPR."
Right up until he gets caught in Farmer Macgregor's briar patch
Absolutely not. We're very cool and often have the best discussions on canon and fandom on reddit. Here's our discussion on the charges that women characters on the show get fridged: http://www.reddit.com/r/fandomnatural/comments/3ab592/the_vanishing_ladies_of_supernatural/ I wrote the linked ao3 copy response that turned into its own motw length.
"ready player 2"
Uhhhhh.... and it's hosted by John Hodgman I would watch this show in a heartbeat.
KCK was who was trying to set up the regulations with them already working on KCMO. So they basically wink wink nudged their customers to pretend to be kcmo customers through a workaround while decrying that they were the victims here.
There's a movie from the 50s called A Face in the Crowd with Andy Griffith. Fantastic movie about the birth and fall of a celebrity turned political tour de force. There's maybe no better encapsulation of what happened during the Romney campaign and the 47% than A Face in the Crowd. Of course, the real moral of the Romney Campaign is "don't piss off the people who make your food."
Yeah, but that one was really fucked up, unnecessarily cruel, and came from someone/a group pretty high up the fandom food chain.
Now we're getting into the dregs of this fandom a bit. Also I don't have a less vitriolic lomk than this at the moment: http://hisproudyang.tumblr.com/post/96724372644/j2-tinhats-and-the-damage-done Basically at the 10th anniversary get-together for the show, a group of fans got everyone on the show shot glasses. Everyone but Misha and (I didn't know this bit) Mark. Misha didn't take it well, and it was clear he felt rather sad about it to where even Jared was angry that Misha got snubbed. The big prank completely backfired, people were pissed, and the well known Misha haters group said it was an honest mistake and rushed out a replacement and acted all affronted when called out on it-like they were the real victims on all of this.
"From now on, we're converting everything from metric to imperial. Also we fucked up by not licensing numbers for American distribution, so we're working out a way to broadcast series 1-289."
And his other show: America's Porniest Home Videos.
His bigoted tears of shame feed me so.
I'd open my legs if I was a chick, but I'd judge any woman who actually does so.
Oops , I munselled it again. I colored your chart.
Uber strong armed itself into Kansas City, and started acting like assholes when the city pushed back.
Sorry, man. Most of us Catholics burned out on popcornz centuries ago.
/r/Dixiequeer has been having an interesting two weeks
"Dear Eric, I'm writing you this note. Hopefully, you get it before this paper starts to disintegrate in the wat-adg;ahg;ahgadhagnadnvccc..============"
The fairy was making a point. Overkill, but she wasn't just a self-absorbed, red pilling douchebag. The asylum head was corrupt, yes, it was very much a business transaction. Gaston was just a massive douchebag who had everything wrapped around his own ego and self worth and destroyed other people's lives just so he could prove how manlyly he was.
No, you don't.
For me, it was yesterday with Obamacare
This is what needs to be done. Call Brownback's bluff and then go full Leslie.Knope on him.
No, not nullify, transform and record. You're in the perfect position to record and research these changes in rl as they're happening. That's a gold mine for academic research.
I'd much rather it be Jackson, but there it is. The most powerful country in the world has often been at the forefront of setting social issues and changing international policy. We might be slow to start that change on a political front, but we often set the precedent when we do. On top of that, we are also very vocal about our internal domestic social fights and changes, which might make us look weak internationally. We do, however, look that much stronger, because we can show that we have the freedom to discuss social policy so loudly while also highlighting those changes when they do come. Many other countries that criticize us not to genuinely criticize us, but to score real politick points on the international setting while brutally cracking down on dissension, speech, and social issues in their own. This might make them look "strong" according to your viewpoint, but it actually makes then incredibly weak without a brutal regime and military to enforce their power. Wtf is going on? Well, that's the unicorn rainbow boner cum of freedom, baby. Confederate flags being ostracized and gay marriage in less than a week? This is like my fucking birthday.
Gray team changes colors to white. Becomes terrorist organization.
No, I get that he was politicked in that had nothing to do with his abilities, but in an ironic use of affirmative action that had nothing to do with his actual abilities and everything to do with the GOP wanting a person that hit a specific agenda on their part. But he'd never once admit to any of that- that he didn't just bootstrap his way in. In some ways, he reminds me of Richard Kind playing the teacher in Kimmie Schmidt who wanted to do les than the bare minimum at his job so he could just sit around in the room doing nothing at all.
Sigh. Fine. &gt;People who don't fit in well with society have a hard time surviving clearly. Sometimes, yes. Sometimes, no. It's based on which particular society we're talking about and what exactly is keeping said people from "fitting in." For a biological example, dwarfism is something that can be and has been selected against on a social level for people with the condition. We can see the demographic rates fall in cultures that are more negative against it while rates tend to rise and then level out in cultures that aren't negative against them as they can more easily find viable mates. None of this has anything to do with gays in culture. Darwinism has nothing to do with LGBT rates on a biological level as many other human traits do no correlate in areas of "fitness" in a biological setting. That's the difference between humans and many other species. We are not bound by the same biological stresses on fitness and reproduction as other animals are based on multiple factors including self-awareness, access to food storage and shelter, and society. Social Darwinism is a bullshit term that has nothing to do with Darwin, and was used to do a lot of super shitty things in the name of "science." &gt;I'm all for equal rights as far as marriage and benefits go for all people but now we are talking about people not getting jobs and being discriminated against. Where is this going? Civil liberties go both ways. Nobody said anything at all about not getting jobs or being discriminated against in vague, undefined terms. You are just making stuff up, because you are a butthurt troll, because people are both not taking you seriously as well as destroying your sentiments with very little effort. Keep trying to string polysyllabic words together you find in an Anth 102 textbook, and maybe you'll hit something accurate or relevant.
I'm a moderate feminist. You'd be surprised at what people don't want to hear or even acknowledge during these discussions on reddit, because then it ruins the vibe.
&gt;For instance, WinchesterBros constantly interacts with fans I would personally label as "so very ugly." No, they have very high members in their group who say some shady shit, it's not just interacting with fans who do the same. They set the tone and precedent, and others just go along with it.
Super short post here. Or that biology only boils down to Darwinian evolution when things are much m, much more complicated than that. Even evolution itself is more complicated than Darwinian evolution, and that's not even accounting for humans or culture.
Some tribes were fighting for the French some for the British.
Africa is a country was painfully funny.
three figgy
Because people get their self preferences wrapped up around their ego. It's not enough to just not like something on a preference level, no, everyone else who likes that thing is also wrong to like it.
Shorter, but they always pad the outtakes with music, so they seem longer in general.
Quit trying to change the subject distance and deflect from the actual discussion topic here by trying to invoke "well, if everyone was guilty then nobody was guilty." the issue here is not of the history of slavery. The real issue is given the current sociopolitical climate of the south in its current system, how does it use the confederate flag and its interpretation of its history for current attitudes and biases found in the south. Those other discussions can and have been done multiple times, but that's not the issue here at hand.
She should call social services and the local ywca for information.
Get your canon shit together, people. You have one job here, and that's to tell a coherent story without laziness, bad writing, stupid retcons, and whiffle bat level research.
Then you have Bob Newhart, who is considered his own straightman.
Funny thing about Latin. There are more Latin speakers in the world than Finnish, so Finland has a radio station that broadcasts Finnish news in Latin.
That's not always an option for everyone.
I told you fma is insidiously endearing
Comb your hair forward (think Trump forward), then take a pick or side of a comb, and weave a zigzag pattern on the top of your hair. Pull the hair apart gently, and the zig zag will follow the pattern in your part.
Which would go away in about three years when a new crop of kids coming in don't really know how a chicken nugget is supposed to taste like.
I'm going off what she's telling us. It's not shit to state that people need act as adults in these situations. that he wants to claim it all her fault for everything while demanding more sex is a pretty big dick move. People are entitled to their emotions, but that doesn't give them carte blanche to act out however they want just because something is stressful.
The new Password is "Rainbow"
I've been a huge Holmes fan since the 80s, and I found BBC's Sherlock to be a little too fan nodding. The references are cute, but they shouldn't be the big highlight of the show. THe biggest problem, however, is that Moffatt and the writers don't seem to understand that Holmes and Watson work best when the characters revolve around the mysteries instead of the mysteries revolving around the characters. Once they started down that road of "do we really need a fully formed mystery?" then the entire quality dropped hard.
This is what we've come to. Bracketing brackets bracketing everything not brackets.
It also seemed like it ran along the same lines as Thor's hammer and Vision only instead of being impossible to pick up, it just flat out murdered anyone unworthy. They were using it as a way to stop a bad guy intend on destroying everything instead of for ambition or malevolent uses. Coupled with two people with heavy pedigrees and that everyone joined up as a chain of self sacrifice and protecting the world, and it just allowed everyone to survive using it.
Sandman series right now. Start with book one and keep going. Even it you have to power through the first one keep going.
Except it's a proven marketing gimmick that's pissed off fans for at least 15 years. It's the dlc of comic books l- you have to buy that one 3 issue of Blackwing just to know what's being set up in the big blow out of DC that year.
That's when you go over to the bartender and explain what's happening. If they have a bouncer, that dick will be out flat on his ass. The bar doesn't want cops around either with word getting around that chicks are getting assaulted on their property.
Speaking of, Kansas City is about to be the next big boom town with google fiber and really cheap housing with a growing interest in the area.
The old days were when it was new and I was in high school.....
Matt Smith came off like I was watching a very exuberant 12 year old cosplaying, but couldn't quite get over the fact that he was always playing the Doctor. But the plots tended to get a little too timey whimy with very little depth to them. I also couldn't stand Amy Pond. Rory was my favorite of the three, but him and Pond were a matched set. I didn't really start with the new one even though I love the actor, because I couldn't connect with either Moffatt's Who or Sherlock, so I'm waiting for the new headwriter at this point.
Jackson is the closest president we've had to committing straight up genocide.
For example, Johnny Carson was deeply introverted, but you wouldn't know it with his job.
I'm not really noon tumblr, but I find it being used all the time on reddit to dismss their concerns as well as a way to ignore these specific issues in general
Building castles in the sky
Her entire support network outside of work are just total douchebags. Not a single one of them actually care about her and her career. They are more than willing to be complete shits about undermine her place and her stresses even as they accept massive gifts from her job. She should have dumped every single one of them m, and gotten much better friends and partners.
&gt;I know they enforce some retarted rules, but seriously? Fucking quichebags
Swastikas still found in other countries on top of Isis being a solid 3-4 thousand years old. She'll be fine. It's like saying Wagner's music won't ever be played because of his fascism ties. It's getting more popular all the time.
Isis: The Egyptian baddass goddess and literal power of the throne.
You give not enough credit for most religious people. It's easy to dismiss an entire group when you lump them all together, and define them as a minority part of that group of which is some of the worst. It also undermines your intelligence denunciation when you have blatant writing mistakes.
Because Nixon has been reincarnated as this weird pop culture figure with few younger people understanding Watergate let alone the shadier shit he did at the time. Even more Bizarro, he's become this figure for the left!!! As people push him as some liberal icon instead of understanding that he's being used as a watermark for just how far the right has gone.
As an archeologist, History Channel's facts and shows were always a bit dodgy. They were good intro stuff, but it wasn't hard to grow out of them very fast. It's just that it went off the deep end of stupidity and nuts a few years ago, and they look that much worse in comparison.
There's always a weird vibe when IOT covers something feminist. I wish they'd have covered more on her research and philosophy than her biography and (scandalous!) partners.
I've blown more than a few teenager minds by telling them that R2D2 and C3PO were the leads of the first three movies.
Especially someone like Ben Bradlee. The guy's a legend.
Taboos aren't really laws though
Stormpilot is the big new ship right now. It's Derelikt hot everywhere.
You seem like a single ply kind of guy. Padding isn't just an aesthetic thing, but provides extra support and keeping things in place. Sure, I could"settle" for no padding, but then I'd lose so much of what I look for in bras-support and comfort. Fortunately, I've got the shoulders to support my chest or I could be more prone to back pain like my grandmother. Even then my bra preferences always include some padding of some type, especially as they tend to be more durable and long lasting for my needs.
"I may or may not have killed all your couslings."
Okay, Ron Swanson
