I still think TW1 is one of the better RPGs out there. A lot of people don't like it. You have to remember it's built on the Aurora engine (of Neverwinter Nights and Knights of the Old Republic fame), and as such is *much more similar* to a classic CRPG than a modern action RPG. As an RPG it's far more complex than either TW2 or TW3. The combat turns a lot of people off. I never personally had an issue with it. The story and writing is great, though the game takes a bit to get going. TW2 is one of the best RPG games ever made IMO, and is surpassed only by TW3. Many seem to criticize the lack of open world but frankly I don't get it. The narrative is tight and the game is focussed.. and the later two chapters change completely depending on the choices you make. It is a far more political story than either TW1 or TW3. TW2 is the only game that I beat and started over again in the same day. I'm currently on my fourth playthrough (only on my second for TW1, mainly because it's a 50+ hour game). I may be in the minority but I also think TW1 and TW2 have better OSTs than TW3. The entire series is great.
I occasionally use LEGO minifigs to help me visualize fight scenes by acting them out step by step with the minifigs. I've used Skyrim with mods before to make some approximations of my characters (effort vs. payoff isn't very good here though). I use a lot of different resources made for pen &amp; paper RPGs for various things. There's a lot of good stuff for worldbuilding in a fantasy setting (actually, the base of my current magic system was a combination of the Pathfinder and D&amp;D systems).
What annoys me most about it is that I'll state my experience about running my GPU and why I prefer it over my previous GPU of the other brand, and people will respond to my post and tell me I'm wrong. Like WTF. No, I'm not wrong. I'm pretty sure I know exactly how my GPU is running on my rig.
&gt; Why the downvotes lol, how am I supposed to know you find that out 2 minutes into the game Because it wasn't a game spoiler, it was a book spoiler, and not a particularly big one at that. Most people don't consider events that happened in the books "spoilers", especially considering how many things in TW3 relate back to the books.
nVidia drivers were recently updated. Maybe try rolling those back?
Disable SweetFX, set gamma, re-enable sweetFX.
I would absolutely argue that TW3 is objectively better than Skyrim. Without even touching the "meh" story and crap quests: vanilla Skyrim is mediocre. Particularity people will bash it who are big fans of previous TES games, specifically Morrowind. Morrowind isn't flawless by any means but whereas a lot of Morrowind's faults are either technical or limitations of the technology at the time, many of Skyrim's faults are deliberate design choices. There's some things Skyrim gets right but in some ways it's the perfect illustration of how making a game "more accessible" actually hurts the overall quality of the game by significantly simplifying certain gameplay elements that shouldn't have been simplified. On PC a lot of Skyrim's annoyances can be directly blamed on developing for last-gen console limitations (Skyrim remains a poster child for shit UI design, as well as very poor memory management and very harsh memory limitations, crap dynamic draw distances and LOD ranges, mediocre quality stock textures, poor AA implementation, the list goes on). The game doesn't even make any real use of DX11 on PC. It was never made with 64-bit support because last-gen consoles didn't support it, despite how much benefit it would have gotten from it. Not to mention being hardly playable right off install without .ini tweaks if you're not using a controller (or it was for the first 6 months or so on release, no idea what it's like now). There was a lot of lazy development on Bethesda's part with Skyrim on PC. I've encountered a few bugs with TW3 (nothing compared to Skyrim), but the overall game design and writing quality blows Skyrim away. Most PC players who rave about Skyrim do so because you can mod the game out the ass and back. And frankly, that's the only reason it's got staying power. And it's somewhat ironic that one of the best mods for Skyrim circumvents Bethesda's memory fuckup... which was a combination of the ancient engine it's on and setting a low hard limit for consoles (why this wasn't different in the PC version is beyond me). This is coming from someone who could hardly manage 20 hours in stock skyrim and now has over 250 in it modded. And I've never finished the main story in Skyrim because, frankly, it's boring as shit and the characters are so incredibly two-dimensional that I just don't care about any of them. The above might have come off a bit like I'm console bashing.. that's not my intention. Rather I want to illustrate that Skyrim was a game that was held back by poor design decisions and the requirement to make *significant* technical compromises because of the old hardware it hard to run on. There's a few compromises in TW3 from a technical side, but they sure as hell didn't dumb down the gameplay in the name of "accessibility".
Unlikely. TW1 is on a modified the Aurora engine (of Neverwinter Nights/KotoR), so the controls are heavily embedded into a that type of game. You're not going to get it playing like TW2 and 3.
Yen *is* a complete bitch. *Nobody* likes her. A lot of people think that the relationship Geralt has is some kind of storybook happy relationship, and can't fathom why he'd be in a relationship with Yen. It isn't. They're both deeply flawed characters that are in a sometimes very toxic relationship. Triss is naive and manipulative, in both the books and the games. She lets herself be used and she uses Geralt for her own purposes. Yennifer is one of the only ones that told the lodge to go f--- themselves every time they tried to use her for their own purposes and especially when they tried to use Geralt or Ciri. Yen might be a complete bitch, but she's an honest bitch.
* Keep your hard drives organised. Don't put user data all over the fucking place, it makes it really hard to find and backup stuff. * Backup important data. * DON'T ROBO-CLICK THROUGH INSTALL MENUS. Read them. * *DON'T INSTALL STUPID, RANDOM SHIT.* * If the program/solution seems to good to be true, it probably is. * Snake-oil solutions don't work on your car.. they don't work on the computer, either. * Unless you *really* know what you're doing, the operating system is better at virtual memory management than you are. Don't fuck with those settings. * Actually, don't fuck with any settings if you don't know what their purpose is. Feel free to fuck around with stuff, but you should have an idea what it does first so you know what result to look for. * Troubleshooting: Start with the simplest solution first, and as much as possible only change on variable at a time. * 90% of the time it's not a virus, update, or bad piece of software that's screwing things up. It's something you've done. * The remaining 10% of the time, it's something you've installed on the computer. * If programs crash or you get error messages, *actually read them*. Many times they'll either tell you exactly what's wrong or give you enough information to start troubleshooting. * Make copies of configuration files before you make changes to them.
I agree about the horse controls. Unresponsive as fuck. I don't want a horse that reacts instantly, but reacting *at all* would be nice. Particularly annoying to me is when the game doesn't realise I'm no longer holding down the 'Shift' key and my fucking horse won't stop galloping. As for the other movement controls though.. I honestly don't have a huge issue with them. Maybe it's because I spent so much time with TW2. I remapped a lot of them as well so I don't have to do any "finger gymnastics". Skyrim's movement feels very artificial in comparison. [And about climbing mountains...](https://31.media.tumblr.com/8ce9b5f0107c74a6d65342555d138375/tumblr_inline_ngoz7k75G61svc0hs.jpg)
That works both ways. By the time the games roll around there's close to 20 years of history between Geralt, Yennifer and Triss. It's hard to just ignore that.
Obviously book spoilers: Basically Triss let the lodge use her to get to Ciri, knowing full well what they had planned for the child. Triss went along with them because she was too afraid to stand up to them. The lodge tried the same thing with Yennifer, and Yennifer told them to fuck off. Triss was afraid they'd kill her. Yennnifer was afraid she'd die and Geralt would think she'd betrayed him and Ciri. IMO it says a lot about their respective characters. This is the source of the biggest tension between Yennifer and Triss. What Triss did with Geralt compounds it.
NCIX. You can customize their prebuilts or pick the parts from scratch. They'll build it for $50. I've been dealing with NCIX for years. No complaints.
Yuup. I've really been wanting to SLI my setup with an identical card.. but it's still going to cost me $600-$700 for the GTX 780 (non-ti). It fucking hertz.
I'm currently writing a short story series that has similarities to The Witcher saga. This isn't surprising since it was Andrzej Sapkowski's works that inspired me to get back to writing (fantasy writing in particular), and I have no doubt that anyone familiar with his work who read mine could find some similarities. Having said that, there are *a lot* of differences too. For example, my story has wizards and sorcerers (one of the MC's is a sorceress).. but I've built my own magic system that has no resemblance to Sapkowski's at all. While the *feel* of my world is similar and I've tried to maintain the gritty, dark feel Sapkowski wrote, it's still my world. It has it's own politics, it's own story. The MCs have their own allegiances and motivations. Yea, I've got an MC who sorta falls in love with a sorceress. Mages are often advisers in royal courts. My main MC is a badass with swords. Overall though those are pretty generic. My MC isn't a mutant -he's an expert in a very specific type of martial combat. He doesn't fight monsters. He's often shunned because of racism.. but that's because his kingdom kicked the ever-loving shit out of everyone else's in a war that happened 10 years previous, before his people were almost completely annihilated using magic. So while I've taken a lot of inspiration from The Witcher series, I'm very much working on my own story. So you want to write about monster hunters? Sure. That's a pretty generic idea and leaves a TON of room for you do your own thing. Why are there monsters in the world? Why do monster hunters exist? Maybe they're a highly respected, elite military unit instead of mutants? That leaves you a lot more room to have them work together, introducing more characters and possible inter-character conflict, etc. And you could do that while maintaining the "feel" of the world similar to what Sapkowski created, if you wanted to. Just $0.02 from someone else who loves The Witcher.
Yes.
The flat edge of the plug goes toward the INSIDE of the case, and ALWAYS at a right angle.
Flat edge toward the inside of the case. Not that hard.
It's not designed to be an invincibility shield. It absorbs damage and heals you but still collapses. It's more of an alternative to having to down your limited number of Swallow potions during a fight.
There's six books.. two short story collections and ~~4~~ 5 novels. Start with 'The Last Wish', it's the first short story collection. Very good read. This book introduces most of the characters you're familiar with. Ciri is introduced in the second short story collection, 'The Sword of Destiny'.
Hi.
&gt; I just know that when it comes to survellaince devices like cameras in the work place, if they have an audio recorder, that all employees are supposed to be notified and have given permission to be recorded audiolly. Different situation. That's essentially third party surveillance. The employer is not a party involved in the conversation.
EDIT: Thanks for the gold, CMDR. Frankly, the market is spartan right now, you've basically only got one quality entry in each bracket. I'll do a quick summary here: *A quick note on prices: This stuff is very subject to regional pricing, some of it extremely so. Don't be surprised if you go on amazon or whatever and see different prices listed than what I have down here. For the most part I've used CAD regional pricing as a guide.* **Under $100 Bracket** * Mad Catz/Saitek AV8R: I would consider this the bottom-of-the-barrel entry. MSRP is around $30 so you're not going to find anything cheaper. Poor design, throttles in very awkward position. Cheaply made, few buttons. Ambidextrous. I believe this was originally made as a PS3 controller. * Mad Catz/Saitek FLY 5: Better than the above. Much more customizable. IMO expensive stick for what you get, especially if you're in Europe and can get VKB stuff. Better throttle placement than the AV8R. Might be worth looking into if you find most sticks uncomfortable. * T16000m: Oddball stick for the simple fact that, despite the cost and "meh" plastic plastic build, it's got a lot going for it. Uses magnetic HALL sensors instead of cheap pots, very accurate, ambidextrous. Compatible with TM's TARGET software (big, BIG plus). * Logitec Extreme 3D: Cheap stick. Poor quality pots. I've had calibration issues with them. Can develop spiking. Won't last near as long as better sticks.. you get what you pay for. * Thrustmaster HOTAS X: Personally not a fan, as it has all the problems of a cheap joystick crammed into a HOTAS form-factor. Maybe only useful to see if you like the HOTAS setup.. but keep in mind it's a $30-$50 HOTAS when "proper" HOTAS systems start at $160. **Is not** compatible with TM's TARGET software, which IMO totally kills it. **$100 - $200 Bracket** * T16000m + CH Pro Throttle: IMO best budget HOTAS solution. The good-for-the-money T16000m combined with the best throttle unit on the market. Makes use of TM's TARGET (for the stick) and CH Control Manager (for the throttle). Gives you twist on the stick + a fully analogue thumbstick on the throttle. * Saitek x52 Pro: Old design. Generally requires magnet mod to make it a decent stick. Known for throttle quadrant failures. On the plus side, old design improved over the original x52 means that a lot of Saitek's QC issues don't apply to this stick. Personally I found them *very* sloppy, poor centering requiring a large deadzone, and poor calibration. This was all on an unmodded stick though. * Saitek x55: Good stick on par with the money if you get one that works. Saitek's quality control is complete shite though. Issues range from button ghosting, buttons not working, sticks DOA, throttle issues, and other problems. Some people have had to RMA 3 times before they got one that worked. Others got one that worked out of the box. Very large stick with sub-optimal button layout. Throttle unit is better in this regard. **$300 - &lt; $500 Bracket** * CH HOTAS: Must be bought in pieces (throttle, stick, pedals). IMO best quality HOTAS on the market. Yea, it's "plastic".. that plastic is fibre-reinforced nylon polymer. CH builds stuff for industrial, agriculture, and military use. Their shit lasts forever (20+ years, no joke). Only throttle that has an analogue thumbstick. Best control software on the market. All components have some odd ergonomics some users don't like. No twist (not a liability, IMO). Uses pots, but they're excellent quality pots. Modelled after the stick and throttle in the F-16 fighter. Unfortunately, very subject to regional pricing and difficult to find outside of North America. Large stick; roughly same size as the X55 but with better button layout. **&gt;$500 Bracket** * Thrustmaster Warthog: Stick licensed copy of the one in the A-10C Thunderbolt II aeroplane. Very sturdy exterior build on the stick, though still uses plastic internal parts. Very heavy throw weight. IMO best looking of all the sticks. Compatible with TM TARGET software. No twist. Better suited to jet/DCS/BMS sims than space sims or WWII sims, but still a good stick. **Others** * VKB: Please see [this post](http://www.reddit.com/r/EliteDangerous/comments/32npc9/hi_i_am_a_newbie_any_joystick_recomendations/cqd902p). **My Personal Recommendations** * Best Budget Stick: T16000m. * Best Budget HOTAS: CH Pro Throttle + T16000m (or two T16000m sticks if all you play is SC/ED) * Best HOTAS: Full CH setup. Unless you're playing a shitton of jet sims, then probably the warthog. **What about pedals?** If you don't have a twist stick they're pretty much required. Even if you have a twist stick I can't recommend pedals enough. They give you far more control and feel much more natural, not to mention you don't end up killing your wrist over longer gaming sessions. * Saitek Pro Flight Rudder Pedals: Honestly, I don't know a lot about them. Better suited to Saitek's civvie flight sim line. Retail for around $150. Same internals as the PRO Flight Combat Pedals, but different layout. * Saitek PRO Flight Combat Rudder Pedals: Probably the best piece of 'combat oriented' gear Saitek makes. I haven't heard many complaints about them. Nice and large, sturdy. Retail around $200 * CH Pro Pedals: Good quality pedals, like all of CH's stuff. Nicknamed "nutcracker" because of how close together the pedals are (8"). If you're think in the thighs this could be a problem. Otherwise on-par with the rest of CH's gear. Come with stops so you can use them as gas/break in car or tank sims or something. Compatible with CH's software. Retail for around $160. * MFG Crosswind: Very high quality pedals. All metal. Second only to Slaw Device pedals. Retail around $300. * Slaw Device Pedals: Best pedals on the market. Very expensive, but hand-made, all metal. Extremely high quality. Around $700 IIRC. Also, /r/hotas
Good to know.
Your good experience doesn't trump the many bad ones. &gt; This is the best budget stick ever made, without a doubt. No, that honor goes to the T16000m. The motion on the T16000 is significantly better than the 3D pro, and it's a significantly more precise stick with excellent programming software. It's also ambidextrous. Literally the *only* thing the Logitec has going for it over the T16k is better button placement.
In the video options, set frames to unlimited.
Thanks anyway. Good to know I'm not crazy.. as they say, misery loves company ;) Normally I'm not a fan of DoF but I found the default DoF settings to be just about perfect.
I *highly* recommend playing TW2 before TW3. You just won't get near as much from the third game otherwise. TW2 isn't a very long game, you can play through the main story in under 20 hours. Frankly, if you have so little time, I wouldn't play either until you do. These games are worth spending the time on. Also, keep in mind TW3 is easily a 60 hour game, compared to the 15-20 for TW2.
Because closed platform. Heck, just look at how long it's taking to get *official patches* approved through Sony and MS. They're what.. two patches behind the PC version? Open platform is one of the biggest advantages to PC gaming.
Why wouldn't you read the short stories?
This should be the first step in addressing some of the drastic shortcomings ED had on launch. 1.1 and 1.2 added some new features but were largely bug and mechanical fixes. This is the first update that addresses core gameplay complaints. Looking forward to trying it out. I haven't touched ED in over a month.
One of my biggest issues with ED is that, at the end of the day, nothing you do matters. You can spend 200 hours in the game supporting the same faction. So the fuck what? The artificial economy especially is a real deal-breaker. I'm hoping this patch addresses some of that.
IMO it doesn't really even need a story. It just needs to give you a reason to play it, or provide you enough tools to make your own reason. In its current state it does neither.
&gt; Fixes a rare issue whereby Geralt could not mount Roach after fast travelling between points. Yea.. no it doesn't.
Haha, no, it is certainly legit. I know.. strange advice. The Tuesday patch (unofficial) updated a bunch of DLLs and some people are noticing some different behaviour now, including crashing on start.
Maybe, maybe not. SC has a hell of a leg up, and it hasn't even released yet.
But the persistent universe doesn't really do anything. There's some conflict zones and community rewards.. but none of it matters. Again.. a huge part of it is the total lack of any kind of dynamic economy. There's a type of economic background simulation but it's all faked.
I think its in the mid 80s
Explain how its faked? Are you serious? There are literally no factors effecting the economy outside of a minor price modifier for volume moved. One real basic example: An industrial station's production should drop significantly when not properly supplied, and prices should change accordingly. That doesn't happen. Don't even get me started on the fake NPCs that despawn and don't actually move cargo. Go play X3 for a while and then come back and tell me the ED economy isnt faked.
The *only* supply/demand model is minor price fluctuation based on units moved. That's it. It's shit simple. If you blockade a production station, that station's production should tank when not receiving proper shippments of required material. Things like food prices should skyrocket based on the population of the station. *None* of that happens. &gt; It's called instancing. If you really think this game ever said or ever planned to have everything on one huge megaserver, that's just misguided. It's literally impossible to have the in-depth flight model that Elite has paired with everything on one megaserver. No, it's called FD wanted to save server costs by using a P2P network system instead of a proper server-authoritative system.
This is known ~~fuckup~~ bug that's existed since god-knows-when.
What the other guy said.
&gt; The PC modding sales are, not quite irrelevant, but a very minor portion of their revenue. No idea what it is now, but they mentioned something on the bethesda forums a month or two after release that something like 40% of Skyrim sales were on PC. As I type this Skyrim is #11 on Steam's most played.
Yuup. Hopefully CIG meant it when they said they're re-doing the flight controls.
No, most aircraft are still mechanically linked.
&gt; I think you're the one misunderstanding the context of the quote. It was an attempt to explain to PC owners why the game came out on consoles. It was in response to people shitting all over CDPR for downgrading the game for consoles. &gt; Frankly, if they'd made it a PC exclusive and targeted a much higher hardware base many of you would struggle to run it. A 970 is about the minimum for 60fps now, how would you feel about needing a 980ti to run it at that? Star Citizen is doing just fine considering its hardware requirements. But on the topic of TW3, did you consider how much power they had to sacrifice from the rendering engine so that the streaming system could keep up with under-powered console CPUs? On PC you wouldn't have to make that compromise, allowing you to maintain higher framerates with a faster streaming engine. You don't need individual sales numbers -just total revenue. Big publishers are publicly traded, and you can value companies like Valve. Market analytic exist. You don't like the $25 billion number? That's interesting.. I've been reading that number for about 5 years now, though earlier predictions didn't think the industry would hit it until 2017 or 2019. The PC gaming industry is set to exceed it by 2016. But don't take my word for it, just do some Googling and you can find numerous sources all valuating the PC market at around 25 billion for 2015, give or take a couple billion depending on the estimate. Hardware sales are much easier to verify. You know where consoles are big? North America, parts of Europe, and Japan. Maybe Australia but I haven't looked at sales data for AUS. You know where they're not big? Everywhere else. Russia, China, and Korea are MASSIVE PC gaming markets. &gt; The fact that publishers fall over themselves to put out games for the Xbox One and PS4, while barely mentioning the PC, speaks volumes about the true figures. BIG publishers do. They do so because selling 2 million units is considered a failure, and they've now tailored their business model to annual releases. It's no coincidence that the decline of mod support and dedicated servers coincided with annual release cycles. But don't try and tell me that 6 million units of a game sold on PC "doesn't matter". That's complete bullshit. That's a huge chunk of revenue.. and for games like Skyrim, I'd argue that's probably the majority of it. I'm not saying the console market is worthless.. in total dollar value (combined) it only lags behind the PC market by a few billion. But it does lag behind, and it's continuing to fall behind.
[Take it for what you will](http://www.thegamersblog.com/understanding-the-numbers-pc-vs-console-sales-figures/)
I run a 780 with 3 gigs of VRAM. Use 4k textures. Works fine. RAM speed is arguably more important than RAM amount.
To expand a bit on how Skyrim memory management works: The application is 32-bit, full stop. That means Skyrim is limited to 32-bit memory address space, which means on a 64-bit system you can use a full 4GB of RAM, but no more (actually only 3, since the upper 1GB is reserved for OS space on a 32-bit process -this is true for both 32-bit and 64-bit OS's.). For the program that ~~*includes system RAM and video RAM*. They're addressed from the same pool~~ Not actually sure about that.. virtual memory addressing is weird and partially hardware controlled. Regardless, the program can't use more than 3GB of memory. The memory problems Skyrim encountered before Shesson's memory patch have to do with how the engine allocates RAM, not necessarily physical RAM limitations in itself (basically, the engine fucked up calls for more RAM causing a hard crash. The memory patch forces Skyrim to allocate more memory on load, significantly reducing or eliminating the messy calls for more RAM). ENB is capable of using memory in additional to the memory allocated from Skyrim. This is what's responsible for chewing up RAM/VRAM in addition to the 4GB Skyrim uses. So ENB effects aren't chewing into the program's main memory pool. The 6GB total in use makes sense with the memory patch + demanding ENB. An SSD will make a difference in load speed only, particularly when the program has to swap pages out of virtual memory and into system or video memory. A video card with faster RAM will be able to stream textures in and out of VRAM faster which will also lead to smooth performance. In my experience, scripts are the things that are going to fuck up your game more than high textures. Textures will just hurt performance (up to a point.. obviously, forcing the game to load more textures into memory than your system can handle will cause problems.. but again with the memory patch this usually manifests itself in extreme slowdowns more than crashes. Hence why I'd claim faster VRAM is more beneficial).
No, the actual game exec.
I agree completely with this. It's not the long development so much that makes me annoyed (though like I said in another thread, as much as some like to think otherwise, gamers don't have infinite patience), it's the constant blowing past release dates by numerous orders of magnitude. I mean it's seriously becoming a joke within the community at this point. That *is not* a good thing.
5 years.
Yes.
&gt; If it was grumphy europeans and **canadians** Last time the temperature dropped below zero was about a month ago. Can confirm no longer grumpy Canadian.
&gt; That's optional though, you can fly more WW2 aim your ship to shoot style too. Sure, you *can*, just like you can fly totally with a keyboard only if you want to. I also wouldn't call "WWII"-style "aim your ship" style. WWII-style refers to a model of flight physics, the later refers to a model of flight control. You can get rid of the Freelancer-style whack-a-mole-point-and-click gameplay without reverting to WWII flying.
&gt; "it's pre pre pre alpha it will change I made that point in another thread as well. The whole "hey guys it's just pre-alpha it will change!" is a dangerous attitude, especially when -as alpha testers- it's our job to comment on gameplay and mechanical issues in the game *before* they get to a state they *can't* change.
&gt; "it's pre pre pre alpha it will change I made that point in another thread as well. The whole "hey guys it's just pre-alpha it will change!" is a dangerous attitude, especially when -as alpha testers- it's our job to comment on gameplay and mechanical issues in the game *before* they get to a state they *can't* change.
&gt; However, it would actually make it more like WW2 since gimbaled weapons for pilots weren't really common in WW2. What? No, it wouldn't. The only similarity is that your ship has to be oriented the direction you're shooting. That's it. Having fixed weapons doesn't magically change the flight physics.
&gt; It doesn't, but fixed weapons on fighters in fighters is WW2 in space. No, it isn't. WWII in space refers to roll-dominant manoeuvring and emphasis on energy tactics rather than 6DoF maneuvering. &gt; Most people playing AC probably are using the more helicopter/Freelancer style aiming That statement makes me think you've never played either a helo sim or Freelancer, since neither of them are remotely alike. &gt; I'm not entirely sure what your point is though, That's obvious. &gt; The flight physics are independent of what guns CIG decides to offer Oh hey look, there's my point. Every time I mention changing the guns you keep saying it's magically going to change the flight physics to WWII in space. &gt; Fixed weapons = more like WW2 fighters Fixing the guns has absolutely **zero** to do with how the ships manoeuvre. &gt; Nerfed yaw = also more like WW2 and would be kind of like atmospheric flight. And once again, I haven't said *a single damned thing* about nerfing yaw, have I? Why do you keep brining that up?
&gt; I think you're just wanting to argue now, but helicopters have gimbaled weapons. ... and play nothing like AC. CIG also said AC doesn't play like Freelancer, which is categorically incorrect. &gt; Guess what, they're not nerfing yaw. Never been mentioned. Kick and scream to CIG cause it has nothing to do with me. That's assuming that's even what you want as I don't even know what you want other than to argue. You get what you get. Again with the nerfed yaw. Find me ONE QUOTE where I mentioned ANYTHING about nerfed yaw. Seriously. You're arguing a point *I never made*. &gt; Who cares if someone played a 'helo sim'. The only game REMOTELY like SC isn't a 'helo sim'. Why does someone saying the word "helicopter" when referencing NON-fixed weapons make you go on a 1up, you didn't play this type of sim rant? Bizarre logic, god damn. Because it's an irrelevant comparison. AC plays nothing like any helo game at all. Not even close. "Oh it has gimbal weapons that makes it like a helo-in-space-sim" is as stupid as "fixed weapons make it like a WWII-in-space-sim". You're using ridiculous comparisons to make counters to arguments I never even made.
Freelancer was an arcade game though, through and through. It was a 3rd person arcade shooter that happened to take place in space. Not saying it was a bad game or anything, I very much enjoyed it. But it was not a space combat sim.
&gt; You attempted to change it to some sort of flight debate, I don't care. No, [you did that](http://www.reddit.com/r/starcitizen/comments/39a1wb/can_someone_explain_the_ac_is_too_arcadey_thing/cs1tgwv). I never mentioned anything about yaw in space.
WWII-in-space refers to a very specific type of gameplay in space combat sims. You brought it up. You just decided to arbitrarily change the definition to suit your argument.
Modern missiles are significantly more difficult to use than any missile in AC. Furthermore in real life your objective is to unbalance the equation as much as you can in your favor, owing to the whole permadeath factor without restarts. "Its like that in real life" should in no way be used as an excuse for balance in an arena game.
And the AIM-120 AMRAAM requires changing radar modes and maintaining target lock as long as possible before switching the missile over to internal guidance.
Last time i checked it wasn't in AC.
See the followup post I made to /u/BoringGuy I have no issues with missiles. I love ordinance. I have issues with missiles that are over-effective, take no skill to use, and have few effective counters. Like the current missiles in AC.
Dude, you're comparing a $35 incomplete alpha to a $75 **released game.**
Don't know why you'd be downvoted. You're right.
Read the followup post. I went into it in detail using FS2 as an illustration. There's *a lot* you can do with missiles without making them a FAF "I win" button. Powerful missiles should be one of the most difficult weapons to use well -not a crutch for players who can't hit shit with their guns.
Ba-zing!
Thanks!
I tell new stick users to expect 10 hours or so to get comfortable with using a stick, and 3 times that to start to get any level of parity with one. Practice, and more practice. New stick users often have issues with over-correcting. Be gentle on the stick. If you have a death grip on it you're going to over-correct *a lot* and have very jerky movements. I'm a fan of high stick sensitivity combined with gentle, smooth movements for best results. Like /u/95688it said.. don't expect to be pro with a stick quickly. EDIT: Just to add, based on my experience, you *will* fly better with a stick + pedals than with a twist stick. It's far too easy to get axis bleed on a twist stick.
I run a GTX 780 Gighertz edition (3GB vRAM) and mostly 2k and 4k texture mods, with RealVision ENB. Get around 45 FPS outdoor and 55-60 indoor. Running 1680x1050, so a little less than 1080p.
Depends on what you want. Many people consider Morrowind to be the best of the TES series, but it's a lot more complex than Skyrim (both mechanically and gameplay), and uses more of a cRPG mechanic for combat than the action-based system of Oblivion and Skyrim. If you don't understand how Morrowind's mechanics work you'll likely find it frustrating. Both Oblivion and Morrowind have their flaws. IMO Oblivion is the most charming of the 3, but I really like the classic European fantasy environments. Morrowind feels the most like another world. It's the only one of the 3 where I *really* felt like I was in a strange place. Oblivion has some truly memorable quests. Daggerfall is fun for a nostalgia trip.
True.. but we'd also have quantum encryption at that point.
He's right. There's no such thing as unbreakable encryption. The idea is to make it unbreakable in any kind of practical amount of time. Without any other information or context, knowing if they meant figuring out an easy passphrase, circumventing the MS Word password protection on Mr. NSA McUnderling's grocery list they were composing on work time, or managed to get their hands on the keyfiles... who knows. If we're talking about properly protected files using a properly implemented encryption scheme, I find it highly unlikely the encryption has been broken. IMO (opinion, not basing this on anything) it's more likely they got their hands on the keyfiles and they manged to match those up properly, thus "breaking" the encryption. Either that or they exploited a vulnerability in the encryption implementation (note: that's separate from the encryption algorithm). (As a completely unrelated aside, a lot of people seem to be assuming that because an algorithm *can* take 20 billion years to crack, it *will* take 20 billion years to crack. A weak key can shave that down significantly. A tangentially related example for illustration, just effing around on my own computer, my NTLM hash would take 16 million years to brute-force every possible combination. I cracked it in 35 minutes because of the weak key).
True. They're one exception. I've never seen one used for information security in what I'd consider a "normal" environment. Not saying they aren't, but like you said, they're not overly practical.
Except your statement is technically wrong. I probably would have left it alone but you were pretty hostile with your response. There's also other ways of breaking and/or circumventing an encryption system that don't involve cracking or brute-forcing the algorithm itself. And they don't necessarily have anything to do with the cryptographer (or even the people that implemented the encryption scheme).
&gt; And who said vanilla skyrim isnt amazing Hell, I'll say it isn't amazing. Barely managed 20 hours in vanilla before I started modding it. And other than some texture mods, none of the first bunch I added were graphics.
Quick background, I'm a hobbyist writer and decided to try and use Skyrim to create portraits of my MCs for my current work (because I have zero artistic talent myself). I'm more than satisfied with the results. (Albums may be slightly NSFW.) Original, unedited [pictures are here](http://imgur.com/a/EXIdE). Most were made with Paint.NET. It's a very simple application of the Ink Sketch filter. I messed with the 'Ink Outline' and 'Colouring' settings on a per-image basis. For images that were either too dark or too light I also adjusted the luminosity and/or RGB curves. Sometimes I used the 'Cartoon' filter in GIMP if I couldn't get a result I liked with Paint.NET. Produces a bit of a different result, sometimes it looks better. As I get more familiar with Poser and importing my characters as NPCs I'm going to try and do specific scenes from my writing involving several characters. Just for fun more than anything else.
&gt; I guess it's less of an issue for PC users, with console command fixes etc. It's literally no issue. There's no such thing as "save slots" on PC games unless they're a shitty console port. There's 46 Skyrim saves in my saved game folder right now. Having said that, do you have any way to move data around on an XB? Like, can you archive your old savegames? Otherwise I'd just overwrite your oldest and work your way up. FIFO principle, etc. Maybe have 1 or 2 "Gold" saves that you overwrite every now and then after you've been playing for a while without bugs.
Then WTF is the OP on about?
Very nice. Love the colour tones.
No prob. Happy modding!
Fantasy, not related to Skyrim at all. I'm not sure what subset of fantasy I'd class it as. A little more gritty than typical high fantasy (but not dark fantasy), with some elements that border on what might be considered very early steampunk (pre-victorian.. think more high medieval with more advanced alchemy and metallurgy). I'm going to some lengths to create concrete frameworks for the abilities of my MCs (magic use and a type of martial arts) so I have hard limitations on what my characters can and cannot accomplish. So in that sense I'm trying to ground the fantasy in hard limitations, instead the, er "magic" magic that can -and often is- used as an annoying deus ex machina.
You might try some of the other X-Fire rendering modes in the CCC, such as AFR. Some games I had tons of issues with in certain X-Fire modes.
&gt; That's fucking outrageous regardless of the context. Why not $5 or something more reasonable? Because it works. People are funding at that level. Furthermore, Star Citizen is hardly the first or only crowdfunded project to have pledge levels that high. Why does it get singled out for it? Right now you can get the full game [on release] for $45.
Big fan of Oblivion. In some ways I like it more than Skyrim. Started the TES series with Morrowind myself.
Processor is probably where you're bottlenecking the most. Skyrim is heavily CPU bound. RAM or Video Card for a performance boost in Skyrim really depends on what kind of mods you're running. If you're doing a lot of graphical mods and/or running ENB, you'll definitely see a boost from a GPU.. in consistency if not outright performance anyway. Skyrim is only a 32-bit app, so while overall your computer will benefit from more RAM Skyrim itself may not. OTOH more RAM never hurt, especially if you're running things in the background. Which, on to another point, with only 4 gigs of RAM you'll want to kill as many background applications as you can. So my recommendations For only Skyrim - CPU/Mobo, GPU, RAM. For all purposes - RAM, CPU, GPU.
I recently fully modded Morrowind and started a new playthrough. Haven't got very far yet, but amazed how good the game holds up after all these years.
&gt; been doing a play through as ~~Big Boss~~ Snake Plissken FTFY
This is exactly why the pro-joystick crowd has become louder and louder, sometimes to the point of annoyance to many other backers. Calm, quiet, and reasoned feedback wasn't getting anywhere. After *a year* of making increasing amounts of noise on the issue we *finally* have an official response. Being quiet because "CIG is still working on it", "it's going to change", "&lt;insert other argument&gt;" wasn't getting anywhere.
Yup, with ya 100% on that.
Indeed, I'd really love for someone to explain the decision behind gimbaled weapons. In VERY early alpha the reasoning we got (in 0.8, when auto-aim was a thing) was because it was too hard to hit anything with fixed guns. I believe it for back then when ships handled 1000x worse than they do now. But that excuse doesn't hold anymore.
There were no fixed guns in 0.8.
On this note, I did some back-of-the-envelope math based on things CIG has said.. it would take over 2 months of pure $$ transactions to grab a ship that can be acquired in less than 30 hours of gameplay.
Looks like a contrary opinion here. Unless there's a medical, safety or *severe* behavioural issue involved, I'm vehemently against clipping. *Everything* about a bird is built for flight. Their bone structure, muscle structure, respiratory system, everything. Clipping them to make them more tame, IMO, is akin to muzzling a dog because it barks too much. Yes, clipped birds are generally more dossile... but before making the decision to clip for that reason consider the animal psychology at play there. As an aside, both my two became less aggressive toward each other once their flight feathers grew back in. That's because they can escape at will if they feel threatened or don't want to interact. They can also interact with me by their own choice, or bugger off to do their own thing. I've noticed a change in the behaviour of my birds once they got their flight feathers back. Yea, they're more outgoing, more curious, and many times more annoying.. but they're also much more fun to interact with, friendlier, and don't startle as easily. I'll also point out that the only injury requiring vet care either of my birds has had was a direct result of being clipped. Anyways, just my $0.02.
That's a sexy beast.
Are you using any other CH gear, or are you mixing different types?
No. LTI was specifically an early backer reward. Enough people whined and bitched about it to get CIG to forward it to every new concept regardless, and people are already pushing CIG to give it blanket to all backers. It's an early backer reward. Full stop.
I'm assuming you're using the control manager to calibrate and config the pedals. For some reason sometimes the control order in SC gets messed up. You might have to check your axis assignments each time you ruin the game if you're using multiple devices. Another problem I've encountered in SC is that, if whatever throttle you're using doesn't sit perfectly idle, when you do your control mapping in the game the throttle input axis will override whatever other control axis you're trying to assign (or any other controller, for that matter). Can also be a problem with twist sticks since the twist axis rarely centres perfectly. Have you tried assigning the pedals in SC without any other control devices plugged in?
Yes.. they should be mapped in game. How were you trying to map them?
Until she doesn't.
I don't get why he's being downvoted. He's kind of right. We've had several months of one of the most broken states AC has ever been in, with nothing new to chew on. If you've already participated in previous "fly all" weeks and aren't interested in bughunting there's really nothing here to be excited about.
Maybe if the majority hadn't tried to continually silence the people criticizing controller balance *for the last fucking year* they wouldn't be making so much noise about it now.
&gt; donated I didn't donate to shit. Backing a crowdfunded project is **not** a donation.
&gt; pre-pre-pre-pre alpha No, it isn't. It's alpha. WTF does "pre-pre-pre-pre alpha" even mean.
SC isn't even released yet. When it is it will be criticized as a released title, as it should be.
Yea that should do it. You don't get any odd behaviour with the axis in the control manager?
Hmm. I'm out of ideas. Never had an issue getting the axis to map myself. Maybe try /r/hotas or the Joystick thread in the Hardware section of the RSI forum. Lots of people with CH gear in there.
Who's asking them to fix every issue with it? Getting a little hyperbolic there.
So it's unreasonable for people to want a small patch done after what.. 3 months.. to make the game playable?
I'm assuming that's the 2015 version of Warzones?
Except with the direction it faces, I think I'd [be waking up to it](http://i.imgur.com/zyKc4UQ.png) if I worked night shift.
A few things if I remember correctly: * The UI was complete shit. Like, so shitty that a modder re-did it within 30 days of launch. Which is even more pathetic when you consider that the mod just changed XML files, leading many to believe Bethesda didn't even bother trying to make a good UI for PC. They just ported the console one and said fuck it. There's a reason SkyUI is *still* one of the most popular Skyrim mods. * Controller was enabled by default, and like almost all console ports with controller enabled it adds a ridiculous amount of mouse filtering and mouse acceleration. This made it almost unplayable. Yea, simple to disable in the menus, but.. that brings me to my next point: * Combined with the shit UI the mouse was almost unusable in the menus. It functioned almost as a "two stage" menu system where you had to click to select the option first, then click again to actually do it. And you had to *unselect* the option before you selected on something else. Half the time the mouse didn't even respond properly in the menus. These problems are still present in Skyrim, though they're significantly reduced over what they were on launch. Likewise, it feels like Bethesda didn't even bother testing with mouse control or took the "well they should be using a controller, otherwise fuck'em" attitude. * I can't remember what exactly but I remember having to do .ini tweaks to make KBM controls respond well. The entire game was set up assuming you were using a controller and mouse control was painful. I don't know how many of those have been fixed or not since it's been a *very* long time since I've done a vanilla Skyrim install. Basically though after Skyrim (for more reasons than I highlighted above) and after the Fallout 3 launcher DRM shit I sure as hell won't be installing Fallout 4 on launch. Skyrim worked for the most part. I'd say it was no more or less buggy than the previous 2 TES games.. but let's be honest, being less buggy than those wasn't exactly setting a high goal. IMO Skyrim had more severe technical/design issues than some of its bugs. I think Fallout 3 is a much better "vanilla" game in most respects.
I almost expected a Cliffracer in that picture... *shudders*
Depends what kinds of mods you're looking at doing. A laptop is going to limit you severely in terms of graphic or script mods. Good gaming laptops are pricey (like.. in excess of $800). If you're getting a laptop and intend to game on it, I'm *never* a fan of going cheap. It becomes outdated so fast it's just not worth it. A PC you can swap out parts as needed but as soon as something becomes obsolete in a laptop you're SOL for gaming without severe compromises. You can spend $1,000 on a good laptop and get 5 or 6 years out of it IMO that's a good return. You're not going to be gaming for even half that on a $400 laptop. Furthermore if you are going for a laptop it will be far more important to carefully manage your mods. So don't go crazy just adding crap for the hell of it.
That's fine, except it makes two assumptions: First, that the attacker is completely external to the computer/infrastructure, and second that the attacker does not have physical access to the computer or infrastructure. The biggest security breaches come from insiders or insiders working in collusion with outsiders. Those are incredibly difficult threats to protect against when dealing with information that you have to have readily available. A security solution doesn't work if *nobody* can access the data. Nor does it work if you can't ensure the integrity of that data (very hard to do in a large infrastructure if your computer isn't connected to anything). There's a common principle in IT security called the '[CIA Triangle](http://core0.staticworld.net/images/idge/imported/article/nww/2008/07/01fig02-100278455-orig.jpg)' - Confidentiality, Integrity, and Availability. A good security model has to be able to provide all three.
It was a new build, I had no baseline to compare it to. It was already blazing faster than the one I had before it. Noticed it was underclocked when I upped it from 8GB to 16GB a year later. BIOS default was 1333, should have been set to 1666.
&gt; Especially TR:Anniversary was so damn good. IMO Anniversary, Legend, and Underworld are the best of the series.
It was good for what it was, but it didn't feel like a Tomb Raider game at all.
Probably, but it doesn't make much sense. Tomb Raider has been around a hell of a lot longer with it's own style of gameplay, and it never had an issue being successful. Lara Croft is probably THE most recognizable video game character outside of Nintendo franchises. The few TR games that didn't do well didn't do well because they were shit games.. not because the formula was stale.
That actually doesn't give me hope. The Creation engine is a further developement of Gamebryo. They really need to do some serious overhauls to it. Hopefully FO4 does that.
I've brought this up numerous times.. Freelancer was 49 systems, total. Nobody complained about it not being enough.
&gt; we don't exactly have galaxy wide sensors that tell us where the enemy is so we have to get to him before he jumps to a more heavily defended system. Actually, according to the fiction, fleet manoeuvring and positioning does factor into SC lore. &gt; Targets getting out of radar or fuel range isn't going to be a consideration Yes, it is. Fuel will be an issue in SC, as will the capability of sensor suites. You can't judge SC gameplay on the current state of Arena Commander alone.
Pretty typical of my experience in ED as well. Also sucks when you're NPC farming in a loadout designed for PvE and get ganked by players. Funny enough, pretty much the *only* thing I do in open play is trading :/
Why not? "Program Files" is where the thing belongs, nothing wrong with putting.. you know... program files in the program files directory. Games that install to the root piss me off even more. Some games actually encounter problems if they're not installed to the default directory (I'm looking at you, Star Craft II). Not everyone is an anal-retentive technotard with 4 hard drives separated by purpose with a filing system that would put the KGB to shame. It's far more important having the *user* files like configs and save games go to the proper place.
I haven't spent much time in ED in the last little while.. I watched an overview of PP this weekend and was excited to get involved in that, as I gave up on the grind for new ships. I then realised how limited PP is for someone who can only play a few hours a week. Was kind of disappointed.
Missiles in SC are known to be broken, and they're known to currently be bugged (or at least the CS missiles). The signature system isn't even fully implemented yet and armour is a simple damage reduction. They haven't even attempted balancing on them yet. In SP there's a known bug that causes missiles to teleport from the AI ship to the player's face. And you're seriously trying use it as an example about how "balancing is hard"? Like, really?
&gt; There's direct, wing, and local cha That works 30% of the time, if you're lucky.
My system running an AMD K6-2 and Radeon VE still runs. It has Windows 98 on it. Won't run XP, the NT kernel has issues with the PCI bridge in the VIA KT-133A chipset, specifically when running certain PCI sound cards. Took me forever to diagnose that one. Otherwise I don't think any build I've done has lived more than 4 years without upgrading something.
Dude, why did you even create this thread? You created the thread using ridiculously general ship classifications, asked for corrections, and *argued with everyone who provided different opinions*. Furthermore with an arguments basically consist of "No, you're wrong" rather than actual reasoned counter points. Sounds to me like your opinion was already well decided before you posted the OP.
I wish they'd slow down on the concept sales a bit. I know, zero reason too. The shameless monetization is just starting to bug me for some reason.
&gt; All you have proven is that you guys cant release anything in the timeframes you set yourselves. I'll expect the FPS post next week or the week after. &gt; But you know..... Don't rush it. Ouch. Edit: This is a comment from the thread, for those that didn't bother to read it.
&gt; 23 million was all they needed to show a publisher that the game had sufficient interest to then be funded by a publisher for the rest of development process No. ~~$500,000~~$2 million is the amount they needed to show *private investors* that there was interest for this game. $21 million is what was needed to develop it. $23 million is what was required to cover the associated costs (like KS costs). A publisher never factored into it.
There was *one* early piece of concept art that had it on that side.
I use a full CH setup. Works amazing for SC.
&gt; Supreme Commander was very much different from SC and did really well for a new franchise. Part of the reason it did really well was because of its heritage in Total Annihilation, which many people still consider to be the best RTS ever made. SupCom plays a lot like TA. So while it's "technically" a new franchise, it's a new franchise in the same way Bioshock 1 was.
Adding more to this. These guys aren't joking when they say the game can be slow paced. You can make a "normal" sized map (one solar system -max is 3) go on for 7 or 8 hours if you want. If you have the time to dedicate to it Sins is one of the best RTS games out there.
Pretty sure this post violates rule #5.
Which in no way whatsoever contradicts anything i said.
Honestly, at that point, just do bulletin board missions. They'll pay almost as much and you'll be able to knock them off a lot faster.
&gt; I'm trying not to get sucked into subreddit drama, but I don't like to see how divided this community is getting. If you think it's just getting to that state now, you've been living under a rock. This community has been full of the "if your lips aren't 100% firmly pressed against CR's ass, you're 100% against CIG and Star Citizen" crowd for a very long time. I remember making comments to this effect over a year ago. Just go back and review some of the more critical discussions on CIG and/or Star Citizen going back over a year.. criticism in this sub is traditionally *heavily* downvoted. The difference now is the number of people who are vocally critical of CIG, the ones who don't take the "everyone just wait, it will all be fine" approach are increasing in number and becoming more vocal. This community has stifled objective criticism of CIG for far too long. It has this impression that complete disagreement with a decision CIG makes is akin to lack of support of CIG. That attitude is fucking stupid beyond words. I'll completely agree that some people turn it up to "11" far too quickly. But honestly I'm glad to see comments where people going "WTF CIG?" and not immediately see a "-50" next to the name. The same Reddiquette applies to any post... if it's on topic and contributes, don't downvote it. If someone posts a shit post, downvote it. If someone posts a shit inflammatory rant, report it and let the mods deal with it. Don't downvote something just because you don't agree with it. I love the guys and gals at CIG. I love what they're trying to accomplish, and I love the passion they radiate when they discuss what they're doing. But they're *not fucking infallible*, and they're not exempt from objective criticism (or even well argued subjective criticism). It's time the hivemind that exists on this sub stopped pretending they are.
&gt; It's kind of annoying the constant calls for calm when people are pretty chill to begin with... Seriously. This sub is probably the most laid back game-related subbreddit I've been on.
What do you consider "well paying"? IIRC most cargo runs you can do in a sidey should pay around 2-3k.
Uh, no, that's not it at all.
Ben blatantly said the reason they have to keep pushing concept sales. I have no idea what you're trying to argue. Here: &gt; . and to be perfectly honest, at the end of the day we have to keep bringing in some amount of revenue to operate the way we are right now. That's not because we haven't raised a heck of a lot of money... but there are a number of fairly dull business reasons why it has to continue in some way (the largest has to do with, per my understanding, credit He says right there it has zero to do with the amount of money they've raised. If they've properly managed the project, their "safety blanket" should well be factored into the $86 million they already have.
You're confusing money they've raised with what they're treating as an ongoing revenue stream. CIG, at least partially, is treating continued crowdfunding as a business revenue stream. That's dangerous, and is one of the main reasons crowdfunded projects (especially games) fail. I don't want to imply SC is in danger of failing. It has more than enough $$$ to succeed. But like I said in another comment, CIG is making a revenue stream that they *depend on* based on selling *concepts*, without delivering a product. That should at the very least raise some eyebrows. Perhaps put another way -they're no longer dependent on meeting their funding goals, they're now dependent on a *continued revenue stream* without having delivered a product.
LOL
My Mom's dead, asshole.
I love bacon but hate cheesecake. I'm not sure if this combination would take something I love and make me hate it, or take something I hate and make me love it. I do love bacon flavoured jam though. That's awesome.
Those bastards.
I wouldn't count on getting 10k missions until you get into your second ship. And yea, the RNG can be a real bitch at times.
I hardly got 20 hours in vanilla Skyrim. I put over 80 into TW3 in less than a week.
Reminds about how Thomas Andrews, the lead naval architect on the Titanic, wanted the *Olympic* liners built with a double hull, but it was deemed "too expensive".
It annoys me when people refer to Freelancer as a space sim. It's not. It's a 3rd person arcade shooter that happens to take place in space. It's a very good game for what it is, I thoroughly enjoyed Freelancer. But it's *not* a space combat sim. Numerous times early in SC's development we were assured by CIG that they were *not* going for Freelancer-style gameplay. We've all seen how that turned out. Frankly, I think they targeted this game at the traditional space combat sim audience... and have steadily been making it "more accessible" as the money started rolling in. And they're so surrounded in a "CIG can do no wrong" echochamber they have zero clue just how much they're pissing off a lot of their original backers. Of course another question is: At this point, do they really care? It took them over a year to even comment on the control balance issues. Freelancer-style game will be more financially successful than a traditional space sim, no doubt about that. Most younger gamers have no concept of a space combat sim, given that the last good one was released in 1999 and we haven't really had a really good once since. You can see this in the complete misunderstanding of role-based balancing rather than "+gear" based balancing and obsession with DPS that's vastly more common in today's games. I fully believe the original target was to make an in-depth traditional space combat sim. I just think CIG has changed that now that the game has gained popularity.
&gt; However no one is talking about how great it's performance is on the consoles. Why should anyone be patting a developer on the back for making a game run like it should? I don't go over to car forums and praise the manufacturer when my car starts and runs properly. It's expected. Buying a car or a game, I gave them money with the expectation that I get a product that works as advertised. IMO the only time this is appropriate is when a product truly accomplishes something great, like The Witcher 3. &gt; if there are problems occurring from PCs, why are people more vocal about it, rather than problems on consoles. From a performance perspective, there's no excuse for problems on PC compared to console systems. Not only are the systems more powerful, they're more powerful by such an order of magnitude that a game doesn't even have to be optimized as well as it is on console systems to get better performance. Other issues are simply the result of lazy porting, like the piss-poor console UI (which doesn't work with a mouse), or lack of FOV sliders (generally a requirement on PC). Another issue comes up when it's painfully obvious that graphical features have been disabled just so the PC version of the game has parity with the console versions. Watch_Dogs for example -when the technologically more demanding features were re-enabled, the performance of the game actually *increased* for a great many PC players. Give me a legitimate reason that bullshit occurs that isn't the developer/publisher deliberately downgrading the PC version. It's bullshit like that that REALLY pisses off PC gamers. You'll notice PC gamers are less vocal about issues that impact the console versions of the games as well. While the expression "misery loves company" probably applies to some extent, at the very least it's likely an indication that the problems don't exist solely because the game is on a different platform. &gt; Also here's a question why does it really matter how many frames per second does a game go by? Does it make the experience more immersive? Clearly you've never played an twitch-based game on a computer monitor at high refresh rates and high FPS. Playing 60 FPS on a TV doesn't count -TV's draw the screen differently, have lower refresh rates and much higher latency than monitors (and quite frankly if one doesn't understand the difference between monitors and TVs and what motion blur and frame blending are and how they're treated differently on a monitor and a TV, they really won't understand the FPS debate anyway). &gt; Idk I may get hated for this post in general but it seems to me that people are more vocal about problems on PC gaming rather than console gaming so what's up with that? Let me reframe the debate for you so you might understand it better. If nearly every cross-platform game that came out performed like complete shit on a PS4, but worked fine on an XBone, do you think the PS4 community would be quiet about it?
On the contrary, the books add a shitton of context to the games. Especially TW3.
I think this is mine as well. It unseated FreeSpace 2, which has been my favorite since 1999. I can not overstate the love CDPR put into this game. Very obvious if you've read all the books.
&gt; I got this glitch for a while a few months back but it stopped That actually makes me think you may have a faulty DIMM. I'd run memtest86 just to be sure.
Yes. It's a real program that visualizes the file system, and if you actually read the directory names in the movie, it's clearly showing a UNIX directory structure. I love it when people get all smug and "hur hur hur Jurassic Park" with that scene... because it's actually correct.
&gt; for some reason that i don't understand Texture streaming.
When a ship is loaded the entire geometry of the ship is loaded in RAM (including damage models if they exist), and SC doesn't have any LOD implimented. So loading all the ships in the hangar pulls in *a lot* of data.
Not yet.
&gt; In Africa there are places where it is literally illegal to be gay And in the United States, there are places where it's illegal to hold public office unless you're a Christian. Are you going to complain about *that* reality not being represented in Star Citizen?
&gt; If all you had were games with no black people because they are fantasy medieval worlds, that would be something worth pointing out, no? It depends on the context. In the case of TW3, it was clearly projection of the American view of "racism" onto an Eastern European setting (that is, "how can there be racism, there's only *white* people all over the place?). I won't get into how ridiculous it was for a game media outlet to be criticizing TW3 for being "racially insensitive" when they didn't even understand that race issues weren't the same in Eastern Europe as they are in the United States. Same thing applies here. For example, the LGBT political issue doesn't apply everywhere. It's legal here. It's been legal here for a long time. We have a lesbian Premiere. You know how many fucks the people of Canada give? Zero. It generally never comes up. It never comes up in conversation (unless it's a relevant point of the conversation), it never comes up in political discussions. It never comes up anywhere within the Government, either (I know, I work for them). So why the heck would I want it brought up that the Governor of Kantares IV is homosexual when I'm playing the game? It's simply a non-issue in that context. Another token from experienced authors: "If it doesn't move the story, cut it." If it makes sense from a narrative perspective to let the audience know the character's sexual orientation, then do it. If it doesn't, it has zero place in the story. And on Diversity.. it's another word for being politically correct. Diversity has nothing to do with equality or being inclusive. Arguing for diversity in a video game is literally arguing to include something *just because it's there.* From a story perspective that's one of the stupidest things you can do. There's a huge impression in the PC camp that if you're not deliberately including something, that must mean you're automatically against it. It's fucking dumb. Yes, you're right, diversity has become a bad word. You know why? Because it's used to force Affirmative Action agendas. It has become quite literally the opposite of equality. As another poster said.. if LGBT relationships exist in the PU, just like a hetero relationship, it should be more or less transparent to the player *unless it has narrative value*.
I'm already planning on decking my Freelancer out as a gunship.
I wouldn't say that. Merchant raiders and armed merchant cruisers were effective in their roles.
Uh, no. You can very well have a game that's complex and deep without having a learning curve as steep as a cliff. The idea is to have easy to understand and grasp core mechanics, with very deep layers of interactivity. Arena Commander has already achieved this to an extent. It's very easy for most people to pick up and go pewpew, but to be exceptionally good at it takes some work (learning proper vector movement, power management, shield management, etc).
So what you're saying is... a player who's better and dedicates more time to understanding how a game works will destroy a player who doesn't? The only way to solve that is to make the game mechanics so shit simple it turns into a point-and-click whack-a-mole game. There's nothing wrong with low barrier to enter with a high skill ceiling.
This. So much this. Along with games that attempt to make themselves more difficult by simply not letting you save as much. In many games the frequency of savepoints decreases as the game progresses simply to make it "more difficult". That doesn't make a game more difficult. It makes it more tedious. Lack of quicksave also discourages me from exploring or experimenting. 'Oh, there's a fight up ahead'? Well, I could try tackling it a different way, or I can do it the way I know will pretty much work because I don't feel like repeating the last 10 minutes of the game if it fails. "Save scumming" -especially in open world games- can easily be avoided by delaying the consequences of the player actions. The entire Witcher series is a perfect example of this.
Except for the whole being co-ordinated in a side slip and destroying your aerodynamic profile in a forward slip.
I liked the idea of powerplay. Then started resenting it when I realised that, as a player without a significant cash reserve, it was still pretty useless for me. It's basically "end game content" if you will. Desperately needed, don't get me wrong there, but does absolutely nothing to address one of the core, often repeated complaints of E:D -the game is a ridiculous grind with no point but to grind. Though now you *have* to do it if you want to enjoy PP.
Play SQ 42 with your friends then. Apparently co-op will be possible.
Save maybe the Hull series, I've felt most of their ships have been overpriced since the 890 Jump.
How much have other major AAA studios shown after 3 years of development (and SC has only been in development for 2)? Most AAA games aren't even announced until there's less than 12 months to release.
The quick googleology I did basically agrees with your numbers.. with the following caveat: Established studio with an established engine. For one random example, the original demo of Bioshock was presented in 2004. The game was released in 2007. Guild Wars was *announced* in 2003 and released in 2005. Skyrim started development some time in 2007 or 2008, and was released at the end of 2011. And that was with an established studio on an engine they were *very* familiar with. So 2-3 or even 4 years max is definitely not the rule. It might be more common (because publishers want returns on high $$ investments), but that short release is driven by a business need.
I wouldn't mind thousand-strong missile salvos either.
As /u/Guy_Hero said, it's dithering, a way of rendering shadows and transparency and is a result of TW2 using certain features of DX9. No way to fix it. You can reduce how noticeable it is by increasing the resolution and/or downsampling.
I've tried about every free video editor out there.. they all suck ass. Seriously. Windows Movie Maker is ok for very basic stuff, but anything more than that (and if you're anything but 16:9 or 4:3) it sucks. Lightworks may still have a free version, it's decent but puts some significant limitations on the free version (IIRC still limited to 16:9 and no more than 720p)
Camera controls are on the top-right of the screen. Easiest way to go to different places is to hit the 'M' key to bring up the map.
Thanks, I was wondering what that shortcut was.
What are your system specs? Is there anything in the Windows application logs?
&gt; No, sorry, try again. They've hardly added anything since the Kickstarter that wasn't already in a comparable state before the Kickstarter. Whaaaaat? We didn't even have a playable slice when the crowdfunding campaign ended. &gt; Go back and look at the assets they presented years ago and compare it to now. They're over 4 years into development now, and a staggering majority of the game-as-is was produced before the Kickstarter ended [This has to be a joke](http://s845.photobucket.com/user/max274/media/StarCitizen2014-01-1519-37-28-76.png.html). [Did you even bother doing any research?](http://i.imgur.com/F1ohQVf.jpg). So far all but ONE of the ships have been completely re-done. [Original Connie](https://star-citizen.wiki/images/9/92/Constellation_after_VD.jpg). [Current Connie](http://imgur.com/a/wWAZW). They're also not 4 years in development. They just passed 3. And they still have well known people working for them. Take a look at CIG's roster. &gt; That's the part I don't understand. In the last 2.5 years the only new content I've seen is some mocap and decal improvements Then you haven't bothered looking. Like.. at all. &gt; , a bunch of marketing funds spent on fake commercials for fake spaceships, Wrong again. Notice how we haven't seen any new ship commercials in over a year? Know why? Because the purpose of the ship commercials was for Foundry 42 to practice making in-engine cut-scenes. They've been spending the last year working on SQ42 instead. The commercials were never funded by a marketing budget. &gt; and some truly terrible casting choices for their voice acting talent. I honestly have nothing to say to that. They don't have a single shitty actor in their casting lineup. &gt; And the most compelling part of the entire game - the fact that it was both space sim and FPS, which was the only thing separating it from other games like Elite: Dangerous, and was a major factor in investors choosing to invest in the game in the first place, has been cancelled indefinitely. No, it hasn't. [Alpha 2.0 actually fully integrates spaceflight with FPS](https://youtu.be/j6SUDiq1ZMM?t=388), and the FPS arenas are still in development. They were moved behind PU development instead of ahead of it. &gt; Tell me again about how much progress they've supposedly made [A lot](https://robertsspaceindustries.com/project-status). But that would require you to actually read some of the development literature or actively participate in the alpha.. two things I'm guessing you haven't done. &gt; OVER ONE HUNDRED MILLION DOLLARS People seem to forget that CIG didn't start with $100 million. They started with $6 million. Star Citizen was originally scoped and budgeted as a $21 million game, not a $100 million game. &gt; Compare that to GTA4 which costed about the same amount, and was completed and released from scratch in 4 years By an established studio with an established in-house engine (GTA4 wasn't from scratch) and an **initial** budget that exceeded Star Citizen's by 400%. You don't have to like Star Citizen, but you're not even close to correct on a single thing you said.
[Overwatch](http://nraas.wikispaces.com/Overwatch). Cleans up a lot of problems Sims 3 has.
No such thing. It's either TLI - Target Lead Indicator, or PIP - Predicted Impact Point. PIPs by design lag.
&gt; She hired an unauthorized IT person Doesn't matter. Conflict of Interest and/or improper hiring process isn't one of the allegations. &gt; to illegally destroy government records And that's the thing, the Crown will have to prove their case that she knew, at the time, what she was doing was illegal. &gt; were of interest to an ongoing parliamentary committee I should say that my points (likely) mostly pertain to the Mischief and Misuse of a Computer charges. I think she's going to have a very difficult time getting out of the Breach of Trust charge, for the reason you stated there. I think a possible defense there would be to claim she didn't know the emails in question were documents required by the SCJP.
Possibly. The term "breach of trust" is intentionally vague in the Criminal Code.
Yes, but controllers are generally considered the worst of the control input systems for Star Citizen, for a variety of reasons.
&gt; Honestly, using a joystick it maps horizontal controls for (Which would normally be used for rolling) for my yaw, the Z axis for rotating, and then vertical for vertical That's actually the way nearly every space combat sim works, going back to the original Wing Commander and X-Wing games in the early 90's. And it makes a great deal of sense -you want your primary directional controls on your primary axis. In space, that's yaw and pitch, not roll and pitch like an aeroplane. Regardless, like nearly every other game in existence, if you don't like the defaults just re-map them.
I never played sims games before, grabbed both over the Christmas break (sims 4 on origin and sims 3 and a bunch of EPs on steam). I've dropped about 50 hours in Sims 4 so far and about half that in Sims 3. Sims 3 ran pretty crappy on my laptop, and I expected it to run a lot better on my gaming rig. Holy crap was I wrong. My loading times are about 1/3 of what they were on my laptop (about 2-3 minutes for save game load now), but the open world freezing, lack of responsiveness, skipping, and other performance issues remain. I know everyone complained about TS3 performance, but I wasn't expecting it to be *that* bad on a dedicated gaming rig. I was not expecting stuttering every few seconds. It's not enough to make me not play, but it is noticeable. TS4, on the other hand, runs amazing. I have it maxed out (and was doing 2x DSR, but the UI scales like crap) and my average load times are less than 5 seconds. Runs smooth as silk compared to TS3. I'll still play both. Especially with mods both games offer me something different. Despite the overall better graphics of TS4 I actually prefer the art style of TS3, though I think the character models in TS4 are much better. Faces in TS3 look off to me, but I like all the options I have in TS3's CAS. I do like TS3's open world but I don't think if TS4 had it the game would really change that much. I do like the ability in TS4 to have multiple households per map. Once TS4 has some more EPs and once the modding especially starts to get to TS3 levels I'll probably be playing TS3 less. But like I said at the moment they're different enough games that I'm enjoying both.
&gt; players make up 10% of the population and activity you will see, That statement is constantly quoted out of context. It *does not* mean for every player running around, there will be 9 NPCs. What CR meant was that's the population ratio for purposes of the *background simulation*. That is, the system running the economy, mission generation, and stuff like that.
&gt; That background simulation determines what gets loaded into any instance containing players. No, that's the job of the Global Instance Manager. The background simulation is what number crunches the dynamic universe. *That's* the system that operates on the 1:10 ratio.
&gt; . So literally the answer is no The problem is that quote is always taken as literal. The person I replied to said players will make up 10% of the population and activity **you will see**. That's not correct. You're not going to see a 1:10 player/NPC ratio in busy instances. The background simulation is going to operate the universe as if 90% of the population is NPCs. It's not a trivial distinction, considering how the quote is often used to illustrate 'how many NPCs will be running around'.
To give you a non-douche answer, Chris Robert's main issue with console systems is the closed architecture, and specifically Microsoft and Sony's policies around patching, updates, and community interactions. He's stated before that he would **consider** bringing Star Citizen to console systems if MS and Sony would allow CIG to patch and update the game without having to go through ridiculous loops and if they would allow open and cross-platform play between all systems -two things I'd give a snowball's chance in hell of happening. He's also stated he would in no way, shape, or form compromise the PC version of Star Citizen to make it compatible with a console system or the console crowd, from either a technical or mechanical standpoint (this is the source of the oft-quoted "Star Citizen will never be dumbed-down for a lesser platform"). Take this point with the one above and I think chances of ever seeing SC on a console system are slim to none. From a technical standpoint, Roberts believes SC could be made to work on at least the PS4. It's powerful enough to run it, though obviously with nowhere near the fidelity of a PC. No idea about the XB1.
No problem. Luckily for console space sim fans both Elite and No Man's Sky have/will have console versions.
Maybe self evident, but I assume you extracted the archive into your Sims 4 mod folder?
In the meantime you can always look at classic PC space sims like FreeSpace, TIE Fighter, Independence War, etc. All great games from the '90s that will run on pretty much anything these days.
