I'm very familiar with sarcasm. That wasn't sarcasm, it was somebody who was incredibly wrong. Just stop.
There's a link discussing it in the sidebar. Suffice to say, I'm still more than qualified to discuss the law.
Have you received a diagnosis? Are you getting counseling to help with the problem?
I don't think you fully appreciate exactly how much you don't want to do this.
I assume he's being blackmailed and he's trying to tell us that something is wrong.
That's actually brilliant. It's a shame it sounds like a slur.
Just buy a damn pipe like a normal person.
"Phobia of cigarettes?" Really dude? You should be rethinking your career path.
Ah, okay. Yeah, big difference. I took a look on angel list, they've got some solid people on board, and I'm sure they're going to get millions in angel funding before they ever really get started. Even then, they may never take off. OP is not in the same category. I also guarantee that their very first step was to pay a very large retainer to a reputable law firm.
I question the demand. Their video presents gas stations as this massive drain on time, but I just can't imagine that people really feel that way. If I'm in the car driving, I'm always going to be driving right past a half-dozen gas stations. The only way I can imagine using this service is if they were somehow quite a bit cheaper than anything else.
What does your contract say that makes you think they're in the wrong here?
As an Ambassador Extraordinary from the State of Colorado, I hold diplomatic immunity.
Yeah, this is the sort of thing that will draw DEA attention even in Colorado.
You need a lawyer in Nevada. It's really not optional for something like this.
You may not qualify for a PD, but you can try. Call the local PD's office and ask about qualifications.
That just sounds like a really odd clause. I'm not convinced you aren't misremembering it.
They only get one. After that, he'll have to serve as a slave on board a pirate ship.
How do you think I got all of my comment karma?
~~He should have his doctor call in another scrip, or just go without.~~ He won't have any withdrawals unless he's using way too much. If you go through a TSA checkpoint with this and get caught, you're going to get arrested.
Haha, I don't think I've ever been called out so much for a mistake on here.
Totally agree. He should sue, but damned if I'd ever expect to collect. This was a lesson that cost more than my Bachelor's.
Call the cops. There's no way this is legit.
Give 'em a call. They'll usually let you reschedule a couple of times. It's perfectly reasonable if you're going on vacation.
It's absolutely grounds for termination or corrective action. On the plus side, you may learn firsthand that welfare isn't only for people who don't want to work.
It's hilarious to me that people who misunderstand government functions like welfare also misunderstand government functions like enforcement of the first amendment.
We should do a /r/fictionallegaladvice thing for the next April Fools' day, like /r/askhistorians did. Although about 50% of our questions are already fictional.
Nobody thinks they're one of *those* welfare people, but everybody thinks they're the majority of welfare recipients. That stigma makes so many people afraid of getting the benefits they have a right to, it's really quite sad.
I heard you the first time.
I'm a proud patriotic American. I love my country, and have dedicated my life so far to making it a good place for people to live. And you know what? If I ever need it, I'll be happy to use the system I've helped support all these years.
Maybe he's not quite as employable as he's lead us to believe.
Mostly whisky, cigarettes, and little patience.
Keep working remotely until they fire you for not going onsite. Then collect unemployment.
Scam.
Good point.
Ever been submitted to a detailed screening? I have. They catch a lot, and ask about everything. I'm sure they'll notice a different name on the scrip.
Jesus. Screw legality, are you interested in ever working again?
He did. Just now. I'll agree with him, this is petty.
A lawyer you hire would be telling you the same thing. They can sue, and it would be expensive. You'll likely do more damage to yourself than anyone else.
That's the thing. . . Unless you're some righteous whistleblower, there's no good reason to be airing dirty laundry in the first place. Do what you like, and have fun being sued.
So /u/placebo_addicted and I were right the first time around? Excuse me while I smugly smirk at the 30 people who so firmly disagreed.
Oh, be sure to let us know.
I'm honestly not sure if the law says one way or the other, but I'm sure someone else will weigh in. It's tricky. On the one hand, I feel like that's not a very good reason to deny a handicap tag. On the other, I don't like the idea of a doctor having to write a prescription against his will. Because this is going to effect more people than just you, I think I would call a local disability attorney and see if you can get a free consultation. Many cities have non-profits that do this kind of work all the time.
To add to /u/grasshoppa1's good advice: there's no legal way to force them to take this down. What they're reporting is accurate, and it's an annoying symptom of living in the 21st Century.
Hey, no need to apologize. Nothing about your post seemed malicious, and it's the sort of thing that all sorts of people have problems with. Hell, I've got a few friends who came out as trans within the last 2-3 years, and I'm still the asshole that occasionally misgenders them. It's hard to overcome what you're used to.
You're asking if you can give power of attorney to an inanimate object?
I fucking wish. If you want the really obnoxious part, I was a pretty good third baseman at both the college and high school in that town. You can't find shit about my baseball career on the internet anymore.
I still haven't given up on my dreams of playing in the majors. One day, one day.
It doesn't sound like he's refusing to pay, so much as he's demanding that you also pay him. Did you break the cups? If so, you probably owe him for them.
Once you've reached this point criminal charges are the least of your concerns. He should be more worried about a big brother or dad.
Nah. It was still an asshole thing to do to the poor kid phonebanking you, though.
Sounds like you handled it exactly perfectly.
Cheerleaders are doing roids now? Damn how times have changed. Those donations help fund the school's endowment. It makes it easier and more affordable for people to go to the school. if you got any aid or scholarships from the school, it's good to pay some in when you're able to.
That's an interesting tangent you went on, but often those scholarships are on a merit basis. I, for example, got great scholarships because I had great grades and solid extracurriculars in high school. FWIW, I paid for the rest of it by working all four years.
Don't worry. He'll get six weeks into his first real job before they realize their horrible mistake and shitcan him.
That feels a little broad. I sure wouldn't sign that as an employer. That wording makes it sound like I'd be paying your lawyer bills if you get a DUI off work.
Keep in mind we're only a couple years out from a new president. It wouldn't take much for the new guy to direct the DOJ to start going after these guys.
&gt;It's a viscous continuum and sue me for putting an end to the whole pointless exercise. Do me a favor. Print that sentence off and save it. In five years, I want you to read it again. You need the opportunity to appreciate exactly how silly you sound.
C'mon, man. Don't wish that on his peers.
I don't work in disability law, which is why I recommended that OP consult a specialist.
Make sure she knows not to send any money. This is a very very common scam, unfortunately.
That's nice.
I'd recommend trying /r/RBNLegalAdvice. They'll do a better job of blowing smoke up your ass.
What did they claim?
Aww, you made a friend!
After the statute is up? No, that's impossible. After they first investigate the crime? Sure.
If you have to find a loophole to live somewhere, you need to find a different place.
Okay. Is there any reason you didn't have custody? I'm not trying to be accusatory here, it matters.
&gt; but this is something that is definitely not legal. How do you figure?
Sounds about right. &gt;any advice on what to do from here is appreciated You can: * Pay the money * Don't pay the money and get evicted * Negotiate a lower amount. The last one is not a realistic option.
I mean, it sounds like it could very well be a manufacturer problem. Having shitty products isn't illegal, or McDonald's would have gone out of business years ago. It seems like they got their money back, so I'm really not sure what else they could really expect.
Yup. There's no reason for them to accept a lower amount. This is probably their standard fine for this kind of thing. If you don't pay it, they can ding your credit report. Having an unpaid fine from a landlord on your credit report will make finding a new place to live much harder. Definitely worth paying.
Or the manufacturer's machine ran out of thread and they swapped out the wrong color. Or it's built on an assembly line and the person doing the lace used the wrong thread.
The point of the fine is to get you to mow the lawn. They set it high enough to make sure you'll mow the lawn next time, but not so high that you won't pay it. It's the same logic behind parking tickets and the like.
It's a cellphone and you know it. Nobody owns calculators anymore.
Are you in a position to care for the child now?
Eventually OPs will start to accept that "making me happy" is a pretty good reason to do things.
I would have kicked you out if she'd done that in a store I was managing when I was in retail.
&gt;Is there anything else I should know Yes. Avocados have more potassium than bananas and can help lower your cholesterol.
Hah, I haven't worked retail in many years now. And I'm really not the bitter sort at all. I've got a great life. If anything, my fault is hopeless idealism.
Or it's a troll that read the article. That's my money.
&gt;BBB I covered that by saying she could leave bad reviews. The BBB is just a non-profit with no real power. To top it off, their usual goal is to help create a resolution. The resolution in this case would be a full refund, and that's already happened? &gt;FTC Really? The Federal Trade Commission? For a poorly made dress? At the very most this could be some sort of false advertising, and I'm not thinking that's provable. Can she complain? Sure. Will that do anything for her? No. &gt;Help support her complaint Assuming she ever gets in touch with the manufacturer, they will say it's the store. The store, in turn, has already said it's the manufacturer. OP and her mom have no way of proving it's either, and they now have conflicting testimony. How does this help her? She needs to leave her bad reviews and go find a new dress in a different store.
You're asking if it's legal for a friend to ask him out for drinks and ask questions? No, I don't think that's gonna rise to the levels of harassment. Is there a reason why his former employer might be trying to dig up dirt on him? If all he's got is friends asking questions, I worry for your friend's mental health.
They didn't ask if you'd been charged? Really? Are you sure?
It's for sure extortion, you can call the police. Still, your felony charge is a matter of public record, and almost certainly something your school has asked about on your application. If you lie on that application you will have committed fraud. If and when they find out you'll be kicked out of the school.
Jesus. You hit about 10PM eastern and shit just gets wacky around here.
Generally you want someone who practices in the court you'll be tried in. That's the county you were arrested in. However, it's likely that an attorney in your county will have experience in the neighboring county. Assuming it's all in the same state, you can probably safely choose whichever you like best.
I know the case, but it hasn't stopped people from being charged for photoshop child porn since then. See my response above.
You should ask the attorneys who will need to travel about their travel expenses. That can get expensive quickly.
I bet they end up getting off after the appeals process is done with. They may not even get convicted. None of that is a cheap proposal, though.
So, I think it's important to clear this up here: *you* don't file charges. Your role in this is to talk to the police and cooperate in their investigation. They will then pass it along to the district attorney. *He* will press charges. You do not need a lawyer to do this, and you don't get to decide what the charges will be, or whether charges get brought. Does that make sense?
That's what I've been told too. Arguing about the validity of the delusions isn't helpful.
Shockingly, theft is considered illegal.
If I could get my insurance company to cover my nightly allotment of whiskey, I'd be a happy man. As it is right now, it's still illegal federally. The federal government does not recognize marijuana as a medical treatment, so it doesn't really matter if you have a prescription.
Did you commit any crimes that will come up in the course of questioning? For example, did he cut you because you cheated him on a drug deal or something?
Depending on the exact content of the call, it could be harassment, threats, any number of things. One call (if it's bad enough) can absolutely be sufficient for a harassment charge. However, OP will know better. I'm not his attorney.
Because somebody decided to ask me rather than you on the last thread, what are you being charged with?
There's probably an argument to be made that it would be aiding fraud even if it was a private employer. Similar to how it's fraud if you lie on your resume. He's not as likely to get charged in that scenario, but it might be possible.
Is there a question here? Or just a somewhat uninteresting anecdote?
It's Berkeley in the 70's, man. He's still burned out.
I blame Harvard. Besides, Kaczynski wasn't at Berkeley for the really fun parts.
I understand your frustration, but it depends: were there onions on your burger?
Depends on all sorts of things, including the location. She can call the PD's office and ask about qualifications.
They have until the statute of limitations is up to bring charges. That looks to be at least three years.
You should contact your attorney if you have further questions.
Yeah, the OP of this post wasn't flippant or insulting at all.
Sounds like a scam. They have many ways to find this kind of information. I would just ignore it.
They'll use the call to get more information out of you, eventually leading to something that can be used in some sort of identity theft or fraud. Don't sweat it, just ignore it moving forward.
Federally at least, no. I'm sure there's somewhere with such a restriction, simply because there are 50 states and hundreds of cities out there.
They could. They might just mail you the ticket.
Right, but this isn't a camera ticket.
Depends. It may be a frequent enough thing in the are for them to be annoyed. It was enough to piss off the bartender, so who knows. Also: not all mailed traffic tickets are camera tickets. I've seen people cited for various thing from witness testimony. The most common we see here comes from school bus drivers.
Well damn. You're absolutely correct.
Nope. It's implicit in that that you have their permission.
&gt;Find the PD and look online. What do you mean by this?
Got it. Just sounded odd.
Just saw that. I still have no idea what he was trying to do.
Yeah, your post history makes it a little obvious.
Good I hope so.
How very lawyerly of you.
I *suspect* she might be more my type.
Way to key in on the biggest issue there.
I think it's time for a sit down with someone in the police department. Make sure they know everything you do and understand your fears. This sort of problem won't go away until you move or he does something big enough to land in jail.
Nah, you're correct as usual. It was just funny to see "call animal control" as the first thing on the "somebody is trying to kill me" thread.
As much as I hate cats, I can't fault you for that.
Dogs are great. Cats are just terroristic bundles of fur set on making me sneeze.
It's the expense of a steady stream of benadryl that bugs me.
I was gonna recommend following him around in a ship armed with water cannons, but to each his own.
To be fair, the 21st explicitly repealed the 18th.
Really, each of the post-B.O.R. amendments overwrote either judicial interpretation or the direct wording of a previous portion of the constitution.
No.
Your PO can likely test you whenever she damn well pleases. If you're on probation, don't do drugs. You don't have much longer to deal with this, don't chance it.
Agreed.
That's incorrect. The case has to be proven beyond any *reasonable* doubt. It's certainly possible that each of this hypothetical serial killer's victims merely killed themselves in exactly the same manner whilst framing the suspect. That's possible, but not *reasonable.*
Generally, yes. There are exceptions to this. For example, if you have a duty to care for someone and don't call 911 when they need it you could be considered negligent. So if your kid or patient stops breathing, you need to get them help. If it's a complete stranger in the street, you have no such obligation. I certainly think you're correct to say that you have an ethical/moral duty to help, but I wouldn't necessarily say that a political candidate has any ethical obligation to share a plan like this. Mind you, he's not likely to get elected on a plan that he refuses to elaborate on. To answer your earlier question on my qualifications: I'm actually uniquely qualified to talk about some aspects of this question. I'm a professional lobbyist and political consultant.
Of course you're a West Wing fan.
Keep your mouth shut and silently judge people. Leave your personal beliefs at the door, even if others don't. *Especially* if you hold the minority opinion.
You can pay him a fair rate for the 50% to buy him out.
Don't they generally use chalk?
Is it an LLC or another form of corporation? If so, you may be on the paperwork creating the corporation. If you aren't, you likely don't have any rights here. You'd essentially be an employee.
So there are two likely scenarios: * You have partial ownership already. In this case you may be able to buy your father out of his shares and have sole or majority control. * You don't have partial ownership. In this case, you currently have no real control over anything, and you'd have to buy some control of the company away from him. In either case, he doesn't have to take any deal you offer him.
Sure thing. If it's really causing you this many problems, I'd strongly consider leaving and starting your own company.
&gt;"would a reasonable person suspect this pill box is used for drugs?" I agree, with a small quibble: "would a reasonable person suspect this pill box is used for *illegal* drugs?" I suspect the answer will be "yes." I think it probably hinges on details OP hasn't given us yet. My guess is that it was a prescription container that was either expired, blank, or made out to a different person. In any of those cases, I'd say it's reasonable to take a look.
Yes: No, absolutely not.
I'm at the end if my day and ready to have a beer and go to bed. As such, I'm not going to delve back into the debate right now. However: I upvoted you, but ultimately disagreed with you. As others have pointed out, it's not as clear cut as your quote would indicate. The same SCOTUS case also indicates that it *is* possible for evidence found in *Terry* stops to be admissible. Still, you're right: you have a solid point, and a solid argument. Dismissing it with downvotes is uncalled for.
I'm with /u/UsuallySunny. This was a disturbed man, and likely not the first or last we've seen of him.
We have a fan? How did I miss that? Edit: oooh. I forgot about that. Having fans is weird.
This has already been discussed ad nauseam, and I'm not going to go over it again, but: it's not so simple. I should also add that an officer does not have to explain his cause for a search to *you.* He has to explain it in court. He doesn't have to say a word to you.
Florida law very clearly covers "lodging accommodations" under theft of service.
I check every poster's history as a matter of course.
If you bug your boss's office, expect to be fired *much* faster than your asshole boss.
Then your friend should hire an attorney.
Wow. You're not that bright, are you? You should cut your old employer a check. If the police come to talk to you, say nothing without an attorney.
I thought so. I lose track of the legaladvice/SRD crossposts, though. I just assume everything makes it here eventually.
Doesn't matter. There's still a child that needs supporting.
No shit. But how did they figure what rent was? Did they base it off of what it's rented for in previous situations? Did they ask the squatters? Did the agent confess and tell them the amount? Did they estimate it based on similar rentals in the area? It makes a difference.
Likely, yes. But that doesn't mean they can sue their agent for that amount. They may only be able to recoup what the agent herself made, and not the full potential amount. If they somehow have reason to believe that 10k was the *actual* dollar amount and not the *potential* earnings, I'd like to know. That's why I commented on it.
Are you a minor?
How cool. Didn't know that was a thing. I wouldn't start just yet, for two reasons: * It can take a few days for the paperwork to process, and it only happened yesterday * It's the weekend, and the process to dismiss started on a Friday. Your attorney probably can't tell you anything quite yet. Try calling the court on Monday.
See, you *started* with good advice before you went right off the rails. So close!
&gt;Could I take any legal action against this man? You can report him to the police. He's certainly crossing some lines towards harassment here. &gt;If anything happens to me because of this (harassment, harm, etc) can he be charged with something? Absolutely. &gt;Is recording him making a demand or threat enough to constitute blackmail/coercion/extortion? Quite possibly. It would depend what the demand is. If he says something like "give me money or I'll report you to the university" it would certainly be extortion. You should make sure the recording includes your boyfriend telling this creep to never contact either of you again, that will help with the harassment case if he continues.
You should delete and repost without the firm's name.
You're correct that just sending the information and the pictures is not on its own illegal, but it's certainly massively creepy. The fact that the guy isn't engaging or saying why he's doing it sounds somewhat ominous. I think OP is right to be a bit worried here.
There really isn't a foolproof way. If it's a check that you weren't expecting or for an amount you weren't expecting, it's either an error or fraud. In either case, you would be breaking the law if you cashed it.
There's nothing illegal here at all.
Somewhere between "not likely at all" and "absolutely guaranteed." Location will matter.
He's an adult. He can grow a pair and move out. If his dad literally has him locked in a room, he can call the police.
I see two possibilities here: * Your boyfriend is remarkably gullible for a supposed adult, or * Your boyfriend doesn't want to move out and is lying to you.
Thus "he can grow a pair." This isn't a legal issue.
If he got the original phone before he turned 18, it's likely still his dad's property. I'm serious: if he actually believes this, he's just remarkably gullible.
That's not what I meant by "location." You've been asked half a dozen times for your location: where do you live? Laws are dependent on location.
You literally said it in your post. You said that 2 of your mom's 3 attorneys were paid off by your dad's family. Is that not what you meant?
Having fans is weird.
I generally wouldn't recommend trying a citizen's arrest, it opens you up to all sorts of liability. Still, it's worth it if the alternative is somebody killing themselves.
It was made out to an LLC, not OP. Would you really cash a check made out to anything other than you?
Agreed, but I had one interview offer that would only pay if I was offered. I didn't take the interview because of it.
&gt;This sounds like the work of some first-time communications director who watched too much House of Cards. Don't get involved with this guy, he doesn't know what he's doing. As a political communications consultant, I couldn't possibly agree with this more. This is not how these things are handled, not at all. Frankly, this is enough of a bush league play for me to think it may not have happened. Then again, I've worked with some *really* stupid communications directors.
I don't think I believe this one. If this guy has as much political acumen as OP seems to indicate, there's no way this would be handled this way.
Jesus. Looks like I picked a good weekend to take off of reddit.
Yeah, I commented on /u/Dear_Occupant's thread. I also do political consulting for a living, and have certainly found out about affairs in the lead up to announcing a campaign. I could imagine somebody having a chat with the girl to gauge whether or not she's a threat, but no political operative worth his salt would ever pay her off.
I agree with just about everything you've said in this thread, but I feel I should clarify just a bit: I really don't think there's anything illegal in any of this. Of course, that doesn't mean he can't get indicted and royally fucked for this move.
Oh, I think *this* will likely come out. However, I don't at all agree that "it always comes out."
So you weren't stealing it, you were just storing it down your pants? Pull the other one.
It's not even the financial cost I'm worried about, although it's significant. It's the end of his political career.
Nah. My bet is a congressional candidate. Edit: to elaborate a bit, *every* 2016 campaign is gearing up now. Presidential contenders would have already dealt with most of this kind of stuff, but congressional candidates are doing their early friends and family fundraising right now. This is also the sort of bush league play I'd expect from a congressional campaign, but not a national campaign.
You're the one who posted an article about a politician's legal battles. I was just responding to it.
If you're salaried, you don't get overtime.
If it's real, my guess is we're talking about a congressional candidate and a small-town reporter. That would account for the amateur thinking on both sides.
Question marks, man. They're a thing for a reason. First things first, you don't press charges. Your role in this is to report the crime and aid the police in their investigation. If the police think there's a valid case, they'll turn it over to the district attorney. If the DA agrees, *he* will press charges. I think this is an important distinction to make, because you really have no say whether or not charges are pressed. However! If you have witnesses and cooperate with the police, I think it's likely he'll be charged. I have no idea what his punishment will be. Could be prison time, could be community service. You will not be compensated simply because he's convicted. In order to get compensated, you'd need to sue him in civil court for your damages. It sounds like you don't have any damages to sue for, which is fortunate for you.
They are absolutely within their rights to rescind the offer based on this record.
Exactly. He could have been a state rep or even a city council member. He might have his old staff working the congressional campaign, and they're the ones in over their heads.
Not proper security, just the dickhead park manager in his golf cart. They've always got some sort of authority complex.
Could be. If OP is local press, she could cover *any* politician in the area. He could be the current mayor, a state legislator, or a city council candidate jumping to any higher position. I'm all but certain this is a 2016 race, though. If it was a local level 2015 race, it would be pretty late in the cycle for this to be going on.
I know.
That's way too situation specific to answer.
The ticket is an account of the incident written by a first-hand observer. The officer is the eyewitness, and the ticket is his account. Hearsay would be if a completely *different* person was testifying based on what the ticket says, or what the officer told them.
You're not sure if you like me because of the fact that I like trailer park turf?
Depends. Do you have access to a time machine?
It did. The subredditdrama posts are pretty great.
What does your contract say?
They're not violating your fourth amendment rights, you're voluntarily setting them aside in this instance in exchange for the ability to sell alcohol. I'm sure you can reassert those rights at any point. Of course, they can rescind your license if you do so.
