the jungle hat is so unfresh i make it a point to target people wearing them and ensuring that I try and kill them at least twice a match. The jungle hat is gross and it is a crime on squid society. Its very existence is a mistake and patrons of the item are accordingly also mistakes for having thought such a heinous thought. i'm only half joking.
a kid hanging out in the wilderness when said game is set in a metropolis / acropolis area is quite unfresh
so lets have a bunch of knee-jerk reactions just like yesterday
THIS IS WHAT I WATCH TANKETBALL FOR THE CLOSE GAMES THE YOUNG TALENT THE PING PONG BALLS #AND THE LOSSES
#[MFW TJ WARREN HAS 29 POINTS] (http://i.imgur.com/CYW3P6i.jpg)
try OKC ORL or LAC - GSW, either time
Dammit pels we can't tank at full efficiency if you guys also keep losing games
If we get the right package. I do not expect to be getting the right package anytime soon.
I can call a hater when I see one
That makes way too much sense for it to ever happen. But that third team who would get Waiters and Morris... holy shit that'd probably be a really good team.
ah ha HA I LOVE MEMES
Why you being a hater?
buy wii u, play splatoon, lose fuckin mind
Remember, timmy's unfortunate life is the entire reason he was granted fairy godparents in the first place
It's okay, he's gonna change it in four years
SQUATS JUMP ROPE LUNGE SQUATS and remember to ice your knees that's all it is really after a bit of training I bet you'll be close to doing [this] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Bwpi-LLv2k)
so much of it
I was 6'4" at the time of that, 6'5" now and I can't jump as high as back then (I was touching the top of the square back then) but I can get to dunking height much more easily now.
i just mostly did track and field (high, triple jump) but it didn't help as much as just doing squats, lunge squats, and jumping rope. I would probably emphasize lunge squats and jumping rope the most out of all exercises in terms of verticality. Because verticality is a combination of explosiveness and strength; you also can't go wrong with incorporating some dead lifts into your routine (maybe some cleans as well) but if you had to do the bare minimum to reach 10'6", i would definitely stick with lunge squats and jump rope.
at this point i'm willing to believe that hornashit is now simply a myth, is this guy real
Going back to .52 gal after running with a dual squelcher was like "HoLY shIT LOOK AT ALL THiS POWER". First time gal users will probably be mindblown by that weapon.
if you are using a tentatek or other weapon w/ suction bombs: using a suction bomb right at it will make the bomb explode immediately. if the enemy is close enough to the wall that will immediately splat them. Seen it work way too many times for it to be a gimmick.
AWIIIISE CHICKEN AWIIIIIIISE
YOU CAN DO IT just channel the spirit of Skinny Lowry
Don't consider comedy as a career path then, you kind of stink at it
&gt; not complete idiots Jury's still out on that one, too
Im happy with Booker but I lowkey wanted Portis at 13
Damn I wish I could link that picture of Saitama saying "ok"
I dream of a day when low-success teams can all run rampant in the playoffs again Talkin suns, nuggets, kings, pelicans, timberwolves, blazers (i guess), jazz, and for pity; the lakers as an 8 seed
Wow devin you are good at basketball
Teej's form is so much different than booker. Teej hatches it back like Rashard Lewis and has little arc on his. Devin's is pure textbook and has that y = -x^2 arc to it
and warren for that matter
WOOOOOOOOOO THE DANK TANK ROLLS ON POST YOUR TANKEST MEMES
[this was more applicable last game] (https://i.imgur.com/ms4zVtC.png)
this went from Greg Jennings/Marshawn Lynch to /r/undertale real quick
Deandre Jordan is Tyler the Creator
bro speights tho
whoo wee what will be next for our favorite orange fuccbois whoo wee
#HE LOST FEELING HOLY FUCK so glad he's feeling better at least.
rose where do you find your splatoon stats / current loadout?
Holy fuck that guy just got shat on
How people draw well on miiverse befuddles me. My personal accomplishment was drawing a Lennyface for Naughty/Nice Splatfest.
For the good of the tank, I hope both of you guys win today :3
jesus i knew we were bad but i didn't know we were THIS bad
Good god kill me now
I cant stay positive for a tank anymore this shit fucking sucks massive horse cock
I find it ridiculous how much crossover there is between the splatoon gamerbase and the undertale gamerbase
if only he had a jumpshot
plus he already has the postup game of a PF
Honestly if we just catch Brooklyn and get that 3rd worst record I think we have a shot at Simmons
If we can't fix Alex Len with our magic I have no clue how we will be able to fix Joel Embiid
it's a copypasta
Except for those shitty problems when you have 3 to 4 unknown constants as a solution and you need to break out the algebra book just to find that shit
ONE SPLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT
PLAYER 5 HAS ENTERED THE GAME?
shut up pubert
i'll force it as long as you still peruse this board shitposting so pretty much forever hahahaha
aaaand i've made you mad hahahaha
Hahahaha
I just got to S after busting through A and A+ (honestly A and A+ were way easier of a time than B+ and A-) and I might have to agree; I'm not really getting better playing in S. At this point I'm staying away from solo ranked and I'm playing with my friends in squad battles, and it's so much damn fun playing this way - and I feel like I'm getting better, too. I feel like it might be a bit of a trope that "oh look you got to S now you're only gonna squad battle so you don't lose rank" that I'm following, but I gotta say, not worrying about the rank of the opposing team... it's definitely really unstressful
lol what is a main real talk tho splooshes fuck my shit UP fam
But it fires SO SLOWWWWWWW
"God fuckimg dammit"
Not kidding, she actually is a monster. I am NOT a fan of Sniper Mall. I mean, Rose's playstyle is to basically be snipers' largest nuisance / worst enemy, so I can assume that the large amount of ways to flank snipers on that map is good for her, but for the rest of us, god that map just stinks.
"You think I made a mistake? IT WAS YOU WHO MADE THE MISTAKE"
nash had a lazy eye too
Tentatek
https://gfycat.com/SinfulUniformIrishsetter
https://gfycat.com/SinfulUniformIrishsetter
these blue hornets jerseys are the sexiest jerseys since the black barkley era jerseys
just put leuer, booker, and warren in the game and give them the green light. And for god's sakes pass the ball.
BRICK CONTESTED LONG TWO BY BRANDON KNIGHT. If you are surprised... you shouldn't be.
TJ: "Coach put me in" Hornacek: "If you do that we'll win" TJ: "Idgaf I wanna get buckets"
WE JUST HAD A BALL MOVEMENT PLAY PARTY LIKE IT'S 2006
PASS THE BALL BRANDON KNIGHT IT MIGHT DO YOU SOME GOOD
Devin booker that was sick as fuck have my children
Devin Booker Over / Under on bitches fucked at Kentucky: 200
#COACHING PRO TIP: TO START WINNING, GO BOWLING i guess that's what roman was talking about all this time
caaasin
it's surprisingly good grip on the padding of the stanchion. we played in the pauley main court in IMs at ucla and I jumped off of it to reverse my momentum after dead ball was called on a fastbreak and I got some nice air.
In terms of the eye test, I'm going with Gerald Green. In terms of legend, it's probably Wilt or Michael.
August, level 42, rank S30
The dual squelcher's advantages with the same loadout are better than the N-zap's advantages (longer range, slightly slower fire rate / run speed).
FIGHT FIGHT FIGHT HOLY SHIT PAULEY WAS SO FUCKIN LIT
hope d'angelo is fine
True. I was at the monmouth game and there was NO energy.
Motherfucking ngyes
Maymay is forced 2/10
Anyone else here play Undertale? I'm making a concerto piano version of the final boss of the pacifist run's theme song. I put some progress up on soundcloud (soundcloud.com/kingzzylard) In other news, I realize I have no motherfuckin game when it comes to talkin to girls. I can get a haircut and look damn fine but it doesnt matter if I just dont know how to talk to girls. Really regretting my all-boys hs education rn.
We havent seen one of those in a while
good e-liters are legitimately better than me and I can't complain if I'm unable to take them out through conventional means (i.e. without a special)
it's the whole "Undyne is a pretty fish" paradigm - Only beautiful in fan drawings / fanart
daddy walton can't leave the west coast due to flying issues regardless.
I NEED IT
Okay so do us all a favor Make a message to the person in particular We are not all one mindset Doing this makes you come across as a huge douche We know that most Warrior fans aren't fuccbois like you but you aren't helping anyone with this petty ass shit
I guess "GO**LL**DEN STATE [an exceedingly large amount of W]ARRIORS" wasn't doing it?
Damn now I need to go name my mii "Ice^3"
welp I have a new idol to look up to. this guy makes fucking amazing music
[lebron] (http://i.imgur.com/2dzM8Sf.jpg) [right now] (http://i.imgur.com/xcHlOSr.jpg)
BOOKER #THO??!?!?!?!?!?
- Dunkey remix
Good, good
Hey we know that feel
Oh hey there /r/TumblrInAction
If I was the E-Liter I would have exited the lobby, re-evaluated my entire life, and then picked a new weapon. I don't think E-liters are necessarily OP. I just dislike them.
The E-liter 3K scope now zooms in even further. You can view the cellular structure of the squid that is about to be splatted. The game now becomes a "what the fuck am I looking at" simulator.
Fuck
do she got the asss? she dooo
Bro im just tryin to levelup gear I ain't got time for your needless shenanigans
we've been waiting for that pen to go dry for a long motherfucking time. but every time we think it's juuuust about to go dry, they hook that shit up to an ink hose.
it's got megalovania as the music to the 'final final boss' which is just him convulsing in laughter as he repeatedly pets lesser dog
I agree its hardly anything i just wanted to bring it up
every time i step on the court i need to relearn how to shoot all over again. Also my body is letting me down HARD. My shinbone is terribly bruised and Both of my calves cramped up yesterday. I'm barely 20, why is this happening.
here in LA for school. wanting to go to arizona for a while now.
i have an andre iguodala shirsey but that's the only shirsey i have. i have barkley, nash, and two bledsoe jerseys otherwise. i've bought a KD shirsey for my sister but that doesn't count for me
aww i should do that for my mom when i have money
go for it
i dipped out all of today because i was cleaning my place so that I could have 20 people over to play smash and mario kart 8 while getting absolutely hammered that's where i've been, i'm normally on these
here is what we would say "TANK FOR SIMMONS TANK FOR SIMMONS TANK FOR SIMMONS"
Well if you're willing to drive to westwood, LA, we are chillin and drinking rn
"Chris came and left"
actually tho the guy looks like he's 12 and pissed
Mike D'Antoni would be proud
PG did it with the idea that there was 1 second on the shot clock, but I see your point
what would happen to this subreddit if the spurs lost to the clippers in the first round
the battle between two shitty coaches
well he's not bad but he doesn't have the respect of the team
little bit of column A, little bit of column B. Hornacek has completely lost the respect of his players. he's too timid
brandon knight you dolt
If you went into kh3 without bbs you'd be like "who the FUCK are we trying to save right now? Who the fuck are these people? Why is Roxas two people now?"
we all are taking vacation the team is taking a vacation too, we decided we'd join them
our defense is bad, but rubio's not a bad scorer
fuck our defense is bad
go cardinals
Ill change it
&gt; "FOCKIN BUBBLER" &gt; "OHH YOU SHOULD BE DEAD"
Discuss below: Ideal strategy for TOWER CONTROL
He just swum RIGHT through your ink, that's gotta stink also I love that you gave him the switcherooni right after he gave you the switcherooni
when you started playing the league's worst defense baby
if we don't get ben simmons after this suckiness whoo boy it's gonna be a long fuckin rebuild
[me_irl] (http://i.imgur.com/Q6SOYRA.png)
I take that as an honest to god compliment
that seems about right yeah
then again; popping your bubbler on maps like triggerfish, moray, parts of arowana where there is water and falling to certain death if pushed off the tower is extremely dangerous
we just tied minny and we're on a downward swing. If we win only 1 out of 8 games for the rest of the season it's very likely we finish sub 20 wins and land the #1
is the lottery here yet oh it is? oh wait, wrong lottery same result probably - someone in southern california is gonna win
yeah that's pretty much it. you can put immense pressure on protecting the zone with this weapon. Probably one of the best guns to use with splat zones.
Ah, yeah, in "His Theme." I realize it's wrong but I like how it fits the melody.
all i see is you guys losing your pick
Got it!
u got me
Discuss ideal strategy below for: SPLAT ZONES
Discuss ideal strategy below for: TOWER CONTROL
Holy fuck Kemba Walker.
good maybe then we can actually get a good team going
personally I agree. If we have a good enough package, then yes, everyone else including bledsoe, len, and knight are tradeable.
holy fuck that's an Andre Drummond statline
i know i was doing the shiteroo
Yeah I've been ad libbing it. I can definitely adopt this format; i'll do that for today's post!
Well, yeah... The Octobrushes are fantastic fucking weapons.
It's because squidward can't play the clarinet and that's all you hear coming from this motherfucker's face
san antonio spurs because if they're not gonna lose anytime soon they should just let someone else win for once
Discuss strategy below for: SPLAT ZONES
idk disruptor the tower and echolocator when you can or some shit what the fuck you supposed to do with this weapon anyway
If you are surrounded by a team that is able to keep map control, apparently this is a great weapon for flanking because it has a quick TTK. But at that point you should run literally any other close range weapon like a sploosh, burst bomb main, carbon, octobrush, or roller.
just spam disruptors and try to keep map control, pretty much. you can't do much in combat with this gun.
throw the disruptor at the god damn rainmaker
indiana don't fuck this up blow us out again pls
Ben Simmons. One of those is actually enticing to watch and could be a member of the suns in a year. I'm saying could be. not saying will be.
#DEVIN BOOKER HAS 30 POINTS HYPE
#\#FIRSTROOKIETO30
it's gonna be really soon when knight gets relegated to 6th man and booker gets the starting role when eric comes back or when we get a PG that can actually run the offense
denver has like 4 starters out; how are they still good
and DBook just dropped 32 today. Great prospects, great horizons.
if tf2 has mann vs machines, I want inklings vs octolings / octobeings, if we aren't gonna get playable octolings we should at least have a horde mode in which we join our fellow squids and unite against a common CPU
make a new mii and let her ruin that one
Discuss strategy below for: RAINMAKER
Discuss strategy below for: TOWER CONTROL
lob suction bombs onto that tower like you're a tentatek or a splash-o-matic. When people fall off (and they inevitably will), go in for the kill and crush them. On certain maps, killer wails are not very useful, but for tower control, there will always be a use for killer wails. You can either aim at a sniper perch and clear house or you can aim at the tower and clear house. Or, if you just feel like yelling "KAMEHAMEHA" and firing up into the sky pretending like you're Goku, you can do that too. As for the main weapon, it's probably more beneficial to support around the tower rather than ride the tower yourself. Riding the tower, you are at a disadvantage because this weapon does not have a large amount of range an you cannot be as mobile around the tower as a sploosh-o-matic or a tentatek. Instead, clear out enemies on and around the tower from below; and support those riding the tower by zoning them and distracting them.
I haven't played enough SZ with this weapon to gather enough on playstyle for this certain game mode; I will defer to the community.
#I would also like to mention here that Inkipedia does preferable gear sets for each weapon; in addition to those, would you guys want to add on to preferable gear sets for each weapon?
agreed, he's being a great swiss-army knife for you guys right now
TJ didn't make the rookie sophomore game last year but you are free to add him into your roster
The homer in me would put TJ Warren in for either McDermott or Bogdanovic but if hornacek keeps not fucking playing him then idk what's gonna happen to him
oops let me put my megaphone away
thanks! I couldn't have done it without urging from the community
I didn't say they did, they are just there for reference
We are 2 for the last 18 so i believe we can do it
Note to self: stack the fuck out of defense ups
I don't really have a main but I can guarantee that damage stackers fuck my shit right up. The amount of times I've exclaimed "FUCKING LUNA" or "FUCKING E-LITER" is way too high in proportion to the other weapons. The few times I stacked Defense Up, I actually noticed I was coming out alive a lot more because of the damage creep meta.
she already does that to prepare for people with no defense up
oh hi there how you doin
Hi! i work at both. I'd say 6-10 for BFIT, and pretty much always after 3 for Wooden.
Damn this post really proved that people love to poop on the Warriors, but when the wording is exactly the same for the Spurs, people get defensive as FUUUUUCK.
and people get on the case of Warriors fans being defensive. smh.
Discuss strategy below for: TOWER CONTROL
Discuss strategy below for: SPLAT ZONES
all i got is da-mage, sorry for my mis-sin, but i've been practicin'
Great maps for the splat charger vs. bad maps for the splat charger: ___________________________________
Good weapon matchups vs. bad weapon matchups ________________________________
