Last time I locked my beater outside my brother's place overnight (Wilson Ave. L stop) nothing was taken, even though I only used a single U through the frame. But someone used a boxcutter to split the seat in half...
It says &gt; D.C. officials are retiming all 1,600 traffic lights in the District to ease travel for drivers, bus riders, cyclists and pedestrians. and &gt; *Some* of the lights haven't been touched in 30 years and &gt; Sixty percent of signals in D.C. have been retimed already... This does not say what you think it says.
I still don't understand what the actual allegations here are: &gt;Police were aware that a large group of young men groped a string of teenage girls at the We Are Sthm music festival in Stockholm in both 2014 and 2015, while publically describing the atmosphere as being calm, Swedish media are reporting. This implies that the police did not accurately report the number of crimes, but... &gt;The Dagens Nyheter (DN) newspaper says it has seen a memo from last summer, warning police ahead of the event that there was a known "problem with young men who rub themselves against young girls" at the festival. According to DN's sources, the alleged attackers were mostly believed to be refugees who had come to Sweden without their parents. Officers had, however, **avoided informing the public that they had made this connection**, the sources claimed. This makes it sound like the "cover up" consisted of the police reporting crimes, but *concealing the racial/ethnic identity of suspects*. But then: &gt; Police earlier said that there had been "relatively few crimes and people taken into custody considering the number of participants" in the festival, however on Monday they admitted that the full picture had not been given. "We should certainly have written and told people about this, no doubt. Why it did not happen I do not know," Varg Gyllander, a press spokesperson, told DN. This *implies* the former allegations, *but never states them.* Did DN accuse the police of not reporting crimes (a truly sinister allegation)? Or did DN accuse the police of not publicizing a wide-spread type of crime (possibly a public safety issue, but depends on context)? Or did DN accuse the police of not publicizing the racial/ethnic identity of suspected criminals committing a wide-spread type of crime (highly subjective allegation)? I've seen this story developing on /r/europe for the last two days, and the anti-immigrant right is making itself heard loud and clear. Even someone in this thread is blaming the "multi-culturalist" boogeymen for this. And perhaps it's a translation issue (e.g., maybe Swedish police have a different reporting duty than American Police), **but I still haven't seen the actual allegations.** Short of that, this reads like a lot of "Why won't Obama say 'Radical Islamist Terrorisim?!'" fluff. Caveat: I am not in any way trying to claim the attacks didn't happen, or that they should not be taken seriously. I'm making the argument that this "scandal" may not be as sinister as the anti-immigration DN is making it out to be. But I am also an American who hasn't read any of the primary-source coverage.
&gt; The official story was that this simply didn't happen. No abnormal sexual assault numbers, definitely not involving Afghan immigrants. That certainly sounds damning. Forgive me for being persistent about this, but I'm still not clear on what this means, exactly. Are you saying that women and girls reported being attacked to the police and the police did not file complaints (i.e., a formal process that would be recorded somewhere and theoretically initiate an investigation)? Or are you saying that the police recieved a large number of complaints but then made no public statement about the increase in the complaints (i.e., the police did not announce "Hey, everybody! Watch out for a bunch of guys groping girls in public!")? &gt;It has already been stated by the police that most of these sexual assaults at the festival went unreported, despite this in 2014 and 2015 there were a total of 38 actual cases entered into the police database, in 23 of these cases the girl was under the age of 15 and in only two cases were the girls over 18. Again, what does "went unreported" mean? Do you mean formally, as in the police did not record the attacks as reported by the victims, or that the attacks went unreported by the media? I'm sorry if this sounds pedantic, but I'm really trying to understand.
They're not trying to [justify the crime](https://www.google.com/search?q=justify+definition&amp;oq=justify+definition&amp;aqs=chrome..69i57.4000j0j1&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;es_sm=93&amp;ie=UTF-8), the article added that important fact for context. You mentioned two crimes to make your point; that's literally why the phrase "the plural of anecdote is not data" exists. Yeah, this crime is disturbing (as is the 7/4 stabbing) for the same reason: the motives seem irrational. But that doesn't mean you're less safe. Statistically, you're safer than at any point in the last seven years!
These downvoters must really love their lotto.
&gt; the transplant version of campfire stories. That's a good read - I'll remember that one. I also think a lot of transplants like to have some participation in their community, and the easiest way to get involved in your community is via outrage.
I agree, it is awkwardly worded. But then again they're TV people, right?
It's not entirely meaningless. Even if you accept the idea that grad rates are inflated, employers who want to see that you finished high school don't know that; they just want to know you didn't bail on something that was hard. Even relatively meaningless certifications still have some level of value, because they [signal](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Signalling_(economics\)) to potential employers that you went through the effort to get them.
&gt;it People are still talking about two different things. &gt; random unprovoked attack on an unsuspecting person Assault. Face criminal charges. Possibly go to jail depending on circumstances. &gt;two juveniles who get into a fistfight... "He said the victim is not cooperating with the investigation." Affray, if charges can even stick. No jail time (nor should there be).
Virginia Challenge: find a (non-chain) restaurant in your town that isn't pizza, chinese, or "**** Grille." Bars don't count. You can go pretty far on 66 before finding a candidate.
We were nice and toasty in the tent with a 15° overnight low, but the condensation was thick by morning. We would have been cold if we tried a second night as our bags were pretty damp. Any advice?
Thanks, that's a good tip! I've basically been watching the [Forest Service webcam](http://www.fsvisimages.com/fstemplate.aspx?site=DOSO1) and went out at the first indication of snow. If only this blizzard had come a week earlier! That weekend (Jan 8-10) was great up on Old Rag, though. The rain kept the crowds away and made the scrambles a lot more interesting.
&gt;Fuck gypsies &gt;I'm not racist, but... Yeah.
Exactly, it seems like /u/Sniper_LTU didn't even read OP's comment.
The final map shows federal tribal trust lands, which excludes many reservations, especially in the east. [Here's a pdf map](http://www.nps.gov/nagpra/DOCUMENTS/RESERV.PDF) that appears to be more complete (but I'm no expert).
I have the same experience: in my recollection, I've never met anyone that would express something so heinous as "she deserved it," or even something like "it's okay to go to bed with a woman who's black-out drunk" which even a few years ago wasn't as widely a vilified sentiment as it is today. But I recently found out that a friend of mine who I've known for years was (is) a hardcore racist who genuinely thinks that black folks are less human than he is. Full-on stormfront shit. You can say I should have known, but I didn't. And I'm not insensitive to these things, I think he was just very careful not to share any of his toxic ideas or thoughts with me. *For years.* Anyway, I'm sharing that because it was an especially poignant object lesson that not everything about society can be directly informed by my daily experience. YMMV.
I'm not going to disagree with you there, but that's literally everyone that's run for office. And I don't mean that cynically - it can be a good thing. People who lead often do so out of dueling strains of vainglorious self regard and idealistic passion. A truly selfless leader is a rare thing indeed, and I don't think I know of anyone who's ever run for president fits that bill. But the trick is to find someone who's willing to put let their ego suffer for their ideals. I think a lot of what people dislike about Hillary is that she's very pragmatic about getting what she wants (in both the ideals category and the political self-preservation category). Add that to a long career in the public view, and you get a lot of gory pics of the sausage being made. One other thing I'd add is that it's useful to remember in the 60s and 70s, parties and ideologies were far less rigidly aligned compared to today. Northern Republicans very well could have been Democrats today, and Southern Democrats... well, lets just be glad that's not a thing anymore.
And giving them a voice in national politics empowers them. Prior to this election cycle it was inconceivable that a Republican candidate would equivocate on the question of the KKK, even if they routinely counted KKK sympathizers among their voters. In the future, these same voters will expect the same level of direct acknowledgement in order to win their vote; they won't be satisfied with Nixon-style dogwhistles. Trump could be spurring the dawn of a new nationalist/racist movement in the U.S. without even knowing it.
It'd be enforced in response to shootings/discharges, not preemptively.
It'd be enforced in response to shootings/discharges, not preemptively.
Come on, you can get [more precise than that](http://aclu.procon.org/view.resource.php?resourceID=004776).
Honest question: should MPD divert homicide detectives to identify and charge joyriding dirtbikers? Or should the homicide detectives keep investigating and solving homicides? What about the district detectives who investigate shootings, sexual assaults, and other violent crimes? How many of those detectives should be pulled off of their cases to solve the dirtbike problem?
&gt; The numbers don't matter Yes they do. They're often all that matters. How much soda do you drink per day? Per week? What is the actual added cost over the course of a year?
Does $0.30 ruin it for you?
Calm down. Literally all of those things have more nutritional value than soda. Moreover, there's no clear evidence that whole milk contributes to obesity, while there's extensive evidence that soda does.
I mean, the [department of revenue sucks at collecting taxes](http://www.phillymag.com/news/2015/04/15/paying-taxes-philadelphia-optional/), and there's plenty of people who [think municipal departments are inefficient](http://www.phillyvoice.com/survey-how-does-philly-feel-about-philly/). But "the money will just get stolen" is such a common refrain on this sub, and yet I've still yet to see a single post making allegations of wide-spread theft on the order of millions of dollars. Hell, even [Chakah Fattah](http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2015/07/congressman-chaka-fattah-indicted-on-racketeering-charges) didn't steal money from the _city_ (he took bribes, misused campaign donations for personal use, and tried to steer a federal grant to a donor). I'm new to this sub/city and I'm just wondering if I'm missing anything or if it's store-brand American cynicism that just happens to be extra strong in /r/philadelphia.
I won't disagree with you, patronage happens. I'm just wondering why everyone here seems to think that it happens _so much_ that the city government can't do anything else. I mean, it happens in DC, too. But when the city council votes on a bill, people talk about the bill, not about corruption.
&gt; Another money grab to throw cash into the fire pit. Here's what I'm saying - I don't see the fire pit. I read the [mayors budget](http://www.phila.gov/Newsletters/MayorsOperatingBudgetInBriefFY2016.pdf) and I see incomes and outlays. I ask for evidence and I get innuendo. I'm seriously messaging multiple people on this sub and nobody has even linked me to a single article about where money is being wasted! As for the "cash grab" part, the estimated annual revenue ($91 million) is just over 2% of the city's budget ($3.95 billion). But since there are simultaneous cuts to wage taxes, it's not actually increasing the city's revenue (revenue is increasing, but that's due to growth in the tax base).
64-years old and just as useful/goofy-looking.
I mean, we'll see, but at best he (legally) directed state money to OARC, an organization which was investigated two years ago with no apparent charges resulting. Never great, but that's some weak guilt by association. I like to at least give someone a chance.
Voters, not members
Where did you get 3+ dead? I've never heard that one before. FBI used 4+ dead, which is where the more controversial 4+ dead or wounded came from.
So is ours, but that doesn't mean easy access to guns doesn't make it higher. Two things can happen at once...
Haha, instead of downvoting my informative comment, why don't you call [or](https://www.casey.senate.gov/contact/) [email](https://www.toomey.senate.gov/?p=contact) your senators? And since Toomey's up for reelection this year, you can also hold that over his head.
Jesus, is that it? Your dad encouraged you to respond to threats with violence? What happened to tell an adult?
1) People can also learn without having their life threatened. Happens all the time, and with much less risk. 2) Sometimes kids behaving badly don't respond rationally. I don't think getting killed is the optimal outcome.
9 times out of 10 that might work. Then that one time you shoot severely mentally disabled dude that PPD Crisis Intervention Officers are trained to handle. Grats bro. Great job keeping the peace.
Found what I was looking for. Here's a pretty great guide to philly corruption if you're interested: http://thephiladelphiacitizen.org/john-estey-corruption-chronicles/
&gt; will It's cool that you know the future.
I thought it was more about the unions pushing work to NYC over Philly (rather than demanding higher wages). Only skimmed it though.
Gas taxes are enacted in terms of cents per gallon, not percentage of price (so that revenue doesn't fluctuate wildly) Gas taxes are not adjusted for inflation. Gas taxes are for roads. NJ has a lot of old roads, but the 2nd lowest gas tax in the country. This is why the gas tax is going up. Raising the gas tax is an *outstandingly normal* thing to do.
Your skepticism is not based upon any facts. [Here's the revenue and outlays of NJ fuel taxes and transportation capital expenditures since 1985](http://www.state.nj.us/ttfa/financing/apprevenues.shtm). As you can see, the transportation capital fund has consistently received the entirety of the constitutionally-required share of the gas tax. More detail in the [state budget](http://www.nj.gov/treasury/omb/publications/16bib/BIB.pdf) (search for "motor fuels" tax).
Why? This means NJ can finally rebuild its roads! The gas tax is the main source of funding for state roads, and it hasn't been adjusted for inflation since 1985! It's currently the 2nd lowest gas tax in the country, despite the fact that NJ has much older roads than the rest of the country.
It's not about finding a single dollar (see [here](http://www.state.nj.us/ttfa/financing/apprevenues.shtm) for sources and appropriations of road funds in NJ), it's about correcting a broken formula where gas taxes are supposed to fund roads but can't because the rate hasn't been adjusted for inflation since 1985. Because gas tax revenues are so low, general funds need to be appropriated for roads, but this leads to putting off normal maintenance and highly unpredictable funding for major long-term capital projects. This deal reallocates funding to raise the same amount of revenue but do it in a predictable and sustainable way. Moreover, the tax is shifted to people that use roads more, so it's a more equitable sharing.
Does the motor fuel excise tax apply to fuel that's not sold in NJ though?
Since I don't live in NJ anymore, *I* haven't been paying for shit... but I would love to see the Pulaski finished (and as a train and tunnel user, I'd prefer if the Port Authority weren't paying for that). But the long and short of it is, the gas tax was too low to pay for all the needed road maintenance. So rather than increase the gas tax, the Transportation Trust Fund was created. The fund could issue bonds to fund large projects, and would be backed by revenue from the gas tax. But since the tax didn't increase, the fund eventually had to borrow more and more to do needed maintenance. Now the fund is broke (surprise!). Covering up the problem by creating a debt-issuing entity didn't work. You just need to pay for roads.
&gt;The city we were using for their courts declined audits for years What city was that? Morristown?
There's a contractual obligation for pensioners that any change goes to state-wide referendum? Damn.
Well if its any consolation, a lot of the gas tax &amp; toll revenue comes from people that just drive through NJ (like myself). Also, the downward shift in the sales tax should benefit you as well, unless you're doing a great job saving. From a governance perspective, this is an excellent move. NJ has been fucking up transportation funding since Gov. Kean's days. For multi-year transportation projects, predictability is key. It allows you to do the required maintenance that saves money in the long run.
Hm. [Nothing about it in the article.](http://nj1015.com/gas-tax-hike-sales-tax-cut-approved-by-assembly-in-deal-with-christie/) Oh well, we'll know soon enough.
&gt; Jersey has the highest cost per mile for repairing roads, for literally no reason. Adding to [this](http://www.nj.com/opinion/index.ssf/2015/02/report_claiming_nj_roads_cost_2_million_per_mile_t.html) and to what /u/phiwings mentioned, there's lots of reasons why NJ has higher per-mile road maintenance costs. NJ has more traffic (which leads to more road damage faster), and NJ's roads are generally older. &gt; In exchange for... **And a decrease in the sales tax.** That's the main reduction in revenue, and it's actually more equitable than keeping the gas tax low. People can (generally speaking, in the long-run) choose to drive less or not drive a truck. But you can't choose to not buy things. &gt; It doesn't need to cost this much and there's way more then enough money collected to get the job done. I'd like to see evidence of that. A lot of people seem to be complaining about waste, corruption, and fraud without pointing to any actual evidence (and "This is NJ! I don't need evidence!" is not an argument)
But how much will you save on sales taxes? Take your total spending in NJ (on non-tax-exempt goods and services) and multiply that by 1%.
Cool, thx
I'm totally open to the idea that unions drive higher wages for construction workers, but if you look at the figures cited above, it can't be the only factor. Construction unions are strong in plenty of states.
&gt; evidence of systematic mismanagement in the transportation trust fund or turnpike authority So, still zero. &gt; I'm gonna stop here because I think I made a fair point, even if it's not complete You've made a point that you have a lot of complaints. You have in no way tied them to either the transportation trust fund or to the turnpike authority (the two largest state agencies that handle road maintenance and construction). *Edit: And I'm not being pedantic here, I understand that many people just don't know what the bureaucratic process of collecting taxes, allocating the funds via law, and spending them on salaries and contractors involves. In this case, if you're worried that new gas tax revenue will be misspent, you've got to pin it on the folks who will have control of the revenue. The tax money will go straight to the Transportation Trust Fund. Saying "Christie gave his pals Sandy money!" has nothing to do with the good folks at the TTF!
SHOWTIME!
Street rules dictate you have no obligation. No guilt, just enjoy the free music courtesy of population density.
Maybe that's the problem, they sent out aid offers without clearing the extra expense. Either way, there's definitely more to this story, since only Dai's side is talking.
&gt; anchor babies Ugh. They're actual people.
I can't explain the difference other than to guess probably due to strong unions? Seems like the prevailing wage is similarly high in CT: http://www2.ctdol.state.ct.us/WageRatesWeb/WageRatesbyTown.aspx?Town=Fairfield I mean, I'm not arguing that NJ is a cheap place to live, or that the wages paid to asphalt machine operators are optimal. I'm arguing that no one is stealing the money. If you really want to call high wages mismanagement, I suppose I can't stop you. But for my money, that doesn't make the ass-backwards way we have to emergency allocate road funding every year a good idea. And I'm perfectly fine with the notion that road users should pay for roads.
Following the ECG from NYC to DC back in 2011 I crossed the Susquehanna on US40 in Perryville, MD (which is very much not allowed). Got a big fat ticket for that one. Don't rely only on the ECG signs, there's still no legal way to cross the Susquehanna in MD on a bike.
Holy shit, I'm blown away. I've been telling this story for years. Officially retired.
And that's why this press release is so carefully constructed around how a dog got on the patio.
Wow yeah, that's like a footnote to an afterthought. I'd love to be a time traveller who gets to show that author the average $/sqft in Hoboken in 2016.
I thought you only cared if he was an undocumented alien.
80% is functionally equivalent to "mainly". There's been no deceptive redirection of funds as lots of ppl here are suggesting.
How much money did the cigarette tax raise? How much was the school district short by? Is it possible for a new tax to be insufficient? You need to answer these questions for your criticism to be valid.
Okay, so you linked to a reddit comment where someone misunderstood what was going on? **There's nothing in there about a tax being levied on milk or water.** It's OP misunderstanding that rite aid's distributor raised their prices on milk.
What? 80% is for pre-k.
&gt; in two years when the funds are fully diverted That's just the point - no funds were diverted. At all. The same article you linked said the Pre-K plans were fully funded; the additional expenditures are from additional funding. As a matter of policy you can disagree with this part of the bill, but (unlike the PPA or the state) they're not shortchanging the schools. Predicting that they will is just speculation. &gt; Two different comment threads I figure, why not consolidate? It's not like anyone else is reading this.
Don't you understand, this means the tax is working! The liberal utopia is dawning!
Not soda.
&gt; If they steal from someone to pay for, or commit some violent crime because of, their habit, they definitely belong in jail. Yes. I agree. &gt; I don't care if anyone gets rehabbed or not And that's why you're part of the problem. Your intransigence (along with everyone else's) leads to policy intransigence. Addiction goes unaddressed and causes more suffering, more quality of life problems, and more crime.
Link works, but now the URL isn't funny. CURSE THIS WRETCHED EXISTENCE.
... are they really cheaper in NJ? I don't smoke, I'm actually asking.
Not true; bill was promoted with both the parks/rec funding &amp; the pre-k funding. Again, see the article. Also, you didn't specify which "random crap" you'd like to see cut.
I'm shocked that an anti-democratic regressive internet troll such as yourself is opposed to policies that would save taxpayer money. Actually, I'm not. But I am stealing your idea for flair.
I would be totally fine if that's how the actual white supremacists felt.
Yes. It's the only thing that matters.
As a former New Jerseyan, this embarasses me. We're supposed to be the *no fun state* ^TM
The other answer is better, but if we're being serious about this, you could retrofit an actual (downward facing) light fixture onto the existing poles. N. Broad would be better served by other investments, but I'm trying to be imaginative here.
&gt; This is the type of behavior that sparks people like Dylann Roof to propagate No it's not. Don't reduce racist ideologies to a tit-for-tat with opposite-but-equivalent racist ideologies. That's giving into the same race-war narrative these worthless fucks want you to. Hateful people are motivated by hate, whether they're racist against whites or blacks, hate disabled people, or are just misanthropes. The vast majority of people don't hate most other people.
"You're wrong." -[The Facts](http://fivethirtyeight.com/features/trust-us-politicians-keep-most-of-their-promises/)
They will 'reorganize'-away offices with inconvenient mission areas (like climate), either by laying off staff or (more likely) by distributing then among unrelated offices and hoping they quit. The exodus is already in motion.
**Education** Something something too little tax revenue...
About universal pre-k? I sure do! About the cost of 50g of flavored corn syrup? Not a whit.
Have you ever made a claim?
So, your point is what? That the city won't provide universal pre-k and upgrades to parks?
Why do you keep mentioning car insurance? It'll be cheaper than your mortgage, too; so what? Is it worth not shoveling your sidewalk?
Wait, are you arguing that almond milk is not a luxury good? Almond milk consumption almost certainly increases with income.
Show me where anyone from the mayor's office ever said 100% of funding would go to pre-k. Link or gtfo.
Where does it 'disappear' to?
I don't see Kenney making a lot of excuses. He and Nutter didn't get along, but they've both been hugely effective mayors. Fixing Philly schools is the holy grail, though. You're taking about a problem that will require new state legislation to solve, in a state where republicans hold a veto-proof majority in the legislature. I think we're closer than ever, but to be frank 'getting angry' is only half the solution. You need a plan that builds consensus.
No, burgers (from the German *burghers,* or folk of the burgh [urban middle class]) did not cross the channel to the UK until the German house of Windsor (formerly Saxe-Coburg and Gotha) assumed the British regency in 1901. Adam Smith would have only known roast beef sandwiches.
So your prediction is that in three years the city will stop providing pre-k because it will have lost all the money in legal judgements?
Cynicism isn't a response. Evidence or gtfo. And if you link something, make sure you read it first.
None. Like I've been saying, it was about revenue. Kenney said it was about revenue, the whole time. Council passed it because it raised revenue for pre-k and park improvements, and now we're getting Pre-K and park improvements (plus some additional odds and ends outlined in the philly.com article).
&gt; and while they are adding new services they will continue to moan about how underfunded the existing school system is, guarantee it. ...somehow I doubt you'd prefer a policy that handed over soda tax revenue to the SRC. Either way, [philly spends less per student than the state average](http://crossroads.newsworks.org/index.php/local/keystone-crossroads/81019-multiple-choices-how-much-does-pennsylvania-spend-on-public-schools-and-how-are-costs-shared), and [much less than comparable cities across the country](http://www.philly.com/philly/education/20150116_Phila__district_spends_less_per_pupil_than_most_other_cities.html). By any metric, **the phila school district is underfunded**. But that's not really the point. The point is you want to live in "[a town that works](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=foU9W7AkKSY)." And that's your choice. Go ahead and leave Philly. But don't be surprised when the people that actually like living in cities make it a pain in the ass to park (by remove parking spots in lieu of bike lanes, and instituting variable rate parking meters).
&gt; "Dude, I'm on Blair and some other street... my car is fucked..." Words to live by. Also, sound on a security camera. Ballsy.
Wonderful. The mustaches alone are an American treasure.
&gt; they are spending more than they have apparently The city's budget is balanced. Are you referring to the school district? Because that's an entirely different entity outside of city control. &gt; even if right now it costs a little more on the dollar to collect these taxes it will make people more likely to actually pay them. Maybe it will, maybe it won't. A lot of the delinquencies are really old tax bills owed by people/companies who could never pay without going bankrupt. Maybe we would spend a lot of money fighting for pennies on the dollar. &gt; they dont deserve to be able to afford luxury items like soda or cigarettes anyway If you're on medicaid, damn right I care if you get lung cancer or diabetes. Somehow I doubt you disagree.
Fun fact: a 1.5 cent/oz tax is equivalent to prohibition. Now that we're done with silly hyperbole, [people who consume 1-2 servings of sugary drinks per day have a 26% greater risk of developing Type 2 diabetes](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20693348).
You're right. When [11.5%](https://www.cdc.gov/diabetes/atlas/countydata/atlas.html) of the population has diabetes, it isn't an epidemic. Nobody dies from this, nobody suffers. It's all a Soros-funded liberal plot to get back at soda companies for supporting ALEC. Great job, winning rhetoric.
Oh okay. But how do we make the schools great again? Cut taxes more?
Agreed. That's why I love that PPD is being responsive and launched a new mandatory training to avoid these types of shootings in the future.
...I'm cheered by the idea that there will soon be no living memories of atomic explosions.
Homicide is ~~up~~ down, violent crime overall is down Edit: [linked to an article from September, when YTD homicide was up](http://www.philly.com/philly/news/20160919_Why_is_Philly_s_homicide_rate_going_up_.html). My bad, I was at the dog park and my fingers were cold, so I was in a hurry. 2016 homicides were slightly down from 2015: [277 vs. 280](https://www.phillypolice.com/crime-maps-stats/).
You're right, is appalling that some people face such oppressive violent crime in their communities. Perhaps we should try to break the cycle of poverty.
That's not true; among poor households, *per-capita* violent crime is basically the same: &gt; Regardless of whether households were in urban, suburban, or rural areas, persons in poor households had the highest rates of violence (figure 5). In urban (19.9 per 1,000) and suburban (16.1 per 1,000) areas, persons in high-income households had the lowest rates, while in rural areas, rates were similar for persons in mid- (15.2 per 1,000) and high- (13.3 per 1,000) income households. **Among persons in poor households, the rates of violence were similar in urban (43.9 per 1,000) and rural (38.8 per 1,000) areas.** However, among low-, mid-, and high-income households, rates of violent victimization were higher in urban areas than in rural areas. NB: in this report, there are four income brackets: Poor, Low, Mid, High. [Household Poverty and Nonfatal Violent Victimization, 2008–2012](https://www.bjs.gov/content/pub/pdf/hpnvv0812.pdf)
Thanks, fixed.
I think there's a bit of a volume problem there. There are so many delinquent buildings that collecting and selling all of them at once would crash the property market. I think this goes to a larger point that there's a reason -- besides incompetence -- for all the uncollected taxes.
28 years young. There goes my week...
And the former Enron trader as "the good guy"
&gt;They pick who they let in. Not blind quotas. That's a very recent change, and the vast majority of immigrants pre-date it. It's implausible to assert that a law that took effect in 2014 affects the behavior of people who immigrated before it was passed.
Those are snow guns, you can tell by the downward tilt. You're not actually supposed to fire them, you just use them to intimidate snow and black ice out of your path.
Plenty of protein, tho
Listen, there's no need for projection, we all know you have a hard-on for deporting your neighbors who haven't committed any crimes. Why don't you just come out and admit that you have a problem with brown people? Why else are you so obsessed with destroying the lives of people who haven't done anything to you?
You're the one who's all about religious tests to even enter the country bud.
So why do you want to destroy the lives of so many thousands of your neighbors who've done nothing wrong to you? Why can't you answer a simple question?
/u/phillypede and I have been over this, and they've conceded I'm correct. About half of the approximately 12 million *undocumented* aliens in this country entered illegally, committing a criminal offense. These people are criminals, and /u/phillypede would like them to be summarily deported. But the other half of the undocumented aliens entered legally, but then overstayed their visa. Importantly, that isn't a crime, it's a civil violation (like getting a traffic ticket). Interestingly, despite not having committed a crime, /u/phillypede would also like these people deported. However, most cruelly, /u/phillypede wants to deport people who were brought here as children, and either illegally entered or overstayed their visa due to no fault of their own. These people frequently have no family or cultural ties to their 'home' countries. But /u/phillypede would like to tear them away from their communities, families, and even children by summarily deporting them. I've surmised that since /u/phillypede wants them gone *so bad,* they should be able to explain why. However, they have not.
&gt; Did you go on this passionately about "destroying lives" for Obama's record number of deportations Yes. I wrote my congressperson. But don't deflect: what do you have against undocumented aliens besides your apparent contempt for their foreignness?
Sends kids to foster care, "Not my fault, blame the parents." Despite the fact that their parents were stable beforehand. You can call me a bleeding heart all you want, but you're unabashedly advocating for the destruction families, based on a 'principled adherence to the law.' By all historical standards, you're an unkind, ungenerous, cruel-hearted person. You're not even addressing the fact that over 2/3rds of the 1.5 million kids are *now adults,* with lives, communities, families, and careers.
That's bullshit, they're against the enforcement of drug laws, but somehow the presence of 12m people who aren't hurting them is worth the massive effort and human suffering to resolve? Just because they overstayed a visa?
You're changing the subject. Your **entire stated reason** for supporting summary mass deportations of undocumented aliens is "they are here unlawfully, for which deportation is the penalty." You said they "shouldn't be here" because the law says so. You even said if the law were to change, you'd be fine with it. So the law is the law is the law. I get it. Despite the fact that 42,000 teenagers in arizona have made a stupid choice in the last 30 days, the fact remains they have. It is a proven fact that teenagers do stupid things. But by your logic, Arizona should spend billions of dollars (similar to what mass deportations will cost, adjusted for population) to jail teenagers for smoking pot. This is on it's face absurd. **Or, you have other reasons for supporting mass deportations which you haven't yet admitted.** Don't try to mamby-pamby out of this one. Which is it?
Sometimes I can't help but feel that our local CBS affiliate doesn't take the dawning era of internet prostitution market journalism very seriously.
I'm not asking you to lose sleep over it. I'm using the sheer absurdity of it to highlight your inconsistency. It would be a monumentally stupid waste of money and time to arrest and jail 42,000 Arizona teenagers; everyone gets this. My question is, are you stubbornly in support of this obnoxiously absurd but philosophically-consistent policy proposal? Or do you not really believe "all laws must be blindly followed to the letter?"
&gt; At least you admit it's an absurd example to try to draw a parallel between mj possession and illegal immigration As a matter of policy? Yes. As a matter of principle, **no**. Don't play dense, you understand the difference: you're claiming a rigidly principled response to one policy problem (immigration), while having a completely noncommittal and pragmatic response to another policy problem (MJ). You are selectively and uniquely obsessed with 'enforcing the law for the law's sake' on immigration. Your 'principle' is bunk. **Why are you really so into mass deportation?** /u/jawn_valjorts called you out for being racist. I don't necessarily think that's fair, but given your selective interest in harming immigrant families (especially Mexicans), alongside your posting history of expressing glee at the suffering of immigrants, you certainly look and sound like a xenophobe. What can you really say in your defense? **Why are you so obsessed with mass deportations?**
David Gambacorta shows up here from time to time.
Not Philly astronauts.
Wait, did you mean to reply to me? If so, I'll concede that's fucked up, and anyone that could chant for death is as hateful as anyone else. &gt; do you think they are talking about black police officers? Yes? That having been said, is this indicative of "Black Lives Matter"
&lt;sigh&gt; I'll take the downvotes, but... This reaction really saddens me. There's a whole lot of people on the left who don't necessarily agree with Bernie's amendment. There's a whole bunch of people who like Cory Booker. When 2020 rolls around, we should have this debate, and if you don't like Cory, don't vote for him. **But** if we allow every disagreement to become disqualifying, we will lose any chance of halting or reversing the horrible campaign of dismantling the welfare state that this Congress and Trump are about to start enacting. I'm incredibly worried that a divided left is about to hand power to the right wing fit a decade, just as it did in Canada, Australia, and the UK.
Great point -&gt; he's vain but shameless. Perhaps he'll fold under the falling approval numbers and growing chorus of "you're bad at this, you phony!" But perhaps he'll systematically reject it, and recoil into a delusional universe where he's universally loved but only by 'real americans.' Cue increasingly sad and desperate rallies that grow grander and fringier, even as attendance declines. Cue bused-in 'professional' attendees. Cue [justifications of 'revenge' against 'enemies,'](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/94/Dean-enemies-1.jpg) and [autonomous thuggery against protests to protect the president's honor](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hard_Hat_Riot). I think Trump is constitutionally incapable of processing criticism, but I think you're right that this may be too much for his psyche. Hell, last time he was unquestionably publicly humiliated, it made him run for president...
For greater context, a lot of criticism of the ESA resulted from the controversey about the potential (and eventual non-) listing of the [Sage Grouse](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/energy-environment/wp/2015/09/22/fewer-than-500000-sage-grouse-are-left-the-obama-administration-says-they-dont-merit-federal-protection/?utm_term=.cf200c168c23).
Well, first, yes, because it was a symbolic vote. None of the amendments in the vote-arama actually meant anything, they are designed to get members from the opposing party to vote against issues that they can later be attacked on. The senate was not actually considering legislation that had a snowball's chance in hell of going anywhere, this was just the Democrats teeing up campaign issues for the next go-around. Equating Cory Booker's defensive vote on a meaningless measure designed to get Senators in vulnerable places for the 2018 elections to someone like Ben Nelson who actually prevented progress (via the Public Option in 2009) is so shortsighted as to be missing the point: Cory Booker did not oppose actual progress.
Jesus, dude.
This really blows my mind. The broken pre-obamacare situation was so much worse than Obamacare... And it had been terrible for decades without the 'inevitable change.' I don't even know what to say. People with insurance would hit lifetime maximums and get dumped halfway through Chemo. People who had been responsibly insured for years would get cancer and then insurance investigators would find some minor mistake on their original application to dump them high and dry. 7 million people got medicaid. Why is this preferable? Just to prove a point?
Yeah, I agree. I don't mean to argue we shouldn't try for it; I just hope that we can avoid calling Cuomo a traitor if we don't get a perfect replica of a European UHC system.
&gt; censorship Word that get's thrown around on reddit a lot. I'm just curious: do you think it's *censorship* to delete any of the following: * A comment that uses obvious ethnic slurs (e.g., the N-word) * A comment that, without slurs, expresses a racist sentiment (e.g., "people of X race are inferior at Y and are all to blame for Z") * A comment that without expressing explicit racist sentiment, suggests or implies racist sentiment (e.g., on a story about a violent crime, "I wonder what *demographic* the perpetrators are...?) * A comment that neither contains nor implies racist sentiments, but links to an outside source known for racist content (obviously arguable, depending on the source, but e.g., stormfront, breitbart, etc.) * A comment that contains threats or wishes of death or violence to another redditor (e.g., "I am trained in gorilla warfare and I’m the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target...") * A comment that contains threats or wishes of violence to the subject of discussion, but not a redditor (e.g., "those animals deserve to fry for this...") * A comment that does not contain threats or wishes of violence, but is generally uncivil (e.g., "What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch?") * A comment which is not uncivil, but raises arguments external to the stated purpose of the sub (e.g., in /r/climate, 'asking' what evidence exists for long-term warming) * A comment which is not uncivil, not threatening, not racist, but just low-effort (e.g., on an article about Donald Trump's proposal for a new wall, "never go full retard...") I think that about covers the range of possible reasons, but let me know if you think I've missed some. I'm honestly curious what you think, because I think reasonable people could call all or none of those deletions "censorship."
That's a much broader claim than I'm trying to deal with - did they ban them because spam? How many were banned? Since a broad spectrum of stories touched on wikileaks in varying degrees, obviously all weren't banned; what was the rule? That's why I'm not asking about posts, I'm asking about comments.
I hear you on all points. I'm just saying I know at least two older couples off the top of my head that would move to a state with a meaningful UHC program. Hear me out: the cost-benefit tradeoff of insurance is that most people pay more money in than they ever get out from it, while some people pay in a whole lot less than they end up getting out. If you have the bum luck to get a shitty cancer with a lifetime treatment cost in the millions, and you don't have health insurance through your retail job, moving to a state with UHC is a pretty straightforward decision. Yeah, there are trade-offs (having to leave your current community/job), but when people are facing medical bankruptcy, those things tend to take a back seat. I'm not saying it can't be solved, I just haven't heard a compelling solution.
&gt; It's literally her job to unabashedly lie That's manifestly not true. The job of WH spokesperson should be to distract, divert, and give non-answer answers. And she's good at those things, too. There's a proud tradition of all of these in american politics, and all WH spokespeople do it. But lying is right out. Also, she's not WH spokesperson, she's "counselor to the President," so she's more like a Karl Rove, Valerie ~~Plame~~ Jarrett, or David Axelrod - she needs to be much more careful with anything she says, since it's assumed this is what the administration thinks (as opposed to WH spokesperson, who is usually easily dismissed). Edit: got Plame on the brain
Nice dishonest rhetorical tactics you've got there.
Totally agree. But it's doable. The major barrier is that when five people go out to the main corner in their town and hold up signs in front of their neighbors driving by, it feels ridiculous. When it's 50 people, it feels amazing. But we need the five at first.
&gt; because you are forcing more cars to pass you. This is something that I evaluate on every single block. I don't love being passed by cars in tight spaces, and *believe me* I'm trying to avoid it. I have to account for the distance to the next light, the light timing, and where I think cars in the line may be heading etc. Sure, sometimes I get it wrong and get passed by like 10 cars, but that's a mistake not intentional. Rolling to the front of the line allows me to do a few things, first of which is to be seen by every single person in the line. True, you might miss me, but you certainly won't notice me if I'm two cars back. Second, however, is one you may not be aware of. If I don't roll to the front of the line, and sit, mid-block at the back of the line, I'm going to get passed by the cars behind the last light. So sure, maybe I avoid getting passed by cars ahead of me, but I'm also gonna get passed by a bunch of cars coming from behind.
For sure it is being archived. The value of the site is both the content and the context. If you google climate change, EPA's site is #3 (right after NASA....). Lots of people use EPA's content because it's 'official.' There are other sources for this information, but people (and businesses) are less trusting of private or academic info.
Also the first president ever to claim climate change is a chinese hoax before being elected. Also the first president ever pay civil fraud penalties before being elected. **Not** the first president ever to blame his persecution on race, however. He's in a proud American tradition there. &gt; more universal issues than their identity politics Yeah, like "get the Mexicans out of here!"
How about not unnecessarily (and possibly illegally) withholding funds just to make a political point? If they want PPD to arrest undocumented aliens, they should pass a law to make them do it.
Man, that's not what you said. You said Kenney didn't consult PPD. But you were wrong. Just admit it. &gt; Focus on the words I write so your comebacks are on topic.
&gt; Illegal immigrants are BREAKING THE LAW being here. no ifs ands or buts Shouting doesn't make it true. Approximately half of undocumented aliens haven't committed any crimes, since they did not enter the country illegally. "Illegal immigrants" only means those that entered illegally (i.e., crossed the border without permission).
&gt; corporations Like the [Corrections Corporation of America?](https://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/03/your-money/trumps-win-gives-stocks-in-private-prison-companies-a-reprieve.html)
It's a consensus of people who don't actually understand what Trump and Kenney are talking about.
Dude, if you bothered to learn from people who know more than you, you might stop being wrong all the time.
Yeah, I'm not 100% on the history of S.Com, when did Obama change directions?
Nobody's saying they shouldn't ID the drivers. What I'm saying (and Kenney, and PPD, and [all these police commissioners](http://immigrationforum.org/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/7_6_2016-LEITF-Letter-to-Senate.pdf), too) is that if the parties didn't commit an arrestable offense, they shouldn't be detained *exclusively* for immigration status. Some people are trying to argue that PPD is letting rapists go because they can't ID them. But that's horseshit. If you commit an arrestable offense, you get arrested.
This is the most polite, constructive, and helpful thread I've seen on the sub today, and it's about sexuality/gender terminology. Kudos!
Access to the arts is a stand-in for culture. And this is a legitimate taste difference between people. The number one reason I'd never raise my kids in any of those places is the absolute cultural depravity. Variety is the spice of life, and those places are Stouffer's Mac and Cheese Cassarole. My parents, however, *love* places like that.
That's philadelphia's official motto: *Lactuverunt Baltimorum*
Yeah, I missed bothering you.
Oh, of the Kensington tribe, right.
&gt; What would actually lighten the load is illegal immigrants not being here in the first place, Of course, it would be much easier if everyone left. Then you could sit on your little throne and wave your wand as much as you want.
I think the eugenics things is more than enough of a give-away. But if you really want to browse their comment history, just remember to bring a hazmat suit.
Oh I know. But nazis &lt; assholes.
But you know hold requests aren't the same things as warrants, right? ICE puts out hold requests simply for initiating an investigation into a person's immigration status. ICE doesn't need a judge to sign off on it, or even probable cause. They're issued by ICE officers. The Trump people would like you to think that this is the same thing as a *criminal detainer,* which is issued if an undocumented alien has pending criminal charges. **Edit:** PPD responds to criminal detainers, AFAIK
Considering the scale of other violations discussed in this sub, these seem pretty minimal. Risk factors, for sure, but not really a big deal.
Of all the campaign promises he's gleefully broken, why couldn't this be one?
Not gonna lie, Kenney's making a mistake here. For a person as narcissistic and insecure as Trump, I'd really rather Kenney go kiss the ring. Make your principled stands on points of policy, not personality.
Feeling's mutual, friend. What else would I do afternoons at work if I didn't have you guys?
Yes, I read it. I also read the peer-reviewed study refuting the argument (the full-text of which can be found [here](http://sci-hub.io/10.1016/j.electstud.2015.07.002), via sci-hub). &gt;We begin with an example. Suppose a survey question is asked of 20,000 respondents, and that, of these persons, 19,500 have a given characteristic (e.g., are citizens) and 500 do not. Suppose that 99.9 percent of the time the survey question identifies correctly whether people have a given characteristic, and 0.1 percent of the time respondents who have a given characteristic incorrectly state that they do not have that characteristic. (That is, they check the wrong box by mistake.) That means, 99.9 percent of the time the question correctly classifies an individual as having a characteristic e such as being a citizen of the United States -- and 0.1 percent of the time it classifies someone as not having a characteristic, when in fact they do. This rate of misclassification or measurement error is extremely low and would be tolerated by any survey researcher. It implies, however, that one expects 19 people out of 20,000 to be incorrectly classified as not having a given characteristic, when in fact they do. Normally, this is not a problem. In the typical survey of 1000-2000 persons, such a low level of measurement error would have no detectable effect on the sample. Even in very large sample surveys, survey practitioners expect a very low level of measurement error would have effects that wash out between two categories. The non-citizen voting example highlights a potential pitfall with very large databases in the study of low frequency categories. Continuing with the example of citizenship and voting, the problem is that the citizen group is very large compared to the noncitizen group in the survey. So even if the classification is extremely reliable, a small classification error rate will cause the bigger category to influence analysis of the low frequency category is substantial ways. Misclassification of 0.1 percent of 19,500 respondents leads us to expect that 19 respondents who are citizens will be classified as non-citizens and 1 non-citizen will be classified as a citizen. (This is a statistical expectation -- the actual numbers will vary slightly.) The one non-citizen classified as a citizen will have trivial effects on any analyses of the overall pool of people categorized as citizens, as that individual will be 1 of 19,481 respondents. However, the 19 citizens incorrectly classified as non-citizens can have significant effects on analyses, as they are 3.7 percent (19 of 519) of respondents who said they are non-citizens.
? I'm a bit confounded by your legal reasoning. Federal law is enforced by federal agents, *that's* why feds can arrest you for growing possession. The federal government can't "tell" anyone to do anything without statutory authority. There is no statute authorizing any federal agency to "tell" local law enforcement to detain people for immigration holds. If there were, it would be unconstitutional. What happens now is that ICE issues a request to local law enforcement, and in PPD's case, they ignore it. A challenge to an immigration detainer hasn't made it to SCOTUS yet, but it's dubious that local law enforcement would prevail.
That's a really interesting legal theory, but you're right - it would be very difficult to prove. In the case of visitors from non-[Visa Waiver Program](https://travel.state.gov/content/visas/en/visit/visa-waiver-program.html) countries, it would probably be impossible to prove, since the visa application process requires the applicant to provide a ton of proof that they *do not* intend to overstay.
Fair nuff. Spring for the extra sides; always worth it.
I'm not sure what your point was. Just responding in kind.
I still don't understand your point. What does your dad have anything to do with the fact that we're a nation of immigrants?
Fucking Christ, more than half the GOP caucus was around when they were trying to pass a DOMA amendment. The GOP has made an industry out of gay bashing for decades and all that disappears because a narcissistic man child conned his way into your party and held up a rainbow flag once? Your head's farther up your ass than usual on this one.
Right. That's why he's saying "health insurance for all!" While price is devising ways to reverse coverage expansion... The thing is, you don't believe that, and I know you don't. You're full of shit, saying whatever makes yer boi look good.
Improper entry =/= illegal presence. Approximately 50% of undocumented aliens entered the country legally on a visa. This is why the term "illegal immigrants" is a misnomer, it only describes the roughly half of undocumented aliens who entered the country illegally.
Why would you only want to target illegal entrants instead of all undocumented aliens? That policy makes no sense at all.
You're all over the place. You're against mass deportation, but you're also against immigration reforms that would allow undocumented aliens to get right with the law? You think the way it is now is just peachy? &gt; But if they are actually going to focus on deporting criminals that are caught like Trump says This is literally [Obama's policy](http://www.latimes.com/politics/la-na-pol-trump-immigration-criminals-20161114-story.html): &gt; The Obama administration set a priority in his second term of deporting migrants with criminal convictions, and it has expelled 530,000 convicted criminals since 2013. Since taking office in 2009, Obama has expelled 2.5 million people, more than any other president. This is what happens now; if you commit a crime, you're deported.
You know that's [what we do already](http://www.latimes.com/politics/la-na-pol-trump-immigration-criminals-20161114-story.html), right? &gt; The Obama administration set a priority in his second term of deporting migrants with criminal convictions, and it has expelled 530,000 convicted criminals since 2013. Since taking office in 2009, Obama has expelled 2.5 million people, more than any other president. I don't know if you're just not reading carefully, or what, but you just said you want to focus on deporting **half** of the 10-15 million undocumented aliens in the country, based on how they got here - not based on them having committed another crime. Your policy is that if police run warrant check on someone and find that they overstayed a visa, they should do nothing. But if they find that they entered illegally, they should arrest them and hand them over to ICE.
You also don't need *everyone* wearing one. As long as a large enough portion of the crowd wears it, you can distinguish which crowd you're looking at. Lab coats also make great canvasses for signs.
Here's a good history: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Federal_Marriage_Amendment#Influence_on_2004_presidential_election Democrats in the NE (and CA) supported SSM, while democrats in other places opposed it. Bush pushed the issue to the forefront to try to create a wedge between liberal dems and moderate dems.
THE PEOPLE UNITED/CANNOT BE DIVIDED!
It's a GOP retreat.
The point of this column is that if Ochoa had been deported after he was arrested and released, he wouldn't have been able to commit this crime. But it ignores the fact that last time he was arrested, he wasn't charged. Byofsky goes to lengths to obscure the facts in this case, but police only release you if they decide you aren't the one they want. So yeah, if the police could have predicted that this guy would later rape a kid, maybe they should have handed him over to ICE for deportation. But that's like saying that anyone who is ever arrested should be jailed *just in case.* What Byofsky is asking for here is essentially that there be no justice system for undocumented aliens. You can see why PPD is opposed to this idea, right? Does PPD's position at least make sense to you?
You mean like, say "Okay, we're not going to do sanctuary city stuff anymore," but then 'unofficially' refuse to respond to detainer requests?
Yeah, republicans are assholes. For that, and a whole lot else.
Yes and no. That partly solves the problem (the part about PPD wasting man hours chasing after regular people who haven't done anything). But it leaves the part about how undocumented aliens will never want to talk to police. I just finished a book called "Ghettoside" about the role of detectives in preventing crime. People usually think of detectives as 'responding' rather than 'preventing' crime. But since so many violent criminals are repeat offenders, it turns out locking up the folks who are wont to commit murder is a really effective way at preventing murders. My fear (and PPD's biggest fear) is that we get a repeat of what happened during the Secure Communities program, where victims or witnesses wouldn't talk to police out of fear that a simple warrant check (which cops do to everyone they meet) would get them detained and deported. One additional thing to be aware of is that ICE detainers come in different flavors. The most common kind is a 'hold request' which is issued by an ICE agent and doesn't require probable cause or a sign-off from a judge. ICE can also issue warrants and criminal detainers, which PPD responds to.
Unless you're being ticketed or arrested, officers already use their discretion as to whether or not to check, and they *nearly always* do it. I don't think it makes sense to give an officer discretion to respond to a hit, though (either for a warrant or for an ICE hold request). That's how you end up with things like cops abusing their authority. Moreover, every police officer is different, and this is a highly political issue. My concern would be that - if empowered to do so -there would be one or two cops who always detain aliens with immigration holds. Even if it's rare, that could still have the same shut-down effect that I'm worried abut.
Like, if I were Kenney? Or if I were in the administration?
Oh man, I would kiss up to Trump so hard. I'd tell him he has some really good ideas, and Mr. Trump I agree, we've got a real crime problem, and Mr. Trump you were so right to point it out, but also Mr. Trump our schools are super underfunded, and Mr. Trump here's why we don't want to respond to immigration detainers, and also Mr. Trump, what if we come up with a way of not responding to immigration detainers, but also saying you were right the whole time, Mr. Trump. I think it sucks that Philly is getting picked on as one of his #1 issues. I mostly blame Toomey for that, but it sucks either way. But I don't think $10 million in federal aid is worth the additional crime that we'd get from going back to S.Comm.
&gt; crazy right wing people screaming Obama fema death camps Yeah, but their methods worked...
Holy shit, if these trends continue, you might not have a single upvoted post all year!
Participating in the world's largest coordinated demonstration will do that to you.
Meh, the revenue is secondary to the economic impact. I'd rather the city do whatever's optimal to develop neighborhoods rather than maximize one-time revenues. Not saying I think Clarke's right, I just don't think *sell, sell, sell* is *always* the correct answer.
&gt; any economic impact Possibly, or it could negatively impact sales prices.
That's the intellectually lazy way out.
Land is a finite resource, so the optimal path is actually already solved, assuming efficient markets: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hotelling's_rule Granted, Hotelling never really works out in real life because of imperfect information and transaction costs.
And federal restrictions on tracking gun sales prevent even the most basic investigations. If we had a registry (like for cars, like for drones, like for any other marginally dangerous thing), you could simply look up who was supposed to have the murder weapon, and find out whether it was stolen or illegally sold.
I'm with you on no-knock warrants, but that needs to be addressed across the board. I feel like that's something we need a federal policy on, because some departments are going nuts. I'm not going to lie, I think the need for a national gun registry is urgent. It is absolutely insane that people have made careers out of reselling guns to convicted criminals, but they have. The *Washington Post* did [an investigation](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2010/10/23/AR2010102302994.html) a few years ago that found that a tiny number of gun shops in MD and VA were the source for the majority of guns used in crimes. One shop in MD (Realco) was the source for 2500 illegally-possessed guns, including 86 used in homicides. The shop was complying with all the laws it had to, but the cops weren't able to trace the straw purchasers. That's fucked up.
