Sorry I'm late getting back to this, but I haven't heard of anything to indicate that Avengers is in the Buffyverse.
I saw a picture of this in the wild quite a while ago. Don't recall if it was here, or on Opposite Lock.
The Guns N' Roses Appetite For Destruction cassette tape smells glorious. It's one of the greatest smells ever, a bit musky, but not overwhelming. I have no idea if that cassette was infused with this smell, or if it was a part of the manufacturing process or what, but I kept my copy just for the smell.
You might be surprised to learn that these are reasonably common in the Midwest and other parts of the US, where these kinds of vehicles can be classified as ATVs. Farmers and ranchers love them because they've got a vehicle that they can put hay into, a newborn calf, feed etc and still drive it on local roads and highways. Laws very from state to state, so check your DMV before purchasing one for yourself.
That's a pretty ballin' bike to be commuting on. Looks like a full carbon fiber Trek Madone.
Washburn Taurus T25 has a pretty narrow neck and plays nicely too. Source: I just bought my first 5 string. I played a bunch of other 5 strings, and actually wanted a really wide neck as I have big hands, but this one just felt perfect in my hands.
Yeah it is. It's OCLV carbon frame and fork. Notice the lack of welds around the head tube, that's because these are bonded carbon fiber tubes. Source: used to work at a bike shop and I'm familiar with lots of frames and frame materials.
Found a really nice used Washburn Taurus T25 in a guitar shop in Iowa over the weekend. http://i.imgur.com/iwdOHhf.jpg It's my first neck thru bass, and it's also my first 5 string, so there's a bit of adjustment going on, but I'm really liking it. Feels like a much more expensive guitar than it is. Very pleased.
Because they're easier to drive out on farms and small places on a farm or ranch.
I usually use a gravel grinder bike, or even a city style hybrid bike, as the geometries are usually a bit slacker, which means the bike is easier to handle. Flat handlebars usually give the rider better sightlines while riding too. There's nothing wrong with using a road bike as a commuter bike, but they tend to be a bit squirrely on rough roads and are also a target for thieves. Well, all bikes are for that matter. :(
I always put my hand out the window and hold onto objects stowed on the roof, because I know it will never fall off if I'm holding onto it.
I saw one like this when I was in London last year.
Replaced the heagaskets on my 2006 Impreza 2.5i at 61k miles. :( Subaru stepped up and replaced them under warranty, even though I was about 1k miles out. :) I've also heard that the EJ headgasket issue was finally solved in 2008, but I haven't heard anything definitive on this.
I kind of like how Farscape went from being an almost predictable "monster of the week" program in the first season to what it became in the seasons following it.
Most likely the Specialized ummagumma.
I enjoyed it even more on my second viewing.
I test drove a few of the 2005+ Tacoma trucks and just didn't care for how big they were. I scored a deal on a 2004 Tacoma that was in mint condition. I'll probably be driving it forever.
What's reserved seating? I haven't been to a movie theater in about a decade, so I don't know if this is a regional thing or what.
It's the Hellmouth, so all sorts of stuff like that can happen. I don't think his intents of summoning Sweet were malicious in any way. Aside from that, it could have been anybody from the gang that summoned him, but it just happened to be Xander. The consequences (or lack of) would have probably been the same if it was Dawn, or Giles or whomever.
Or a sink?
I didn't really care much for the Potentials either, and honestly I don't think Buffy really cared for them either, but she also understood the importance of giving the powers of the Slayer to all the potentials and taking away the power from the Watchers Council. There were so many things happening in season 7 that the message kind of got diluted a bit, but I think it's a really important one that many of us often forget about. On point however... my idea for a workable spinoff would be to have Buffy as Watcher, but not in the horrible and manipulative way that the old Watchers acted. Buffy could lend a lot of experience as a Slayer to all the Slayers. I'm sure Willow and Xander could find something to do in this world as well. Buffy &amp; The Slayers?
Looks like somebody is trying to make another Speedy Cop plane. http://blog.caranddriver.com/spirit-of-lemons-how-a-1956-cessna-airplane-became-a-road-racing-lemons-car-w-build-photosvideo/
Solid opening and guitar solo for sure. The rest of the song was somewhat by the numbers, but still ranks pretty good in my book.
It's PG-13 violence, so it's sorta like pretend violence. Your daughter is just a pretend serial killer. If she does happen to kill anybody in the future, there won't be any bloodshed.
I really liked them as presenters and some of the experiments that they did, so yeah, I miss them being on the show, but I like how the show is a little less silly now and a bit more science oriented.
Saw something like this on CBS the other day, but this market on boats has been going on for about a thousand years. http://www.cbsnews.com/news/change-coming-to-vietnams-floating-market/ Warning: You will be hungry for Pho after watching this video.
The speed wobble video you posted set off a chain reaction of "related" videos that totally burned up my boring afternoon. Thank you.
The age difference thing is always going to be a part of the narrative. Even if Angel had met Buffy when she was in her 20s or 30s, there'd still be a huge age difference. Their love is forbidden on many, many levels, not only the obvious age gap, but also because she's a vampire slayer and he's a vampire, which makes their relationship all the more compelling and intriguing to the viewer.
I can never think of anything to ask! Somebody come up with something clever for me.
Nightwish Ghost Love Score with Floor Jansen on vocals. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3brcfttchzA If there's a limit of how many times you can watch a video on Youtube, I am probably pretty close to reaching it.
Is it just the exhaust pipe, or does that also include a catalytic converter? Sometimes these are also one whole piece, especially if they're connected to the exhaust manifold of the vehicle. If you live in a state where they put salt on the roads, then a rusty exhaust system can happen around the decade mark. Ask a few more questions about what is actually being replaced and if they are aftermarket parts, or original Toyota parts. That too can make a big difference.
On a lot of front wheel drive vehicles, the exhaust manifold will have a catalytic converter built right onto it, mostly due to packaging reasons, but also for emissions as the catalytic converter heats up faster when it's closer to the engine. These kinds of systems usually meet at a collector, then a single exhaust goes out to the back of the vehicle. The OP wasn't specific enough about what part of his exhaust system was bad, so it's kind of difficult to gauge if that's too expensive or not. If it's just a muffler from the collector back, that should be a few hundred bucks tops to repair or replace. Catalytic converters can be extremely expensive as they contain rare earth metals.
I'm excited when a bot responds to one of my posts.
I'd say that it's mostly a space opera, but it certainly incorporates elements of horror, adventure and fantasy.
If you are afraid of getting the wrong cartridge filter, then you should probably buy an OEM filter from your dealership and get the correct part number, then buy one online or somewhere else, since you'll know for sure what filter you need.
I just started watching it a few days ago and wasn't sure what to think at first. I did like the basic premise of the show, but it felt a bit formulaic at first, but once things started chugging along about half way through the season I totally got on board with it.
Real gangstas go to Leaders Park and go down Suicide Hill. But seriously though, Suicide hill has claimed many a knee and broken many a leg. The last time I was there a few years ago, they had it fenced off.
I don't think the sledding hill is an official hill any longer, but the park itself is nestled between Leadale Ave and I-229. There are some decent mountain bike trails, and a community garden at Leaders Park that are worth mentioning.
Those are fun. I've ridden them a few times.
This song is the pinnacle of thrash metal -- tt checks all the boxes that makes a great song with solid lyrics, fantastic guitar playing and stunning drums. It's one of my favorite songs of this genre.
In the episode Once More With Feeling where Buffy looks up at the camera and sings the words "...and you can sing along" to the audience. It was really subtle and clever, like the rest of the show always is.
Rock &amp; Roll Hall of Fame. First of all, it wasn't very rock &amp; rolly, it was more like a pop culture museum, which would be cool if that's what it was, but they had things like a bra that Madonna wore one time and a bunch of other frilly shit. The building was weird and seemed like it had a ton of wasted space, and they wouldn't let you take a picture of something like Eddie Van Halen's guitar, because of copyright laws, which was infuriating. The whole thing was just kinda hokey.
There are still some pretty good slot car tracks like this still around. I got a chance to spend some time on a track like this in Boston a few years ago and the cars now are staggeringly fast, your eyes can barely follow the cars around the track they're going so fast. Some of the ads for the consumer level tracks were great too. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hdeDYAnMzzA
Good on your customer for having proper winter tires.
Next step: giant frozen wheel (un)balancers.
It's probably set up for TSD rally. They're usually held in rural areas, and lots of guys set up auxiliary lighting on their cars to run them. Seeing how this is in California and there's a lot of tumbleweeds and other debris on the roads in areas where these kinds of TSDs are held, then the brush guard would serve two purposes. Looks like a well made piece to me.
All the Washburn 5 string basses that I have played have really close string spacing, too close for me in fact.
There's a lot happening during the finale, actually during all of season 7. What the finale really needed was a two hour special, but apparently the network wasn't down for that, so they crammed a lot in. As for the loss of Anya, it was kind overshadowed by the loss of Spike. There wasn't anything said about Spike right away either, but I think everybody knew that not all of them would make it out alive.
Chislic. Lamb cubes cooked in olive oil. It's only known in South Dakota, but is totally delicious. I'd take them to Jono's to enjoy it.
Every time I have done this, I downtune all the strings, to take any undue stress off the neck.
Find other awkward people to meet.
Good advice. Thanks.
Happened to me in a bike crash actually. I got hit by a car and woke up in the trauma center, with my tongue bit in half. It was so bad, that I could barely talk. The surgeon who put my face back together told me not to worry about it, as my tongue would be healed by the time I came out of surgery. 12 hours later, it was healed! The rest of my face was a wreck, but I managed to survive a pretty horrific accident, so my botched face wasn't that big of a deal really.
Eh. Not bad really. There's some scarring on the end of my nose and underneath my nose where it meets my top lip. The other scars look sorta like pock marks from acne. The plastic surgeon that did the surgery said that I healed remarkably well. The worst thing to come from all of it was the nerve damage to my chin, which makes it slightly difficult to talk, as my lower lip and chin feel numb all the time.
I have no idea what happened to the driver of the car, as I was found on the side of the road by another motorist who saw me laying there.
From the time of the accident to when my tongue healed back well enough to talk was ~20 hours. Even then my tongue was extremely sore, but so was the rest of my body. EDIT: missed a word.
I'm only here because I was wearing my helmet.
"Hey, fowwy, but I ave ew fanfel ewonigh" "I bii my ewnge!"
Where did this happen and how did you get out of the ditch?
Glad to hear you got pulled out, even if it required a tug from a tow truck. How are you liking your MT tires for driving on snow? I've found that AT tires work better for me for driving on snowy and icy conditions, as there are more sipes in the treads.
Some of our more creative endeavors have been in an effort to destroy each other.
I swear, they keep getting better and better all the time. Can't wait to see them next month!
I liked season 4 better than I did season 6. Still, the first 3 seasons of Community were perfect.
I think the driver eventually switched to an Open Light Subaru.
Thanks for the correction.
He's the perfect anti-hero. The show hadn't really one until Spike came along, which added another layer of complexity to the balance of the main characters. Ultimately, I think Spike was a great addition, although I do think he takes up just a bit too much screen time in season 7.
I just think of each singer as part of a different era of recorded music from Nightwish. I appreciate what all of them have contributed towards the band, but I do contend that Floor is the most versatile in a live setting.
JDM gold plated drums yo.
It was a juvenile crush for Willow and to some extent Xander. I thought the way the show explored their relationship was covered nicely. Had their been anymore time spent on it, it could have gotten a bit tedious. Spending more time on their budding relationship may also have closed the door on Willow meeting Oz or Xander seeing Cordelia. That being said, I'm glad that Xander and Willow remained good friends, even if they eventually grew apart throughout the years.
OEM wheels for just about any brand are about $600.00 to $1000.00 a piece, so that sounds about right actually. Do you have a part number on the replacement wheel that you're looking for?
He made Die Hard work. The balance and the chemistry between him and Bruce Willis was fantastic.
Are you doing this drive right now? Road trip? Something else?
I can't ride anymore either, but because of concussions. I could still ride, and I was up until a few years ago, but it just isn't worth it if I want to live the rest of my life in a reasonable state of coherency.
KNAC.com still has an option to use Real as a way to stream music on their site. They even have an option for Quicktime, which begs the question, does Apple even support Quicktime these days? http://www.knac.com/listen.asp
That was the previous gen Corolla that had the All-Trac option. This appears to be a regular FWD Corolla.
Is is streaming anywhere on IFC? Otherwise I'll just wait for it to hit Netflix, which is how I watched it the first time.
I finally threw my parallel port Zip drive and all my 100 meg discs out a few months ago. I don't think I had used them since 1999. They were great for moving large data (for the time) back and forth from home to school. 3D Stuido Max files were huge, and there was no other way to work on it at home, without a Zip drive.
The music sounded like engine revs, which was kind of confusing.
I liked how that guy called out everything that was happening during his apprehension and subsequent arrest. "THEY'RE PUTTING ME ON A STRETCHER!" "I'M IN AN AMBULANCE!" "I'M IN A HOSPITAL!"
Or r/mildlysatisfying
I love everything about my current first gen Tacoma, save for its somewhat wonky 4 speed automatic. Had I not found the truck I have in such great condition with such low miles, I would have waited and found one with a 5 speed manual. Other than that, I can see myself driving my first gen for another 10 years easily. It's such a great truck.
I think so. I'm a notorious noodler on the bass. It's not until I sit down to learn a song, or a section of a song that I start finding patterns on the neck that I wouldn't thought of on my own.
That's the only way to eat terrible pizza from Pizza Hut. I'd imagine it'd work with terrible burgers too.
I'm happy to see you stuck with it on your project. Every time I start a project like this, I get frustrated and impatient, especially when I have to borrow tools and a garage from friends to work on my rolling projects. I guess that's why I never finished the SAS on my '92 Toyota. :(
What other things does she have a tendency to fall off of?
I used to have one, but it rusted into nothing. I even went so far as to rivet in new floorboards, after I put my foot through mine.
I just did my second rewatch, and I'm already thinking about watching it again!
I'll check it out when it's on Netflix or Hulu. Glad to see that SyFy is committed to programming like this and other shows like Dark Matter, which enjoyed quite a bit.
David always has interesting guitar riffs. This is good stuff.
Sold the '92 years ago, then moved onto a very dilapidated '85 4Runner that I thought I would be able to salvage, but it was too rusted out. :(
It's futuristic and follows the design language of the Mirai, which is also a rather polarizing design. In a few years, this Prius will look normal.
It really creates some great dissonance.
I've never watched the show, but I grew up during a time in which these kinds of songs were popular. Even for a parody, this song is great.
Truck appears to be an early '90s Hilux.
It gets confusing in the US, because the trucks were on a Hilux chassis, but the model name never got the Hilux moniker for the US market.
Even if this isn't true, it's a really clever meme.
About the same size as the current Tacoma, but even by Toyota standards, the T-100 was ridiculously overbuilt. Toyota had Hino, their heavy duty truck division design most of the truck. The T-100 came in at a weird time and at was a weird size for American buyers, so it never really caught on, even though it was good truck for what it was.
Well, slavery and genocide is condoned in the bible.
Those are vent tubes for the tool box!
I liked the arc that Andrew had, and I liked how he became a part of the group, but it also made season 7 feel like it was trying to do too much. Still, I'm glad he was there. As much hate as Kennedy gets from fandom, I still think she's an interesting character with a lot of traits that would eventually make a great slayer in battle. She was brash and arrogant, but also extremely brave and was certainly willing to fight alongside Buffy and Faith. I guess if I had to pick a favorite, I'd say Amanda or Vi. For all the chaos and clutter that made season 7 a bit unsteady, I still liked the message that got lost in the shuffle, Buffy changed everything. She changed the Slayer lineage forever and gave her powers to any potential slayer. That was beautiful.
It's legal to ride an ATV on the street here, so long as it has front and rear lights and is licensed. I see lots of ATVs like this now, mostly kitted up with stupid looking wheels and tires like the OP posted.
Is it a Toyota TRD charger?
I read the install on the TRD charger was pretty easy. This might be something that I'll do in the future, especially after having driven my truck over the Rockies twice, where a supercharger would be beneficial at high altitudes.
What would the mechanism of sap crystallizing more have an impact on how the wood resonates? Is there that much sap in "new" or "old" wood? Isn't most wood that's used for guitars dried out for a long time before it's made intro an instrument? It's not that I'm not a fan of vintage instruments, because I am, but I'm kind of perplexed by the sap part of your equation.
I hated morphine. Once I was coherent about what was going on after my accident, I stopped using it. I only took a few of the Oxycodone that they sent me home with as well, as they made me feel like a zombie.
I could see where that might be a tonal difference in an acoustic, but an electric guitar or bass relies more on the nut, the bridge, the pickups and wring to produce its overall tone. For me, it's build quality. The guitars an basses that came out of Japan in the '70s, '80s and early '90s was incredible. I had an early '70s Ibanez artist guitar that was one of the nicest instruments that I've ever seen. I eventually ended up trading it for a drum set, but now I regret it. One of the nicest bass guitars I've played was a friends 1984 Ibanez Blazer. The build quality of those were both outstanding.
It actually scared me. I would be watching something on TV and my brain couldn't register of something was supposed to be funny, or sad or whatever. That was crazy. I just put up with the pain for a few weeks.
Was she named after a character from the show Dollhouse?
&gt; Ssangyong Acyton That's exactly what it is. Thank you!
You should have chained up for this.
I like the commitment that season 6 shows. They could have made an episode or two about the consequences of bringing Buffy back from the dead, but they didn't. They totally owned it and made the actions of Willow and the rest seem real and tangible. EDIT: The practical reason for Giles not being in season 6 was Anthony Head wanted to spend more time with his family in England, so they wrote him out for most of the season.
They're almost identical.
Had to look that up on Urban Dictionary.
Does the slope that the titanium is sitting at make any difference?
I just found it on the FAQ page, about a half a dozen clicks on on their page well hidden. It says that their drivers do accept tips, so I'll be sure to leave him a bit extra next time.
Looks like they were trying to accomplish what Minneapolis Moline did in the '50s and '60s. http://i.imgur.com/CwKTdU8.jpg
I agree. I'm a generous tipper when it comes to wait staff, pizza delivery person etc. For me, this was kind of a new era of tipping etiquette as I used to use Pea Pod home delivery service when I lived in Minneapolis, and they specifically told you that the drivers don't accept tips.
I've made a lot of these while winter camping, but I didn't have a full bar or fancy hardwood floors.
He just gnaws at the grass a bit, then either guards it like he's doing here, or pretends that he's hiding behind the grass, like it's a bush or something.
He plays it with his fingers live. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q_KJMPkAGwk
Have a web based application on our corporate network that we waited almost 5 years to be developed by our vendor. It relies exclusively on Java *and* Flash to function properly. Every time either Flash or Java gets updated, a toolbar inevitability gets installed and renders the program totally inoperable. The vendor said that reprogramming the program in HTML5 would take a few years and would too costly, so I guess we're stuck with a program that is already obsolete.
After seeing Bucky spectating at LSPR last year, I was wondering if we would see him behind the wheel at a stage rally. Sure enough, he's on for Sno* Drift. I wonder if Bucky Lasek and David Higgins will eventually be doing stage rally for SRT full time.
You live in Minnesota and it hasn't rotted into oblivion?
Fans react to Fine Bros trying to copyright "reaction videos" by not watching Fine Bros videos.
The SVX existed in an automotive realm that's often confusing to a North American audience, as it was a GT, or Grand Touring car. Not really a sports car, not really a muscle car, it slots somewhere between a sporty car and a luxury car -- not a vehicle that has ever been very popular or understood stateside.
Yes, this was really a thing, but only in Canada eh. Sorry. http://i.imgur.com/Ym2ZpmZ.jpg
Can you upload another version of the video without the background music? I wanna hear me some boxer rumble.
That's awesome, and total music to my ears.
Some of these are pretty stupid, but they're also kind of funny. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GYLzJGNunGk
Don't label yourself anything then. I'm just a non believer who likes science and isn't hung up on what society labels me as. As far as this sub is concerned, it was always better a year ago, like any sub on Reddit.
I really did like the first few seasons of this show, when the formula actually worked, but now it's like watching New Coke and I just don't care for it.
This is awesome! Now that I have access to a 3D printer, I've started sketching out my ideas for a headless bass. I made the initial sketches on paper, then drew it out in Inkscape. After that I brought in a few of the .svg files into Tinkercad to get comfortable working in a 3D environment again. What I plan on doing is printing out the body in 4 sections, with a section in the middle of the pieces hollowed out so I can use a piece of wood to mount the neck to. I got the idea from this build. https://3dprint.com/93958/3d-printed-polymax-guitar/ Here's where I started, and how it looks in Tinkercad. (nothing is to scale yet) http://imgur.com/a/tCWCJ This has been really fun thus far, and I'll post a build of it once I start getting things measured and when it has been printed and built.
Rattles, it's what makes a Subaru a Subaru.
Couldn't the same be said of King Arthur? There were many accounts of him, but he's never known to have existed.
Was this taken a bro convention?
Have a shiny birthday tomorrow!
Are you going to retune the 3.8 to run on lower quality fuel that you may find in Africa? Also, you like about 10 years younger sans beard.
I'd like to point out that the original Sherlock Holmes books and later variations of movies and TV shows were all procedurals. Even the highly regarded ITV series that Jeremy Brett starred in was by all accounts, a standard procedural. It wasn't until the BBC came along with the series Sherlock, where it became more about the character, not the way in which crimes were solved. Sure, the deduction was there, but it takes a back seat to him being a "ridiculous man." I think Elementary stays more true to the original formula that Doyle created than Sherlock does. It's not to say that Sherlock isn't a great show, because it certainly has a large following, and is entertaining in its own way, but it gets a little tedious sometimes. So yeah, take Elementary for what it is, a modern version of the classic character that has been a pop culture phenomenon for many years. The formula is familiar, but modern and the show maintains a very consistent atmosphere in every episode. I think you'll enjoy it.
I've been to 3 provinces in Canada and knew them while I was there travelling, but forgot them soon after I left. :(
I'll add to your list! Both characters are from Texas. Both characters have their origin story in a library. Both characters had their story arc interrupted/changed by the real life pregnancy of an actress in the 4th season of the show. Their arcs aren't just similar, they are the same character. Fred is Root, that's all there is to it. My head cannon puts both shows in the same 'verse because it makes total sense to me.
I would agree with that statement. I've been half way through an episode and it'll suddenly dawn on me that it's a take on The Blue Carbuncle. I'd say Elementary pays homage to Doyle, as it rarely makes a direct adaptation of his stories.
It's kind of beautiful in its own way.
With Elementary, you have a super detective formula that's been copied a million times over. Basically any super sleuth like Luther, Tony Hill, (Wire in the Blood) Robert Goren (Law &amp; Order: Criminal Intent) just to name a few, are basically a variation of Sherlock Holmes. They make for compelling characters, but it's something we've seen so many times that it feels a bit contrived when the character that spawned all of these copies feels like a copy of himself in his own series. :P The show obviously has to fit neatly into the confines of a 45 minute episode with room for commercial breaks, which doesn't give it as much room to control the narrative. Still, I think the show does a great job of staying on track with how the characters are portrayed and keeping the feel of the show very consistent.
It's kind of a by the numbers metal song, but I think that's the point of the song isn't it?
My '04 is still looking good, but it's only been in the rustbelt for 3 years. I'm going to reinforce it this summer, then rustproof the hell out of it.
In the Midwest, it's pronounced "sherbert" Nobody knows how or why the r got in there.
That'd be like pronouncing Worcester as Wista. "I'm eating sherbert in Wista!"
The book was really good too.
I like the fact that it has 4 matching wheels now.
Maybe you could try to find a good picture of him dressed as Scopy playing drums in the episode Won't Get Fooled Again and have him autograph it or something. http://farscape.wikia.com/wiki/Won't_Get_Fooled_Again http://i.imgur.com/672XntQ.jpg
I don't know why they would. I was reading parts of Corinthians this weekend, and it doesn't explain how this is going to work very well. It's not a debate for me, but an explanation. There's no /r/askachristian sub, so I asked here.
Go figure. Reddit search didn't turn up anything. I just searched with google and it was there. That sub doesn't appear to be very active at all. EDIT: haha. I'm getting downvoted, but nobody is answering my questions. Thanks.
You shouldn't. u/Shorts28 just gave a really in depth and interesting reply.
Thanks for your well thought out reply. It sounds as though this is going to be removed, so I'll refrain from asking the many more questions I have about how the practical aspects of this would work out.
I was hoping for a followup to that too.
&gt; Christianity Thank you. https://www.reddit.com/r/AskAChristian/comments/4mzqzd/how_many_people_will_rise_from_the_dead_during/
Thank you for doing your best to answer all of my questions. This really does paint a more accurate picture of how the rapture would take place in our modern times. With issue of modernity, will there be any kind of provisions made for the advances made in science? If it were to happen tomorrow would everything we have learned about the human genome, DNA, splitting the atom, metallurgy etc., be a part of civilization, or would it revert back to when the bible was written and when Trephination was still common practice? What if it happens thousands of years from now when many people have left earth and colonized other planets or solar systems? Does the reach of God extend to those planets?
OP you are totally overselling this. Oh wait, you're not.
I started reading Leviticus on my own when I was younger, so I brought it up to my Sunday school teach at church and asked him why we didn't cover it and many other books of the bible. His basic response was that the holy spirit guides us through our journey and that we would be taught what the church deemed to be important. Leviticus was the first book of the bible that made me question its contents. There was so much of it that was straight up bonkers and made me question even further what was being taught to me, and what wasn't.
The juxtaposition from studying select parts of the gospels in Sunday school, to diving in head first into Leviticus was pretty jarring.
I worked for a dot com in the early 2000s that spent over 700k on these servers. They bought these servers to run a splash page to show investors how much potential this dot com had. Seriously. 700 thousand freakin' dollars to run a splash page that they hired a Cold Fusion developer to code, and it didn't even do a damn thing. The dot-com era was fucking crazy.
More info on the DC-3 that crashed in Iceland. https://guidetoiceland.is/connect-with-locals/jorunnsg/the-abandoned-dc-plane-on-solheimasandur
Pylea was one of my favorite arcs in the 'verse too. I loved how they just threw everything out the window and said "Meh, screw it, let's take a broody vampire detective show and send it to some middle ages type fantasy place!" did it, and totally owned it.
Southern people take their college sports very seriously.
I lived in the panhandle of Florida for a few years, where everybody had a favorite college team. I have never known anything about sports or college football, which totally betrayed my northern heritage when I lived there.
That's my perfect idea of a build right there. Not too tall, not too showy. It's just right.
The local Subaru club I'm a part of has had a rash of WRX/STI drivers with wheels that have fallen off due to their aluminum lugnuts stripping. They still contend that they're worth it, for the few ounces of unsprung weight savings.
I've never heard of the stuff before. I think I'm going to order some tonight!
Even though this show was critically acclaimed and loved by fans, it has been largely forgotten. I don't really know what that is either. Maybe it's because it's a sometimes weird show that isn't as palatable as something like Firefly. Maybe it's because there was a mass exodus of this format of show when "reality" TV became so popular. I really can 't figure it out.
There are no rules to how a material will sound. Just because we've been using wood for stringed instruments for a few hundred years doesn't mean that other materials won't sound good. This is especially true for an electric guitar where the pickups account for most of the tone generated by the instrument. This subject has been the topic for much debate on the internet for well over a decade, so I'm sure you'll find a different opinion on a very subjective subject. Willseasyguitar goes into great detail about this if you want to watch his videos on Youtube.
It's a solid season. I think it's a bit jarring because the gang feels a bit broken up after high school, which I think was intentional, so yeah, it feels really different right away. Adam, the big bad of the season isn't my favorite, but it does bring up interesting ideas of humanity. I did like the The Initiative and thought Riley was a good addition as a potential "normal" boyfriend/love interest.
If you're looking for Star Trek lite, then Farscape is not for you. As far as the show being depressing is concerned, have you seen the 6th season of Buffy the Vampire Slayer? Now that is depressing television.
There are Scooby Doo movies to make!
I understand your passion for woods and their potential tones. Wood has a romance to it that other materials don't, but again, there are no scientific rules to indicate how a material will sound when there are pickups mounted to it. As far as your anecdote, you also have to consider every other part of your guitar in the signal chain. Even the quality of your tone and volume knobs, to how your pickups were wrapped will make a difference in how your guitar will sound when ran through an amp. The tonewood debate makes more sense when you're talking about acoustic guitars, but even then there are materials out there that have their own unique tonal properties. Have you played a Rainsong acoustic guitar before? They're very throaty, nice sustain and the body and neck never go haywire due to the weather. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2NlZrmaH3T4 Here's a well done comparison between the two: (with adorable Canadian accents eh) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MJ6iyWSEzIs Ask one of the many people who use carbon fiber violins and cellos now, as they're much easier to travel with and sound fantastic. As far as the OP and his hollow Trek Y bike/Flying V monstrosity are concerned, it'd be no different than mounting a set of pickups to a hollow piece of wood. Of course it's going to need some bolstering internally to take the strain of the tension of the strings on the body. Basswood might be a good choice, in keeping with the theme of lightness. :) Well known Luthier Will, form WillsEasyGuitar knows his stuff and has done a lot of research on the topic, so I would encourage you to check out the myriad of videos that he has posted about the subject. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=svmOQuNC1Uw https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ehgl-AeDPkQ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9idyOaelfUs https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nJfeFe4CKEk
The 7th season of Buffy suffers from trying to cover too much ground. I say that actually actually having liked a lot of the concepts that they came up with. I thought the idea of The Potentials was really cool, especially the cold open where nothing is explained, however, things get bogged down in the details, and a last minute relationship that seems kind of thrown together. I actually liked Kennedy and liked her and Willow together, but it seems sometimes like the writers were going out of their way to prove that Willow has moved on. I think it could have been a much more organic relationship if it had a full season or two to blossom. I think the 7th season put a lot of emphasis on Spike. I like Spike well enough and think he's a great character, but he became sort of the Fonzie of the show in the 6th and 7th season. The emphasis on Spike would have been more rewarding if his death would have been permanent, which would have made his sacrifice worth something. An Andrew-centric episode, while solid was kind of a waste of story telling time, as there was still a lot of ground to cover to wrap up the Slayer lineage arc and all The First. So yeah, there were great things about the 7th season that I liked, but everything felt really rushed and sloppy during the final episode. Maybe a 2 hour finale would have allowed for more breathing room, or less shenanigans with the potentials and Buffy calling Chloe an idiot for committing suicide during one of her tedious speeches, one of the cringeworthy moments of the series ever. Overall though, I still liked it and it find it more satisfying to watch in conjunction with Angel.
Is it a white shirts vs other colored shirts chair fight?
I watch/use Hulu way more now that I have the ad free version. I still lean towards Netflix more as I like the content there better and it doesn't feel like a total afterthought like Hulu does.
I like Spike too, but the potentials ultimately had a more significant role in the transfer of power of the Slayer lineage than Spike did. Honestly, they could have handled the potentials in away that worked better with the story that would have been more compelling. I think they kind of scratched the surface with Amanda, but obviously they didn't have an entire season to devote to each potential. With Spike, he did seem to get a lot of unnecessary, or at least not very rewarding screen time, especially considering Dawn and Xander just kind of petered out. Xander was always a huge part of the group and nothing really happened with him at all.
Somebody is probably designing a USB to 3.5 adapter as we speak.
This is when Honda was at its prime.
Transmissions are spec series, meaning that all teams have to use the same transmission. If the seals had been changed, then it means that they could have possibly modified it in some way, which they probably didn't.
Honda was really caught off guard by the Koreans. Nobody, including German and American car companies could anticipate how quickly they would start building competitive high quality cars. For a while, the best car Honda was making was the Fit/Jazz, but the new Civic and even the new Ridgeline shows that Honda has found their way again.
I don't know how the protest rules work in WRC, but you'd think there would be provisions for something like that to take place.
I love Dawn too! I'm less enthusiastic about Connor, but I don't hate him the rest of the way most fandom does. I think there's a lot more that the writers could have done with both Dawn and Connor. Season 7 of Buffy was supposed to be the return to Sunnydale. With Dawn at the helm, even as a normal person, there could have been a ton of things they could have done with it, but instead her character just sat in limbo and never really grew or went anywhere. I thought what they did with Connor was kind of meh in terms of his sendoff. It was painful for Angel to basically give him up for adoption, but it was also kind of a free pass for writing the character off the show for a while. Both Dawn and Connor could have been real assets to the show, but were never fully utilized.
I'd love to see the turbo 1.5 in a Fit, something like a Fit SI perhaps?
Most pickup truck owners don't rotate their spare with the rest of their tires, as the spare is usually mounted on a different wheel than the rest of the truck. The spare tire on my Tacoma is mounted on a steel wheel, while the rest of my wheels are the factory alloy wheels. As far as your spare is concerned, you didn't say what year or generation your Tacoma is, so I'm not sure how much room you will have between the frame rails to fit your spare tire.
Yamaha RBX-A2 Washburn T-25 Washburn CB-14 Washburn Bantam (headless)
How unbelievably heavy it is. For the money though, it's a great single cut bass for the money.
I dropped my hockey puck into my poutine when I realized the OP was full of beavershit.
These usually fade into a dull silver luster after 20+ years.
Honestly, I'm probably going to sell it or trade it in. I already bought the aforementioned Yamaha RBX-A2 which weighs just a few pounds. I'm thinking about picking up an Ibanez Ergodyne EDA905, which is made of Luthie and is very light, at least compared to this Washburn boat anchor.
Go out to the Sandhills of Nebraska some time, especially during the summer. It has its own unique, desolate beauty and offers the opportunity to see all sorts of weather patterns unfold.
This is mostly due to how high the frame rails are and how the body is mounted in the frame rails. If you look at something comparable like a Colorado, its frame rails are lower to the ground, and the cab sits lower, which gives the driver more leg room. So yeah, it's always a compromise of ground clearance and ergonomics and in the case of the Tacoma, ground clearance wins out.
The first season of Angel is decent. It hasn't really found its identity yet, but it does by the second season and starts moving along nicely. The 5th season of Angel is probably one of the best in the Buffyverse.
/r/adorableanimalhybrids
What's the difference between an F and B? Diesel engine?
Dawn and Connor needed their own episode. I know that wouldn't have been possible since they were both on separate shows, but the potential was there. Think about it. They both had similar mystical genesis arcs, were rather disliked by fandom and both went on to pretty much wither away in their respective shows. I think they would have had a lot to talk about and could both wallow in how unfair their lives are. I say that being a big fan of Dawn, and with a mild appreciation of Connor. I haven't really put together any wacky ideas for their paring, but it seems to me that it could be fun, or really depressing. That'd fit well with atmosphere of both shows nicely
Well, at least it wasn't another funeral for Buffy. :)
I wonder if there's going to be a senate panel on this.
The power of a 4 cylinder with the fuel economy of a V8! If you keep headgaskets in these things, they are quite reliable.
