Or Phil forgot to set aside some time for band rehearsals despite accepting the $50million...., certainly Trey should not be faulted, he did far more than should be expected and took his part quite seriously.
Hopefully people will start buying from their local butchers. I am quite sure ( as sure as a vegetarian of 25 years can be ) that your local butcher will not only give you the country of origin he will give you directions to the farm where the cow lived a happy life, and it may just be within a 20 minute bike ride of your house.
Woodstock. Festival Express. Both have some great proshot videos. Both have out takes as well of the band enjoying others music-hanging out, as well as previously unreleased video.
There is a small portion of them doing Monterey Pop but their performance has never been officially released due to legal dealios.
The Human Be In. Death Of The Haight Funeral. Few other videos from 68 as well. I have all of the above but in storage, I know Im missing a bunch. Justin Krutzman compiled a bunch for a video montage, great quality.
Grateful Dead Turn On Your Love Light - Woodstock 40 minute pro shot https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tUeHBtAMifo
Sun Stones. They are a yellowish crystal-mineral stone that glows if held up to the sun. They can be found on a few beaches around town. Ive never seen them off of the island.
I am in the exact same boat. 297 light, never raided. Ill add my details when I get home.
Love it! I havent played DnD seriously in 30 years but man that is the kind of thing I used to dream of, deluxe for us was drafting graph paper that was ruled to to the mm.
1976 JGB is some of my fave music in the world. So damn mellow, beautiful and THAT WHITE TB GUITAR. That guitar tone is just so damn unique and yet quintessential Jerry. They could release the entire year ( if they had them ) and I would be in heaven.
Do you DL Flacs ? If so I can link a ton.
http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=575049 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=570156 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=568483 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=560433 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=546082 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=545856 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=534099 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=533529 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=519687 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=519687 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=513940 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=513842 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=513752 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=512150
Hit him up for some tickets next time hes in your town!
I can happily help, really not any different once you are set up. Do you use Mac or PC ? Do you have a torrent client ( a program that Downloads the torrents you click ) ?
Ok, PC is easiest of the two. So the first thing you need to do is right click desktop make a new folder call it Music say. Next DL qbittorrent ( link below ). Install program, click the DL link on any of the torrents I linked, in a moment your qbittorent will open and ask where to dl it to ? Click the window, hit desktop, and your new music folder, ok. Thats it. Qbittorent will run all your download torrents including movies, music, comics, books etc etc. It is lightweight ( will not use up any memory ) and does not track you with cookies etc. qbittorent is very easy to use and completely intuitive, it does not " play " your files, it is just used for downloading. http://www.qbittorrent.org
If you want a great free audiophile program to play your flacs without converting them try Aimp3. It makes most other players sound and look as bad as they actually are. It also plays 24bit, flac, sacd, dvda etc. etc. http://www.aimp2.us/aimp3-download.php
GDT is the most over fluffed under delivering film maker I can think of. Pacific Rim was beyond horrible, ive never witnessed worse dialogue and acting in a movie theatre in my life. I still have not made it through Crimson Peak, its painfully written and horribly acted despite having maybe the best cast of any movie this year. It takes an incredible amount of work to make the cast of crimson peak act as terribly as they did.
I just puked in my mouth.
Mountains Of Madness.
Completely agree, I had not seen a movie that bad since Yor Hunter From The Future and that was 30 years.
If you are homeless or dress homeless you will be left to drink in peace.
I was 16 mid 80s. A group of friends and I had a friend whos parents went away every weekend to their cottage. We had weekly psychedelic experimentation. These sessions started off with a movie being the focus; Altered States, 2001, Cronenberg movies, Ralph Bashki films, blacksploitation films, animated movies like Secret Of Nihm etc. One night it was Pink Floyds The Wall, and the power of the music combined with the substances and visuals eventually our nights became highly planned and focused music appreciation sessions. We started off with Pink Floyd and that slowly expanded to The Grateful Dead. Then we got copies of The GD Movie, RCMH ( Dead Ahead ), So Far etc.
Great post, still the most legendary cockblock of all time!
I disagree somewhat. Not the show, obviously some of the most incredible moments, and that show has brought me to some very special places ( talking to you Christmas Eve 1993 ). Its the sound quality, its just not exactly perfect. If you listen to it side by side with many bootlegs or any other official release from that period you will find the soundscape to be particularly shallow. If you listen on some good headphones side by side with the Charlie Miller remaster of the show ( bonus you get to hear the entire show ) you may hear what I am talking about. https://archive.org/details/gd1973-12-19.sbd.miller.97361.sbeok.flac16
edit- There is another version where Charlie patched in the Phil bass solo that Phil famously forced Dick to cut. I need to dig in my HD to find it.
Put on some headphones and CRANK this Here Comes Sunshine. You will not be the same ever again. https://archive.org/details/gd1973-12-19.sbd.miller.97361.sbeok.flac16
I think Phil thought it was a bit self indulgent, but the backlash from the fans that got back to Phil taught him a lesson that the band were a bit too close to the music and that they should take a step back and let the fans have it how it was played.
CBC and CFUV are all I listen to radio wise. Thankful to have these two in an otherwise desolate and hopeless Victoria radio landscape.
streaming is lossy. you would have to dl the show from btetree for the actual comparison.
That was not a fun half of football. Seahawks look flat and uninspired. I expect a diffent Seahawks second half.
We sure did not win that game, The Vikings lost it. So glad we have another opportunity to play again with this group, because this game would be a terribly lack lustre way to end the season.
Only a complete loser headcase would think this win would be something to gloat about.
You dont think 10 points can beat The Panthers ? /s Ya, we need team brainstorming starting right this moment.
When I was 17 I camped out over night to buy tickers to his Glass Spider Tour in 1987 at CNE Stadium Toronto. Despite all the changes I went through in my musical tastes in my life Bowie never left my music collection.
You can not buy meth and crack 24-7 out in Prospect Lake, lets be reasonable.
Try to buy a 10kilo bag of rice, a 10 kilo bag of lentils, a 15 kilo bag of flour and a 10lbs bag of dried beans. Keep those in the pantry for the next 3 months and add them to dishes. We eat a lot of mexican, and I make my own pizza doughs 1-2 times a week ( and scones, banana bread, muffins etc ). Seems to save us a lot of money. # not saying you are wrong, I was back east in Ontario for a month and groceries were %25 less expensive, my guess is wayyyyy more competition is the reason, I have brought this up numerous times here in other threads, but for some reason any talk of more grocery stores coming to Victoria gets people upset and + downvotes.
Its mushy and tasteless, but it is not horrible.
Rebar - Almond Burger is incredible and very filling. Fantastic toppings. No fries though. You can have it with a side chop salad that is one of the best salads in the city though. Ferris Oyster Bar - Their veggie burger is very unique, it is basically 50% sunflower seeds, sounds weird but its good and unlike most veggie burgers it is crispy. The downside is it is kind of greasy and so are the fries but thats ok once in a while. Pink Bicycle - have two, a bean one which was very mushy, and a chick pea one which has a great consistency but a strong taste, cumin maybe ? The buns, toppings and fries are great though.
I did not hate Bin4s version, it was ok, I tried it twice caveat to go, i bet they are better fresh. Costcos is just their version of Moneys Garden Burger, the original is much better IMO, they don't have much taste but at least they are not fake meat which I find gross.
Its a fake meat type burger, TBH that is not my fave type of burger, so I am a bit biased.
Try Rebar, ive got quite a few carnivores hooked on this one.
Dead Beats is a food truck, they do a cashew burger that was pretty good, not sure if they run in the winter, but they are everywhere in the summer, and they have good fries as well. Its a bit small and expensive relative to some.
Looking forward to trying this, thanks!
Will be trying this, thanks! Have never eaten in Logans I dont think, seen some good shows there though.
Where at Uvic ? I heard at one point there was a veggie restraunt there, we drove up and nobody had heard of it?
Dude, you HAVE TO try it!
Moneys come in 6 packs, can get them at Lifestyles. They also have a veggie breaded cutlet at Lifestyles that i like even better, put that on a bun with toppings and homemade fries.
Thanks!
Is it open on Saturdays?
Thanks
Thanks!
Laces
Oh great, thanks!
Is the porta a burger or just a roasted mushroom ? Thanks!
Roast some almonds, peanuts and cashews in a dry pan until toasted then add that to your processor. dredge your patty in sunflower seeds and sesame seeds before frying it up in some EVOO.
will do, making a hit list!
*IF the Queen dies. Not so sure she will ever die, I am leaning towards the strong possibility she is a cyborg.
Jerry once said that if he had to pick just one instrument to play it would of been the pedal steel, but he said to be proficient at it its all he could of played. I often wonder when was the last time he played it, did he have Gris over to the house over the garage and jam out on his pedal steel and banjo ? Did he sit down at the piano and still compose ala he did for Terrapin in 77 ? If so when?
72 Fall Philo Stomps is Phil at his pinnacle ( not that im arguing, 73 is beyond epic ). Philo Stomp -- 10/24/72 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tQXy2az5_LA
The Orcas at Oakbay Marina, but it may be best to try and forget that all together ( HTF was that allowed to go on ?!? )
They hit a spring of water that should of been found long before the drilling began. The city freaked, the Lablaws group said fuck you then, kiss your store good bye.
and zero character development.
Oh I get it, and it will make 2 billion. But it will not be a movie, it will 2 hour action sequence. I would far prefer a movie more in the realm of the first two thirds of the Star Trek reboot. NOTHING HAPPENS. Its just great dialogue with character building.
Thanks for giving me permission for skipping the premiere.
In the summer the city does different dance nights outside at market square and centenial square.
They have two fires going at night, the apt building is complaining about how bad the smell is, not sure where they are getting firewood to have perpetual fires.
Jerry ripping Ziggy Stardust out of Space at Redrocks 78. Ooops that was just a dream I dreamed long ago......
Not excited by this honestly. I will get it and listen to it, but not at all what I was hoping for ( full show from 70-71 era maybe one with an unplugged set ).
Bailiff was on CBC APW this evening, remarkable story. With better infrastructure this could ( should ) be more common.
She is just plain AMAZING in JGB 76-78. Jerry said the vocal blend in that period went unmatched his career.
The new owners have done some interesting things preserving the character of the hotel, so far they cut down the iconic trees out front, tore down the rose garden and are now closing one of victorias best known and longest lasting restaurant. Why did they not just build a new hotel, the vacant spot beside crystal Gardens ( budget rental ) has been waiting for a buyer for 25 years.
Mayor was on CBC Monday she said that they are close to a deal for it to be in Esquimalt.
The Cons are really terrible at opposition. The irony, and just general befuddlement is entertaining in a way, but I also feel almost embarrassed for them.
I asked the company as they were cutting them down, as I lived downtown and my children played under the dinosaur trees weekly if not daily. He said it was not in the vision of the new owners. I call complete bullshit on safety.
I thought the ministry was putting everyone up in hotels.
TERRIBLE black Friday and Boxingday sales. I had giftcards and did not buy a thing.
VERY good point, I suppose I can always use an extra external HD.
Anyone know the symbology at work in this painting? I know all Renaissance work was supposed to work on two levels the spiritual and the human.
Minister was on CBC this morning to give some details. This girl is NOT the only person under ministry care living at "tent city". I can not think of a single part of the provincial government more embarrassing than the ministry of children. It is a complete shit-show from the top on down.
Put her in a mental ward if they can not do "anything" else. At least she can get some therapy before she becomes a drug addicted hooker or worse. A judge needs to do something before it is too late, this is a CHILD under the Provinces care.
I do not find this to be true.
This is what your looking for! http://www.gettinhigherchoir.ca/
Blows my mind to think Jerry is playing in a motel bar a mere weeks after the GDs Fall 72 tour.
I get the feeling from bits ive seen and read that this strays from the game in that he flips between different time periods; intentionally or not. Or correct me, maybe that is what the game entails ? Either way I am very intrigued and am a sucker for time travel.
and women. I would rather see a woman as the lead in an action-secret agent-spy movie. Toss in a woman director as well.
Hopefully they keep up flapping their lips because it makes me laugh.
Wow did not realize, thanks for bringing this to my attention.....
Not sure at all about his name but I can describe him, and have seen him as recently as Fall and he seemed to be doing the same scam.
I buy happy meals and hand them out, particularly on holidays when a lot of soup kitchens are closed or have short hours. No possible way will I ever give money.
She is even more famous. She often "marks" people around the China Town gates. Awful person.
Ha, reddish hair 40ish missing a bunch of teeth ? If so, no that is ANOTHER person and she is horribly horribly addicted to meth-crack-pills-everything. I used to live in that area and see her daily and how she is still alive is beyond comprehension.
No, this guy is drug addict thin, pony tail dark hair in a pony tail, always a black ballcap, glasses and possibly an ethnicity of first nations or even Mexican ?
They have been putting BABIES in hotels, check yesterdays paper and news. Weve gone from them admitting 26 cases to over 125 as of Monday ( that we know about ).
You just go enjoy Pacific Rim the grown ups are talking dear.
Vinyl Rips will be around, and im sure they sound incredible. All the other RSD vinyls have been transfered to Flac im sure this one is no different. GL poke around.
VERY EXCITED, woke up at 5am and my first thought in my groggy brain was will The Beast be unleashed today ?
Well, that will spell the END to R rated large budget movies. Fuck you China.
I always wondered why it was labeled Cryptical??
True, but this one always struck me as particularly odd as we know Cryptical is a suite of music, it would be the same as saying --1977 they played Weather Report Suite when they played Let It Grow. - Or maybe I am missing something ?
Right, you are correct, did they ever just do "Cryptical" without The Other One ? I have always refered to the Suite as Cryptical if it starts and ends with Cryptical; Cryptical-Otherone-Cryptical instead of the proper terminology of Thats It For The Other One. I suppose I should re listen to Hundred Year Hall ( or Eu72 Box ) and see if they tease Cryptical anywhere in that massive and dark Other One but I seem to remember studying that very conundrum and coming up empty but it will be a fun exercise none the less.
Nailed it. Sure if you are Cleveland this would be a great year. Not so with this line up. Wasted potential, I hope they fix some things and turn a few people around for next year, this team has one more year before it looks completely different.
I thought that was going to be the case this year, then we played a third of our games like a junior b college team.
Did anyone criticize Coach ? He is by far my favourite coach in the league, that beig said our offencive calls at times were pathetic and the players picked for offencive line were a horrible joke, I am not sure how much of that blame sits on Coaches shoulders, some I am sure. Hopefully these things are looked at closely.
I think you can be thankful that we have a great team and be angry with the team not coming close to their potential. I do not see it as an either or.
I think even public schools would benefit from uniforms. One last distraction, one less thing for kids to be teased about or looked down on for. See the benefit it has done for Public Charter Schools.
How many of these losses were 10am starts ? Pete does not have the Seahawks do early practice, he likes to keep things loose. The players like that, BUT that also means getting up early for the early games already puts them in that foggy headspace.
Send Cam packing, I think his attitude was more of a locker room distraction than theses professionals let on. No way should we resign Marshawn, again I believe there was a lot of back room drama with him we were not privy to because our team is like a brotherhood and most of them are gentlemen and professionals ( in attitude ).
I have tried about a dozen. Go with one without an external power supply. Better to buy a few 2.5 TB ones than put everything on a 5TB and have it fail. BACK IT UP. Over writing is the enemy and can lead to errors in the long run. So in short have a 2.5 HD that you use as your player, this you can delete add delete as you wish, but keep everything else on another HD that you only write to and only connect to add more source material to. I have had amazing performance from the Toshiba, they are very sturdy cased as well. http://www.amazon.com/Toshiba-Canvio-Basics-Portable-Drive/dp/B00N2S6W86/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1453251774&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=toshiba+HD
his first line of the morning, judging by those eyes I would say this started the morning before...
When was the last time VICPD handed out a ticket to a bus driver!? They regularly and flagrantly speed through intersections with pedestrians in them. I have called BCtransit on one driver he almost hit myself with my baby in a stroller during a walk signal. Maybe you could take a few hours a month to look at this ....
The TAXPAYER decides where their money goes to fund the type of school their children attends. That is smart and it gives the public more choice and competition is very good for EVERYONE the schools, the teachers and the children. If this topic is so upsetting for you maybe find a different one to rant in ?
I am salty; LOL. I am not religious in the least. I just think Victoria has a generally shitty and underfunded public school system ( most likely all of BC ). I also believe Catholic schools offer in most cases a better education, more specialists, more EAs, more sports and smaller class sizes. I also, unlike yourself am not upset by people having the right to chose religion, chose private schools or to divert their school taxes how they see fit. Not sure if you are a parent or not, but as I said before you seem quite upset by others choices about things that do not effect you what so ever ( edit notice i have said "i believe" where you see to know what is best for everyone else )
"That goes for non-religious private schools. They are "better" because they are better funded because they get donations from churches and have a pay to attend policy. " See above, but I still do not see your point, people should not be able to choose ? Catholic Schools in BC are good for everyone, the people who attend are still paying taxes that fund public schools yet they are not using those resources. If we say closed all semi-private schools ( Christian and Catholic schools ) the province of BC would be in a world of hurt, they are already stretched as far as they can possibly be, we have public schools in Victoria that are literally falling apart, moldy, without EAs, specialists, have little technology infrastructure and the class sizes are out of hand. "and that should not be a thing. Then you get an underfunded military, and underfunded social services because people who don't need it don't want to pay for it. Taxes go towards a "common good" not what you think is good for you and only you." No, you are incorrect. Ontario's model of diverting your taxes one way or the other does not lose taxes for anyone, and that IS a thing because taxpayers decided they wanted it that way.
Good luck getting through the storm!
No, no we do not, and anyone who does needs an education on what a continuing deteriation of the envirement will actually COST. Cost as in dollars, lots and lots of dollars.
Paul Giamati - Page
LCD !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Band rocks so friggin hard. Can not wait to see them back on a live stage.
This song was always played epicly.
Thats a shame, I am a westcoaster as well and although I am not the hugest fan there is some incredible gems to be mined in his catalog. Saying you hate Sprigsteen is akin to saying you hate Dylan or the Beatles or MUSIC, he plays in so many different styles there is something for everyone IMO.
Oh, I dont mean to infer YOU hate Sprigsteen, just a lot of "heads" are very closed minded about "other" music, I at one point when the GD were still around fit that category somewhat. Now I listen to all sorts of strange stuff that Pitchfork recommends and revisit all sorts of clasic stuff I never gave the proper time to back ion the day ( 24 bit Vinyl rips have helped greatly with my appreciation ).
Corny ? Sorry brah put down the bong and stop wooking out.
Well now I know its just you; you can not relate to Seinfeld either ? Duuuude you have issues.
Great choice. Much better choice than the 76 show IMO.
Things racists say for $200 Alex.
Saoirse is such an amazing Actor. Ever since seeing her in Atonement, you just knew she was special beyond most. Then Lovely Bones, Hanna and most recently Brooklyn I just get blown away by her all over every time. There was a rumor she was cast in Star Wars then it never happened, would love to see her do one of the solo films.
Just curious, but how long have you known about this guy and why does it always seem like months+ before "you" put out a statement like this?
Yet nurses and hospital workers seem to have a very inflated percentage of smokers compared to many professions. I know it is a stressful job but the irony is insanity.
"some"..../s
Contact these people ASAP, you honestly need help. http://www.islandcommunitymentalhealth.ca/
No, I cant click links from here.
So lets say the first incident happened the first week of December, CBC said something like DEC.3rd, and between then and now 12 (TWELVE !!! ) more incidents happen? Now 7 weeks or so pass and you decide to formally "alert" the city and the media ?? That strikes me as pretty shitty. I do not believe alerting the city and the media about what "possibly" was going on after the 3rd incident would of infringed on this "person's" rights. So as much as I appreciate you taking the time to write that and for being a presence here I am more frustrated now then before. * edit WTF is wrong with you people you think the police have done an acceptable job in their handling of this ???
Nailed it. 12.26.79 has THE Jerry solo, Bob tries to step in chop it down but Jerry just looks at him over top of his glasses and proceeds to melt the entire stage in balls of fire.
Zero pretty much. I dont think they have the speed to pull that or The Eleven off. One mistake and either of those go off the rails instantly.
The seeders at LL will re-up for you. Just go to the forums and make a request, you can even PM some of the people who have upped the other DVDs. I believe just the second set was available, like Buffalo it was a screen feed ?
Torrenting is easy, I will happily teach you and link everything you need and what to do in a ELI5 process ( mac-pc or both ). Why limit yourself by not torrenting?
I would not recommend utorrent anymore it comes bundled with spyware. Are you on Mac or PC ? If PC then for sure qbittorent. It is very lightweight can handle all your torrent needs and its open source so no ads or spyware. http://www.qbittorrent.org/
Are you on PC or Mac ? Ill type up a guide once I know and if you need any additional help or ANY questions just send them mu way.
Sure thing. Ill type it up and post back later!
PC definitely gives you far more options IMO, I have both as well, I prefer PC for torrent.
Ok. So first things first you need a program to "download" your torrents into your folders. There are 100s of choices, most will work fine, but some are heavy on spyware, advertisements and cookies. I have tried a dozen+ or more I believe qbittorent gets the highest ratings currently and that is what I recommend ( link below ). So click the link I give you, then install the program, just let it install in its default program area that it chooses. It will ask if you want a desktop icon and or a task-bar icon, I say yes. It may also ask if you want this as your default torrent program, again yes. OK leave the program be, in fact close it if its open. On your desktop right click and create "new folder" lets call this MUSIC. Click that folder and inside create new folders for JGB, Grateful Dead, Jazz etc ( if you plan on torrenting movies make a separate movie master folder ), nothing to me is more frustrating than downloading a show and not being able to find where it actually is. Close that. OK now you have some decisions, HOW are you planning on listening to this music ? Much of the GD world are Lossless torrents ( FLAC ) , which for simplicity sake means you are downloading CD quality. Some of you may only want MP3, I say that is a shame The Dead tapers taped the music preserving as much information as possible, you may as well hear it how it was intended, but if hard drive space is an issue, or if your only listening to your ipod then maybe MP3 is fine. So I digress, how are you listening to the music ? I have the music on external hard drives that I plug into my laptop or PC and I use Jriver or Aimp3 as my "media player" then the laptop or PC is plugged into my amp. Like your torrent program there are 100s of media players, they range from Audiophile quality to basic players and from free to quite expensive, if you are confused "itunes" is a common media player ( not one I recommend at all even for you Mac people ). Jriver is my fave but its $35.00, what I will recommend is AIMP3 it is lightweight can play anything ( flac, mp3, 24bit, DVDa, SACD etc ) and its free ( link below ). Other popular free media players are FOOBAR and MEDIAMONKEY. Both are great, but I find AIMP3 to use less resources and is far simpler and intuitive. If you are wishing to go oldschool and want to burn CDs and do not want a media player let me know, I can sort that out as well ( Traders Little Helper and EAC ). So skip this step if you have a good media player that plays Flac. If not click the AIMP3 link install it, yes to desktop and taskbar, yes you want it as your default player. Close it. Now lets do a test download. There are 1000s of places to grab torrents, BTETREE is free, safe and legal and have 1000s of GD shows ( all lossless ). So lets start with a GD show ( duh! ). Click the link, once it opens the 4th bar from the top says TORRENT - to the right of that is the torrent name. in this case it says "gd73-06-22.mtx.seamons.92375.sbeok.flac.torrent" , left click that. A box will open and say "open with qbittorent". Click OK. A second box will open this is for its destination. Click "BROWSE". Then a new window will open, on the left side you will see DESKTOP. Click that and scroll though all your desktop stuff until you see your new "MUSIC" folder, click that, inside click OPEN on your Grateful Dead folder. OK. Thats it, in a minute it will start to download. In 15 minutes or so it will complete. Now you have a show, If you have AIMP3, open that. Open music, click new playlist, put the name Grateful Dead 6.22.73 and drag and drop the file onto the playlist. Press play. CRANK IT UP! Test torrent GD 6.22.73 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=516051 BTETREE Torrents ( shows ) http://bt.etree.org/ qbittorrent ( torrent program ) http://www.qbittorrent.org/ AIMP3 ( music player ) http://www.aimp.ru/index.php?do=news&amp;id=27 TRADERS LITTLE HELPER ( convert your FLAC files to WAVE to burn as CDs ) http://tlh.easytree.org/ EAC ( free music cd burning program ) http://www.exactaudiocopy.de/
I have a brutal cold, hope I did not confuse anyone overly, post questions or PM me )
See above, hope this helps
Almost done, will post it ASAP
Wooks should not have to recognize something as paltry as Borders.
Love it! Much nicer than the ones from Deadnet or Liquidblue. Great Job.
Love it!
Check out the BEAST it had become by 1974. Some of the most intense playing they ever did IMO, much like Lazy Lightning a shorter song just bristled with psychedelic fire. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1BmbaRH4X5U
The proto-Playin! Ya, its very cool. This album and ACE are worth a good listen. There are some interesting out takes from this album, I dont think they include the horns that may of been mixed in ?
Maybe, but making profit off of fellow heads is strange ( to me )
You may believe that, and you may wish that the Conservatives believe that but c'mon that is not even remotely realistic, and a change that drastic in the party's mantra would make it a new party, something that is not happening.
That is what I am hoping for, the more decisions and announcements the more of the Conservatives radical Christian base that will desolve and look to put their money towards some other party, hopefully this is the beginning of a fractured Conservative party.
Pro tip. Do not let in dogs or smokers. 1 cat can be fine IF they seem like responsible people and pay a pet deposit. Signed former building manager who has had to "fix" countless suites after dog owners and smokers and had even more noise complaints for barking in the night or howling dogs when the owner is gone during the day. As for the smoked in suites many times 3 coats of paint and re-flooring still did not get the stench of smoke out.
Victoria has way too much sprawl for this to work without a massive investment that will not come. You look at a city like Amsterdam ( been many times and to other European cycling cities ) and the key is density and rapid rail ( street cars, train, subway, buses ). The RR takes the cars off the roads giving room for the proliferation of bike only paths. On top of the investment we would need a change in bylaws ( ? not sure if this is the hold up ) to get the the tens of thousands of unused square footage downtown turned into housing to get more people closer to their jobs and in cycling distance of home; talking about all those above retail spaces all over old downtown that sit vacant because they are too expensive to bring up to code and or are not zoned properly anymore. You look at a city like Amsterdam or even a small town like Haarlem not a single old building sits tenant-less, and many of those houses are 300 years old, something is wrong when we have 75-100 year old 3 stories worth of units sitting vacant ( lower Johnson as an example ).
I understand your well articulated points, but it DOES work for many cities across the world.
Ted Talk ( over 1.1 million views ) on traffic issues and what is being done. https://www.ted.com/talks/jonas_eliasson_how_to_solve_traffic_jams?language=en
PRIMAL!
The one they played at the Great Pyramid in Egypt with that 15 minute Middle Eastern spooky jam.............oh ya, they literally forgot to play all the stuff that should of been played in Egypt.
They did St Stephen some justice in NYC.
LOL this made me smile!
This is one of the best Crazy Fingers ☮ Grateful Dead, 6/14/76 - HD/HQ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hR41TwJZPsw
Cocker Meenow
Only ones I have found in town that are regularly filled with life are at Cattle Point. You will have to time it after the tide has recently left. By the boat launch.
I love his early singing a lot; Texas Fall 72 Box Of Rain I am looking at you! When he stopped harmonizing post retirement you could really hear his missing elements. Why the hell did they not do Pride Of Cucamunga live at the time, what a great first set song that could of grown in to. Much of his post Dead stuff has been painful to hear ( VOCALLY only I am talking about ), specifically Terrapin, HalfStep and Eyes; ouch. I remember seeing PhilandFriends in 99 ( AWESOME show ) and Phil started singing Halfstep and I literally had zero fucking clue what he was singing let alone what song it was and on most days it is my favorite Dead song.
You had me at " Jerry on his Travis Bean "!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! That tone just melts my fucking soul like no other sound in the universe.
I would say Fall 72 is Jerry as the full package perfect player, singer and band leader. His voice is mature and had not yet been ill effected by smoking and drugs. Every year ( and show )from 68-74 and 77 are damn near perfect though and you should explore all of them and stop listening to post Dead all together except seeing them live, that is different.
&gt; The shitty Travis guitar is a minus WHAT THE FUCKING HOLY HELL DID YOU JUST SAY ? That guitar is uber-godly in tone. You can not possibly think that, that is the craziest thing I have read on this forum and even crazier than OP listening to only post Jerry Dead.
78 over 77 Eh ? Interesting. I can barely listen to much of 78 it is so sloppy and the band are obviously using way too much. There are exceptions obviously, but on a whole I can not think of a single show in 78 that compares to even the 10th best show of 77.
Tons of times between 72-75 ish. Not sure if it was ever played by Jerry after he and Merl split company.
I have one near 30 minutes I believe, will have to dig it out.
Ahh OK, makes sense, so maybe 79 was the last one?
Got it the first day it was available, like every other DP. Not a great show IMO. The From Egypt With Love shows in October, those blow DP18 away in every aspect, again maybe thats just me.
Nudes of your xwife or it didnt happen.
Think of what could of been. 72 Darkstar - Jerry melts into an evil Tiger Roar - Out of the cosmic ashes of Space emerges - The beautiful and hauntingly intricate Mountain Song.
At least 100 people know this guy, are his next door neighbor, have sold him groceries, sold him drugs, rented him a steam cleaner, been behind him at the library check out. C'mon folks this is not Mexico City, someone come forward with his name ( or pass it on to your local Asian gang member so they can remedy the situation ).
Phil and Friends did it a lot for a bit, and Further as well.
Thatd be great. I was thinking it would be Texas Fall 72, full run.
pretty much.
Pig Pen was rappin back in 70. Started with the Beat poets.
Blow Away was EPIC. People who didnt appreciate that were just plain dumb.
Dude! Wrong so wrong, that is one of the finest studio numbers they ever did. Could of been a Johnny Cash song.
Some absolutely terrible Grateful Dead fans in this thread, I will assume you are all FTW folks and not actual fans. Really embarrassing thread folks.
Maybe the best Days Between ever. Healy had the sound swirling around and all echoey and haunting, very cool moment.
Not if they can not appreciate the music no. Read the entire thread, honestly this forum has become over run.
Nobody anywhere said you must love everything, but hateing ?? How about appreciating ?
People are seen with a finger in the air during the GD movie which is 74.
Keep everything clean. Have a garbage and recycle bag. Clean the area around you, not just your own mess. It can take the heat off. Do not have "anything" on you.
I would put American Beauty and Workingmans Dead and put them up against just about any other bands one two punch. If they had of recorded all the Europe72 into a proper studio album as was planned they really would be considered as good of a studio band as a live band.
Also be aware there are a group of lowlife wooks who amongst other things call themselves "GD family" they are dirty unwashed flatbrim wearing scummy types. They actually think they "run" the lot. Ive seen them impose everything from lot tax, to flipping peoples tables, to getting you busted by security, to starting fights and stealing coolers. You may think im joking, and I wish I was.
Who are you disagreeing with ? EVERYONE knows The Dead were THE live band, you just can not even debate that. I think it is shortsighted to dismiss their early studio albums, specifically AB and WMD, the Dead were hanging with CSN a lot then - "they taught us harmonies , we taught them how to jam a bit" , and it really shows on those two albums.
Completely.
I respectfully disagree with pretty much everything you typed, and think it really is strange why you do not see why it is a good idea to advertise our inclusiveness in todays world; just look at how many cons voted against equal rights just last weekend.
UNU, do you think that there is a higher likelihood of an American nuclear strike with a sitting Republican President over a Democrat President ? What can you put the odds at ?
&gt; As you guys came off like GD-album-apologists Eh? Those are two great albums, period. Its not live or studio which is better debate ( live , duh ) its those are two fantastic albums that easily reflect on some of their contemporaries, The Band, Dylan and CSNY. also I would URGE all of you to seek out the 24bit AB and WMD, shit is unreal.
Agreed.
Ya, they had a new album scrpted out with all the stuff they had been getting ready for EU72, then they had a big fallingout with WB and said fuck it, we need two albums to get out of our contract and delivered the EU72. Hunter was devastated, this was his OPUS, he had poured his soul into this album of alt-Americana and now it would never be.
Half Step - Dicks Picks 15
Not Fade Away - Dicks Picks 15
Black Mother-Fuckin' Peter - ( played like Dew ) Road Trips Volume 1 Number 2
Wow, I think its in a really old Relix I have. Its an interview or story on Hunter. Ill try to find it and scan it ? I dont think they said exactly which songs apart from that they were all new songs. BE Woman, Hes Gone, RambleRose, Jed etc.
That was a real shame, some of the biggest trees in Saanich.
