It is threads like this that give the CTE a bad name in the battlefield community. A few loudmouths crying about stuff that does not need to be fixed.
Running into Claymores is literally carelessness. I know man, we have all been into that. You run around a corner, probably want revenge on some guy. Boom. You are dead. It also happens randomly, some guy cleverly places the Claymores at his flanks. Or that one time I placed a Claymore directly in the "out of nowhere" area south of F on Golmud Conquest Large - someone really ran into it. But - the thing I described above is a one in a million occurence. Most of the time people place it in doorways. And that is perfectly fine. If you don't run around careless you will never run into a claymore. You either: 1) Throw a grenade at it 2) Shoot the claymore at a safe distance 3) Wait till a friendly hits the claymore and revive him/heal him 4) Simply go the other flank. It does not warrant a nerf in any way. It is a very situational tool, if you nerf it, no one will ever use it again. Same as the nerf was too much with the SLAMs (and keep in mind, I never used them much, but still think the nerf to them was too much)
1.) You can never see your own soldiers face anyway 2.) Having to render more detailed/different faces per character adds unneccesary strain to the games performance 3.) When I am in a firefight I want to be able to immedieately tell which threat I am facing 4.) Adding this in would bring absolutely nothing new to the gameplay table and would waste valuable ressources
So awesome! Finally a proper battlefield map!
Blame the newer generation of gamers with attention spans of a fruitfly for all those clusterfuck maps we had in BF3/4. Now finally a proper map comes around and they still have the nerve to complain.
Not this shit again. On EVERY map there are points of interests and flags that are exclusively made for infantry fighting. If you so desire you can fight there the entire round as infantry. The rest of the players engage in combined arms warfare meanwhile. Why? Because this is battlefield! I am so glad DICE doesn't cater to people always whining about those evil vehicles and how they disrupt their gameplay. Why even play battlefield in the first place if you do not like its core mechanics?
This sounds actually pretty cool!
I habe absolutely no problem melting people up close with the AEK, FAMAS or some PDWs, even against shotgun users. Not at all. You should simply adapt and get better at the game before crying wolf that XY is OP or UP.
If the only reason you play a game because of a meaningless virtual carrot in form of 'ranks', instead to actually PLAY BECAUSE THE GAME IS FUN, then there is something wrong with you, not the game. I couldn't care less what silly number stands beside my name, because I'm having fun with the game.
Or you could simply shoot the guy, sparing you from a silly overly long animation. Why this is in the game in the first place I will never understand.
What's with you and all those terrible ideas and at the same time acting like a know it all on this reddit? It's no wonder people have a bad imagine of the cte in mind when you can read stuff like this that needs absolutely no changing. I agree about the transport vehicles though. Just add a few more dirtbikes, quads, hovercraft etc.
I didn't have a problem with the assignments, didn't care much about them since unlockint them naturally during normal gameplay came easy. The problem is finding the dogtags. There are no 'dogtag hunt' servers anymore and I will sure as hell not waste my and my teams time to look for them during normal play. Forcing players to find those tags instead of doing something team related that is rather hard to was yet another failure. No one likes RNG, players rather want to actively engage in gameplay, not looking for random luck based shit.
No one forces you to do this. Only the superiority complex makes you think you have to do this and being an active hindrance to your team in the process, wasting tickets, everyones time and nerves.
If you are constantly beaten because you have been spotted on the map then you're simply not a good tanker anyway. All I read are still just excuses to be a douchebag.
The game is much more enjoyable with faster acceleration to me. It felt sluggish and unresponsive before.
Yes this needs to be changed ASAP as it is a most urgent issue.
Wow they look a lot more like soldiers than CTUs. Then again, the Speznaz look so too. The woman looks very tryhard
But the AH already has smart rockets :P
Something that people like to forget is the difference in skill involved. I started pretty late to use jets (just a few weeks ago) and for a newbie in the air it is absolutely brutal what you have to learn. There are stingers, people sneaking up with ECM with their wingmen, using active radar, the jet physics themselves not even talking about actually being able to hit your opponents constantly. Now tell me, what does it take to be effective in the mAA? Even my little brother could 'learn' to use this thing and press LMB1 every once in a while aiming in the general direction of an aircraft and laughing as it drops to the ground.
For some people everyone who steps in a jet apparently instantly becomes a pro :D
The only thing that pisses me off about it is the mobility hit.
Do some people (the few plus their thousand alt accounts) have vietnam flashbacks when they hear the sound of aircraft or where does this irrational butthurt come from? Some people seriously need help.
For someone who could never test golmud on night, how is the jet combat on this map? I have a hars time to imagine how dogfights are supposed to work.
Quality of discussion really dropped on this sub lately. I guess holiday season and people are bored.
Downvote for an objective observation. Stay classy
Because it annoys stealth jet pilots more.
But I agree with everything you said? Everything is fine except for the arm mobility hit on jet and anti air. Inapplauf dice for the balance actually. Why did my comment above warrant downvotes?
This is obviously a very important issue
I play on console for 2 years now and never had problems with OOR players. Stop blaming your own shortcomings on other players. The netcode is very good now and I dont have any problem getting my bullets to register.
40-60 depending on which server I join.
On the servers I play on there are always people from all corners of the world. US players especially, lots of them. People from KSA and so on. I notice no difference and they get killed just as fine as any others. Infact, after the last patch hit registration and snappiness has never felt better.
No, it messes up the target aquisitation too much. Maybe that's why I dont notice it too much?
I'd rather have assignments like this that involve actually playing the game than stupid shit like morse codes or dogtag hunts.
15 minute video of someone talking who likes his own voice a bit too much warrants a new thread? Ok. It doesn't take 15 minutes to say that ARMs are broken due to the short notice that often ignores CMs due to latency (just the same like aps in tanks); hits across the entire map and is spammable with simply aiming in the general direction of the enemy. What would a maa or hell any armour driver would say if jets or helis had a new missile that hits them across the map, has a very hit or miss counter to it and flips the tank so you are forced to abandon the vehicle? I am sure you would appreciate it do you. Remove the mobility hit from the ARM and make its range a few 100m shorter and you wont have as many threads about the mAA.
Yeah I've given up on it. One of the 3 assignments I have yet to do in BF4 and I dont see me ever getting these ucav kills. As for this thread, nice summary, but overly emotional discussions or fact bending videos with fabricated matches still get a lot more views on here than a guy simply saying the truth. And lo and behold the alts have already arrived.
As per usual in all of these threads, remove the mobility hit of the ARM and the mAA is fine
I use all vehicles regardless if air or land and just want even chances and balance for everyone.
I have the same problem, tried it on Golmud Rush, Silk Road, basically all china rising and wide open maps to no avail. Not even mentioning how USELESS you feel having to wait so long and then not being able to kill anything. I will try that trick with exiting the ucav out, thank you!
We had that mode in BF3 and it was incredibly boring.
Tank Superiority.
PDWs are way better than Carbines. So, no.
Yeah both of these are good, UMP with its awesome damage over a good range and the PDW with its carbine damage model and omgwtf-hipfire. I like the Groza for its AS VAL damage model and amazing precision. For some reason out of all automatic guns the groza has the highest accuracy for me at 25%. The reload is pretty long though.
These glitches only happened one time to me on xbone a few months ago when the xbox live network got ddosed. If you want any control over what match you want to join in, well I would never use the quickmatch option. Maybe it is a PS4 issue with the glitches in the browser? I do agree that it's a shitty situation though.
Adding a competitive feauture behind the wall of some stupid puzzle that has nothing to do with battlefield gameplay is simply unacceptable and typical DICE LA retardation. So many good ideas and then some 'wtf were they thinking??' ones.
I myself refused to look for this stuff but if you offer help.. are you on console? Edit: ah, pc ofcourse :(
Did you buy the game because you wanted a first person shooter with combined arms or because you wanted to go on empty servers to decipher morse codes? I don't know about you, but for me it is the former. People who have schedules and work only have a little timeframe to play the game. And I put an emphasis on PLAY, not this shit. When i come home from work I want to play the game with my friends, who also have limited time. And since we like to play competitive this 'feauture' is even more stupid. If it would be unlocked by actually playing battlefield noone would complain. So think before you speak.
The other players are blind as well during the whiteout. It makes it so that people can use it to push forward, same like the smoke grenades work.
Randomness leads to unpredictability and this is good if you want to flank outside. I agree about the blinding effect when you go inside.
Are you seriously asking why mutual misinformation is a bad thing?
I forgot to mention that there are clear unlock paths ingame. Not everyone jerks off to jjjus twitter messages, let alone reads them. It's not only a big fuck you to people who PTFO, but also a middlefinger to the casual player.
Ofcourse I did. Have you read what I wrote?
Thank you for that wonderful contribution!
I dont even know how to respond to a comment as sillly as this id.
Thank you! So can we see this statement as official?
No one complains about the ability to unlock this but HOW it is unlockd via non gameplay.
I dont know about you; but I didnt have to unlock morsecodes theough the campaign and just had to play?
Wat I simply had to play the singleplayer in the same game, just without other players.
And it negating a fuckload of content in multiplayer content should be kept a 'secret' too?
The IR/FLIR sights? If the antithernl camo needs to stay, make it an actual unlock in the game that is clearly advertized in terms of ingame UI and such, via assignment. Also, watch everyone then equipping said camo because this is a terrible way to balance night sights
The CS5 is the best close quarters bolt action, if you can't get consistent killd with it you are doint something wrong.
It's not hard at all to kill armor - maybe you should try playing in an actual team instead of expecting you can kill everything on your own? And only a small minority of the battlefield playerbase even knows about this camo let alone watches youtube videos about it. Nowhere in the game is it actually explained how to get this thing.
Yup I agree. Sadly they can't remove it now in BF4, but one can only hope things like this wont be in BF5.
Reddit and Battlelog sure is 'everywhere', you got me there dude. How's it going, have you got 1 jet kill yet or are you still whining over the UCAV?
The sound on this rifle is beautiful!
You have the patience of a saint :)
The only thing I have the IRNV equipped on is in tanks when I play on zavod and flir in heli. Don't be too quick to judge.
Too late for BF4, but yeah. Transport vehicles in general need a bit more love. Customisation is one thing, rewarding the driver and pilot for bringing in more folks to the objective is another. Especially on Dragon Valley and Flood Zone I've spent matches constantly in the transport chopper to bring in new bodies faster at contested flags and to line up the chopper for the minigunners. Not many points you get there considering how dangerous and important it is for the team.
I am sorry that I play the game the way it was meant to be played and am interested in a well balanced game. The fact that the camo was bugged and never intended to have the anti FLIR/IRNV feauture also escaped you?
One can tell that you never played Battlefield 2. All of OPs suggestions are reasonable.
I never use IR optics, thank you for not reading the the OP
I'd always wanted for support or engineer to have deployable sand bags or barbed wire.. this would be really cool imo.
And thank god there is a votekick feauture in R6 to remove asshats that do that from the game. :)
Xone user. Performance has never been better to me after last patch. :/
Sadly there is no budget left for translation work so the symbols have to make it. A combination of the detailed and numerous icons from BF4 and the not so intrusive Battlefront message 'poor connection, this affects your gameplay experience!' would be ideal imo.
I must be the only one who always enjoys the singleplayer campaign.. it gives me context to what's happening in the multiplayer and the battles fought, why the factions are clashing etc.. it's also an enviroment to try out different weapons against targets that actually move opposed to the test range. I also don't like the idea with the different nationalities. BF has always been about two or more countries standing armies going against each other, not an un-cohesive mish mash of units.
Haven't stirred up too much airhate drama lately, haven't you? And as usual, your post consists of nothing but hyperbole.
This would make it even harder for players playing without their friends getting into the chopper. So, no.
Holy shit, it's like you're not even trying anymore. Logged in to the wrong alt?
It's 150m from A to B, with cover from buildings and even a house you can go through.
You should seek professional help immedieately
3 people working together can already shred the AH in seconds. Don't fly into it in a straigth line, align the ~ symbol as a pilot directly on the AH. It means its the sweet spot for both minigunners to to be able to hit.
Enjoy talking to yourself?
BF3 choppers were not half as effective as OP claims them to be in BF4.
I have nothing against the attack helicopter and like flying it myself, but I also think this glitch needs to be fixed.
A cool little addition. Maybe finally people stick around in the squad a bit more when they see me going out of my way to keep them alive..
The damage model and 'feel' are perfect right now. I hope they bring this over to BF5. I like it because it rewards the player with more skill and control of his weapon, not the one who saw the enemy first.
Just use the votekick feauture..
ANOTHER female? -_-
Only douchebags will do stuff like this. I have around 3000 kills as mostly the AH pilot and would never claim a chopper as 'mine' and kick/burn the gunner out. It is a nonissue, as my friend who is usually the gunner just takes a different vehicle and goes to town. Sometimes you have a bad gunner, sometimes not and a lot of times some people messaged me that I was a good pilot and they were grateful to fly and gun with me. I do the same when I spawn as a gunner to someone. We all bought the game to have fun and try out the stuff in game - no reason to be a douche about it. The game needs less asshats and tryhards. If you can't handle random players then you are bad and bought the wrong game. People like the guy in the video are not interested in the team winning, only their kills. Else they would not waste their and a teammates time and kills friendly soldiers which takes away tickets.
Simply do not play on these servers if you don't like that gameplay? I don't like it either but who are you to tell others how they should enjoy their freetime in a videogame?
Yes and for some reason especially air vehicles attract these children specially. I have seen some douches in the tank but not as many as in the AH. Reminds me of the battlefield friends video, 'out the choppi.' everyone laughs about this guy :)
What's wrong with 64 player locker on conquest large? Now Metro was bullshit and the worst map in BF history, but I dont mind Locker, atleast you have 3 different mainlanes to push forward.. And yeah now i know what you meant with the OP. Sorry, I was wrong and misread. :) Creating a bit more focussed 'narrative' and framework sounds like a good thing. Sadly, many players dont know, care or want teamwork and you cant magically make them do it...
Although I respect the people playing BF competitive for their dedication - you really put time and thought into it - I simply dont see it as 'real' battlefield. Close quarter domination matches where 3/4 of what the game has to offer is banned, or conquest on large maps with only 10 or 16 players simply is not battlefield to me. I also disagree on some of the shooting mechanics you described, going full auto even in close quarters instead to burst WILL make some of your bullets land not on target - despite you being one of the best infantry players you are too sometimes victim of this in the videos I saw. What I agree on is that the skill ceiling is too low, but I am not sure how to fix this. More recoil is not the solution IMO.
It's already enough that I have to see people making their guns look like toys, now you want to take it a step further and allow further immature shit. What the hell is wrong with you people?
It's easy to seperate the manchildren from the normal people by this :) teabaggers get votekicked out instantly.
I simply like to play competitive. This involves having respect to your fellow teammates and enemies. It is calles sportsmanship. I am sorry if you are too bad to play games in non childish ways.
Who is butthurt, me or you and the guys downvoting it? :D People who display no sportmanship get removed from the squad. Simple premptive measures, no butthurt involved as we mostly dont even lose a word about it.
Lmao I play together with 4 friends. We always switch over to gamechat and ask the 5th guy friendly if he has a microphone. Had lots of fun and good times with randoms. The people who teabagged however were in 90% of the cases either squeaker kids 'trolling', blasting shitty music over the microphone or simply don't bother to talk. That's why we developed the habit to votekick them out.
Not the games problem if you are too bad to get 5 lousy kills from a location. This assignment can be done in 2 minutes - yet you choose the easy way out. Says a lot about you.
The very first game on multiplayer I ever did was as defender on the snow cottage map. I spawned in, saw a figure running before me without a nametag above and shot him in panic. Turns out we were still in preparation phase and I shot Mute. -.- Later that round my 3 other teammates got engaged in a firefight in the cellar and I desperately looked for a way down there. I accidentally flanked the enemy team, 3 guys with their backs turned to me and killed them all. Then the guy I teamkilled before said in his microphone that I am atleast as good killing enemies as I am with killing teammates. That was reall shameful to me :/ I apologized to him and all was good.
I dont like plane and house. Too small and funneled. Other than that, all other maps rock.
Guy is an entertainer, but a terrible battlefieldplayer with poor understanding of the game mechanics. This video should not be taken seriously. I fly a lot and have no problem with lock ons aside their ability to be very annoying. The only thing I find has to change is the active radar and its mobility hit.
Why must battlefield be pushed into the competitive scene at all costs? The results are always some Frankenstein modes ino
So I get downvoted and insulted because I ask for an OPTION to disable that stuff for people who dont want to see that stuff, no one is going to take away your shinies. stay classy
People complaining about wacky skins are concerned about the overall tone and aesthetics of the game, not 'realism'. Many people dont seem to unerstand this seggregatioon. Older clancy games did not have any of this, why does siege need it?
If it was als optional to see other players colourfull skins then no one would complain...
The game should encouraage decision making, not spamming. So, no.
It should also be destroyed much faster and the recoil should be higher noot the other way around.
tbh you could hear the guy moving infront of the door;/
clicked on the link, expected discussion, saw low effort shitpost
I dont even know wat it means. There is aspongebob cartoon in there
No sympathy from me for someone who openly admits to spawnkilling. I hope even more people annoy you over messages.
I miss the planning phases before each mission. I would spend hours perfecting routes and points for my squads..
It has no place in a game that is about siedging a building.
Thankfully I dont have to play that shit map and disabled it long ago
too much running and gunning, too many angles, too small
its because it became common practise to just run out and kill glaz as defender thanks to this broken game
Someone please explain the joke to me, I don't get it :/ It's a soda bottle with a face on it?
Thank you, I googled it and now I am wiser :P That's indeed pretty funny
Is BBs recoil different from xbone to pc? To me as a xbone BB main it looks normal. With shield attached the scar barely moves
since the game relies on hit scan rather than bullet drop and travel time/damage fall of, you will always have a subpar experience chosing Glaz.
busing peekers advantage so original omg
running outside as defender being as easy as it is
and you enjoy being on the reciviing end? 600 hours in and this game becomes less and less appealing to me. :( I seemore defendersoutside than inside lately on most maps. This has nothing to do with rainbow six to me. people play this game like cod lately.... 5 times we simply set the defuser right under their noses roaming trying to jump outside. this is fucking boring!
I said that the scar barely moves at all while shooting on xbone and wondered if its platform specific. But downvote anyway :)
vegas was a popamole sticky cover shooter
I play with a reflex instead of acog, so maybe thats why the scar feels like a laserbeam :/ the enemy in this clip would be dead anyway, simply looked like tapfire to me
damn. then consider my pot redundant ;/
Congrats, you ruined a fine looking gun by smearing pink over it making it look like a toy.
this. it takes away from the entire theme and spirit of the game. but you will only get downvotes for this
Many people I have to endure in team chat werent even born when the first r6 came out. Quite sad really that this dumbed down shell of a clancy game will now be for what this gets rembered.
everytime i see people cheesing outside kills its someone with a ruby skin and almost everytime its pulse. the amount of asshats playing pulse is unbelieable and ofcourse they wear those tryhard masks that make me cringe even more
there is a very generous timer before they get spotted which is often enough to get their kill
yeah when i bought a rainbow six game and expected it to play like a rainbow six game... I really WANT to like the game, I enjoy the atmosphere, the sounddesign is amazing and visuals are very grounded an decent. however everytime I jump online I basically have no fun at all. This has not always been the case, the first 3-4 months defenders actually defended the objective. Ireally enjoyedit. Now everyone is just roaming and jumping outside
Both games arent realistic at all (nor military) and both games have very childish things inside (skins, retarded headgear etc) as well as MANY children playing the game.
I dont like Overwatch and dont play it, but atleast this game doesnt hide the fact that it caters to a younger audience and has a very cartoon feel to it. Siege tries both to be super serious and authentic, yet it introduces silly stuff like unicorn charms, clown masks etc and fails to present a coherent identity.
Same happened to me yesterday. Crouch, directly facing the enemy. 120 dmg while in the killcam the enemy hit the shield.
So cringeworthy
They are too small too in the preview when you see a players stats. Maybe I need glasses but its hard to tell them apart.
Do we???
Could your writing style be even more obnoxious? No one cares about 'lore' in a mostly multiplayer competitive game. You can create all your fanfiction yourself, please don't litter the game with it.
*their
Any team worth their salt would have the twitch moving away in a second, your back is protected by the shield. Totally unneccassary TK?
Teenage drama
'Sometimes I wish my casual teammates would never do mistakes'
You're welcome
Lucked out on this one in a casual match. We played against some low level people who played very slow on Bartlett. I spammed the camera spot for almost two minutes straight and got 1600 points out of it from that alone :P
Imagine Rogue Spear Sigleplayer in the Siege engine... instant best game of all time
I really like Bucks Ski mask. I like it to actually cover up the operators faces to hide their identity like they would do in real life
You could have played thunt defense on lonewolf so you dont have to deal with crappy teammates.
It pains me to see how many people misuse him. Don't try to be a 'sniper' with him, go inside the objective with your squad. The Spetzas' main ability is to kill and Glaz is very good at that. His rifle absolutely decimates people in the ranges INSIDE the building, his scope gives a very clear sight inside rooms. You can also use him to open up new sightlines and killholes easily. Play aggressive with him and he easily becomes a A tier operator. I usually play against high plat/diamond people and even there he is viable.
Now keep on playing on that rank against other people of the same rank and tell us how long you can keep it.
This. Revenge is petty and won't accomplish anything. That said, in my 700 hours of playing this game, I can count the amounts of intentional teamkills on me on one hand. Not sure why people claim to see it all the time
Then you would see even more people crying that someone took 'their' operator. Too many people already who 'main' only one or two operators and ignore the rest. A good player is proficiemt with each one and picks depending on situation. Also this is a team game. Selfish challenges already impact how some matches play out in a negative way. Just accept that clearance level is simply a number going up.
I'd advise you to learn the ACOG scope as soon as possible, it is by far the most used weapon sight ingame thanks to the clear sight picture it gives you and the zoom. With Doc you press the button to get out your stim pistol (Rb or R1 on console, I believe it is 'E' or middle mouse button on PC) and press+hold it again to heal yourself. If you see teammates that are hurt, just shoot them with the stim pistol and it heals them for 38 hp IIRC.
Plenty people disagree.
Unneccessary visual clutter
They want them to be 'exclusive' instead of actually earning money with them.
It's useless to tell that to these people here, especially on reddit. Aside a select few subreddits people on here have embraced the PC culture and feel offended by everything
Your fault for not having your wife under control
Really enjoying the french pump shotgun lately. It has a surprisingly high range and hits like a truck
You can't anymore thanks to Ubisofts idiotic business practise. Only gun you can still buy it for is Frosts Super 90
This. It's easy to accumulate a huge list of people to play with in ranked by just adding people who communicate i casual. There is really no excuse to play solo ranked
It doesn't.
I play simce the release of the game too and dont feel like a special snowflake or like I am entitled something special for that. I bought the Black Ice skin back then ad still feel it's bullshit it is not available anymore. You can see by the many posts about these skins that people actually want to buy them. But they cant, so Ubisoft doesnt get any money and the playes are disappointed they cant have the skins. Sounds like an awesome win win situation doesnt it
Ah yi thought it was about some new digital content skin, they are always so poorly advertized
Sounds like participation 'prizes' to me. Couldn't play Siege for the time due to real life reasons? Got the money to buy something? Well too bad, you're shit out of luck. It's a retarded system.
Add people who communicate into your friendlist.
It has the highest rate of fire of the shotguns and the shortest effective range. 'Spamming' it is pretty much its modus operandi
Each defender with a bit of aim can be a 'sniper'. Infact, a defender with a bolt action rifle would be more useless than someone doing that with an automatic smg.
It always was
Says who?
I am so jealous that you can buy guns just normally in the USA :( why do I live in germany where they cuck you out of everything that is fun
It is a good way to have a bad experience during ranked, yes. You'll never know what teammates you get, if they communicate at all, if they ragequit etc. Rather find a group to play with
Matches in ranked are USUALLY more balanced and evenly matched. They are much more fun. And ofcourse people want to win so they use those tactics. Spawnpeeking and roaming are part of the game.
What?
And that is a problem why?
I play on west eu servers and never wait more than 5 minutes for a game
Holy shit I laughed way too hard about this :D
I don't need more visual clutter on the game that makes the HUD crowded.
Same here, except that I am only Plat 1 and have a high clearance level. Enemies will shit on you with the same messages you mentionend when you do well or laugh when you had a bad match. Teammates will either be 'omfg he must be a pro' or 'why did you not carry us all you're shit!' All the time
It sits at a really good meta right now and is the most fun since release for me
They are doing this to troll us at this point I am pretty sure. Not even mentioning how out of place they look, they are also poorly made and lack detail/texture work. Just very very bad again.
A very bad one
What the fuck is dabbing?
Conquest has always been battlefields mainstay. Operations is a nice gimmick but thats it. Played 4-5 of them and got bored of it.
We're not playing a real war, but a videogame.
What wallet, these are available for renown and even little renown. People really pay real world money for a low poly/low texture mask of a predator? Ahahahaha
These are just as bad. Glowy eyes and futuristic stuff. How hard can it be to just model normal gear that actual real lfe forces use right now?
Ah s they all have one helmet of some sorts, time to bust out the clown masks and terminator skins.
Simple masks or balaclavas WITH NO STUPID PATTERNS OR LOGOS ON for the operators that have their faces revealed would also come a long way.
Easy win, easy life
You play an operator almost entirely dedicated for going for kills only. You have more kills than your teammates who mostly play anchors to the objective. OMFG YOU MUST BE SO GOOD
As long as it exists in real life, why not. All I want is to run around with my friends as an actual cohesive unit that doesnt look out of place.
Like a normal human being you mean? The horror
If you are 8 years old then yes
Yeah, when I saw the original Tron I also always wished that one day I fould replace a normal looking head from an SAS operator with Tron helmets
Me too! But I never get a headshot, only injure+kill, so it has to be bit higher I think? I just want to be as efficient as possible.
Looks like some interns work who just discovered bump mapping.
It gets done very fadt in a few days top.
