Nope. I have yet to be in any, although I have filmed some police doing traffic stops. They had zero interest in me. Which I guess is actually a good thing.
I think I remember reading it does have something to do with their State Constitution that allowed them to have a specific dual purpose checkpoint. I am not sure where I remember hearing about it though.
I remember my test and i backed halfway into the spot and the guy said that was good enough and to move on. I was like uhh ok.
It is understandable to be angry if the thing is flying around your backyard and possibly videoing your family. I guess the question is, how is airspace defined over ones personal property?
Check the other video. They follow him in his car and then pull him over after claiming he didnt stop completely at a stop sign. They also immediately open his door when they walk up.
I'm a bit perplexed at the downvotes against a few of the people because there are certainly times, for example, during a trial where you have waived your 5th or during a court proceeding where it does not apply. Now technically I suppose you could still refuse to answer questions or make statements in those situations, but it could have an adverse effect.
[Part 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RWsAVbxzpos) of him being arrested, handcuffed, then unarrested. [Part 3](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bhdQR5_L124) being finally told to leave the property.
/r/ttotm is leaking.
I have to assume the keys thing falls under the "officer safety" umbrella.
I was going to do a text post on this issue but I'll just write it here. Is an accident scene treated the same as a police call to investigate a criminal complaint in terms of giving statements? Do insurance carriers require you give a statement about what took place in the accident? Is it still best to just say you don't have anything to say?
It should really be as simple as "I will consult with my lawyer before I givea statement on the accident". And as far as the confiscation of keys goes, that has been done in other videos on what appears to be a routine traffic stop. They will simply say that it is ok to seize them because they are worried you may drive off (endangering the public), or use it as a weapon (theirs and others safety).
I know that the casino's I've been to, that you have to fill out tax forms if you win over a certain amount of money. I am not sure when it involves a situation like this guys where he is being asked to leave for counting cards. It would seem more reasonable that they want his ID so they can have him trespassed but initially it seems the sole reason they want his ID is because they suspect he counted cards and want to know who he is before they cash him out and tell him to not come back.
Yeah [here is the article](http://www.nj.com/eagles/index.ssf/2015/06/does_chip_kelly_lecture_in_2008_explain_eagles_swa.html). Innes is just doing some racial trolling. You can almost hear it in his voice. Race talk makes for lots of calls.
He is. The entire bit is fake racial outrage to get listeners fired up and call in.
Was the rationale that he could have been mentally disturbed?
Could this be the EMS News guy from youtube? I am 99% sure he had the video of him being involved with filming the radar van. And interestingly enough, his videos are no longer available without having permission to view.
A few of my friends are teachers and movie day usually means they are hungover.
I just realized it wouldn't look very professional if they ever had to give "HurricaneSandyHook" credit for finding videos.
He had some great videos. I have a feeling he made them private while this lawsuit stuff is being panned out.
I always try to include a news article if available. Most of the time there just isn't any though because the video is too new. People do downvote strangely though. Do bots downvote in smaller subs like this?
I think sometimes people are prepared to exercise their rights but then encounter police that also know the law and act appropriately. The encounter suddenly goes in a direction the citizen is not prepared for. The only thing I can see him being upset about is that they are photographing his license plate and likely will run the tag. I am pretty sure though that the police can run anyone's tag whenever they want as long as they are not doing so as part of some personal reason.
This guy is notorious for holding up signs that say motherfucker. I heard him call into a radio show before about a previous incident with police. I think he would have a better case if he just held up his sign instead of yelling. Even not saying curse words can get you arrested for disorderly conduct if the cops are bored and decide your yelling is causing others within earshot any sort of alarm. Seen that a million times on Campus PD.
I can see them increasing the structural integrity of a dick.
Especially liked this because the trooper asked about a license but didn't demand to see it. He may have known the guy was filming but still good work on both parties part.
There is also the possibility that state troopers are more educated than the run of the mill town and city cop. I like to think they know more of how to behave but they also likely know of all the videos that exist and what the guy "is trying to do".
I know some people don't agree with me on this, but there are questions you can answer that are not going to be incriminating. If you know you have a valid license, saying you do isn't going to hurt you.
I do think that if a person is worried they are not prepared to deal with the police, then don't talk at all unless you are being detained and have to give your identifying information in the state you live in.
I've thought about this and I believe if I ever have to tell a cop that I don't want to talk to them, I am going to go with something that gets the point across yet also deflects some "asshole" sounding statement in the cops mind. I am thinking "I will not speak any further on the advice of my attorney." They may now not be sure if you are "one of those youtube people" or actually following legal advice from counsel.
Must have just happened overnight. I did hear in it that other people were filming so I will keep an eye out for alternate views of the incident.
[Article](http://minnesota.cbslocal.com/2015/06/03/new-brighton-woman-says-police-are-harassing-her/). I posted the youtube video because it mentions at the very end that the last time they showed up, they just walked right in the house.
I was going to skip in the link but I figured people would be interested in knowing that he contacted the PD about the event.
Let's sue OP for being a serial reposter and try to get Reddit even more press coverage and traffic due to the frivolousness.
I couldn't tell if that person just didn't read or was being a simple troll. Some people read only the headline or opening paragraph and go right to the comments with what they *think* the story is about.
[Part 3](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LuFfULiTC2Y). nothing exciting but his crazy aunt says something pretty sad/laughable.
*Baker said Rupeka was under arrest for disorderly conduct, though he was later charged with having an obstructed view, resisting arrest and obstruction of governmental administration.* The obstructed view charge was obviously added after the fact because the cop knew he royally fucked up the RAS/PC for the stop.
i just checked and someone did and it was downvoted. it only has one comment and those people are pretty damn serious over in that sub: Well, he isn't 501st, so I would wager they made the right call. That kit is horrible. Even Rubies doesn't make crap like that.
Oh. Then I must have seen a repost because it was at zero. Someone that said they used to live in that city made this comment: The reality is the principal called 911 and the police pretty much had to arrest the guy once that happened. Lynn police are very easy going, but sometimes their hands are tied. ooook then
Johnny Rebel
How many hits with a bat before the punishment for purse snatching is fulfilled? This is important to know if ever in either persons place.
[discussion thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmIFreeToGo/comments/31m65k/owensboro_kentucky_police_violate_rights/) on this video if anyone is interested.
You are right. In fact he should have been summarily executed.
They seemed to be using that in a very tricky manner to try and get the guy to take the FST's. I take that as yes, you must stop and "submit" to the checkpoint, but that has nothing to do with remaining silent or refusing to take any pre-arrest sobriety tests.
I have to admit that I giggled at his reason for wanting to talk to them. As for the blinds being put down, is it against the law for a citizen to use those radar or FLIR devices, that the police and fbi use, to look into a public building like that sheriffs office? That would make a great video if they drop the blinds and the cameraman hits a button to flip to some other form of filming.
I thought about the speaker system before but also wondered what they would do if you wore those yellow nighttime glasses at a dui checkpoint. Window never rolled down and they cannot clearly see your eyes. This would be an interesting test to conduct but you likely would end up arrested anyway. Would be great to try if you have a disposable income. This is something I'd love to do if I hit the lottery.
Or, as we saw in the first match of the fighting pits this episode, Jorah turns into an uncontrollable half dragon half man, breathes fire and looks terrifyingly huge, and Tyrion casually chops off his head.
What about using the phrase for a girl that wants you to talk dirty to her but that is all you can come up with on the spot?
I give the kid extra credit for using the soap or whatever it was as a blinding agent at the end of part 2.
I thought Vanessa was going to bring John after Ethan told her he couldn't attend. That may have ended an actual bloodbath involving his arm through Victor's chest.
hahaha this one did leave me a little stumped as to why. I can understand the entire post since the link is now dead, but the video is everywhere now and people can find it easily.
In case you missed it, [here is the story &amp; video](http://petapixel.com/2015/06/05/firefighters-try-to-shoot-down-camera-drone-with-their-hoses/)
[This is the only way I've ever dressed when I've gone to Disney](http://i.imgur.com/y368QqN.jpg). (Slightly NSFW)
[2nd one](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5UaQKmNtGMU)
I hope it isn't a reposter account. I figured it being a few years old and not having many views, it may have been missed being posted here.
Ahh ok. Usually someone comes along and figures out the original. I don't think it is a big deal if it is a reposter, if the video is old and hasn't been seen by many people.
They would fail anyway because everyone is still clinging to them and their bibles.
This was a strange one because on one hand, as you mentioned, he is obviously breaking the law by soliciting fares but they also tell him to leave the property, and then proceed to block his car in and stand around for several minutes trying to do who knows what. Also, if any Uber drivers are in this sub, why would you need to solicit fares when people just use the App to hire you? Is business slow for him so he wants to just try to grab some customers that may be unaware of the service?
[this article](http://www.thewire.com/national/2013/04/boston-door-to-door-searches-legal/64461/) is more mainstream and basically says the raids were legal and people did not have to stay in their homes. That I guess is a point of contention based on the police presence and their actions. An interesting part of the article reads: It seems unlikely that many residents of Watertown felt like exploring that particular legal nuance by refusing the police entry. Nor is it not clear if any did; a spokesman for the Watertown police department didn't answer a question to that effect.
The alleged bicyclist responded in a different sub. [link](https://www.reddit.com/r/washingtondc/comments/396g0p/found_this_on_bike_dc_delaware_cop_threatens_dc/cs0ucyr)
That is definitely one of those things where a person may act differently than normal. I am very active in /r/amifreetogo so I see videos of people having their rights violated all the time. I know it is a cliche but if people don't exercise their rights, the lose them. That being said, I cannot 100% say that I would refuse consent in an active manhunt of that magnitude. Another option people have is simply not answering the door. If the police are going to come in, they are going to come in.
I saw that but then saw the youtube summary. Sometimes the date on the video is wrong as well so I couldn't be certain.
I believe he had his cell phone on him. I was getting really nervous they would just start going through it when they realized he was willing to take this all the way.
I remember looking at a National Geographic back in the day at school and finding some jungle tribe section with a picture of a 6 or 7 year old child with 2 cocks. I made sure to show that to as many people as I could. I think i cut out the page and kept it but I have no idea where it is all these years later.
I'd assume he would while out doing this test but one can never be certain. It almost would be better NOT to have it locked in a situation like this. They would be piling on to the already existing lawsuit if they started going through it.
Chimpout exists here as well.
[Does this Spiderman video help?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-yIvxZ_5ekA)
Don't underestimate the police departments lawyers. They will do and twist everything they can if it goes to a civil trial. Prepare for claims of "the current terrorism threat", "anti-law enforcement sentiment", "filming their private vehicles for xyz"....
I just watched all of Enterprise again on Netflix. My question is, would the crew of Enterprise browse /r/picsofhorsevaginas between fighting the Xindi, Suliban, Augments, Romulans, Terra-Prime(ians), etc?
Lee vs. The Ancients &amp; Ori
Ondy Rochter
This goes beyond the cops. The DOT has the info set up whatever way on his DL that it causes police dispatch to also give out the wrong information. If the dispatcher tells the cop that his entire license is coming back "disqualified" or suspended or whatever they want to call it, it isn't the cops job to start asking the dispatcher to check with this person and that person to make sure it is right.
In case anyone is new here, I compiled a list of [All 50 States DL Display Laws](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmIFreeToGo/comments/2fp4jq/specific_laws_for_all_50_states_regarding/) a while back.
It was so long ago I don't remember how I found it. It had something to do with AIM.
No problem. That took me over 12 hours to finish but it is for a good cause. I will do another one lazy sunday.
I might be out there on this point, but I couldn't care less about words that some people consider "bad". It is so stupid that we place emphasis and highlight certain words just because people one day decided it wasn't appropriate to say. What I didn't like anout the video is the physical violence the kid is showing toward her doll. That is what should be addressed first and foremost.
In one video where police turned cameras so they couldn't be filmed during a raid, they later said it was done in case "other people" were watching the feed and plotting to show up and attack them....
This might not sounds politically correct, but you'd have to literally have an makeup artist paint you brown. Sad that race is the obvious catalyst to many of his illegal detainments.
A cheaper and simple method would to just put on a turban while filming.
It was very recent because even when Ferguson was going on, it wasn't on the books. I remember checking for Open Carry laws in Missouri during that and it was insane how pockmarked this one map was of the different towns and cities that had different rules regarding it.
I hear this argument all the time and all I can do is shake my head. If they don't want people open carrying, then they can change the law. Don't blame the citizens for exercising the rights the government gave them.
RIP Travis :-(
The new ice bucket challenge....successfully finish fapping to never gonna give you up.
something about shoving my pistil in her stamen
Get that child a medal and DNA test if it suffered from SIDS....
Cops cannot just go up to anyone they want in a car and ask for your DL if no law has been broken. There could be an argument that they could demand her ID if they actually had seen her going in or trying to get in the vacant house as the caller claimed.
Notice she never said she liked her fucking whore doll either.
Is there an explanation of how "more money" would have made her flying away look better?
Ahh ok. I was genuinely interested because I see a lot of people talking about it but never get an actual reason why it is that way. It is obvious that "more money" can make things better but I was just wondering about the technical dynamics behind the reasoning.
It is almost sad to listen to that cop racking his brain trying to come up with reasons to make the stop lawful. It goes from making sure the driver is ok to suspicious activity to failure to maintain a lane to careless driving. I may be missing some hahaha.
I live in the USA and there is still a bar in my area that charges 1 dollar for a pint for the major brands like miller, coors, and bud.
Anyone know the protocol for tipping when it comes to the actual owner working behind the bar?
What if she says those words to King White Walker dude?!
This is one of those weird things that I can understand them needing to inventory a vehicle before it is impounded so the owner cannot claim something was taken that was never there in the first place. On the other hand, you are screwed if they find anything illegal.
I believe he was driving on a suspended license. It's just an interesting exception where not giving consent for them to go through your car does not matter. That being said, I imagine the law on this issue only gives them a certain latitude on what they can do as far as looking through a vehicle. Obviously an inventory check wouldn't include them searching behind your door panels and stuff like that.
Jurassic Annihilation: Dinosaurs vs. Tremors vs. Critters vs. Ghoulies.
It's times like that where recipes from [cookingwithcum](http://cookingwithcum.com/) come in handy.
also, dr. bashir is sitting in a wheelchair instead of transporting his troops around the world to seize power.
He is pointing out the stupidity of asking every person passing through if they are a US citizen when the true scope of the checkpoints is to have the dogs find contraband.
Maybe just a half-hearted rimjob to get things started?
That is crazy! I'd love if there is more information on this subject. I suppose all a person can do is make sure they are recording and tell them they do not consent anyway.
Ok that is splitting hairs but you are right that you can walk up and ASK anyone for ID. They cannot just walk up and demand ID when there is no RAS/PC. And the police cannot force me to give my ID just because someone calls 911 and says they think I am suspicious walking down the street. Even in stop &amp; ID states, they cannot lawfully ID someone who is suspicious unless they believe the person has or is about to commit a crime. Being suspicious is not a crime. The problem is that if you are arrested for failure to ID, a judge would likely side with the police on whatever RAS they allege they have, since the threshold is so low.
I've seen a few videos of the police telling someone filming them that they have to stop because the phone could be an improvised weapon.
I do not need to explain myself if I am walking down a street at 3AM and someone gets nervous and calls 911 just because they don't think people should be walking around at that hour. Sure you have to respond to the call, but if that is the only reason given to you for the call, then you can ask for my ID, but I do not have to give it to you. Perfect case and point being the guy who was arrested for failure to ID because someone called the cops on him for videotaping traffic lights at a late hour of the night. [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PSgtWa3hxA8) and [PINAC article](http://photographyisnotacrime.com/2015/03/ohio-man-arrested-for-video-recording-traffic-lights/).
I'm looking up some news articles of people being arrested for running onto fields. In [this example](http://www.ktbs.com/story/23047181/man-arrested-after) the charge appears to be "remaining after forbidden" (didn't know that existed hahaha), [in this one](http://www.indystar.com/story/sports/nfl/colts/2014/10/20/fan-who-stormed-field-at-colts-game-arrested/17615447/) she is charged with criminal trespassing, disorderly conduct and resisting law enforcement. [In this one](http://nypost.com/2012/06/03/die-hard-mets-fan-arrested-after-running-onto-field-following-santanas-no-hitter/) the guy is charged with "interfering with a sporting event" (another crime I did not know existed). There is also this [strange case](http://www.sbnation.com/lookit/2015/1/3/7489339/steelers-fan-tweets-hell-run-on-field-for-rts-steelers-kick-him-out) where a kid got ejected, but not arrested, for merely threatening via twitter that he was going to run on the field.
Something else interesting is how will the police and even a judge determine what is "profane language"? Is telling a cop "suck my dick!" the same as telling him "suck my D!"? How about if i whisper my profanity to the cop so there is no doubt that only he can hear it? These ridiculous profanity laws always bring up the broader social point that there are people who sincerely become offended that certain words in languages are actually "bad" and should not be said. Think about how fucking stupid that is.
I searched for state laws regarding it and kept finding local ordinances so I'm not sure what is up with that in regards to the state. I'm not saying the police cannot investigate. That is their job. I'm saying that unless they are going to come up with a valid reason to get her ID, sitting in a car in front of a vacant house does not cut it. I'm sure you already know that even in high crime neighborhoods, you cannot just pull over a car because of the area they are in. Police typically will follow the car that they suspect may be up to something and wait for the vehicle to break some minor traffic law before they initiate the stop. I've seen that dozen of times on shows like COPS. Police see some white guy leaving a drug neighborhood and follow him until he forgets to stop completely at a stop sign or they see his tag light is out. Then they start peppering him with questions about why he is in that neighborhood.
Not shitting my diaper is futile.
I am unaware of even a stop and ID state allowing vehicles or even just people to be stopped for merely being in a high crime neighborhood. Now, you saw the person leave a known drug house? Ok then I can see you basing that off of RAS. But just merely being seen walking or driving in one of those area's does not allow you to stop someone just because you think they may be up to no good. Now I know about [Illinois v. Wardlow](http://pinac-cdn.pinac.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/Illinois_v._Wardlow) but that involves people running away without provocation. You are making it sound like you just stop people for no reason other than they are driving in a high crime neighborhood.
Oh ok well that makes more sense. The sad thing is that the people in those area's would likely not even have the means to challenge the reason for the stop anyway.
I understand that, but it is unlikely the criminals you do arrest even have the opportunity to realistically challenge their charges and the reason for the stop since they are likely going to just have a public defender and take a plea deal. I assume many of them don't even think about the reason for the stop and just focus on what they are arrested for.
There is some good content from the subscribers when I [originally posted this, exact same title and all](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmIFreeToGo/comments/39o3wb/guy_is_pulled_over_lets_count_how_many_different/) 3 days ago.
I am all for people sharing links they find on other subs. It is definitely a good thing to get as many people to expose as many of these videos as possible. The only thing that caught me off guard was using the exact same title. I always try to use good reddiqquite and mention the X-post if I use a submission from this sub. It really is no big deal, but it is something so simple to do, that that is what bugs me a little.
I'm up for seeing some puppetry of the penis. Can you do the Baby Bird?
I'm sure there is some rule about non-approved electronics in dugouts. Question is, why didn't they simply call time out and explain to the umpire that something was wrong with the phone? I guess there wasn't technically *that* much time between realizing something was wrong with it and when they resorted to towel waving, but calling time out would seem the first logical thing to do.
I think I found the closest thing to the "noise ordinance" he was talking about. [This may be it](http://www.amlegal.com/nxt/gateway.dll/Texas/longviewtx/cityoflongviewtexascodeofordinances?f=templates$fn=default.htm$3.0$vid=amlegal:longview_tx). If that doesn't go right to it, it is section 58-21. I know it says amplifying equipment, but (b)1 mentions "50 feet" and section (a) makes it seemingly open to any noise. And I found the sidewalk obstruction code. It is pretty straightforward so he wasn't lying about it existing. [Here is that one](http://www.amlegal.com/nxt/gateway.dll/Texas/longviewtx/cityoflongviewtexascodeofordinances?f=templates$fn=default.htm$3.0$vid=amlegal:longview_tx). Sec. 91-3. Obstruction of streets prohibited. It shall be unlawful for any person to any extent, entirely or in part, to obstruct or encumber any portion of any street, alley, sidewalk or public ground in the city.
Plus section (a) being under the larger section of "Amplifying Equipment" makes it seem even more likely it wouldn't be applicable. I have a feeling lots of towns and cities have weird ordinances like this though. Just in that town, you can see other ones that outlaw obscene and lewd signs and stuff like that.
Also, I didn't want to make this an entire new post, but [here is another case](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZaAkcbTex3E) of a city ordinance being used in a park. This time a supposed "solicitation" one being used to bar the collection of a ballot initiative.
Do black people think it's racist to call terrorists thugs?
I have to imagine that most female-on-male rape data has to do with teachers and students. Even if the male student wants it, the teacher still may get a rape charge. I'm sure there are other things too such as caregivers who perform different types of rapes on the mentally and/or physically incapacitated.
There is probably a lot more upkeep, but I always wanted to have a parrot or tortoise that would long outlive me just so I wouldn't have to deal with a beloved dog and/or cat dying every 10-15 years on average.
Those are the relevant cases because those would be the most likely to be actually reported. Usually due to other people witnessing the act or through gossip. We can come up with estimates on straight forward female-on-male rape, but they are going to be estimates because it is much more uncommon for men to report it. I am talking about straight up data and the circumstances behind each instance more often than not involving juveniles and the handicapped.
I would never get one without fully looking into the topic and talking to others. My uncles wife's family have had a parrot that is somewhere around the 40 year old mark. They were always able to have people at home though. The only living thing considered a pet in my home right now is a frog that is about an inch long. It just keeps living and living in its little square bowl of water home.
I would as long as they give me their victims to eat for a fair price.
I thought that was a can of pepper spray in the door. How does your state law define a concealed firearm? Is it anytime it is in your car even if it is in plain view?
If you google "virginia law spinning tires" you see several people on different websites have been charged with it as well. I would think it falls more in line with careless driving but that is only my opinion. It is stupid to charge someone with something so serious unless you are lighting up the tires on purpose just to show off or if you are drag racing.
Teach her a lesson and find some side cock of your own.
Maybe a shark? Shark week does seem to have already arrived for millions on the east coast of the US.
random poker question....is there a clear established rule on who wins between a royal flush with a joker and a 5 of a kind? this comes up sometimes when we play cards during our dart league. Also, I know a 6 of a kind isn't really a legitimate hand but I've gotten that already by getting both jokers and thought it was pretty damn awesome.
we play a pretty simple game. we play with a normal deck plus the 2 jokers. each person on each team get as many cards as they can throughout the game and at the end of the game, 3 cards from the deck are flopped. then whoever has the best hand wins. Recently the 3 cards were flopped at the end of the game and one of them was a joker. one guy had 10, jack, queen, king of diamonds so with the joker he had a royal. I had in my hand 3 5's and a joker. So 5 of a kind with the flop joker. Nobody was quite sure who won the money so we split it hahahaha.
he should go right back out with a sign that simply says POLICE AHEAD and see if he gets another ticket.
I believe a few of these have been posted before but it is nice to see the person behind them here in the sub. Keep up the good work.
I know I watched the HIPPA thing before. Honestly, maybe they weren't posted and I'm just remembering watching it but never posted it. I've made so many posts of videos from youtube that I can't remember anymore.
I always bring this topic up because I can never find an answer. You must stop at the sobriety checkpoint, but unless it is a state that specifically has "dual purpose" checkpoints, I cannot see how you must provide your DL since you have not committed a crime. Now OP brings up an interesting angle the police used. claiming your refusal to roll down the window (probably not against the law either), constitutes RAS that you are under the influence and therefore gives them the right to demand your DL.
[conclusion](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SLA9y0HQ-R4). Not much action in these videos but it is interesting that they just made him sit there for over 10 minutes.
Why does California specifically designate the checkpoints to be of a dual purpose? Isn't the "primary scope" of a checkpoint also something that comes into play? Also, many checkpoint videos, the police don't even ask for a DL if they are doing it solely for sobriety. There could be an issue that by exercising your rights by not answering their questions, and THEN being asked to produce your DL, is basically them getting angry and wanting to just run your name.
And there isn't even a plaque, or a signpost or a statue of him in that town!
I loved the Under Siege movies and I loved Erika Eleniak's tits. Now if only Katherine Heigl would have showed hers in Under Siege 2.( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
I often say, why don't police just call them "safety checkpoints" all the time? They can get your DL and still find people who are intoxicated. It seems like an easy way to circumvent the single purpose scope. Maybe I'm missing something as to why they just don't do it like that all the time though.
I keep 000 buck as the first shot and then alternate between that and a slug until full.
I have gone to wawa and sheetz one after another to gorge myself. Sheetz though is obviously superior when it comes to pure choices of food.
Cossacks: The Battle for Endor. (The actual city in Israel) ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
I hope you realize that people that live around there have no choice but to go through it every day of their lives.
I DONT EAT BABIES!!!!
I had a dove fly into a skylight and knock itself out. the thing fell a good 20 feet and I figured it was dead. Until I went looking and the bastard popped back up and scared me shitless.
I suppose condom dildo's full of frozen shit are clean on the outside?
I don't know about your Sir Malcolm question but in [this thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/PennyDreadful/comments/3apphf/would_love_to_know_your_thoughts_on_what_happened/) you can probably get some answers about Lily.
There it is. That is vile. I sadly always have that image in my mind when I smell a skunk.
These border agents always have the same stock response to anyone who doesn't want to answer their questions at these internal checkpoints. They always bring up the law that allows the checkpoints. It has absolutely nothing to do with the fact that a person's right to remain silent and/or not answer questions remains fully intact. I suppose it is their way to try and trick people who are not that well-informed and to get them to talk.
[youtube link of press conference](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pU52ObgWdEE). So, this is interesting because these guys actually loaded their weapons in the store. From most open carriers I have seen, nobody EVER loads their weapon out in public. I assumed that could get you busted for "manner to calculate alarm" or something else.
It sounds like they wanted to charge them with something but must have been on the phone for some time with the DA and realized it would be a bad idea. I'm still amazed that it was within the law to load the gun right there in the middle of the store.
That's cute that he is literally demanding the guys ID to make sure he lives in that building. Next he will ask him why he isn't wearing the designated symbol on his shirt to identify himself as an American.
The video says and it sounds like he says "Don't Go To Church And Get Hurt" after they curse him out. If the video is genuine, that has to be the most idiotic thing to say after recent events.
People on Reddit normally identify OP as a bundle of sticks, so a Faggot Tree Hugger might not be too far off.
Someone needs to drive through the next checkpoint in Utah with a hundred or more air fresheners strewn across their seats just to screw with them. Also, does every single checkpoint have to be signed off on by a judge?
I was wishing they would have done that too! He may have got on his radio and declared and emergency for an unruly mob.
Go for it! Although getting lucky and being near a checkpoint while visiting might be tough.
[link to municipal codes](http://www.amlegal.com/nxt/gateway.dll/Texas/longviewtx/cityoflongviewtexascodeofordinances?f=templates$fn=default.htm$3.0$vid=amlegal:longview_tx). Article II. Amplifying Equipment Sec. 58-21. Loud, raucous noises prohibited; prohibited noises enumerated, exceptions. (a) It is unlawful to make, continue, or cause to be made or continued any loud or raucous noise which: (1) is offensive to persons in the vicinity thereof; (2) substantially impairs the peaceable enjoyment of public or private property; or (3) causes material distress, discomfort, or injury to persons of ordinary sensibilities in the area. (b) The following acts, among others, are loud and raucous noises, and are unlawful: (1) the playing of any radio, stereo, phonograph, musical instrument, or similar device in such manner or with such volume so as to be heard at least 50 feet away, or so as to offend persons in the vicinity; How can he possibly use this section when the entire thing is under "Amplifying Equipment"?
Whatever they said, the guys seem pretty alarmed and outraged.
just remember, FLÜGGÅӘNKб€ČHIŒßØLĮÊN.
OP will say that stepdad feeds it some type of nuts and people will chime in saying that those nuts will make it sick.
911 operators are always on tape giving a person basic information. They don't just say "ok, we'll send an ambulance" and hang up if you are standing there with your purple-faced choking on a hot dog toddler.
How does that happen then to eggs you buy at the store? I know it is uncommon but it does happen. So groooosssss
I guess I'm just thinking of a "doomsday scenario" where there literally is nobody working there to issue it. I assume there HAS to be someone there that has the lawful ability to issue them at all times though.
Yeah, I think at that point it would be chaos. I think most of the people that have refused to issue the licenses will quickly change their tune now that they can be hit where it hurts: the pocketbook.
I also just want someone to explain the technicalities of the issue so I can further understand the attorney generals statement. It makes no sense to downvote the core question of the issue. I guess some people just assume asking questions means you are against it.
I definitely can see something crazy like it happening because people tend to go to extremes when their "faith" comes into play. But like I also said, it may end quickly once they learn that they can be held liable.
I love the remarks at [14m22s](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UD8pazXmFOA#t=14m22s) where the one school official reiterates they only need reasonable suspicion to search a student and then the women immediately follows up that every student is being searched. Am I correct in assuming that any threat they receive equates to a blanket search of every student? That just screams of being abused to justify searches.
This is obviously not the original video so if anyone knows of the original, please share.
Interestingly, the only person from my school that went into porn, is a dude and he is now an extremely well-known gay porn star. And yes, I am straight but still watched some of his videos. It was pretty fascinating seeing someone you went to school with eat out another dudes ass.
Look, I know his nickname is "Macho Man" and that was also a Village People song, but the poor guy is dead.
I was at a bar pretty drunk because I was laid off. After waking up the next morning and combing through the dozens upon dozens of texts about him dying, I saw one that I missed and it was from my boss saying to come back to work. Thank you for dying MJ.
I wonder if this would qualify as a good submission to r/whatsinthisthing?
If that is the extent of a person going down that path, I am willing to just let it slide.
I just googled and it says it is due to start filming this summer. I really thought something legitimately serious was taking place haha.
I have an explanation and the stop may be completely legal. I heard how they pronounced "about" and it tipped me off that they are in Canada. In his videos I confirmed that because he has a video of driving around Woodstock, New Brunswick. Still an interesting video if Canada allows vehicle stops based on absolutely zero pc/ras.
Not sure if this was asked in the origin thread, but are loitering laws null and void if you are engaged in a protected activity?
Well you are going to an extreme there. My point was that the cop is attempting to use a law, that he is unaware if you are in violation of, just to stop a protected act.
Wait until someone figures out that playing the song in reverse is a song summoning Satan.
I'm using Adblock Plus and didn't see it. So the mystery continues.
This isn't about animals, but I had 3 different relatives die after I showed up to the hospital to see them. They weren't even scheduled to die. Now I feel like the family grim reaper.
I highly doubt inbreeding is against the law in every state when it is done between consenting adults. Gross, but something to think about.
I saw one of those air disaster shows not too long ago that featured this incident. It was pretty damn scary because you would think incidents like this would have happened farm more often before they changed take off procedures.
[second part](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sy5qjFmF_Fg)
That is one of those situations often asked about in this sub. Can you not be detained while they investigate something? Does their suspicion that you may have a mental incapacity of some sort set forth an entire different set of rules regarding you not being free to go?
I knew it. I'm surrounded by Assholes.
Unfortunately their videos often cross into valid topics for this sub. They often correctly do things such as refuse consent to search or refuse to answer questions while also going into their crazy rhetoric.
Pretty sure the scene at 5:38 has nothing to so with SC. The cop narrators statement is also completely out of line grouping people who ask why they are being stopped as possibly being a SC. Putting shit like that in these videos is what can escalate an encounter of a normal person who just knows their rights.
I am really really really trying to figure out even the tiniest possible reason as well. This one really has me stumped hahaha.
He looks like he just ran through the 9/11 dust cloud.
Notice the second cop quickly comes up with the ridiculous seatbelt violation after the other one fails to say why he must ID.
Wouldn't the reason be officer safety if using the PA v Mimms case? I've often wondered if there has ever been any court cases that specifically deals with challenging an arrest for obstruction due to not stepping out in which the officer safety aspect is in of itself being questioned. For example, could you lawfully tell someone to step out just because you want to see how they will react? Now I understand the bar is very low for proving in court that there was some safety aspect to your order, but I'm just wondering hypothetically how this issue would be addressed in court.
Like I said, it is the demand for the passengers ID that was the reason to post. It appears to be a lawful demand based on the othet cops claim of no seatbelt, but the first cop that wanted it seemed to just want it to want it.
Oooh i knew you'd comment. If you knew the amount of completely irrelevant SC videos I find and never post, you'd change your viewpoint. Like i always yell you, their antics often cross over into legitimate content. It's just a shitty fact of life.
So it is possible the sesame seed size baby ended up entering its own fathers penis. I wonder if there is an UD entry for that one!
Along religious lines, I remember those living with the tribe shows with those guys mark and olly. They lived with a tribe on an island that still is a cargo cult. They worship some random navy dude from WWII that they still refer to as Tom Navy.
[The best part of waking up, is Folgers in your](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coffee_enema)
Mr Hands!
If they can do the arm thing in real life in the Star Gate, then Skeletor can do it in fake life.
I know police do not have to tell you why they stopped you, but this situation seems different in that not even a warning was given. It literally looks like they stopped the car just to get the persons ID.
I don't know if any other articles on this story delved deeper into the specifics, but couldn't they track down the person/people that custom built the computer? I'm sure they tried but maybe they were dead as well?
Someone else over there has already posted a picture of their one-eyed cat and I'd imagine more to follow from others. Always a smart move to do some opportunistic farming.
