Yes. What I get looks like this: http://imgur.com/mO1ayv0
I got in trouble in the third grade for spelling correctly. Turns out the teacher couldn't spell.
And you think the Windows "everything's a tablet" approach will be cleaner? How about iOS? They're certainly not trying to sell you anything.
Wow, your definition of "works" differs dramatically from mine.
It's easy to not get hurt when all you do is take a report and file it somewhere. Nothing in my experience suggests that police would take seriously a teenager who lost his phone, even if he had GPS location on it.
Run an income app, like Perk TV. Should work fine on your wifi, and eventually it'll pay for itself.
Not yet, but as soon as there is one, we will.
I've been doing Celeb TV - Lifestyle and Fashion. As with the others, it goes to App Trailers when finished, and it seems to earn as well as App Trailers. Plus the yellow pom-pom is easy to spot when I'm scrolling down the list.
That the Internet thing was just a fad.
Damar would have been more compelling, had he survived and had DS9 gotten another season. By the time his arc got really cool it was all over.
It's a shame you present things so confrontationally. Your ideas have merit, but you won't get many people to listen, the way you present them.
You know, I did this for a long time on my Chromebox, and you know what I ended up using it mostly for? Web surfing. After a few months, I realized the idiocy of this and put ChromeOS back on it. Never happier.
I thought there was some kind of algae bloom that made it unsafe to do this this year...
Higher than the typical 20-30mg trip report. I'm curious what it might be like, but I'm a little afraid to try it myself.
I agree that there should be a changelog available on MSDN or TechNet or somewhere else like that, but the "Windows has updated" slideshow is NOT the place for them. Something that every user must see and cannot skip is not the place for indepth technical stuff.
Good, I read over what I wrote, and realized I might be interpreted as advising you to overdose, which I totally am not. I'm just interested in real strong trips, because that's what I enjoy myself.
Order some powder.
If I'm going to disable everything on my phone, why keep it at all? I could sell it and buy a Windows Phone or something, to the same effect (no Google, hardly any apps).
try the cable that came in the box for charging the gamepad. i've found the shield remote is fussy about the cable
Welcome to the wonderful world of open hardware. Your new purchase will never lock you out of root access, and there will never be an update to it that will prevent you from gaining root. We are delighted you've decided to join us. :)
green pulsing means it is charging. when it stops, it's full. there's a PDF manual around somewhere that has all this info, the only place i found that actually explains it. the remote seems to last a couple weeks to the charge in my experience, the controller must be a lot more, since i charged mine in October and it's still going. i use the remote more than the controller, might have something to do with it.
And then where do those of us paying rent there go? Don't fucking give away my apartment, unless you're offering me yours!
I have yet to figure out a way to make skip go to 30 seconds during videos, but Next Track during music. It seems to be all-or-nothing with the new skip.
View Towers is pretty nice now. Most of the shady characters have left or been evicted, and the price keeps them from coming back. After more years than I'd care to admit, it's now a fairly nice, quiet place. I don't want it to go back to the chaos...when I moved in here, you had to step over nodded-out junkies in the stairwell; there was a woman who wandered the halls, knocking on doors in the middle of the night to randomly ask people for cigarettes; there was another woman who would sit in the elevator and cry; the 10th floor was all drug dealers; you couldn't get through a week without being woken up at 2AM by a fight in the hallway or in one of the adjacent apartments. I pay to live here, I would be heavily against any kind of appropriation that made it a worse place for me to live.
I've heard that a lot, but I've never seen any evidence that this was the case. In any event, that's not what they are doing now, and not what the people living in there now agreed to when they moved in. I don't think taking housing away from anyone is the answer, even if the plan is to give a third of it back. There's lots of buildings that aren't lived in that could be renovated (and probably cheaper, since they wouldn't have to put up the current residents somewhere while they did the work, not to mention the asbestos removal), or a new building could be built.
An article on a forum. Surely a primary source. I saw another article in a forum that says that is bullshit, you'll find the link right under this comment where it says Permalink. And you should never have been allowed into the building without showing ID, we have security for a reason and the guard wasn't doing her job when she let you in. If you think that is fascist, feel free to show us your disapproval by not visiting.
Standard Android TV remotes, both on Shield TV and Nexus Player...directional buttons, select and back, that's about it. Seems up and down will do Next/Previous Track (didn't know that before, but I guess I should have), but I still prefer it the old way. Wonder if I can change it in the keymap for fullscreen music....
It won't go to 5, 6 is the minimum, will that be safe?
How can I tell if it is too high? Is there any potential danger (tank exploding, coil catching on fire, that kinda thing)?
Ok, sweet! Thank you for the info, I'll experiment from here and see how it goes.
I have this remote on my Shield TV, and I am very happy with it. Note that there are several Mele F10 remotes, each with slightly different features. The one you linked is the F10 Deluxe, which I consider to be the best of the lot...it can learn functions of other remotes (I taught it to change the volume on my AVR), has Play/Pause (the other F10 remotes don't), and it has much better motion tracking than earlier models.
Agalloch: [Dead Winter Days](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Y6UttxEWgk) [In The Shadow Of Our Pale Companion](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4pmwndD2EOw) [Bloodbirds](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GOKcfyo3-xE)
Spaced apart, it is one of the greatest cliffhangers of all time. Editing them together as one episode completely destroys an iconic TNG scene, to the great detriment of the episodes.
It's better than any other such thing I've used. It's not flawless, but it's sufficient for light use.
Hmm, pretty sure Apple could have Trump bumped off, and pay for it out of petty cash.
So, does this mean my obscure Kitkat phone will finally get root?
Hmm, does this mean they have a modified Coreboot that can load native Android? Wonder if we can use this to get Android running on the Tegra K1 Chromebooks.....
I don't think they were wearing non-marking shoes.
I played it a few times, a lot of years ago, and I remember enjoying it (although I don't remember much else). I would be deeply interested, but I have no books or equipment, and no recollection whatsoever of the rules. I do remember a lot about the setting...I read a LOT of the Battletech novels when I was a kid. Edit: We're talking about the FASA game, right? Or whoever owns that name now.
20 year ago, they had DXM-only pills called Contac Cough Caps. They had 30mg of HBR, and I didn't have any trouble with them at first, but after 100 or more trips (and they were epic trips), I had some kind of weird reaction where I couldn't even look at a box of them without gagging. Probably somehow psychosomatic.
None at all.
Coupons.
What was the international designator for Nomad? (2002-045b)
Couple points I've discovered in switching my own parents to Kodi, that may or may not be of help to you. Firstly, the biggest factor I've found as to whether or not my parents could adjust is the complexity of the remote. A lot of the cheaper Android boxes either don't come with a remote at all, or else they come with a real shitty one. Remotes that only have a few buttons, like the (old) Apple TV remote, the Nexus Player remote or the Shield TV remote, are better than ones with 20-30 buttons. Secondly, if you plan to introduce them to streaming from addons, pay for Real Debrid or something like it, saves a lot of teaching headache. Good luck!
I have one as well. Out of town till Friday, if you don't find one by then PM me, it's yours.
Does P = NP?
Can effects be both definitely noticeable and subtle at the same time? That's the best way I could describe it...definitely there, but somehow more subtle than I'd expected or wanted it to be. Don't get too hung up on the dose amount...200mg is a lot for some substances, nothing for others, it depends on the substance.
DXM is much much much much much more euphoric than ephenidine.
1.2g-1.5g of DXM definitely gives me a hole experience, which is very similar (although uniquely different) to the K hole.
"Notifications". It installs itself when you install anything from TV Addons, then pushes near-fullscreen popups begging you for money. Scummy behaviour.
But you didn't beat that, did you? You got IP banned.
It mostly worked with my LG surround system, all the functions functioned, except that it switched the input on the LG rapidly to an incorrect input on startup, which caused Shield to stop outputting audio to the HDMI, which could only be fixed by a reboot (which would trigger the same rapid switching that kills the audio). So, yes it worked, but in practice no. Edit: H265 is perfect, I've been watching 1080p H265 streams that look fantastic and buffer in a snap, it's quite nice.
adb over network?
I found an StackExchange article which agrees with you for multi-level dwellings, but suggests vertical for single-level places like mine. Here it is: http://superuser.com/questions/618104/do-different-positions-of-the-antenna-on-a-wireless-router-make-any-difference
Too bad we went on this big digression. Now it looks like I got an answer to my question for any one casually scrolling by. Guess I'll wait till next week. :/
Sick of the drama queen posts. If you don't like it here, go away. Don't spam our reddit feed with a post every other day about how this or that sucks. Don't pretend like you're Dudley Do-right, trying to save the community like some methed out white knight. Just shut up, unsub, wipe the dirt off your boots and leave.
Sorry, didn't realize this sub exists solely for bitching about itself. Please, carry on with your navel gazing.
The best way I found to have fun with 4F-MPH was to redose small doses, fairly frequently. I'd start with 10-15mg insufflated in the morning, skipping my usual 3 cups of coffee, then redose 10mg or so every hour till I get to where I want to be. If I started at like 8AM, I'm usually feeling what I want by around noon, on this schedule, and I usually have the advantage of having done my housework, read everything on the internet and written 2-3 novels by then (/s, but it does make for a productive comeup). Then I slow down the redoses, just to maintain, to more like every 2 hours. Note that this only works when I plan to spend the day doing stims (a luxury I can rarely afford), and I pretty much have to resign myself to spending the night awake on a cruddy comedown or else use benzos to end the residual no-sleep part. It seems like 4F-MPH has a short window of recreational potential (few hours), combined with a much longer period of not fun but wired (many hours).
[Here](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/VrZVFn93Yxs/maxresdefault.jpg)'s one wishing a happy new year. This one was really annoying at Xmas when I was trying to show vids to family.
Must be nice to be so ignorant, you must not have to worry very often. I'd rather vaping be able to stand up on it's merits, not something you have to trick people into supporting. Obviously you feel vaping is so dangerous that we have to distort everything to make our point.
It's hard to describe subtly different trips. HBr is like a daisy, whereas poli is more like a petunia. Having said that, the whole point of poli is that the drug is released slower, over a longer period of time than HBr. Because some of the effects of DXM are affected by metabolizing the DXM into DXO, the fact of the poli releasing the drug on a different timescale greatly complexes the effects. This has advantages and disadvantages. There's new DXM coming into your system for a longer period of time with poli than there is with HBr, which prolongs the time in which you feel the DXM effects. The drawback is that the drug comes slower, so it doesn't feel as "strong" as the same amount of HBr. There's a place for both (and I suspect some very interesting places combining the two in various proportions).
The unspoken assumption there is that we are completely gullible idiots, which is what pisses me off I think.
I love the Doctor, too, I just don't see how he could work as a character without some contrived reason he was forced to stay on, if we're discarding the Delta Quadrant thing. My Voyager would have been quite a different show, perhaps the Doctor wouldn't have been necessary.
Sorry for the easy question, but 4-Me-TMP is unknown to me, can you spell it out? 4-methyl-trimethylphenidate?
Well, it's not like you can make it any more broken. You could probably find someone to do it for you (I *ahem* might know someone...) for a few bucks.
Buy a scale. $20 on Amazon. No excuses.
You can also just buy some propylene glycol to dissolve it in. It's one of the main ingredients in ecigarettes, so vapour stores will have it, as does Amazon, and your local compounding pharmacy. You can basically make your own syrup this way, at whatever insane concentration you like (200mg/ml? Sure thing!).
Really depends on what doses you want to hit and whether or not you like the taste of propylene glycol (hint: it tastes like cough syrup).
Atheist website reports 70% of people are atheists. Let me guess, reader poll?
But you can exempt yourself by shitposting to at least six different subreddits.
Sounds kinda facile, but when I get bad vibes on a trip, I tell the bad vibes to fuck off. I imagine them as a person; not a specific person, just someone I don't want to talk to. When I tell them to fuck off, I imagine the bad vibes person getting all huffy and walking away, makes me laugh. Then they're gone, and I carry on with my regularly scheduled trip.
They aren't interested in valid discussion here, this is a circlejerk, not a subreddit. You'll be downvoted if you don't conform to the groupthink (or if what you say is subtle and people can't immediately determine if you agree with them or not, that's a downvote, too).
Canada post changed something recently, I don't know what. I live downtown, and I always got my Amazon parcels sent to Shopper's on Douglas, but now they go to Cook St. Village, about 20 blocks out of my way.
And what do I get for pointing that out? Downvotes. Thanks for proving my point, stay classy.
Or we could, idk, wait a few months and install the Android app.
There's a lot of surveys that use Flash for the selection buttons.
The R ought to be Ⓡ, the T ought to be ™.
Small businesses already get a lower fee. Walmart wants to get in on that, as if they were a small business.
See, that harsh throat hit is what I like about it. It really replicates the feel of a smoke for me, in a way that satisfies my cravings. I tried high VG juice when I first started and it wasn't satisfying and clogged up my coils.
Is there a good reason to use this vs. the Plex server on my QNAP NAS?
I love hurling on DXM. It tastes less awful than actual sick hurling, and it's like a rainbow exploding out of my mouth. Plus I always feels sooooooo much better after. I just try to hold it as long as I can manage, so as to not lose it before it's absorbed, but 1.5-2 hours after dosing, hurl away!
They wouldn't let you leave? That's some crazy kidnapping shit, you should've called 911 right there.
Why? What benefit will you get from using Shield as your Plex server, as opposed to your Synology?
How do you get your home water tested? Is there some kind of kit?
I wonder if I should go over to that apartment and ask them if they've seen my missing pot of gold.
Pretty sure you can just use dd on Linux to create the USB.
How many pitbull deaths were there in Quebec over the past 15 years? I'd be interested to know just how much weight I might expect on my conscience. Must be at least a few hundred, to provoke this kind of response.
It happened to me with 4F-MPH, and I'm sure it was a duration thing. When I was keeping weeks between doses, it wasn't an issue, but once I tried it more than once a week, I started getting the anxiety.
Axe and you shall receive.
So now they take their laptop with the bot to some poor addict's house, pay him an ounce of blow, then use his internet to bot tons of tickets. Addict gets the rap, asshole scalper laughs to the bank.
&gt; "34 U.S. dog bite-related fatalities occurred in 2015. Despite being regulated in Military Housing areas and over 700 U.S. cities, pit bulls contributed to 82% (28) of these deaths. Pit bulls make up about 6.6% of the total U.S. dog population." According to your own quote, that put the entire US at 34 dog bite fatalities in 2015. Assuming that was an average year (my research suggests it wasn't, that in fact the 2015 numbers should be higher than ever before, but let's assume the worst case here), a 15 year period should expect 510 dog bite deaths. Are you saying there are more than four times as many dog bite deaths in Quebec than there are in the entire US?
This issue seems to escalate every time it's reposted. I'm waiting till it gets to "INTEL AND ISIS HIDE NUCLEAR BOMBS INSIDE EVERY COMPUTER!"
Starfleet Command does not acknowledge the existence of any such "Section 31".
[Five](http://www.theonion.com/blogpost/fuck-everything-were-doing-five-blades-11056) [blades](http://gillette.ca/en-ca/products/razor-blades/fusion-proglide-flexball-razors/fusion-proglide-manual-razor-with-flexball).
Black towels.
That's a very interesting and insightful analysis. Thanks, was nice to read.
There's so much free wifi these days, I can almost always find an open access point. Maybe it's different outside the cities, but I don't really miss mobile data.
Not precisely what I said. That talks about cops making arrests, I'm talking about prosecution.
Sounds like slow flash memory. When it loads video into the buffer really fast, like it would from real-debrid, it has to write that buffer somewhere to store it till it comes time to play that bit of video. If your device is real cheap and the flash memory they used is slow, it takes longer to write that stuff to the system, a problem that is compounded by how fast real-debrid is pushing it to you. That makes Kodi buffer and stutter till the write has a chance to complete.
If I have to eat ketchup to go blind, I'll remain sighted, tyvm.
You must be new here.
But it wouldn't have been multiple seasons. Enterprise had gone to an arc setup, and the Romulan War would have just been another arc. Maybe longer, 13 episodes as you say but not seasons and seasons. They had already failed on a multi-season arc with the Temporal Cold War.
Nobody in the government spends even a second thinking about the psychedelic experience, in any way, positive or negative. They aren't trying to suppress it, it doesn't exist at all in their world.
Not to mention the fact that most of the places that are really easy and convenient to farm on, are already owned by people who are farming on them.
The difference with nicotine is how it is typically delivered. If caffeine were ingested primarily by inhalation, with frequent dosing sessions consisting of multiple deep inhales, it might very well show greater addiction potential (would love to be in that study!). Perhaps this is why oral tobaccos seem to be easier to quit.
Which dispensaries were targeted?
[When This Is Over](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bV9uABlJGyI) by Hayden. Definitely the saddest thing I ever heard, absolutely heartbreaking, about two children being murdered and not understanding why.
http://prntscr.com/blcqm4 That's the point I mean. Just watched it again, the moon doesn't quite intersect it but the trace certainly does.
A commit, in this context, refers to a software repository. When a developer is finished working on a piece of code (either finished for the day or finished period), that code has to be added back to all the rest of the code in the repository. They call this process a "commit", as in "I commit this code to thine yonder repository, may it rest in peace.". What all this means for us is that someone at Asus is working on code for a (possible) new product. If they are still writing the code, that would suggest we're a long way from release of the hardware.
Different government now, we can't predict how they will respond to this like we could with Harper. Whatever else can be said about Harper, he was definitely predictable.
WTF is with all these ridiculous articles? There is absolutely zero pirates doing this seriously, they are all at websites messing with torrents. The clickbait is strong here.
Well, I had the crazy idea of making my own syrup at 60mg/mL (one teaspoon per plateau), with like a menthol or eucalyptus flavouring added to make it more syruplike. Not sure how well it would keep without preservatives, that and being out of powder is the only reasons I haven't tried it yet.
You'd think that, but other RCs degrade in solution with PG, so it's not a for sure thing that it will keep. When I have a few grams of powder I can afford to potentially waste I'll try it out.
Ketchup = Satan jizz. Got it.
Without a doubt, Shield TV is the best gadget I ever bought. Every couple months it gets better and better.
Didn't work for me, every time the Tremor Ad (amusing, tremor ad shaking phone) for the upcoming UFC comes up, it vibrates twice, even with notifications off. Annoying when it's happening to five phones every 2 minutes or so.
Why is this shitpost here?
Again, I don't see how you can smoke it without holding it. I think charging him for a bullshit offence is perfectly reasonable given his insistence on charging other Canadians for offences that are equally bullshit. Why are you willing to split hairs to get him off the hook, when he's obviously unwilling to do you (you, the Canadian people, not you personally) the same favour?
I'm too afraid of dealing with the nicotine to go all the way into that. I hear it can absorb through your skin from handling it, that's too far outside my comfort zone. This way I get some of the money savings of DIY without any of the risk and most of the hassle. Besides, mixing your own is cheaper in the long run, but a lot more expensive up front (you gotta buy flavours, the $15 bottle of PG, the nicotine, however much VG you want, etc.). If you want to save a lot immediately, as opposed to in a few months when your savings from DIY have covered your startup costs, your options are limited. If you change your mind, I just got a new bottle of PG, I'd be happy to pour you 100mL or so to get you started.
How does Iris Pro Broadwell compare to newer Iris Pro stuff at 4k? I got a 4k monitor recently, and discovered my old desktop is woefully inadequate for 4k, so I'm considering options for a new build.
I'm not sure, that's why I asked. As I said, I am considering options. Edit: Is a dedicated GPU good for 4K scaling of desktop apps like Office and Chrome? How about 4K video, is a GPU the best option or will onchip video suffice for that (including HEVC)? I don't game so I don't care about that.
You can't really infer anything here by absence. I've watched every available moment of Star Trek, and I never once heard any reference to a Cleveland Steamer, but I can't draw any conclusions about Trek or the Federation from that absence.
or you could, idk, pay for the pro version and support the developer. I know it's anathema here to actually pay for things you use, but it is an option.
I imagine there'll be something interesting in the phone world next week at CES.
Mele F10 Pro has a mic and headphones, but it's not 'universal' (in that it won't control your other IR equipment...it will control Shield TV pretty well).
My supply is HCL salt.
Sounds like you want [Plan 9](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Plan_9_from_Bell_Labs).
It's interesting that the best comments I get on my post are whining about how I didn't use a single word in the way they would prefer.
I did some research as you suggested. It seems that cocaine has a molecular weight of about 5/6 that of 4F-MPH. Does that mean I should have used ~300mg baking soda?
Scary. How does one get off of these extra scrutiny lists?
2007 laptops should be Core 2 Duo, which is plenty for Windows 10 with a RAM upgrade. I'm sure you could upgrade them enough that they'd be OK for a senior or a student for basic stuff. Or you could give them to me, and I would do it, selling them for cost.
They measure radiation doses in banana equivalent...
What kind of CPU did they have then? C2D came out in 2006.
Forest Whitaker is still available. I just saw him in Arrival.
I'd love to see Combs play a human starship captain and head up a series.
It's Google Home, not Macy's. Besides, Christmas is over.
I get that, but look at how /r/ResearchMarkets treated Wikdd. The first time you ban a scammer, they will scream to the rooftops that you are repressing them for your own gain. It's not that nobody would buy from you, it's that all your other actions will be tainted if you sell.
*sigh* Yes, I've tested it. I own it. I wouldn't have posted it if it didn't work.
It was accusations against Wikdd as the head mod who was involved with vending that brought on ResearcMarkets reputation as a scam haven. You obviously bought in to that, which shows how effective a smear can be at destroying the credibility of a sub. I don't think you are the scamming type, but an accusation doesn't need to be true for it to be damaging. You've done a lot of work revitalizing the Etiz scene here on Reddit, I don't want to see that all brought down by some scammer with a few sock puppet accounts bent on smearing your good name.
Beer, of course!
The Universal Translator is a very sophisticated program. Think about it...the software we use today has been developing for at most 50 years, with the overwhelming majority of them being younger than that! We saw Hoshi working on the initial versions of it in the 2150's, and it was in use by the end of that decade. Presumably, development has continued as far as 2379, where canon ends. That's over 200 years of development, potentially allowing the software to have a depth and level of complexity that we can't even dream of. Furthermore, the UT has the ability to pick up new languages on-the-fly, languages that could contain rhyming or metrical elements. It wouldn't be inconceivable that, although they aren't strictly needed by English, the UT could apply rhyme and meter to translated speech that it detected as poetic or artistic, using similar algorithms than what it might use for a language that used rhyme or meter (or both) to convey meaning. There's also the possibility that art might be algorithmically quantifiable, and perhaps artistic abilities were coded into the UT. Each poetic translation is it's own work of art, so to speak.
Refugees are fucking hot dogs!?
I'll try to post one next week. It takes ~4 days to get that much SOT, and I'm still away for the holidays with a fairly poor signal.
The Borg wouldn't have a species number for themselves. They are The Borg, they always refer to themselves as The Borg. Besides, the Borg aren't a species, they are made up of many species, as the Queen acknowledged to Seven in Dark Frontier.
The English language is a truly majestic thing. There are literally millions of ways you could describe the behaviour you are talking about. He could be a subhuman reprobate, or a ridiculous cretin who was a great disappointment to his mother. There's a whole wide world of insults out there, don't take the easy way out.
Pretty sure Vancouver had it a while ago.
I tried to warn you. Reddit loves to call people shills or paid-off-representatives (you even did it here in this post), and it doesn't have to be true anymore for people to swallow it. You can't mod and vend at the same time, even simply exploring the idea put you in the crosshairs.
Just like Chromecast, it was six months before it got really awesome. Google does slow burn well.
Fuck tradition! I had an indian butter chicken pizza last week that was fabulous. I've had a weird pizza they called tropical barbecue with pineapple and bacon and alfredo sauce with tabasco. I regularly enjoy seafood pizza with pesto sauce.
Lord Of The Rings. Yes, the movies sucked (Tom Bombadil??). A Netflix/BBC co-production, six seasons with two seasons per book (they have natural splitting points to do this with), 12 episode seasons, 15 for the last. If it's really successful, they can do Silmarillion and the other books, of even go forward with some original stuff.
Samurai are kind of exactly what I'm talking about. When they didn't have a patron, they still had that societal expectation of behaving honourably, which gave them a structure to their actions. The legends of Kahless and Molor refers to Molor defeating every warrior that fought him, until Kahless came along and whupped his ass. Now, it's possible that Molor happened to be the second best warrior ever to live, and Kahless happened to be the best, and he also happened to live at the same time as Molor, and he also happened to have a code of honor that he could communicate to the Klingon people in a way that resonated with them for 1000 years, but it seems more likely to me that Molor defeated all those warriors through dishonorable tactics, and that Kahless was the first warrior to take him out without that.
I wonder if it was just the DS9 showrunners that kept the movies mostly out of DS9, as far as references go. Voyager repeatedly referred to the events of First Contact, in throwaway lines and one-off scenes, but DS9 only references the films when they need a plot point (like Khan).
I'm seeing a misconception here in the comments. You don't need to have been to war to get PTSD. Sure, people who have been to war often have some of the worst PTSD, but that doesn't mean people who are exposed to smaller traumatic experiences are immune. And I suspect most people would find having to examine in detail multiple pictures of dead children who had been starved and beaten to death traumatic to some degree.
I'd be fine with Netflix, Spotify, and a browser that can do Google Play Music and Books. Even Spotify isn't an absolute must (although the other two are). From what everyone else is saying, I'm hopeful.
That doesn't guarantee anything. Some vendors are larger scale and more likely to have proper lab procedures, some are bartards filling baggies while they are half lit and barred out. Avoid the latter.
Yeah, I get it, it just sucks you had to lose all those years of brand building in all the ways that were unrelated to the piracy shit. Makes me wish you could code up a time machine to talk them out of calling it XBMC in the first place. Think we can get that in before stable? ;)
I have around a half a gram of it, sitting at the bottom of a bottle of PG waiting to dissolve. It's been more than six months, not much action, so I think it might not work.
Trudeau is a politician first. In Sherbrooke, in a room full of Sherbrookians and one refugee, whose vote is he going to be after? The one "fucking anglo" or the big group of people who typically tend to be at least highly ambivalent towards English speakers? If it had been Montreal or Saskatoon or Charlottetown, he would have played the the strengths of the room he was in, there. In Sherbrooke, that meant sticking with French.
They call it a "Shield" but remember, they really mean Shield^TM branded device. It does not have a force shield, and is completely incompatible with any kind of nougat candy. DO NOT under any circumstance attempt to insert nougat candy into your Shield. nVidia has recognized this serious concern, and has made changes to the second generation Shield to partially mitigate this concern, removing several orificies from the Shield unit and the remote controller to limit the number of places users could attempt to apply nougat candy.
Depends on the province, I think. My 12 years of French, taught in rural Nova Scotia, is still enough for me to understand 90% of what I hear in French and enough to make myself understood in French (although not elegantly), and this is 20 years of not-using-it later. Most of my friends who were educated in AB or BC got 3 years of French in high school as a swan course, and are basically useless in French now.
Rebrand of readability.
I'd agree with your point 2, that video games are quite a different development than games in general. 10 years is quite enough time, in terms of video gaming's short history, to reasonably come to a verdict on the influence of a particular innovation or technology, and I simply don't see that with the Wii. Sure, it has been a supplement, and some of the things that were innovations with the Wii have trickled in some form to other devices, consoles, and markets, as a supplement to what those devices already were, but there was no revolution, where we dropped the old thing and went full bore on the new thing. Look at Kinect games and that silly looking Playstation thing with the big ball...nobody is breaking down doors to get those, and a vast majority of the games coming out today don't use them. The dog years thing was kinda silly, I had hoped it would explain my thoughts without having to type all this out.
Is revealing someone's porn name considered doxxing here?
I would think this would be half-decent for headless stuff, like a NAS or print server.
I feel like that has too many e's.
I feel so old now. Gonna go cry for a bit.
Maybe he needs more LSD.
What kinda donair? Halifax style?
Ouch. This will just "confirm" some people's narratives about how Google and Facebook are trying to control the world. I'm starting to think historians will look back on this period of history and call it the "Age of Bullshit".
Found it, it doesn't explicitly say it can control PowerAmp (although it does say Spotify). It does say it can run any app, does that mean I can pick any MP3 and have it play in the default player (which is PowerAmp for me)?
Thanks, I'd appreciate that. This is the only functionality I need from a smartwatch so it's critical that I make sure it'll work before I lay out the cash to buy one.
[Opinion] Android websites need to stop writing articles about how they wish they had iMessage.
Looking at the comments here, it seems like the BC Green's ought to change their name. The federal Green's weird ideas are hanging around their neck like a noose, and there doesn't seem to be any hope that they will be able to convince the majority that they don't agree with that by May.
Helps get rid of a nasty cough.
I'd go and see Agalloch again with my friend who died last year.
Maybe it's a plant, trying to remove the protesting population with diabetes.
My decision to grow a goatee 20 years ago is finally paying off.
Could of, would of, should of.
I run apps from /r/beermoney on my old phones. Every single one has paid for itself twice over, and I've made lots of profit past that.
How could we find out from here if the UK bookies really have an odds-on outcome?
If you feel the need to be convinced, I think you shouldn't do them. Trust your instincts.
Glad he won't be running next election. I like him, but this is just way too easy to skewer him with.
Perhaps we need to install toilets for each seat in the House. After all, there have been many politicians of all stripes in the BC Legislature over the years that were full of shit.
Out of the loop, what's Magisk?
His balls itch.
If you really wanted to, you could install a bootable SATA card that supports XP, and install it to a drive connected to that. Might be hard to find on PCI-express, if you have PCI that might help.
Your case is such an edge case, I can't link anything that will work for sure. You'll probably have to buy a few till you find one that works. Luckily you want older ones, so they'll be cheap used.
The pixels on the screen are the same. in your example (the math is easier), the 3840x2160 display still has all 3840 horizontal pizels, but it's doubling them up to achieve a virtual resolution of 1920x1080. On a Chromebook the native resolution never changes, only the scaling factor, whereas Windows or Linux can do either.
Well, it kills Shield Portable in that you can buy one new.
For Qualcomm, look for Qualcomm in your Qualcomm. | Qualcomm ^qualcomm.com
Wasn't there another recent study that showed second hand smoke in the air for minutes (10 or 15, something like that), and second hand vape only for 30 seconds?
It was, I suppose, looking back on it. I have dozens of horrific stories that would surely entertain others while retraumatizing me. It's not something I would wish on anyone, and I have great empathy for people who are in a similar place now as I was then.
Nope, it's an obscure model with no batteries available any more. If you don't believe me, search yourself...it's a Packard Bell EasyNote BG35, using a [A41-T32 battery](http://www.lovebattery.net/pic/201163017214563446.jpg). An A32-T32 battery would be even better, since it has more cells, but they are equally unavailable.
I don't know what half those words mean. I could be any one of them, except maybe Conservative.
I contacted them, they don't actually have any.
So, now it's *my* fault Alberta happens to sit on a ton of oil!?
Harassment is illegal in this country. Every square foot of Canada should be a harassment free zone, by law.
I like Lightspeed. They resell Telus DSL, but you can pay $5 a month for unlimited. I don't like having to keep track of data at home (it's bad enough on the phone!), so that's totally worth it for me to not have to. They are also only Telus as far as Vancouver...they have their own links there, stay up during some Telus outages, and have a lower ping than Telus. I pay $55.95 total for 25/5 unlimited.
Respect.
I love your idea about having all flight travel being under general anaesthesia. Turns air travel into time travel!
