I mean it's pretty self explanatory not to look at something like this, of course there's gonna be spoilers
He should've just keep melting down those swords. If he does it five more times he'd have had 64 Valyrian swords!
I'm just excited about the game. Rocksteady has done wonders for Batman games, and I hope someday it'll reflect on other superhero games.
My aunt drove a hummer. My aunt is also a cheating bitch. Coincidence? Probably. Related? Probably not. Shitty SUV? Yes. Shitty aunt? Yes.
For me personally my favorites are ES, Dishonored, Wolfenstein, then Fallout and Rage, Wet, and so forth. I dunno, they're super fun and great to play but I like my cities in tact, I like green of skyrim. Everything in Fallout is dreary, which I know is the point of the game of course but it gets kindve depressing
Bend my toes on my right foot. Got in an accident in middle school and lost most of the feeling in my toes
Obligatory edit: thanks for the gold kind gentlesir
Go to /r/books. Puts me right to sleep
Man of Steel. I remember losing my dad. Brings those memories up. I never ever cry, but [this scene is my exception](https://youtu.be/-j7lezDWh4M)
I got my first personal TV when I moved out for college, it had buttons on the top of the television and I mounted it on my wall. Never would've seen them. My family TV doesn't have any at all actually.
I really hope it holds me over until the next real elder scrolls. I love the Fallout games but my real love for Bethesda is in elder scrolls and Rage. And wet. And Dishonored.
Or theyre a right twat, makes everyone hate them, and then we sit and wait for them to let their guard down. Just waiting for Ramsay's day...
Movies? This is just what he does. Sometimes we get it on camera and that is mission impossible
Colin Farell and Vince Vaughn? They're far from crap in their fields of acting, this is a little bit out of both of their elements but I think they can pull it off. 10 years ago everyone thought Matthew M. was just pretty boy but he did some amazing acting in season 1
The first one was until the last line. I binged the rest of the season twice now because of Matt's last line.
It's my high school diploma. Has my name, grad year, high school on it.
Oh no my nerdism is an open book. From the Game of Thrones poster to my San Andreas map
The 99% do their job, go home to their families, live a normal life as good police officers. The 1% are the ones who cause an uproar in the US, as it should be. The unfortunate circumstance is that because of the 1% the entire police force gets blamed, and people like thw chief of police in this circumstance, who is doing the right thing by firing the officer in question, will still be considered a terrible person for being a police officer. It's a thankless job, and that's unfortunate.
Actually, if Damon's character was not around to fuck Scotty's girlfriend, Scotty might never have gone to Europe, and might've stayed in the US with his girlfriend. I would say the plot revolved around Damon
Shit yeah.
Some people are adrenaline junkies. The boost of energy one gets from robbing a bank could be that same rush someone gets from jumping out of an airplane or jumping a skateboard over the great wall of china
No matter what happens, don't let this one sway your choice of getting the next one that comes out or a previous installment. They are all amazing games, but ESO is nothing like the main series. It's basically an MMO that looks like Skyrim
Mandatory 2 ply toilet paper or more law
The Myxozoa. If they all grew to bear size they would flood the earth in their bodies. We would all suffocate.
1995 - either The Usual Suspects or Casino
For me it's Scarface. My first rated R movie. Not my favorite movie, but it was a notable experience to say the least
Knowing which guy has the biggest stick
I'm a phone salesperson at Best Buy and I was distracted half the movie about how there was all that Samsung advertisement, but every character had a white Galaxy S4. You would think Samsung would have hit them up with the S6 Edge like they did for Marvel
Nope, broken phone was actually a Galaxy S4 Blue, a Best Buy exclusive. Source: I sit in a chair 40 hours a week making crap pay selling those things.
For me it's the comidian Jake Johnson. Extremely funny guy, not in much. Seeing him in Jurassic World gives me hope that he'll be in more
I mean Chris Pratt is currently the most famous dinosaur trainer around as of today, but I wish Omar Sy would get a little love too
There's actually none in my area. Nearest one is 40 miles away. Sprint and ATT are near and that's it. I will never work for ATT because they're a terrible company, and as a sprint customer, i don't think you could pay me enough to hear about how bad their service is all day.
Now imagine this mod on a motorcycle, just flying through every car like it was nothing.
It could be a case of nurture over nature. He grew up around his father (against his father's wishes of course), he had to take some of his personality with that. I'm exactly like my step dad when it comes to everything but looks and height, but we aren't related at all
Got drunk, woke up with two girls. Both 6s, which means I had sex with a 12
The shit monster in Conker's Bad Fur Day
Cards against humanity is a good ice breaker
Who cares? I don't get why religion, race, or gender even matters when choosing a leader, just whoever is best suited for the job should get it.
Really just depends on the cat more than the owner. My cat is terrified of the outdoors, but my best friends cat has a little doggy door installed and the cat is inside only to eat
I'd build a kickass gaming computer, then build a mansion around it, then hopefully the rest might possibly cover my student loans.
The Departed, Pulp Fiction, Four Brothers.
Work at Best Buy. I get people (middle eastern mostly) who come in. One of my least favorite things they say: "What kind of deal can I get for this?" "None sir. It's Best Buy, not a fucking pawn shop."
Sprints. I get smooth jazz every. Single. Time.
Fucking Witcher. I'm great at similar games. But i can't play that game for shit.
Taking a shit in every state. 21 so far!
A bunch of subs got deleted, and nobody knows why their first amendment rights don't apply to private corporations
I politely explain it every time but every time it's the same 10 people. Last time i told one of them their price will be the sticker price every time, and to stop asking me to always cut him a deal
When kids started getting participation awards. It's bull shit
Girlfriend was pregnant in high school with a buddies kid. It was a rollercoaster to say the least.
fatpeoplehate," "hamplanethatred," "transfags," "neofag" and "shitniggerssay."
I just wouldn't hang out with them outside the workplace
Clowns.
Probably $300 in t-shirts, albums, and concert tickets went to Blink182 back in high school
Lil Sebastian is back baby
I hope you don't twitch with that mouth
He should've been falcon. I like the guy who plays falcon but still... It would've been awesome
When games in a series has different components to it in each game. Like Assassins Creed used to be in the Ezio era. More current examples are like GTA or Witcher
I love some of the ignorance in this thread. Did the police that got shot at do anything wrong? Most likely not. It's the 0.1% of police that are corrupt and criminal that make it to the front page. I never see videos of the hundreds of thousands of police doing their job right and just, because scandal is more news worthy
I really want to enjoy the game. It's everything I wanted it to be. Big, beautiful, bold (i mean you follow a fetus around for a half hour, can't get much bolder than that). But... I almost feel overwhelmed by the game. Like there is just *too* much in it. Anybody else feeling the same way?
Which game is the girl holding the compound bow? I would normally assume Tomb Raider but it didn't look like Laura
It would be amazing to see Ford doing an Indiana Jones remake, but Burt Macklin, FBI in pursuit of him for stealing Indiana's name
You cant download your cake and eat it too
I don't see how they could've done anything better. Release date for Fallout, Doom footage and spring release, dishonored 2 and remaster. Only thing that could've POSSIBLY made it better would be an Elder Scrolls 6 teaser.
Would you have rather them just not mention it?
NEW DARK SOULS GAME!
Ashen looks pretty dark, I like it
Cant wait for Cuphead
All I saw was Elite Dangerous than buffering, WHAT ARE THE OTHER GAMES
Lets take it slow and steady, stay with me *Proceeds to climb the mountain at fucking 100 mph*
Is that... Is that the narrator for The Stanley Parable?
Fable Legends is going to be dope
"Lets assume I'll live" she's dying by the end of the game.
Gears 4? Missed an opportunity for Gears of 4
Nobody has said Superbad yet, that's a great one
Cannot wait to get my hands on this. My only worry is casual players will have even more of a gap between them and more hardcore gamers, making multiplayer games like CoD, Battlefield, and Halo even more frustrating for those who hop on once a week or so
As much as I love Doom, I really, really want Krieger to win.
As long as the original Skate game comes back. I'm temped to take the $175 minimum for my 360 to get a second Xbox, this one for my brother who cant afford one and just let him borrow games im not playing, but I still play my 360 for Skate, Elder Scrolls, Fallout, and GTAIV
I heard he stole 20 bag lunches
Or any Skate
My guess on this is devs wont release games for backwards compatibility if they're already on the xbox one.
You try being a police officer in Detroit trying to solve a murder case. Most of the city is anti-cop, and pro "we'll handle our own business." $10 says a seemingly random guy is found with his throat slit in the next few weeks with the weapons used in the shooting under his bed, and nobody will do anything about it.
Strahovski is too bright and bubbly for me to take her seriously as the roll of death. I gotta agree with /u/WeaponX33 and say Jolie
Well he DID create the character. He also created Black Panther and (not) Blade and I'm sure he wouldn't want them white
Whoops! Thats fair enough but my point still stands for Black Panther
Not really when Redbox keeps records of who rents the games
What happens when you're playing Halo with the kinnect on?? It's like one of ten words MC says
Not if I can be Adam fucking West Batman
Danny DeVito
Jesus he's so young, why not just hire the baby from American Sniper?
My best friend is a girl and she is freaky tall. She always wears flats and refuses heels. One day i asked her how tall she is and she answered 5"8. Bitch I'm 5"7 and I'm eye level with your tits dont give me that shit
Sort of, they said they have no plans for paid mods *right now*
I couldn't find a video, but Bo Burnham's mom is probably pretty pissed right now. I remember when my mother first described gay sex to me. I was eight years old. She sat me down at the dinner table and she was very mature about it. She sat right across from me and she said, ‘Do you know how your father and I love each other?’ And I said, 'Of course! You and Dad love each other more than any two people in the whole world.’ And she said, 'Well, when two men love each other like that, and they can, they can love each other in the exact same way that your father and I love each other. What they do is they take off all their clothes, the get in a bed, and they SHIT ON THE BIBLE.’ Bo Burnham
He wasn't dumb, he was ignorant. There's a big difference.
I say he is ignorant only because he doesn't *get* the game like Tywin or Littlefinger. Everyone plays a little differently. Littlefinger whispers in his allies ears until he is done with them. Tywin knows the secret to success is coin. Varys is just unexpected. Ned Stark was just thrown into this position. He wants to do what is right for the people, but that's just not how King's Landing works. He's ignorant to the fact that backstabbing, murder, partnerships with the right people, and coin are the only way to keep up. He had nothing to do with the first two, he picked the wrong partner (Littlefinger even told him he's not to be trusted). He was ignorant to the way the game is played and paid the ultimate price for it.
Lower-middle class American here. Why in the hell would we rise up against someone who has more than us. They earned their money, they worked hard for their money. Unless they directly wrong us, they're just earning their dollar, not doing anything morally wrong.
I'd invest it with a trustworthy stockbroker, and just sit on it. Let them do what they can and entice them to do well with hearty percentage of the profits.
Doing my taxes
I wanted it so bad but i knew there's no way my G4 would fit
They most likely started developing the pip boy before the S6 release on April 10th. That's a pretty good excuse in my book.
Bungie and Activision PR
You do know you can still buy discs right? There's no law that says "the_boomr cannot purchase discs now that he has gone digital. So it is written." If there's a good deal, just get it! Or throw away the boxes and just get a slim disc holder.
I guess I just don't understand of paying a shit ton of money for digital when you can just pay for something and put it in [one of these](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00011KM38/ref=cm_sw_r_awd_XBEJvb07242RB) that literally takes up no space. If room is what you're looking for and you don't want to waste money, get one of those
Challenge accepted. My goal is to get every single achievement
I trust Bethesda, CDPR, 2K Games, Rocksteady, Game Freak, Insomniac, and recently and I know it's crazy, EA after their announcement that they fully support BC. I do not trust Ubisoft, Bungie, i343 (though they're gaining my trust back after how much they have improved MCC), and most of all Overkill
Checked IMDB to see who plays Lucious Fox before I got to GJ, yeah it's Mark Hamill. **Side note, if you don't know who the AK is DON'T CHECK IMDB IT TELLS YOU.** I made that mistake
I'll do it in 190
Well if you shit it's gonna be a lot less clean
Great just another reason for other countries to have the wrong idea about most of America
Isn't that the whole point of the movie
I actually enjoyed Jonah Hill is Django a bit more
Nah, the twist is its all in his head, and shes a figment of his imagination
Oh god yes
I mean at one point you had 293 blu rays and DVDs. Its not all about quantity.
Yay, me and 63% of the American population have something in common! And my mom said I was odd. Pssh.
You must not have seen Happy Gilmore
The new Mafia game is set in New Orleans. Fingers crossed it will be just as good or better than the previous two installments.
For me, I think S1E4 "Cancer Man" Breaking Bad had a really good one. That's the one where Jesse is paranoid and smokes a bunch of meth. He then "sees" bikers coming up to kill him but in reality it's just Jehovah's Witnesses
Terrible quality but this is the one I'm talking about. Girl scouts was a different season. https://youtu.be/xbCw18GN1n0
Getting into the game can sometimes be a hassle but the multiplayer gameplay is some of the freshest and most fun ive played this year
Fuck I missed it by 16 years!
Aren't the Bush's secretly Lizardpeople?
What does it matter? It's a great service, and expanding it makes sense for EA and for the consumer.
I know everyone is pretty upset about this but at least they're giving us feedback and saying we will have it. I'd rather them give us a quality experience than screw it up
I actually didn't realize forge was out, can't wait to make some maps!
Honestly he was my favorite character in The Renevant, I would give him a chance in that.
Thank you, I've already watched The Big Short but I was still a little confused. You put the last piece or two of the puzzle in for me. Thanks again!
The Departed
Well shit I didn't want any classy movies. I'll get back to you in a few days, about to order now.
This is both my favorite Seth Rogan movie, and my favorite JGL movie. This was the first attempt I had seen at SR doing something other than comedy, and he nails it. JGL really brings his characters emotions alive and I can really relate to his additude throughout the film. The books scene gets to me every time. Not in my top 10 movies, but it's pretty close. Also, yes I've seen Jurassic Park. Love that one too
Great film. Coen brothers are some of my favorite directors and this is my second favorite movie from them. My favorite role of John Goodman (probably until 10 Cloverfield Lane) and Jeff Bridges. Every time I watch it I laugh and tear up a little, then laugh some more. Also, this is probably one of the most quoteable movies I can think of
I own one, but I'd probably have to go dig in my mom's basement to find it. Long story short I hated the first one, fuck that shithead pitri with his annoying ass voice, and the main dinosaur is a fucking little bitch. Always complaining about his mom and shit. I bet money 2-12 is the same way
QT is my dude. This is my second favorite of his being Inglorious Basterds. Leo makes such a good villian and you don't see him in that roll often, and Waltz makes such a good hero, a roll you don't see him in often. I hear a lot of hate for Foxx but I love him in this. He's also the best part of Horrible Bosses to me. But back to Django, I love it. My favorite scene is probably the deaths of the Brittle Brothers.
My favorite western. Such a good cast. By far the best scene is the last shootout.
The first movie I actually wasn't a fan of. I haven't watched it in years, but I guess I just didn't get it, or I didn't pay enough attention. I found Lola to be an annoying protagonist, and the camera work made me want to vomit (not figuratively. Literally. Maybe it was some bad food I ate that day but I seriously felt like hurling)
I've seen it at work, never bought it. I'll grab it tonight
Never seen either. Will order both if we don't carry them
Ordering it now, never seen it. Looking forward to it I've heard great things
I'll try to grab this movie at work. If not I'll order it
Looks good, I'll order it today
I've seen it, its in my collection, but honestly I haven't watched it in forever. I'll need to rewatch it to give you a more in depth answer.
I'll order it in a bit!
Never even heard of it but I'll order it today
If I can find it for a bit cheaper than $200 I'll grab it haha
Never seen it. I'll order it today
Such a great movie. I've seen it many times. If for nothing else I love it for the amazing fight scenes. They are so real. Also has a star studded cast. What's not to like!
I've seen it but I hated the ending I watched. Had to go back and rewatch, then pause at the end and watch the theatrical ending. I loved everything before that though!
Hands down my favorite movie. I made my own steelbook for it, I have it on Blu Ray, DVD, VHS, I have it on an audible tape so I can listen to it to and from work. I have official Blart pajamas. I've got a condom sewn from the fibers of his brilliant moustache. I own the segway from the movie. I've seen it seventy eight times. I'm currently in the process of making it into a live Broadway musical. I've hired DDL to play Blart. He's gained over 100 pounds and has been a mall cop for six months to prepare.
Yeah, he was a pretty interesting character who put justice in front of everything.
Although I love gears, I hope this isn't similar. I already have all the GOW games on my xbox, I want something a little different
Favorite game was Skate. on the Xbox 360. So many fond memories of just the demo, when I finally got the game it was the most fun I'd ever had gaming. I really hope for BC to get ahold of this soon
Its the end of one of his more recent movies
Whenever Ben and Chris join the show really turns the tides for me. I enjoy Andy, Swanson, Tom, Donna, and even Jerry, but hated Ann and Leslie until they got their own love interests
Thank you so much! I'll add you now
Thank you so much!
Haven't seen a lancer yet. Maybe I'm not a douche bag!
I'm super serious when I ask if you went to school in Missouri. My gym teacher was named Mrs Little. I feel like that's not a normal gym teacher name
Damn. That would've been pretty neat. Oh well
Just price matched road house at Best Buy, saved a couple bucks. Thanks Beav! As always!
I think he was the teacher who decides if you're a hero or a sidekick. Also the gym teacher
What if they get taken away by the very same tornado that took Jonathan Kent?
The Departed No Country for Old Men Inglorious Basterds
Just because the guy was religious doesn't mean that's why he didn't move on. There's no sacred ruld saying "hey dude if you get married and she dies, you're not allowed to move on. You gotta keep that dick dry forever." Maybe he simply loved the woman, and never found somebody up the standard of her.
There were fatalaties.
I usually don't shell out for the collectors editions, but Mafia will always be one of my favorite game series, so I will shell out the extra cash for this one. Now if only EA would make a collectors edition of Skate 4 with 1,2, and 3 BC with it, and some cool stuff to go along with it. I would literally pay $200 for that.
Will Arnet for Mysterio, his illusions are crazy
Man, it's weird seeing Little Finger in present day clothing, plus the accent throws me off.
[Little Bird, Little Bird by Elizabeth Mitchell.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fkueFW1lRjc ) Can't hear it after Futurama.
People are such fucking pussies.
I work in the mobile department at a Best Buy unfortunately and even though customers do come in 1 second before close to get a new phone, it always helps a lot when they're customers like you who apologize and are sincere. So thank you.
As much as I want to see OP get caught, don't straight up lie to him. The spider webs do have alarms. 100% of cameras work. I would know, I work there. He's an idiot for shoplifting in general, but at best buy that's a very, very stupid decision
Hopefully at E3, I can't stand another years wait for a reveal
The ex-Saints football player Will Smith died. Not the actor Edit: added ex, he doesn't play for the saints anymore
She also appears to have a much stronger liver
Steve Holt!
Didn't he have a bit of Thor's drink and it help with that? I could be remembering incorrectly though
I think Master Chief could beat Oblivion, it's not too hard of a game
Moon Knight, Quicksilver, Nightcrawler, Mystique, and Black Panther
I've heard 2 separate things. A GameStop employee said she saw one at a convention that had a ton of Pop figures. The second was my buddy who swore he saw it on eBay but when he went to make a bid it was bought out.
That's a fair point. I just started collecting but I only pick up my favorite, most well liked characters. Syrio would definitely have a spot on my drawer
Every time I see this picture I cringe at the self harm this person inflicted on themselves. I've lost two friends now to them slitting their wrists, I wish I could do more to help people this depressed.
No, you've seen this photo, now you're forced to get this tattoo.
It does, the chair supports him
Last year when you guys made it far for the first time in, oh I don't know, ever? We were all cheering for you! Keep that in mind. -Cardinals fans everywhere
At first I was like "oh he's not an asshole, he seems to be just a little light in the head." But ya know he's kindve an asshole
My buddy got me my two favorite characters from Futurama. No not Fry, or Leela, or Bender of Zoidburg. He got me Zap and Robot Devil. I was so happy.
I didn't realize people didn't like Chronicle. Everyone avid movie lover I know is in love with movie
I can respect that. I thought the first and second act were very strong, but I do agree that if you discount the fight scene, act 3 didn't seem spectacular
Looking at this gen of carrier level smart phones what do we have. Iphone 6s, iphone 6s plus, Iphone SE, LG G5, Samsung S7, Samsung S7 Edge, HTC 10, I'll also count Note 6/7, Droid Turbo 2, and the next Nexus. How many of these have a removable battery? 1 out of 10. 90% is pretty damn accurate
But then how can Samsung, Apple, HTC, and LG make money if they make a phone that lasts more than two years??? That's totally inconceivable.
I work at best buy, you'd be surprised how many people come in with lint in their iphones. I probably see three people a week at minimum. They always thing their charging cord is broken. I clean it out, and they STILL buy a charging cord, even though I tell them not to waste their money, and that their phone will work now. People are dumb.
Plastic toothpick will do a world of good!
How is that cherry picking it? These are all this year's phones.
10 phones that the major carriers carry.
Now take out the trash
But a healthy margin of Redditors do (especially at this time of day) and I also happen to sell phones through all three major carriers in the US, making my input somewhat valid on the subject. I know trends of users pretty well by now.
I have sold phones for multiple careers in multiple states for over 8 years for 40 hours a week every week. I have taken one vacation ever over that time. So I think I have a decent outlook at the nations cell phone use.
I'm with you there. Fuck exclusivity. I bought an Xbox One because I don't like the PS4 controller and I love the OS on XB1. It sucks I can't play as one of my favorite superheroes because exclusivity
I'm always happy to see Craig Robinson in movies. Might check it out
Very true! All around looks like a good movie
Seriously where is any Skate game? It was up front and center when they announced BC, and is one of the most asked for games on the internet. With no announcement of Skate 4, there should be no reason it's not available yet.
