It depends. Do you want it to last, or do you want to cheap out on routine maintenance?
you can drive it in the US on canadian tags all you want (well, for a couple months atleast, given you are a canadian citizen). Question is whether one of those is legal in canada or not.
oh and RHD doesn't matter at all. My triumph was RHD, and many mail jeeps are as well.
if they give you 20k trade in, likely they will be in it another grand with a detail, inspection, etc. I see the accords advertise at $21.9k w/ incentives. So would you sell a car for the same price as a new one if it was used?
Well go ahead and give it a try then. Just temper your expectations more reasonably. It has to be a good deal for everyone. The dealer has no incentive to take a trade-in that they will lose money on.
I don't think they are trying to scam you. You got a tax break based on your trade-in value. Basically you only pay sales tax on the difference. However since it was a lease, you don't get this tax break. If it was a dealership that handles leases, this should never have happened. If they don't normally handle leases, then i can understand the mistake. You aren't obligated to keep the car in this situation, but it's kind of a dick move to not pay the taxes you owe.
in house loans are usually contingent upon someone living in the same county, just sayin.
i'll even ya out here with an upvote. Kinda sounds like they didn't give all the info.
Why would you let someone borrow your car for 6 months if they aren't trustworthy enough to have already repaired damage like that?
Nice Taco! Those old dell workstations, not so much. I feel your pain if you are in IT and trying to keep those running. We only have 4 and its a weekly chore.
haha.. no shit. My vacuum was a couple grand. But i've bought one set of filters and nothing else in a decade and it gets used multiple times a day. My shop vac at home needs filters every couple months.
aye, and if the dealer wants to chase it, he has to try to get complete payment, which lets be honest, is probably more than anybody who does bhph's net worth.
i've had a couple. Damn good batteries. Interstate's top of the line battery.
It should be on level ground, if it's leaning one way or the other it will become permanent when you bolt those things up.
You can pass inspection probably. The discount ones have the bare minimum platinum in them to make it pass. The more expensive ones will last more than a year or two.
If it is aftermarket it can be hazardous as flammable gasses can build up in the truck, if it's stock it will be vented to outside the truck by the manufacturer and is perfectly safe.
man i've been trying to buy my neighbors for 20 years. He died and his widow scrapped it. I cried.
That's a custom intake and 3 carbs. GoodParts still makes them i think. https://www.goodparts.com/shop/index.php?categoryID=2
I have the Cub Cadet mower in a self propelled walk behind. It has two blades side by side and 4 speeds. Used to take me 2-3 hours to push low my lawn with emptying bags. Now i mulch the whole thing with that bad boy in about half an hour. http://www.cubcadet.com/equipment/cubcadet/walk-behind-mowers/wide-area-walk-behinds/features That said i was looking into the honda harmony or snapper riders because they were the only ones that would fit through my gate (36") but they are fixed deck mowers and won't mow an non-flat lawn well. Anything else was too damn expensive.
not much short of an acre. Its more work than a rider (steering it mostly), but a similar amount of cut and speed for a fraction of the price.
ammonia will also ruin your tint if you have tinted windows. hence why you shouldn't use windex.
yeah. stock tint is inside the glass so it won't hurt it, but better safe than out $250 for a retint.
people always underestimate how much padding, plastic, and safety equipment is in a modern car. Having worked with airbags they are really fucking heavy.
usually only with new cars, not used.
yeah, that's why we dropped autotrader in favor of cars.com. They weight their ads so the premium cost listings show up first and the standard pages that us little guys use get shoved to the back of the bus.
I would have known to skip belgium on my honeymoon. Brussels has pretty buildings, but it is godawful there. Basically piss and garbage running in the street like a 3rd world country.
A Ranger is a very good pickup truck. A tacoma is also a very good pickup truck. They are, however, very different. The Tacoma puts out less power and has a much lighter load rating. 2002 Tacoma 4X4 in a 5 speed with a 3.4 v6 - 190 (generous) hp/18 mpg hwy 2010 Ranger 4X4 5 speed 4.0L v6 - 207 hp/19 mpg hwy In my experience i always got better mileage in the Ranger. It felt like it wasn't working as hard. The Ranger has a stronger frame/steering/suspension and a more powerful motor. The Tacoma has an excellent engine in the 3.4 (1 mpg less than the 2.7 so why not) that will last nearly forever, but the rest of the truck, especially the body, steering, and suspension, will wear out before that. I drive a Toyota now, but a newer ranger is a better choice in the long run. You will get more life out of it for less money. They also do much better in the snow.
Ranger's values are holding very well, and have been for a long time. Just remember they were never as expensive of a truck.
1) 68 GTO 2) 95 F150 3) 73 Triumph GT6 (Still have) 4) 99 Ranger 5) 87 F150 6) 91 F150 7) 96 F250 8) 87 Toyota 9) 94 Toyota (x2) (Still Have, DD + Wheeler) 10) 84 RX7 (Still Have) One of these is not like the others. And yes i kick myself for selling it, but 16 year old me wanted a truck bad.
yeah, i don't think he needs a second opinion on this one but i'll give it anyways. /u/Pretaco is right.
Does it go away when your a/c is off (defrost too since that uses the a/c)?
probably not if the bottom is rotten. Good rule of thumb for cucumbers/everything else is to water when the soil is dry to your second knuckle (an inch or so). Maybe more if you don't live somewhere very wet. Just replant in a new pot with new soil. It's still early enough i think.
Well in my state that's the limit for kids under 16 (aka 12 and up) so honestly you shouldn't be able to get yourself in too much trouble. Use common sense, don't get out of the boat with it running (props are sharp), and other than that don't worry about it. Remember stick left to turn right, and vice-versa, on an outboard. A 10 horse 4 stroke shouldn't scare the fish, especially trolling, but drift or anchor fishing if you're just casting into a hole you'll want to turn it off once you arrive to save gas, etc. Remember the essentials, always have water/food on the boat, simple tools just in case, life jackets, and a whistle. 4 People is a bit crowded, so drop off your gear first.
If you do bake tuna, do it with some sort of glaze or covering to seal in moisture or it'll get dry. Slather it in mayo, lemon zest and dill. it's great and keeps it moist, even if you don't want the mayo topper it just comes right off after your done.
that's easy, its just fishing with the bottom full of stuff thats hard. Just drop off the campin stuff.
I've got a transport broker that'll do it cheap from seattle, takes some time but he's never failed me. PM for more info.
If you touch it up it'll be better than having a big scratch, and worst case scenario you can always get it painted anyways. Instead of using black touchup from autozone, try clearcoat. Thin it out if it's the touch up bottle type, and use a good thin paintbrush not the one in the bottle. You'll be surprised how well it works and how easy it is.
it will absolutely protect against rust. And you would only need black under if it's all the way through the base coat. The thinned clear levels better in the scratch, and will take that white look out of it. If you can see metal in the scratch you'll need color, if not it's just into the clear most of the time. (ps if you don't like how it turns out, wipe it off quickly with lacquer thinner and try again)
not if your careful, it will soften it slightly, so that why you want to do it right away so it comes off easier. It'll harden right back up pretty quickly. I just did a tundra with a similar scratch but full length of the truck, cleaned the scratch with alcohol, touched it up carefully, wetsanded level, and buffed, and it is not noticeable at all. If you don't wetsand and buff it still looks pretty good, but can be seen depending on the light and angle.
brand of what? clearcoat? i use ppg products myself. Find a store that sells automotive paint and buy a small touch up bottle of activated clearcoat. It will be thin enough. Or if your cheap you can thin out clear in an autozone duplicolor touch up bottle. Honestly worst case scenario it wipes off easy if you don't let it dry all the way.
Sounds like you got your life out of it. If it needs rebuilt/repaired its probably not worth it. 230k is too high to sell the car for parts either. Scrap it and get another.
well what do you expect for $11k in a tsx? probably a salvage, or since they are such expensive cars, not quite a salvage but a lot of damage.
It's been this way for a couple years now. prices are rising, and although incentives are there sometimes, it's not really going to change as far out as i can see.
Haha, i work right next to a taco bell too. Still i try to leave the cars, since ya know, people want to drive them.
Early chrysler era jeeps don't hold idle in the ECM. So if you reset the ECM or change the battery, you need to keep it running while it relearns the idle. Start it and give it throttle up to about 1500 rpm. Keep it steady there for ~5 min. Should stay running after that unless you have a real problem.
Sounds normal to me when you add a high stall converter. It's so you can rev it up into the powerband without powerbraking. 3000 stall is for drag racing, and it won't go anywhere till high rpm. It will roll downhill, and is a bitch at uphill stop lights. 2000 is more manageable, but still a little tricky.
The shift linkage cable is going to be a dealer part, and not extremely expensive.
it's probably worth it for the two gt86's, but you can't really compare two different makes and models using the same metric. The BRZ is an awesome car though, the s2000 is just too cramped. I'd go for the subaru.
yeah it's not that hard. A carb tune is pretty much free, just takes know how. I like the vacuum method myself, it's not as exact but its way easy.
to expand on this. If you mix dexcool with glycol green, it will gelatinize and clog er up real good.
we specialize in low mileage older stuff at my place, that 5-15 range. this is totally in my ballpark for sure.
you'd be surprised, especially in this market. but yeah, most of em are good ol boys. I've been doin this since i was 12, ain't much i haven't seen.
haha.. no shit bud. 1000 yard stare over pavement comes up on ya fast.
Pressure test it and look for leaks. Small radiator leaks or something around the exhaust would allow it to evaporate or steam off before it hits the ground.
Shouldn't be that hard to get a loan if he doesn't have anything bad on his credit. It'll be high interest the first time around without a cosigner, but it should be possible. Also got to check debt/income levels, and have job history for 6 months in the same field. He needs to have a D/I level under 45-50 percent including rent, the new car payment, and any debts.
it's spread all over the bottom at this point so it would be hard to narrow down. I can see it up the sides of the bellhousing as well. Clean it well and then check again to see where it starts.
Yeah, always check the owners manual to see what the flat towing procedures are. Even on a dolly. You probably overheated the transmission. Next time take off the rear driveshaft. Transfer cases are hard to fry. They generally aren't cooled when you're driving anyways. Just buy a used transmission on a rig that old and swap it out.
Quicklubes just use whatever is cheapest by the barrel. Another reason to change your own oil, or be very specific.
lift it up, put it in neutral with the parking brake on, and rotate the driveshaft back and forth. It shouldn't have much play in the rear end without spinning the wheels. My truck has like 1/4 turn of play in the rear end, and does exactly what you are describing. It's definitely time for a rear end, but i drive like 1/2 mile a day so i'm putting it off till it's a little worse or i need to drive on the highway.
You got bugs. Treat said bugs using your preferred method.
Box up and ship larger items to your new apartment. Drop it off when you leave and you should beat it there. Also please don't drive on the freeway with a mattress strapped to the top of your car. It's going to get ruined if you do it. And at the very least it will damage your car, or come off and cause an accident. Ideally you should only have clothes, your electronics, and such stuff you will need for a couple days in your car for the move. A cooler for snacks and food will help keep the costs low. If you overload your car it could break. Even if it doesn't you will get greatly reduced fuel mileage.
yeah, trailers are pretty aerodynamic, and it will reduce the weight load on your cars suspension.
Give it a good flush for the coolant system and test it again. Blue devil is a temporary fix, but it will clog everything up so bad that the engine and heater core will be a bitch to fix if you actually want to do it right down the road. It's a roll of the dice whether it works or not. Did you add coolant recently? if you put green into the dexcool it will sludge it up and overheat.
not really if he's using good factory parts that will last. Or you could have someone slap on an el-cheapo cat and it'll last a couple years, not the 16 that the original did.
its in the center valley. You don't need to remove the timing belt or heads. It's under the intake though so you do have to take that off.
then find a muffler shop that will put a cheap one on, or do it yourself, they bolt on easy.
With anything that old, start with safety then work on reliability. Check the brakes, and flush the brake fluid first thing. Bake sure that heavy beast will stop. While you have the brakes off, check the axle seals for leaks. '77 should be a full floater rear so you'll have to pop the rear axles out to take the back drums off. Make sure your proportioning valve is working correctly. Hit the brakes hard on gravel and make sure all 4 tires skid, not just the fronts. If just the front's skid, check the proportioning valve. Wild Bronco's makes an upgraded one i've had good luck with on those. After you have it safe to drive, then work on reliability. Change all the fluids and check for anything weird with them. Don't forget rear end/front end and transmission/transfer case. The rear end will probably be easier to change fluids when you remove the axles to check the rear brakes. Look for any leaks, and make note of them. Probably not worth fixing yet but good to keep an eye on. A good tune-up is in order next, pull the spark plugs one at a time and replace them. Check compression while you do so. Then wires, a cap, and rotor. Compression should be triple digits or close. If it isn't it's either valves, valve seals, or piston rings. all of which involve a real overhaul. If the carburetor runs well don't rebuild it. Clean it out a bit, adjust it using a vacuum gauge. If it runs poor, or smells like gas, have the carb rebuilt, or buy a nice Holley. I'm sure i'm forgetting stuff, but that should get you running like new. Most of this can be done for extremely cheap.
The oil pressure light came on and you kept driving it? did you atleast check the oil?
compared to a rotary? you really have to fuck up to burn through paint with a DA.
the ACDelco stock one is the best one. You could get a couple years out of an airtex or delphi though. The delphi is the better turd in a warrantied box.
Could be the battery, alternator, a wiring problem, or a parasitic draw. Just gotta break out the multimeter and start testing.
the 300-6 is a tank. Best ford motor ever made.
depends on the car. Some have the bypass before or after the thermostat.
or a forest service map. Most forest service roads are well mapped. Most full blown trails would be part of a ORV area as well, but not mapped. But atleast you could search for orv areas around you.
haha... nice.
actually probably a really nice aftermarket unit is cheaper. If it's a full nav dvd system they are pretty spendy used. Like 800 is a decent deal but i've seen them up to $1200. Most people have them repaired instead. Still not a real reason not to get it.
yeah the rest of the grounds are way cooler.
this works where i am very well.. lots of people do it. I don't know how well they will grow in texas though. The nice thing is the timing. You only have to trim them a couple times a year to get a good shape, and they are marketable in a few years.
Does the recall agreement include a loaner car? sometimes it moves the job to the front of the pile if they have a loaner car out on the street waiting for a job to finish.
yeah, it's basically an engine rebuild.
You can buy topsoil and compost by the yard to fill it, just ask around. Landscape supply companies are everywhere. You should use the dirt you removed mixed in a bit as filler unless it's really bad. Compost is where all the nutrients are, but too much will cause rot and problems, so you want to mix it with normal topsoil, and depending on your area a good substrate. I add sand since i live in an area with a lot of clay, but some people will add other stuff depending on the dirt they have already.
Buy a used car wash vacuum. That is where i got mine. Unbolted it from the concrete, bolted on wheels and motorcycle handlebars to tug it around, and put wheels on it. Then you can really get the sand out, not just the surface bits. It's a huge timesaver having a 2 or 3 motor vac.
[Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/VAtKD9S.jpg)
now is it stock bore with 400 cranks that make it a 383, or do you have to go .030 over?
unless it cracked the block or head instead....
yup.. looks like a GS400 to me.
Spinners! haha. jk. Get a set of nice used alloys from the next trim level up to replace the steelies. It'll look right and be much nicer. Most aftermarket hubcaps are worse than the factory ones.
Usually you should drop the tank to do it right. It would probably ok if you just zip tied it up there, but still... it is your brakes and without them you can't stop.
Honestly, i would get another fullsize SUV. If i bought a crew cab truck i'd just end up with a bed i can't use to haul my quad or fit a bicycle. So yeah, might as well get another SUV. Probably would get a v10 excursion or a big block chevy suburban. Cuz i drive like 2,000 miles a year and the gas mileage won't matter.
Anytime is about the same for used cars nomatter what people tell you. There isn't rebates for certain times of year, nor is there quota's to hit or factory bonuses for volume in used cars. Obviously convertible's are cheaper in winter, and 4x4's a little more expensive. But for a regular car like a honda fit it is pretty steady pricing year round. Demand is high during tax season, but usually on the really cheap cars. However, dealerships usually stock up on these cheaper cars around February, so the availability will be higher, and the pricing still lower to attract people who only have a little money in their pockets at that time of year.
that's not really good advice. If you negotiate hard on the sale price, then throw in a trade at the end, you will end up lowballed on the trade. Also if you don't say you want financing, a cash sale is assumed. Not to mention this tactic wastes a lot of time for both you and the salesperson. Usually this equates to a worse deal.
sway bar links and shocks can be knocked out in a hour or so. I would do the ball joint and control arm bushings at the same time too so as not to repeat axle and brake removal labor. Basically a couple hundred bucks and a weekend project will get all of that done.
Depends. If you have a car that is worth a decent amount of money, and not great sales skills, it is likely that you will only be able to sell the car for the trade-value when you include the sales tax savings. Often when i run over the numbers with people, what they would ask private party, and the trade plus tax savings, are the same or very close. And your time and effort is worth something.
of course. Lets put it this way, if you have a car worth 10k trade, and are buying a newer car. You get 10k plus save another 1k on sales tax. If you plan on selling it for 12k, but will take 11.5, you're net gain by selling it yourself is $500. subtract $250 for a detail and oil change, etc, and you will net $250. Now for a lot of people it's not worth it. Especially having to buy the new car and sit on the old one for possibly months. Of course if your car is only worth $500 trade, the tax savings is absolutely negligible and you are better off trying to sell it for a grand or two yourself. It's not a hard and fast rule that selling yourself is better. That's why my job exists.
fair enough, but if the car is totally wore out, it's going to be worth pretty much scrap value on a trade-in, or at the scrap yard. And in that case it can be donated and you will get a tax deduction worth more than the car is due to mechanical failures. It's not as hard as one might think.
nav system failures are the most common ones i've seen. Rear end failures if you tow a heavy boat. But really they are pretty reliable. Better than the previous generations which had steering rack problems.
No...
exhaust needs to be isolated from the truck body using real exhaust clamps and rubber bushings....
yeah, i wouldn't put it on the roof unless you plan on reinforcing and redesigning the roof and load bearing walls.
Is it a real one? I've only ever seen the replica kits, but there is a bunch of those around.
honestly that's a pretty bad idea. Sometimes the computer can make up for predetonation on newer cars with VVT-i, but you will be sacrificing gas mileage, and slowly hurting your car.
Started washing cars when i was 12 at the family business. Worked my way through college detailing and turning wrenches. Went into sales shortly thereafter. The just sales part was better than trying to run the store and be a salesman at the same time, but someone's gotta do it.
yup. That is why it is important for people to vote in their local elections and pay attention to state politics. Everybody gets worked up over presidential runs, but really most of the day-to-day benefits we see come from the states. And congress is tough these days. They really took most of the good parts of the healthcare act out, so asking them to add a line like that is about as likely as getting them to cut defense spending.
I like it. Looks solid. Those arms look a little beefy for the piece though, if it were me i would shave them down about 1/2 inch along the inside and front edge.
well then the seals should be ok as long as you did them all at the same time. Most mechanics will want to do them since all the labor of taking them apart is already done so its good preventative maintenance.
Old Man Emu on my toyota is better than stock. It's only 2" lift on 31's though. With big lifts i usually make them myself. The other toyota is sitting up on 38's with chevy springs in the rear and a custom pack up front. The front is too stiff, but the chevy engine is wicked heavy so what can ya do.
does it smell rich when it's warmed up? I had the same problem and was getting waaay to much fuel through my weber. I jetted it down a bit, but lost too much power, so i went down in size on the accelerator jet too and back up on the mains.
Yeah, subaru's are actually pretty expensive to fix. Look at a Toyota Matrix as well as the domestics. More upfront cost, but they are pretty damn reliable. They offer the same sort of room in a FWD platform.
Yeah, they can be a handful if you don't have reverse. However if you are tilling long straight lines with lots of room between the tilled area and a fence (6-10') you'll be fine. PS those HF motors are garbage. You're better off fixing or getting a new tecumseh or similar motor. The Ariens tiller's can last for a very long time.
Do you have any practical skills? because i made a killing as a handyman around there while i was in school. Too many college kids, not enough wrench turners and hammer chuckers.
yup.. If your pump can still run, and you leave a tap cracked a bit, it'll keep it from icing up.
Jackhammer, or a reeeeaaallly good hammer drill with rock bits. Like the ones they use for mining. A jackhammer would be cheaper i think.
This thing hurts my brain to look at. In a cool way like an optical illusion. Good work.
Well if you ate nothing but lizard tails....
that will just change the readout on the odometer... the speedometer will still read miles on the outer rim of the faceplate. A speedometer shop will pull the cluster, and swap the faceplate for one that reads in km/h. It costs about $250 in the US to do it the other way around.
yup. we use them atleast once a week on imported cars since i live by the canadian border. We don't do miles unknown cars, but if your odometer breaks, they can also reprogram a new odometer to the correct miles, and provide all the paperwork so its legal beagle.
don't buy a performance muffler. Either get a stock bolt on replacement, or go to a muffler shop and have a regular replacement muffler welded on. The latter will be much cheaper, even having someone do the work for you.
They make brake caliper grease. Thats what i use.
Stock 4.3's go from $250-400 put together and running. There's lots of them out there.
most of the AE muffles i've seen are loud. But i'm sure they make a quiet one as well. That price is really quite good.
It should be fine. if you're worried about it put a small heater down there on a thermostat that kicks on at freezing. Realistically the upper part of the house should keep the bottom warm enough. Also basements are usually pretty constant on temperature if they are underground.
sometimes the simplest solutions are the best.
this was less than a year ago. Fuck that company.
How would that even work to lower taxes? having had several appraisals they always just measured the outside of the house, then counted bedrooms and bathrooms.
Built under the library at the college i went to there is a full copy of the houses of congress. Apparently they were the backups in case of nuclear war or some shit. Also steam tunnels that ran the heating for the whole college connected all the buildings. They had also built a new biology building, and converted the old one into more math classrooms. There was a museum of sorts in the basement full of stuffed critters, and a dinosaur skeleton. Nobody really ever went there, except me because it had a really nice bathroom, and well, nobody was every there.
Probably 60+. We did pigs, and have venison, and i fish a lot. So really, chicken since ours is for eggs, and the occasional beef purchase every couple months. But we ran out of our own bacon in short order, so we buy that every couple weeks.
If it isn't tinted you can use a razorblade and steel wool with glass cleaner on the outside and inside. If it's aftermarket tinted, don't do the inside like that.
hmm.. i should try that sometime. The acid really is harsh.
Bend the shifter in an S curve. I used a TH350 on my chevota, and i had the opposite problem of it being really long. I had to put in bucket seats to the transfer case shifter would be accessible.
Yes it is lifter noise. I wouldn't say it's all that abnormal though. Those overhead cam nissan engines tend to be loud.
The guy i know doesn't pay the window tinter. The tinter pays him to rent a space in his shop and runs a separate business under the same roof.
Usually you'll want to do them all, but if you're cheap you can do just the one that has play in it. look at the tie rods while a buddy turns the wheel back and forth and you'll see which one has slack. If you do just do one, the next one will probably fail soon, and you'll have to pay to have it aligned twice. Murphy's law of cheap auto repair.
take both the old odometer and the new one to a speedometer shop. The old one needs to be in the car. They will reprogram it for you.
1) You can always make an offer. OTD pricing is more difficult to tell you whether it is realistic since we don't know your tax, license, or document fees in your area. Realistically most popular cars, which is subaru's around here, have less that $500 of room to move. 2) Independent should be just fine. We don't let the subaru dealer around here do PPI's. The sales staff tends to lean on the customer and try to switch them to one of their cars. It's in their best interest to trash on the car, even if nothing spectacular is wrong. 3) We take any trade-in. If it can make it here it's worth something. Even if i end up just junking it. It really depends how realistic you are on value. If it will cost more to fix than it's worth to sell, we will basically just scrap it. We don't just band-aid trade ins. They also need to pass inspections.
this should be higher up. Put a paper towel in it, and replace when you get some out. It'll last quite a long time.
05+ had a redesign i believe. Headgasket failures are much less common than the older ones. Like only 1/10 of the potential trade-in's i look at have bad headgaskets. It's closer to 7/10 on the older ones.
Put a coat or floormat over the strap when towing or recovering. It'll keep the strap or chain from flinging around if it snaps.
slapping a headgasket on without new bolts, surfacing, etc, is not better than leaving it good if it isn't leaking in my opinion. But whatever floats your boat.
You can roll all new main and rod bearings in with the engine in the car too. Pretty much everything about a 4.0 is easy to work on.
Yeah, while the cars are cool, pretty much any other manufacturer would close down pretty fast if they continued to lose that kind of money. Luckily for them, it's pretty much Elon Musk's baby, and he doesn't seem to care if they make money.
Exactly, And there are pretty strict laws for privacy regarding releasing the previous owners information. I'm not even really supposed to let people look at the title, but if they are that concerned i will just fold the name and address part under so they can't see it.
also don't leave it standing up too close to your firepit. That one was a serious oops.
I'm pretty sure it's the other way around. The blowers provided the boost through a roots style supercharger, and the turbo's were mainly to keep them fed with air.
you blew a fluid line.. Don't drive it until you identify which one and fix it. Check all your fluids and see which one is low. And as far as the coolant goes.. That's generally a bad sign when it goes milky.
Foresters are like crack for people in BC. They are even more popular than in the interior.
and in my experience, it usually is cyclical. Early summer is not as good as say tax time, or late summer, or the "fuck it snowed an inch once and i drive a minivan" rush.
On a truck that old, that seems pretty normal. Nothing mission critical there.
yup. Test the radiator cap. Or just replace it. They are like seven bucks.
flex pipe replacement should be under $100 at an exhaust shop. And it'll last for a long time. Get a quote before trying yourself, most of the time exhaust work is just easier and cheaper to have done.
yes. It holds pressure to a certain psi (16 or so) and then lets the fluid out into the overflow. It also allows for fluid return when the coolant is under vaccum after cooling down (hence your collapsed radiator hose indicating a lack of this)
It's a lifestyle vehicle. People who camp, ski, kayak, bike, have dogs etc. Or people who want to look like that. BC (and the NW USA where i'm from) are very outdoorsy areas.
it's a plastic popout that you give a half turn then pull out. Someone pulled too hard.
No for so many reasons. Because it's illegal. Because it's a shady practice in a business where people already assume you are shady. But mostly because.... Would you risk losing your job for "X" under the table? What would that number be? $1,000. $5,000? 10,000? Even the most idiotic salesman won't risk his job for a couple hundred bucks.
it's a serious bitch to clean out. Scrubbing everything and then changing filters every month sucks. Black algae only grows in the dark and in diesel. So a car gas tank is basically the ideal environment.
You need an american truck. Ford and Chevy are my favorites. Some guys like dodges. But in the $20k and under bracket in western washington, the newer imports are out, and only recently have they come anywhere near american trucks in payload capacity. The chevy will drive a little softer, so you might like that. The ford has a more planted feel. The dodge is like riding a split-rail fenceboard. I sell trucks in Western WA, feel free to shoot me any questions you may have. Also how tall are you/your wife? Do you have kids you will need to haul? Do you want a basic secondary vehicle or more of a do-it-all truck? Finally, just get out and drive some. $20k will get you a decent used truck, nothing too crazy, but newer and lower miles.
Fuckin eh. My 110 is a hell of a rifle. Basic and no frills, but accurate and reliable.
No Problem. At 5'5" she's gonna have a bit of trouble reaching the pedals on most trucks. While you can put the seat all the way forward it isn't really safe to be that close to the airbag. Look for an extra cab in a lariat or SLT package. Adjustable pedals are going to be a good idea in case she needs to drive it. And an extra cab should fit everyone in a pinch since everyone should be out of car seats for the most parts and boosters will fit in the back.
not if you live in an at will state in the US. You can not show up for one day of work without proper authorization and get shitcanned. Or for basically any reason at all. Vacation time is not a right in the US. Nor is really any kind of sick or medical leave except in certain situations.
you need to give notice to your landlord, not her. Who gives a fuck about her, but you don't want to tell her you're cutting the lease, and then end up having it drag out another month. You have a contract with the landlord, not your ex gf.
For sure. But no company is required to provide sick or vacation days in contract for most cases.=.
aah.. yeah. Then you also need to give her written notice. But by doing so you will be breaking your lease, so you'll need a new lease too unless you are the only one on it.
It might surprise you to know lots of people aren't covered under the FMLA, in fact more than 1/3 of all americans in the workforce. For example a company needs to employ 50 or more people within a 75 mile radius. Also you need to be a full-time employee. And it doesn't cover short-term or common illnesses (colds, pneumonia, etc.)
If you ever have the pleasure of knowing someone who has turkeys as pets like my parents do, try gobbling at them. It's fucking hilarious. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q9zvgcOrTtw
They fit nicely in a Buick GS400, Pontiac Tempest, Basically any BOP car with a v8 from that era.
my guess is bump stop. If it was a transmission mount it would be vibrating badly.
That's a pretty good chunk, i can see the bead and bulge of the radial wire termination point. It should be replaced, and you should put on the spare before driving again. You're really only one good bump from a blowout.
4 in the mag well, 4 on the sling, a half sleeve in my pocket so it doesn't clank around. I also carry a .22 pistol for shooting grouse while i ride my mountain bike out. Usually i keep a small box of .22 in the bike box, which is all wrapped up so as not to rattle. Why can't you carry a .22 handgun? we can't hunt deer with one here, but since grouse is open at the same time and i have a rifle i've never had a problem.
Do you have a racetrack around? The reason i ask is because we use scales to balance race cars. Super accurate and you get a weight balance distribution as well.
The impreza looks much more legit. The forester is a cheap model at a BHPH. If you don't have absolutely crap credit, don't do BHPH. Just get a regular loan. talk to you bank first, or a local credit union, and then see if the dealer can match or beat the rate.
Any tire place can get it off. Or you can buy a bolt extractor set, but they are expensive in the larger sizes for a good working one.
Right. The first thing a new lawnmower gets is a cupholder. Even the push kind.
make sure all the doors hinges are tight, as well as all the rail fasteners. It's probably binding up somewhere. Also don't fuck with the spring. It will remove your hand or face.
Pier blocks made for a deck sounds like what you are looking for. As long as the main structure of the pergola is solidly constructed, it shouldn't wobble.
could also be power steering fluid (or a power steering pump that uses ATF). The new pump could have blown one of the old lines.
for some reason the picture of a guy waddling across his yard trying to hold a beer between his legs cracks me up.
umm... you're gonna need all the stock wiring from whatever model that came from, and a wiring diagram for the vehicle. that's gonna be a pain.
Probably the reverse synchro getting worn, it is almost 15 years old. Just shift slower, don't wear it out or you'l need to have the transmission rebuilt. My toyota has done this for as long as i've owned it. For some reason going 2nd to reverse is fine though.
or the coked out guy from In Bruges.
use a rolling jack to lift the front end, put it on a dolly, and tow it down the street. Drilling the lock cylinder will cost waaay more to fix than a dummy key or tow.
Well the good news is he can leave it as is and the city will tow it for him.
We have a 1947 Chevy. Slant-6 and column shift stepside 2WD. Baby blue and cream. Sweet truck.
mild non-oem restoration. It's a good driver, not a show truck.
i've only seen it on very old bikes (Pan's and shovels), and it's not like the case was leaking, there is a chain oiler which is basically a small tube running off the oil pump to the chain.
i would think so that you could use gear reduction to take advantage of a smaller motor.
sales tax goes off the place where you buy it. Registration fee's and such are based on your address. For example here i have to charge people from seattle an extra registration tax, but not extra sales tax.
old people cars. They will be well maintained and lower miles. Think big american sedans, buicks, impala's, crown vic's, etc. Honda's and Toyota's in that price range will be extremely beat and high mileage in my market.
Weird. Here sales tax is based on where the sale is made.
people want the cheapest car available. This means they will be buying the lowest quality car available. Instead of saying i want a $15k car but i only have $10k, so i'm going to find a different kind of car, they try to find the one $15k car that is selling for $10k. It's a recipe for disaster in my opinion.
yup. I just changed my oil because it was 6 months old. I only did about 1600 miles, but it's either short trips because i live less than a half mile from work, or its towing or dirt road driving. Better safe than sorry. And an oil change is like $30.
Oak just reminds me of mobile homes and the 80's. Walnut, Maple, and Cherry are my go to's. I really want to work with Madrone too because we have a lot, but i also don't want to sharpen my blades every day.
Atleast you didn't get canned.
[Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/pgWPNs4.jpg) [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/AVMRprH.jpg) Construction pics, but gives a general idea. The roost up above is not insulated, and the rafters are open under the metal roof for ventilation. Everything is closed in with hardware cloth. In the summer i leave all the vents and the sliding door above the ramp open. In the winter i block off all the vents but one half of one on each the upper and lower side with styrofoam board and close the ramp door at night. I use a heat lamp and they will lay year-round. Without one they quit laying in the cold months.
What you want is called a suspension seat.
Surging is most likely a dirty throttle body. But the low oil pressure has me worried. Have the pressure checked with a mechanical gauge, and replace the oil pump if needed.
aye, but if it's really for a dune buggy, you want a suspension seat with harness points. You can always stab a set of stock seats and seat covers on, but that won't help you much on hard bumps or jumps.
Basically the idea behind that "test" is that you allow a giant hole in your exhaust to bypass a plugged cat. So yeah, you will have to remove it all the way. It will also sound like hell, and possibly shoot flames towards the cab of your car.
thats for splicing 2 wires together, it's not going to help you. Just crimp on a new connector that is the same as the old one.
aftermarket normal cats are $200. Aftermarket california cats are double. Welcome to california. If that's an OEM Cali cat, that is a great deal.
Rent a backhoe, or use potassium nitrate to burn them out. Just don't make a oklahoma city bomb out of it. Dissolve the nitrate in water into the stump.
it's basically fertilizer, so it shouldn't be an issue with livestock. Plus you will burn it up anyways.
