Because they want the being the exception privilege.
This is the quality of men that crop up from our shitty society. Kick him out and don't let him back until he becomes a man.
I think they are beneficial. The current porn is a passive experience, while robots or VR is a active experience as it has **feedback**. As a simulation VR and robots are closer to the real thing then porn so it can have some instructional value. They will never match the real thing so I don't see the problem of things getting worse then they already are. Porn already has the function to release the large lust men have so I don't see things changing much. Most people do not know how to have interesting sex so a having a way to experiment and carry out fantasies I see as beneficial. It is ultimately up to the quality of the software not the hardware that will make the difference. Of course lots of people will get addicted and shun the real thing, but that is already the case. Women still can give the better deal and compete.
Not even knowing you can make IP servers.
Insecurity means a feeling of the absence of security. Which is true because men have no systems in place that insures them. Insecurity is used for shaming as being paranoid so that can get away with exploiting you. If you want to be more secure you should prepare yourself and analyze the situation, which is what they don't want.
&gt; The fear of losing progress, missing events or wasting time or/and resources, prevents certain players wanting to explore the options themself and rather look up a guide. You pretty much answered your question. Minimize this, present good in-game information, make the challenges self contained, for 100% completing make it require multiple playthorughs that are mutually exclusive from the start so there is no overlap optimization, randomize. That said the cat is out of the bag and is never going back, wiki's are a crutch for some people but I don't think you should care about them that much. Just make an enjoyable game that has everything you need in the game not outside it.
The true revolution will come when they manage to ship a 60$ 2D game.
It's interchangeable. AAA development was never anything other then that.
Themeing wise the occult,paranormal,secret society, dark side of the world or mafia underworld has been done in other media and works pretty well. It's still fantasy but its modern fantasy. Or you can go with more tactical games ala Silent Storm. God that needs a remake with modding support.
&gt; In fact, I can only really see three possible themes that would similarly pull the action away from "mundanes" and allow for the kind of combat expected from RPGs without introducing a serious supernatural element: gang wars (or police as the other side), military, and spy-fi; even then, the interaction is likely going to be isolated to the criminal/military/spy world and again - away from the "mundanes". What is wrong with that? Even with supernatural elements it would still be interesting.
Games that have a neutral spin on gods are usually philosophical in nature like Planescape Torment. Also games that have evil and humanity as a force and have the theme of the hero's journey can usually have a positive spiritual message like the first Star Wars KOTOR. A good RPG with an interesting mythology is [Septerra Core](https://youtu.be/mL7RfFPw2ow?t=49s). While not being exactly pro religious it is pro spirituality and the God of that world is good. An interesting and largely overlooked game. It is a shame that not more games follow that level of world-building anymore.
As a game designer the subreddit is fine. You should always remember that 90% of all content is trash so you should just ignore it. More draconian rules will not solve the issue and just make things go downhill with censorship happy mods. If you have a problem with the articles just downvote. If you are an expert in skim reading you won't even need the downvote and just ignore.
So that's why you are writing an article about it?
&gt; You realize that games like The Witcher are also AAA titles, right? No. CD Projek is a pretty different studio compared to western triple A studios under the big publishers thumb. Besides its not like The Witche doesn't look gorgeous and has a ton of tech sunk in, it's just that is not the only thing it has going for it.
&gt; What defines AAA then? It seems like this is just moving the goal posts so that you can continue to shit on devs you don't like. You are absolutely right. Those devs are shit. Why should I compare them to good devs?
Make rectangles. After you have a solid design for units then you can add graphics and animation.
This guys were never Indie. An Indie is always hungry for money. With 2 billion dollars I can fund a studio to make games for the rest of my life. The only thing about this that pisses me of is the employes at Mojang were too stupid to negotiate a fatter check.
There is no clear true format. You just want to explain about the concept as much as you can and get into the technical details if possible. It's best to use lots of examples and visualizations as they are universally understood. After that just have a chat and let him ask questions. He knows better then you what parts aren't clear to him. You then need to verify his knowledge. Ask him about how he would implement the feature you requested. You don't have to go into the details as both you and him need to be flexible in the design. What you are looking for is misconceptions he might have so ask with that thing in mind. Ultimately interaction and time between you two will produce a format both of you are more comfortable with. Try to experiment a bit to see what works.
Then Visual Novels is not for you puny mortal mind to comprehend. I find Visual Novels very immersive as not only does it give you access to a characters thoughts like in a first person book but you also have access to his eyes. It like being a spirit possessing a character. One big problem with books is that a scene is not always clear, details get lost when you skim the text and the image becomes vague. In Visual Novels the scenes are always clear and can have visual cues and even effects that emphasizes a particular scene. Having some redundancy is not that big of a deal, especially if you skim the text.
You are underestimating the power of marketing. In marketing any rule can be broken and they can sell you basically nothing at a astronomical price. It is all about perception. DLC is not DLC by users simply not believing its DLC but something ***special***. The reason why western game publishers can't get away with it is because they are not creative enough to get way with it. They have the subtlety of a monster truck. Japanese companies can be very scary with the amount of bullshit they can sell. They are like mind flayers.
He can read it for himself. It's not like the hate I get in the comments section of the article is subtle. Of course you can always follow the hive mind and never have a thought of your own.
Is nipples that big of a deal?
Since when is the French a bastion of free speech?
Both programming and art is viable. You just have to play to your strengths. There are plenty of engines and game maker stuff to help you along. A scripting language isn't that hard to learn on your own. What you shouldn't go with is any pure game design, game design universities sounds kinda sketchy to me.
&gt; game design itself, you can learn online or in a book All the good game design pretty much IS in book form. I do not see what kind of university curriculum would help with game design.
&gt; Traditional gender roles infantilize women and basically excuse them to be completely emotionalistic, irrational and often freeloaders. Where as modern feminism doesn't?
Creativity resides somewhere in the middle. In a sense the "versus" does not exist. It is essential to have lots of background information in your mind and your subconscious will merge and combine all this information into creativity. You are also thinking too much imagining individual topics. After reading 100 articles can you honestly say that they don't pop up all the time in your design? Maybe they don't have the right timing or context yet. So read as much as you want, experiment as much as you want and don't worry too much. Whatever you do you aren't missing out as everything you do is experience.
We would be the first to the hype. Isn't that what we are doing with Crowfall? Or basically any news of a sandbox MMO? We aren't missing shit unfortunately.
All the F2P mobile games are exploitative and that is the reason they are profitable. Just ditch the F2P, go with a straight buy or a shreware model with gated content. Also never make mobile games again as the userbase is full of garbage.
If you want to earn the Darwin award. There is no reason why you should take the risk on yourself. At best you can call the police.
Sluts are able to get married to betas easily enough. They are not wrong in a sense. What they do not understand is that experience will absolutely affect them in their marriage.
&gt;citing plans it announced in April to cut its research and administrative budget by $300 million this year. *AMD approves this message and wishes Intel good luck on its new 300 million diversity initiative.*
Morally they are both stupid and not at fault. Law wise its her word versus his. Its things like this that makes me think rape law is unsalvageable. It will either prefer one sex or the other not matter how the law is changed with innocents getting caught on either side, either by false allegations or dismissal of real victims.
Does that mean leadership is testosterone driven?
The anonymity, culture and anti-political correctness is a breath of fresh air compared to the reddit hivemind. The downside is its full of racists.
&gt;Men without a woman in their lives will inevitably stagnate into League of Legends-obsessed NEETS (No Education, Experience or Training). That makes no sense as by definition they would need a dependency which most likely is the mother. From what I have seen its when boys don't have good male role models they become neet. &gt;Men can't take care of children. That may be the case for the first 8 years but after that they require a father to continue there development and be made ready for the world. The mother does no do that which why you get higher crime statistics from single mothers. It is foolish to think the absence of the father has no impact. Now that I think about it a switching of custody based on the years of that child can be really good and to some extent make sense for child support.
I am a bit concerned as some projects do fail for various reasons and should be able to as its the whole point of Kickstarter to mitigate risk. Its good that blatant abuse is punished but I don't want all developers to have a legal bomb on their mind the whole time. It think its all about intent and intent can be kinda sketchy legally.
Or like /r/conspiracy would say "suicided" I have no doubt the cia has infiltrated or outright own all the major portals of information. Face-book is an old joke in conspiracy and intelligence communities.
It applies only to ads? This makes sense actually.
Its not that complicated. In MMORPGs have two factors that complicate things. Network code and content. The game has to be designed to support large amounts of players simultaneously. How solid the network is and how you breaks things down is important. A game like Vindictus can be easy to support network wise.(although how many might consider it a MMO depends) Content is mostly a solved problem if you build the game around the sandbox rather then themepark. Also nobody said you can't have procedural generation in a MMO.
What i got from [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1R1AlwB0FvY).
Without increasing manufacturing you aren't going to achieve much. An intelligent and informed person at best will be able to improve steel quality if he has the right knowledge. Even if you have specialized knowledge you wouldn't be able to translate it that well through medieval means. The best advantage is simple knowing what is achievable and having a modern mentality. The scientific method,list of advantage and disadvantage, Assembly line batching. The problems like paper, cloth, food preservation, information flow, energy,research and education represent and know that it is the major limits of that world stopping progress. The most devastating you could be with modern knowledge would probably be thorough chemistry and biology for WW1 like weapons of mass destruction if your protagonist is a complete psychopath and irredeemably evil by all definitions. With better steel and some oil you can motorize stuff as well as other machines.
They are a sham anyway so why not? That's their only purpose.
No sky reflections = boring
Zombies were always overrated. Skeletons are always so much better.
That implies that it can tell somehow difference between obstacles. A dog, a small child or a solid immoveable object, there is no difference between them for an AI.
Can you handle logic? Construct and Multimedia Fusion is based entirely on logical blocks. They also have good examples of successful games so you shouldn't be embarrassed on using them. There probably are some other engines like that and I'm sure there is a flowchart based one around. Actually the Blender Game Engine(the one from the free 3d modeling app) was also based on logical blocks with a Node editor if I remember correctly.
It's not even about that. There are plenty of engines that are even free and Indie developers have had an explosion of tools available.
You read **everything** from [Sirlin](http://www.sirlin.net/article-archive/). Balancing asymmetric gameplay isn't going to be easy, its a grueling process that needs lots of testing and iteration to get it to work. Try to see how other people did it and start with that as a the base.
*Kick***starter** It is the **starting point**, not the **end**. The actual funds to make a game are generally orders of magnitude higher than can be gotten by only kickstarter for a truly polished and fully developed big game. There are a couple of angles to this: --1) A studio without any other investments means their success translate directly into their profits and their IP are completely their own. This is a direct relationship between customers and developers which is good. --2) A studio that gets a publisher after the kickstarter and some time of development passed means they are in a better position to negotiate, with a publisher you expect to have more funds available and watch your back in case there is any mistakes and have a gigantic marketing engine at their disposal. It also increases the overall project development time which might not be good for the impatient but good overall for the quality and polish of the project. We have all seen the problems with the big kickstarter projects almost but not quite reaching their full potential(except Double Fine which was simply a botched job). Especially if you look at their expansion packs. You need time to test and refine mechanics as well as rewrite and edit text and redo levels. Wasteland 2's mixed results I believe about 50% of its quality was lost mainly because of development time. Things have gone cheaper but in the past a project of the same size would have had a magnitude more in development funds and it shows. --3) A studio that has a publisher already. At first this looks like its a marketing scheme and it *pretty much is* with publishers looking to gauge interest in a project and basically get what amounts some guaranteed pre-orders. **Nevertheless** it has some pretty **huge** implications. Publishers and investors are not a bad thing, **every other medium has publishers** and work well together with creators(except music) so its not a bad thing in itself. The problem resides in the **current form** of the game industry and its biggest faults. Budget and demographics. Right now publishers and their big AAA studios only target a specific although large demographic at the exclusion of everything else and implement absolutely astronomical budgets in its pursuit and maximum exploitation to recoup the cost. This is a fool's errant and they have to change. This type of Kickstarters are the first step in the evolution of publisher more towards a Hollywood model. The problem with publishers is the reason Kickstarter was born and was so successful so finally they got the memo and are starting to change. Although publishers using kickstarter seems kind of clumsy, and it is, it is a big step twoards the future. --4) **Now on to some not so nice implications**. The pool of Kickstarter money is limited and all this three instances are very much in competition. It is a zero sum game. Publishers have a possibility to drown the system in marketing and still fail in understanding demographics and budgets which can crash the system. Also while big projects would be advantaged from publishers/investors smaller scoped projects are about right on target for budget and development. FTL with its budget was pretty much spot on and realized its potential. So shrinking the amount of pie they have would be a loss. Since publishers do not care much about the money generated from kickstarter and only care about the interest it would be better to have a separate system and leave the money pie to those who need it. I think games having a in game questionnaire after they finish a game with statistics to gauge interest on different kind of projects would be much more efficient. Similar to how Shonnen Jump manga in japan does it that has monthly questioners in their magazines.
Its racist to demonkin.
I have some thoughts on [permadeath](http://www.reddit.com/r/MMORPG/comments/3a1zxg/monday_mechanics_weekly_discussion_death_penalties/cs8lx89)
&gt; only perma die after 99 deaths That is a stupid implementation. While my implementation is based on a similar idea, you always want to kill the player early at the start to get him used to the concept. Have only a few lives (2-3) at the start with a few more unlocked as he progresses and levels up to a total maximum for a character(10-15) 99 lives will frustrate the player as the number keeps going down that makes him not want to play the game. Besides 99 lives will ensure that the economy is completely fucked only caring about high end gear when the low and mid tier economy is the most important since people aren't restarting which what should be encouraged. Once a player dies its pretty much game uninstalled. You want the population to be at around mid levels and most of the end game to be an endless pursuit that is never reached.
**The World** I think a limited organically grown world based on the player population. I also think areas should have a local power distribution so that there is both difficult and easy areas inside a player population cluster that has trade between other clusters in the world each with their own unique resources to facilitate trade. **Quests** I don't like any quest, have solid social player dynamics instead inspired by RPG gamebooks(Vampire the Masquerade) **Goals** Again have RPG could be a great inspiration like the Burning Wheel lifepath system giving some context to the character when the player starts and having some relationships with the other players and organizations in the world. Have a flexible system the player can use to set and update his goals **that are achievable** in-game as actual results. He should be able to set whatever goal he wants but achieving them is up to him and have those achievements part of his history(a profile anyone can see). Like for example when the player makes the character he has as a backstory of an evil guild that killed his family when he was young and now he wants to take revenge. The guild is a real guild in the world run by players and the character has some conditions he has to achieve to destroy the guild. The guild's destruction is not only part of that character's history but also part of the history of that guild and the players in that guild.
Recipes should be known or locked by classes or achievements. The **results** and crafting resources should be what makes crafters unique and have per account algorithms that vary the outcomes. I love the idea of algorithms that generate surfaces with maximas and minimas for crafting.
&gt;There are tons of well crafted and interesting dungeons in tera. Unfortunately there is almost no reason to ever run most of them, because they're behind on the treadmill: they're both too easy because current starter gear is too good for them, and they offer no current rewards. at any given time there is a pool of maybe 3-5 dungeons that are "worth" running. This could be solves with a crafting system that requires loot from those dungeon creatures loot.
&gt; SOE learned a costly lesson. Don't underestimate SOE ability to not learn anything.
&gt; But if you want an 100% randomly generated dungeon, you're gonna have a bad time. It's not impossible to make a good procedural dungeon. It's all about the structure that gets generated by the algorithm. That structure can have good or bad design.
And of course the other side of the story is the continuous pursuit of Orwellian thought police society. &gt;Rational public policy, including policies that allow reasonable restraints on gun access, simply isn't possible without an informed, engaged, and rationally thinking public. OR NOT. Any person with a few brain cells left and has even the minimum of knowledge of history knows that is a bad idea. Yes the problems we face are real and should be solved, including institutional racism, but every fucking news journal seems to have an **emotional knee jerk reaction** to more gun control! **How the fuck is that rational?** I am from /r/conspiracy. I think for myself. I am not part of the hive mind. Don't tell me what to think. If you have an issue **debate** it publicly.
Every form of media is compromised, including all conspiracy sites. A diffrent narrative is sold at every level. People cannot wrap around the idea of funding groups that oust the shadow government but if you want true control this is exactly what you have to do. If you can marginalize a group and the information doesn't enter mass public consciousness it doesn't matter that that group knows **some** truth.
Not an american.
Infowars is not a bad source, just a compromised one. You have to sort through the bullshit for the small nugget of truth in all of them. I am not sure about how Rand Paul wants to achieve but Ron Paul was visited by the spooks and gave up. If Rand Paul ever has a chance at the presidency don't expect to much from him as he isn't going to grill them too hard. He would still be a better then any other candidate as he would not be a complete puppet and a have a semblance of resistance.
&gt; 1: You need millions of dollars &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; 2: you need a team that has an enormous amount of experience &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; 3: You're taking every niche from every game and putting them all together in one game. You shouldn't take it seriously as a real project.
All those things is better in another game not a MMO. Besides I am not saying traveling has to be boring. I am saying **it must not** be boring. Traveling is a **problem** that has to be **resolved**.
What wrong with reading about interesting ideas and imagining what could be possible?
On the good side feminism will be wiped from the face of the earth. On the bad side it will be replaced with muslims. Karma is a bitch.
In modern military shooters the health isn't visible. You take some hits and then have to hide in a corner and have to wait some time after which you are at perfect health again. Any amount of health you lose is temporary only if you live or die matters in the end. So its binary, live or die.
The project doesn't have a chance to be developed/funded but if it did you can imagine it. I am not sure why you think they are mutually exclusive. Besides the industry will inevitability go to Sandbox MMOs so thinking about this and see what kind of problems will crop up like for example the traveling problem.
Yes but things like budgets and development is not relevant to the discussion. I also have my problems with it.
I don't think the concept of End-Game content will last for much longer. I think it will be replaced with infinite possible progress. The reason it is a problem is because you have to be even in levels to stand a chance against character of that same power level. If asymmetric power would be handled better. For example say we have a level 1 character with 100 health and can always do at least 10 attack damage. Then a level 1000 which would be practically impossible to reach with 10.000 health if he fights 100 x level 1 characters he could be defeated. It is a 'massively' multiplayer game so why not bring an army into a sword fight? Have more reasonable power differentials for stats and problems solve themselves. The 'challenge' of a dungeon could be infinitely scalable and would just be the sum of all the level of the characters expected to go through it.
There is no reason why a caravan can't let any number of players join. They would be great cannon fodder at the least.
A better example is Hatred. A mediocre game ridding the "controversy" clickbait articles.
/s
Its completely different controls that don't lend themselves well to most games.
&gt; who should not be given a seat at the grown up table in this dialogue. I rest my case. Do not agree with someone? Infantilize him. Even fucking Satan has the right to speech.
&gt; I'm willing to bet that it's safe to say that most of the people police killed earned it and deserved it This is what you believe.
The games design creative process is based on two things. The amount of conceptual knowledge you have and time. Its good to design in parallel multiple **types**(genres) of games that way you maximize or your potential conceptual knowledge you already have as well has find relationships and insights that create other conceptual knowledge. Its pretty much like an engine that can go in perpetuity. Time is used to digest this information optimize the design and generate the relationships. The creative process not a fast process and it needs time to build up. The fact that your stuck means you hit a bottleneck in conceptual knowledge, what you need is to get more knowledge. I have always argued to specialize to a specific genre and learn absolutely everything about it. This would give you great frame of reference as the conceptual knowledge would be almost complete in that domain so you are not limited by that. This at least how I see things. I have never had a creative block.
How would it handle things like CP? No users will use that website if it can't remove that no matter how good it sounds.
and goat
More like the Steam Refund effect. Lets be serious WB would give no fucks if there was no working refund system. Remember Unity and Aliens Colonial Marines? They didn't care and now they do.
..to the expert players that now know your exact location.
&gt; Flavor seems to boil down to game-feel. No it isn't.
Go where? Voat is almost the same as reddit and it basically has no infrastructure. Remember that reddit had at least a competent infrastructure and the numbers weren't so high back in digg's day.
Voting, moderators, admins. Once its infiltrated by the spooks it can be easily made to function the same. Sure it looks new and hasn't been infiltrated yet but that doesn't mean its not going to once it gets popular.
&gt; I'm not sure I agree with MtG being the only tcg that needs flavor. Its on a case be case basis where MtG really needs it because of the combinations. In general you can say tcg needs it but not all games. &gt;I was being a little hyperbolic with the Halo and Call of Duty example. I was just trying to communicate that each used a particular set of aesthetics to communicate similar gameplay in different settings. However, from the way I phrased that section, I can understand you getting the impression that I meant they were 100% the same barring aesthetics. I didn't even read that section. My examples were more hypothetical. Think more in lines of Call of Duty and Medal of Honor series(if you are wandering what Medal of Honor series? That is my point).
Gintama is one good long running series that isn't mainstream shonnen battles although there is some arcs with more action the comedy is always there.
The youth in america is dead and with it goes any effective protest. The youth is the same that supports feminism and other policies that castrate themselves.
Just fund an existing studio as a venture capitalist.
This is already the case where men have castrated themselves in society. Which why society is so fucked right now.
It's not misguided if you understand it. They key is the understanding the mental model of a female. It is not something that can be explained with words.
The simple rule of online dating is don't use online dating. It has absolutely no value.
Because cuckolding is an **abomination** to any male who isn't castrated(brainwashed). It is an instinctual reaction of disgust a lesson learned and engrined over a millennia of years.
&gt; Getting someone to admit they're a TRPer would be impossible. Speak for yourself not for me. I don't give a shit about petty "Fight Club Rules" melodrama.
#[You start here.](http://www.reddit.com/r/gamedesign/comments/33h8ql/how_do_you_guys_design_games_whats_actually_going/cql9ffk) ####In addendum to it: http://gdcvault.com/play/1012306/Designing-Assassin-s-Creed It shows the "game design" process for Ubisoft which I like to call disaster driven development because there is little prototyping and its is at the very edge of disaster. What you have to understand from it is that **it still works somehow** and shows that prototyping is overrated so don't be afraid to be more theoretical initially. Have the core pillars solid and you can experiment and fail in the other parts. Understanding this is especially good when you want to create something ambitious and completely revolutionary. Like procedural stories(which I'm doing). Jonathan Blow's design process. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OGSeLSmOALU
&gt;Q - What things would you let me practice being a noobie Level design, character design, writing, art are pretty different things then game design with their own requirements, for game design this is the domain of game mechanics, systems of feedback and learning. For game design and nothing else what you **absolutely need** is a game design binder, a notebook or a tool to keep track of your concepts,patterns and analysis of other games(I use Workflowy). Create as many game projects as you can and add your thoughts imagine how they work and collect ideas for them. Do not worry about what mechanics work or don't work, you do not even have to prototype. What you are looking for is to have the greatest possibility space for solutions. Have the chaos through which creativity is born. The impatient that go straight to prototyping and iteration do not have a solid foundation and are going in blind. However prototyping is still great so the best tools for it is the pieces and parts for tabletops like dice, cards, chess, tokens and so on. I wish there was a good prototyping tool. I think the best one right now is that 3d tabletop game that is usually use on streams but I haven't tested it. &gt;Q - What things would you let me practice being a noobie The practice of a game designer is not prototyping but game analysis. Prototyping is verification but before you can do that you have to have something to verify. It is pointless to do prototyping if you have very little conceptual knowledge to verify. Its pointless to find the conceptual knowledge yourself by trial and error as there are other sources more easily accessible that did that for you. That is why you analyze games before you prototype and iterate. An example when I start my day I always have the workflowy page at the start in my browser. When I watch or read an article I summarize it and add my thoughts to workflowy. When I watch a Let's Play of a game(especially by expert players) I add my thoughts on it. When I get an idea for a game I write it there and see what kind of games are similar to it and collect ideas from other games that would work with it. And so on... Prototyping is done only when I take an idea seriously, otherwise random musings are fine. Also since prototyping is verification its important to be as through in writing the prototyping report, the context, why it works, why it doesn't. Just because it does not work in that particular instance does not mean it will never work in all cases. Verification is a dangerous tool that can be abused. &gt;Q - What books should I read? The wiki has some recommendations. I also have my own [game design noob to pro recomendations](http://www.reddit.com/r/gamedesign/comments/33h8ql/how_do_you_guys_design_games_whats_actually_going/cql9ffk).
&gt; Going back from the great Italian artists of the 16th century to classical composers - whether now or in the 18th century - or even modern abstract painters, the artists have paid their living expenses through commissions, teaching, wealthy donors, and often through a non-anon-artistic job on the side. Speaking of which Patrons then, Patreon now. You want this artsy crap? Make it work with patreon.
Still waiting for a sequel for Flotilla. It's one of the most perfect representation of space combat.
&gt; It's the people using and abusing Patreon's system who are. There is no problem with patreon. Dumb people are just departed of their cash. Dumb people are not an actual market with any worth so don't expect them to fund worthwhile projects. If they did they wouldn't be dumb. We shouldn't envy successful SJW bankrolled by dumb people, their cash pie is also limited, we have our own legitimate market on patreon.
&gt; I feel that this is a pattern that will continue to repeat itself over time. Doubt it. It may happen to neutrals like its is in this case that are reasonable and once they see through the narrative. But aGG is a cult, an ideology so those who have an agenda to push cannot be expected to be reasonable. They do not see through the narrative **they are** the narrative.
Both are facists fucks.
Cuckolding however is an instinctual warning. You are using " proximal outcome" as an excuse to ignore it which is not the case. Like I said there is no proximals and distals. Yes sexual gratification is more active but that's about it. Sexual gratification is a biological mechanism that is highly specialized which is why its so effective.
Expanding earth. Mainstream science has completely lost its mind. If you look at the oceanic maps IT CANNOT BE ARGUED ANY OTHER WAY. It maps 1:1 with earth inflation. https://youtu.be/oJfBSc6e7QQ?t=3m8s EDIT: Downvote me all you want you stupid fucks but you cannot argue with me.
You just don't get it. You are all smart people, that is why I have hope, this is why I try, this why I am here, this is why I even bother. But you are naive, you are just too gullible. People call conspiracy theorists paranoiacs but people don't realize that paranoia and naivete is on a sliding scale. People like to create a stereotype of conspiracy theorists, people like to create a mental picture of a whole world and how it functions but the problem with that is they don't think to deeply about things. You like science right? You like to read about science articles? You like to read about interesting things that are true? It's why you are in this subreddit. But you are not a scientist, you do not verify your information, you do not look out what is really out there, you are not curious, you do not see things for yourself, the biggest sin of all. This why they can lie to you, who you say? Anyone, politicians, conman, businessmen, your neighbor, your wife. Everyone can use a fool to do their bidding, that is basic self interest. And I am tired of seeing only fools wherever I look.
There was a moment in time when Ron Paul's campaign got silent and we never heard anything about it again.
It depends on the instrument you are using.
I am seeing a revitalization of the single player fps genre and it all comes down to one thing. The health mechanics. Regenerating health gives too much into cover shooting pop a mole situation and old fps was all about dodging,shooting and moving to collect stuff. Wolfenstien, Shadow Warrior and Doom are paving the way of a new generation of fps.
#[You start here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/gamedesign/comments/33h8ql/how_do_you_guys_design_games_whats_actually_going/cql9ffk) Before you can do anything you first need a foundation.
Everyone hates the moderates. Which is why MRAs should have wised up by now and declare outright war on feminism. It is a tragedy that this is not the case.
The computer explodes in a sea of flames. The NPC still demands food. Now you have to make food from scratch yourself. There is no easy way for game design. Gameplay, challenge and difficulty is interlinked. Without skills to be learned and challenges to be overcome you can have no **play**. For play is the process of acquiring those achievements. That said what you can do with a concept can be anything. You can have your Cooking Mama. You can have your Infinifactory/Factorio automation of the food making process. You can have your one off adventure puzzle that might not even make a lot of sense. Whatever the case only you know what skills are to be tested and what is appropriate for your game.
In addition to what has been said. Tower Defense, Sandbox Simulators(Gary's mod,TerraTech,Besigied etc.), Princes Maker, SRPG(to be fair they are pretty old japanese games but the west does not know much about them), Space Station 13(lots of potential here), Dungeon Keeper clones(we need moar!), Visual Novel Online(cooperative storytelling game, there was another example that looked like RPG maker but I can't remember the name). Lots of things from the aboved mentioned aren't explored much so they lots of potential to be discovered. As for completely new stuff that would be a Fantasy World Simulator that creates procedural stories meant to immerse you indefinitely in a world. Something like a current RPG fused with a sandbox sim. There has been some hints on how that works from games like Dwarf Fortress, Minecraft, The Sims, Elona and the Space Sims/4X/Trading genre. I believe that would be the next big thing. &gt;Beyond that, the majority of 'new games' are at most sub genres. I'd also say that Destiny, The Division and the upcoming Rare pirate game (Sea of Thieves) are perhaps on the verge of creating some kind of shared-world persistent semi-MMO, but realistically I don't think the differences (which are mostly instance size) are big enough to warrant a genre separation. Meh. I wouldn't^^*(edited)* say that is a genre. It more playing with persistence like how modern shooters have "RPG elements" and "unlocks". A real genre like that would be what I like to call [Server Shard Multipleyer](https://www.reddit.com/r/truegaming/comments/2mzyjw/server_shard_multilayer_sandbox_game/) or the SS13 clones. Where a single server has interesting interaction, goals and end for players outside of just competitive combat.
Crendor is going to win because that games thrives on chaos.
In this type of games its not so much the end game that is the problem as is the start. With this games you should start with a project in mind and when that project is reasonably done that is your end.
In most game it is to handle bigger challenges along the way and to finally **end the game**. In sandbox/open world type games with level scaling I think its just **broken** outright. Most games don't handle Power properly, even in games like Diablo 3 where the challenge is concrete it all becomes about the build and the combat gets actually simpler.
They are not the game designers, I am. With proper communication and prototypes you can achieve much more then a worthless document.
Its some Animu shit. It's supposed to be roleplay like in a role-playing forum with VN sprites and shit but they aren't any RP servers from what I found, just meaningless chat like you find in an irc. Kinda disappointing but I like the concept, you can find more [here](http://visualnovelonline.com/). There was a better 2D multiplayer game kinda like a RPG Maker game where one players controls all the world, NPC and stuff and another "plays" the story the GM sets up. But I can't remember the name.
It's interesting that TB has always been liberal. **COINCIDENCE?! I THINK NOT!** Its clear that TB is the embodiment of liberalism so he can never fascist.
**Spoiler Alert!** Elon Musk is a confirmed agent. Check out his bio on Wikipedia and his involvement with various companies. It doesn't make sense.
That's what happens when people don't learn from history. X3:Reunion was an even bigger abomination and it took until Terran Conflict to shape up properly. Comparatively X Rebirth had it easy. Don't go into X games if you aren't for the long haul, they have always been Early Access before Early Access was a thing.
&gt; They don't get that too much is wrong with the foundation of the game Do you have any idea what an even BIGGER disaster it would have been if they tried to have multiple ships? X Rebirth is all about the foundation, laying the groundwork for future releases. X Rebirth had a good scope when you think about how much they revamped. The needed one release to properly digest all the changes and find what works and what doesn't. No it is not a new Terran Conflict/Albion Prelude but with fancier graphics, you already have that so play that. Yes a new game will be much better and probably have all the things you want, but Rebirth had to have happened first, it was an experiment and an evolution, it wasn't meaningless.
You do know that mouse and keyboard at 60fps is gg no re to everyone else? It would not be much difference between Nintendo, Xbox and Playstation so the COULD work together but those companies would rather die then work together.
Is your character by any chance heavy and moves like a snail? If I want to keep my character light the weight is an issue as health items have a fair bit of weight,especially if you have stamina boosters too so you can always run around. I am a female character and pretty early in the game so that might be a factor. &gt;You are choosing to play that way! Actually in this game you can place more intuitive restrictions like you use only what you collect or don't have healing pawns. Dragon's Dogma in actual fact handled things pretty decently, its not perfect and you can exploit it but in my case I had no problem with it. **Also if your OCD absolutely can't let you play as you want so you can have a satisfying experience. YOU CAN MOD IT.** Have a mod that doubles the weight of all curatives and the problem goes away.
This reminds me. This is a console port and I don't think the console version had any hotkeys so you always had to bring up the menu. If you had to interrupt your play you probably wouldn't spam it as much.
&gt; For the main game For the main game you want stamina not health.
You can have more then just "elemental' types. You can have armor that protects against various types to varying degrees. All combat boils down to a more complex Rock Paper Scissors. The players **absolutely** have to have **all options** as the combat would break down if a player for example didn't have Scissors. However they can be better or weaker at others. The same is true for multiple damage types, they need **options** to handle them all. In your case you can have an "Almost Omni Tanked" but with a 1/2/3 weakness or maybe a jack of all trades armor that isn't as good or maybe an invulnerable to specific elements armor. Whatever the case those weakness has to be handled **by player actions** in some way. I always recommend reading [Sirlins](http://www.sirlin.net/article-archive/) stuff when it comes to combat and balance. In my personal case I would ALWAYS have multiple types because **the tactical depth is HUGE** with it. But I know I can handle the tactical and strategic side properly, but that might not work in your case with a PvP MMORPG. This stuff has to be thought from the ground up All of my favorite RPGs with great combat have multiple types. Check The Spirit Engine 1/2 for inspiration.
Nobody will care. If you want yo be effective you would want some kind of protest movement on the ballots. Something like Occupy Wall Street but with voting. [Read this](http://mileswmathis.com/writein.html).
Workflowy([i have to many referrals](https://workflowy.com/invite/1f6e8217.lnx)) works really well for this. Its easy to pop in a new idea and detail it later. Tabletop simulator is a great way to prototype a game concept if you don't have the physical game bits on hand(or the space). I wish there was a tool where you can manipulate data in many ways, preferably half scripting and half excel like. We do have [machinations](http://www.jorisdormans.nl/machinations/) which kind works for some things.
&gt;Is this site totally redundant due to other sites (like TVtropes)? I don't think its redundant as open wiki is better for this and tvtroopes does not go that in depth into things. That said there already is a wiki like this but its not open and the updates are not that frequent. A more active open community wiki would be the best for this. http://129.16.157.67:1337/mediawiki-1.22.0/index.php/Main_Page It goes in-depth but uses some strange academic terms that are not that intuitive. The format and the type of relations with links are great though.
Not true. Patterns are patters, bits and pieces that you can put together. Yes the combination is what adds the meaning to the game **but becoming aware of the pieces** is invaluable to a designer as **you cannot use what you don't have**. How it work with other pieces and examples are also a bonus.
You are overestimating the amount of editors you are going to get. Until you get a good chunk of content done nobody will touch it.
The mega game could work really well in a classroom as long as you are careful with the secrecy and spying stuff. The players would actually be active around the class making alliances,spying and research. Could even be directly related to an aspect of culture so you get bonuses for that. Combat could be like Diplomacy where the turns are simultaneous with the exception that empires can actually have vassals states of other teams ala Crusader Kings so its not that much about backstabbing. What you would need is a map, some tokens to represent units and some cards to represent culture. Maybe you can let the players make the cards and negotiate what kind of bonus they get. Maybe also add some penalties to them to offset them. Also have some resource cards(food,units,horses?,armor?, weapons?,gold) that are given based on which parts of the map you control ala Risk. You could also make yourself some event cards that happen after each turn(or maybe at variable turns). Like plagues,droughts,bonuses to areas. You can also link them to historical events somewhat based on the year. Also check out /r/rpg , /r/boardgames , /r/tabletopgamedesign. With a wiki in hand you can probably scrap up a game with all this things relatively quickly.
What kind of timeframe you have in mind for the game? A one shot 1-2 hour class? A mini session of 15 minutes over multiple classes? That could also be a factor in the design as interaction between players can take time especially between multiple teams like in alliance and stuff. You would want concrete and simple rules if you want to keep things fast. DnD isn't exactly a fast game.
Money. There is no difference between democrats and republicans on the really important issues. They are all corporate whores.
I have no idea what you mean by this. MMO are generally going to action games physical hits solution which is better on all accounts. Or at least active dodging with hinting/marks. It has nothing to do with Randomness.
Don't they mean trademark? Copyright does not work that way.
You are on your own. Either make mods or simple games as that is your CV. If you go to an university then that is your team, your budget and your deadline.
I'm more excited about Jai then about anything else. It's such a strange thing for a program to have actual creativity put in rather then just a list of features to solve some problems.
&gt; In Dark Souls, we don't feel that bosses are damage sponges because we understand that the creatures we fight have some sort of characteristic that makes your weapons do less damage. And also they are giant or encased in armor or undead and you often wonder how you are doing any damage at all. Aesthetics and theme can get you a long way. Dark Souls even isn't that bullet spongy compared to others. This also reminds of reminds me of Doom's pain thresholds for the various demons. Yes the demons have a bit of health to them but that doesn't mean they are unaffected.
You obviously need to buy the zombie DLC pack. Gabe needs all them $$.
I am talking about a legitimate **sellable** indie game.
You didn't get my point. What I meant is a university course that functions basically like a Indie studio.
WoooW.
##Keep going. Accelerate. Make the traits for enemies hidden information. Make the traits affect tactical behavior and give special abilities like for example friendship will protect from damage a fellow creature. In other words synergize between multiple creatures. Have 100 traits,200 traits,300 traits? But you can make some of them binary and dependent on parent traits. Also have a maximum of 20 per character. 10 traits could have ranges that are specialize(weaker,stronger) while the rest of the ranges remaining is default(100%) and the other 10 traits could be those binary traits that are "on". Of course you could mix and match like have 4 specialized ranges with 16 binary or on weaker enemies might have 6 ranges and 5 binaries for a total of 11. Do not expect the player to keep track of them or calculate. What you want is a possibility space explosion that is built around discovery of the enemy. But make sure that the situation is always resolvable, have "weakness traits"(negative ranges?) that the player has to find and exploit and give powerful defensive abilities to the player so that the player has time to sort things out. Every battle should be about experimenting and making intuitive guesses about the enemy and then countering their strategy and exploiting their weakness. Like a CCG be very careful with balance, a trait should be like a card, have an objective measurement on how good it is.
&gt; At what point are there just too many numbers to keep track of? You have tons of different affinities. But because of that you can never really leverage most of them. How many cards are there in Magic:The Gathering or Heartstone? People still play even if there are billions of combinations. They just analyze the current situation and the big strategies and look at their options.
CCG exist and they are similar to what you want. Do not worry to much and just prototype. If it works or not only there will you find out.
In a Persona game don't you have lots of monsters to select from like in Pokemon? Pokemon itself is a card game in disguise. I agree with you that you need to have a way to build your deck so to speak.
You have 6 cards and they have 6 cards. If you increase it to 10 would it be that impossible to keep track? Not all the traits are active abilities. In a RPG you play one action or have a limit of action points you can use. Its not infinite. Abilities can have cooldowns and conditions. What do you even do in a RPG this days other then spam OP attacks? There is no thinking in RPGs. Traits could generate unique patterns and combinations that needs some though to be handled. Developers don't have the time to make any trash mob encounter interesting so they don't. As long as the player has the time to sort out the situation and things are balanced so that they don't get a no win scenario they should be fine. And even if as you say its impossible, I would rather have it tried as a prototype to see what happens. It's worth a shot.
Don't play with idiots. If you found the reason for your rage, all you need is to fix it. If you are playing to win, then playing with idiots is counterproductive.
Shooters have been stuck in the modern military shooter and gears of war rut for ages. Now shooters are finally unstuck. I have good hopes for the new Shadow Warrior 2, its looks more like a new direction then even DOOM is.
You are right, this is pointless. You cannot even keep the subject of the thread in mind.
&gt; Sure, they should be allowed to spread their hatred without censorship, but now they're attached to GG's image moving forwards. Well fucking done you bumbling chucklefuck cretins. You either make a true statement or you fucking shut up. If you fear to protect the speech of others. Maybe you don't deserve your freedom. What part of "defend to the death your right to frees speech" don't you get?
I defend all speech!! ^(except when it dirties my clothes)
A good designer should always work on the design of multiple projects at once. But you can put them on the backburner so its not something you have to focus all the time. I always have a journal on hand to write my thought whenever inspiration hits. An idea that hasn't matured for 5 years I consider faulty. The great thing that I found is that as you develop your other ideas and write your thoughts, you will sharpen your perspective and get a clearer picture, finding connections between the projects and insights that will affect the design of your main project. I have 10 projects that are designed in parallel and 6 are so tied together that they could be considered an "overgame". Although I am a bit of a simulationist autist so that might be the reason they are so tied together.
That's because it was made by Microsoft and not Valve.
&gt;Actively attempting work on 6 to 10 projects is a failure. You don't have to focus on them. Which is the part you are misunderstanding. I haven't even done much other then some simple toy prototyping and writing. You don't have to do much. In fact its best if you don't do much and keep it not defined. Your main project is still your main project and the rest is on the backburner, which is why I say it will take 5 years for them to mature. Here is a video related to this: http://www.gamasutra.com/view/news/231225/Video_Practical_Creativity__A_way_to_invent_new_kinds_of_video_games.php It is essential to take as long as possible time as a design "grows" only when a problem is in an unsolved state. And the only way to make that profitable is to work on them in parallel. If a game idea take took 5 years to design, not even to complete but to "Start" then it would be impossible, that does not put food on the table. You need to **work and finish** something **NOW**. But if you have 10 projects in parallel over 5 years then after you finish your current main project you would be at the "Start" with 10 worthy ideas for the next project.
Can you quantify exactly how much effort would it take just to work on the new project and get it out of your system? Would you work on it tomorrow? For a week? Do you think you will endlessly come up with ideas? How many ideas and prototypes would you come up with in a month? 3? 10? 20? 50? How about next month? What would you think would happen if you do pursue? Lets say you have the budget for a year of vacation time for endless musings, what would happen?
&gt; The applicant that was a mother was rated less competent, less committed, less suitable for hire, and deserving of lower salaries. Big question there. Would a new mother be more preoccupied with her child or less preoccupied with her child? Even if people are have the same job with the same wage do not necessarily have the same efficiency. And once you present a real factor that affects that efficiency why should that not be accounted into the wage? Sure social policies are all well and good that help mothers but we are talking about economics and economics are ruthless.
I am talking about MoH:Warfighter.
Speed of light.
Spoilers: You are in a echo chamber. Don't believe me? Just mentions GMO and Big Pharma is shit. The shills will just crawl out of the woodwork to create the consensus at the mention of those keywords.
As longs as animals have brains they will play. Games require only one thing, **challenge**, a test of your skills, a problem to be solved. The brain is a well oiled machine that adapts and thrives in any environment that is not completely random. The brain develop that way because it proved to be an evolutionary advantage. So for humans using their brains is the biologically rewarded state.
ALL conspiracy sites are infiltrated!! We are the only thing that could be considered resembling even a sliver of resistance. Of course they will pay special attention to us, they pride themselves with their intricate schemes to fool us. In other words we are an **explicit** and **only** opponent to them.
It doesn't matter where you go, so you might as well make the best of it.
You are not middle class. You are a slave. Your masters have slowly boiled the frog.
TRP is just the blueprint to the female mind. The blueprint can be interpreted in different ways and adopted into many strategies, moral or immoral. If you do not believe in the blueprint then you are not TRP, simple as that.
&gt; The middle ground is harder to walk That is if it exists at all. You miss the big point. In the past men controlled the guillotine. Throw the woman out with no support. Which is why they carefully negotiated a contract, marriage, and if you follow the rules both parties would be happy. Don't and you would suffer grim consequences. There was never a time for the whims of women. Without incentive, a reason to make it work all you get is flimsy whims. If all you have is a hammer and the saw is broken, then you better hammer those nails.
&gt; they wouldn't have evolved. They didn't, marriage did. And the consequences were pretty severe. Eternal damnation, torture, death, financial ruin. If you look at the early development of "relationships" its a pretty gruesome picture. Lets say there are plenty of dead women and babies in the annals of history that didn't quite win at evolution. &gt;she would leave as soon as I started winning. Go **where?**
The majority should not care. Discussion should be done with an enthusiastic volunteers that make the policy. The government should only have the role of a judge that chooses between the policies debated. With this the dumb masses will not care. There would be no parties to make them care. Of course there will always be controversy but the Devil is in the 1001 other policies.
&gt; Still... NAWALT. Heresy!!
A woman's disgust is absolute not relative.
You video tape it. That is the **ONLY** solution. Consent contracts are scraps of paper with no legal weight. They will evaporate just like Pre-nups.
&gt; Somebody needs to be professionally managing things. I wonder who could do that? Its not like there is a person who can sort through massive amounts of data and do billions of calculations.
&gt; ableism Lock them up and throw away the key. &gt;"modern art" So you are going to defend "modern art"?
If we are talking about armor a burka isn't an armor either. As someone who has read about HEMA most armors in games are garbage.
You think beauty isn't power?
If the male power fantasy is using physical strength. Then a woman's power fantasy would be using their beauty to their advantage. You don't see obese ugly women in chick flicks. On the other side an amazon woman is just the male power fantasy again in a female context.
So what would be the alternative? Bulky butch women clad in steel? Is that their fantasy? &gt;But part of what makes DOOM a power fantasy is that its the player saving the world from Hell. Should the Doom Guy be a skinny hipster then? Is that a "positive power fantasy"? &gt; Even if we are to accept the premise that beauty is female power fantasy, which I think is absolutely not true in a game like Torchlight or something, the beauty doesn't just come from a simple sexual attraction it comes from the idea of power through attraction. **More specifically** how would you make the Bayonetta character? Agency wise she is **a complete badass** so that is not the issue. So how would she look? Should she wear a burka? Should she be an amazon? Should she be like Zarya? Should she be in full plate armor that you can't even determine her sex? Should she be like the new Lara Croft? Rey from Star Wars?
Just have to push it a little more then. That way I could wipe you all out.
If someone is interested about this topic: http://www.erasmatazz.com/library/the-mind/history-of-thinking/map.html
It's just a piece of paper, its people beliefs that make it special, at least until you are confronted with the harsh reality that its just a piece of paper.
Have you actually asked what female players think? The ones that actually play games and not scam artists like Anita? You will be surprised. When you view the world through ideology that is not a accurate picture.
Because Quantum Mechanics is a Scam so their papers have to be put under lock and key. Sure a few can have access, a few can just as well be dismissed.
That looks like some bad normal map artifacts.
&gt; but it's usually supplementary rather than a primary food The hunting in hunter-gatherers is meat. The fact that humans spread throught the world in those early times should give you and idea on just about how much hunting we were doing. We did not have a teritory like other animals do, we were hunting the whole world just to keep up with our caloric intake.
&gt; Most hunting is low yield. That's completely retarded. It's high yield but rare. The amount of calories you get from foraging is steady but limited. Not until agriculture you can make it viable.
Calling meat low yield is not evidence, its stupidity.
All your investment is worthless when the content dries up. This not the case with mobas where more investment pays off.
The fact that the whole of humanity does not live there? This might seem like surprising information to you but when you eat a fruit, that fruit disappears, there might be other fruits around, but they also disappear if you eat them. Now its true that fruits can grow again, but its not an instantaneous process! So if you have 100 people living in area eating fruit day by day, it is fine. The area can support it. 1000 people? why not? If the area bearing fruit is spread out large enough you might even have 10.000 people. But 20 thousand? 30? 50? How much do you think that area can support?
&gt;Because the institutional subscriptions that university libraries have to buy are like tens of thousands of dollars. And from where does the money to buy those subscriptions comes from that fund those institutions? It wouldn't happen to be the taxpayers? So why would the government stop little old me if they don't even expect anyone to pay? What do they have to hide? Because its a Scam. They don't want enterprising individuals check their papers, their important scam theories like qunatum mechanics must be under lock and key. If a individual stupid enough to actually pay he can easily be dismissed as a lunatic. They don't have thousands of people breathing down their neck to pressure them.
99.9%
Drugs are profitable, especially since they are black money useful for all things without restriction and accounting.
I don't get it. What are they doing here in a conspiracy sub if they don't understand that the whole show is rigged? Trump,Hillary,Bernie they are all fake people. What do you expect from them?
So what if they are trolls? &gt;arguing in good faith Such a thing doesn't exist in the first place, you argue for your beliefs.
What if tomorrow we live in a corporate dystopia where governments are irrelevant?
Actually I think its more against specific theories like Hollow Earth or Earth Growth(which is absolutely true). In Hollow Earth theory there is a possibility that the Earth and Moon could fusion sun inside its core which has a wide range of implications. Although its a pretty wild theory.
What if the go to another platform and demand to "No platform!" them? And what if they give in? What if there is collusion industry wide? Media wide? Discussing Gamergate wasn't censorship? Free Speech is important because its fucking Free Speech. The enemies of Free Speech and their excuses are many.
It's not a simple problem. You can have a guild that are available at various times. You can make preparations to handle things when not online, like traps and defenses or have contracts/quests with other players to defend your stuff while you are not around. Or you can just poof your assets for a period of time when you are not around. It depends on the game what is suitable. If you can implement a goverment with police and laws that would also be a way.
&gt;He claimed that any game that people find fun is good game design which im pretty sure is wrong while ive always assumed that just because its fun dosent mean its good game design. Actually it is as simple as that. Games are a **challenge** presented to the player to test his **skills**. All game design amounts to is ways to is to make the appropriate tests of skill and give ways for players to improve.
&gt; You're being obtuse and assuming the worst case scenario . We are beyond the worst case scenario here. It's a fucking war here. The area might be gray but the fights are not. They fight to censor we fight to defend speech. Anywhere, anytime, anyday, anyhow.
When evolution stopped. Without a selection force you get this type of specimens.
This is insane. This is worse then thought crime, at least with thought crime you require some evidence.
