Its all connected at this point. Jontron, Gamegrumps, Steven Universe, Gravity Falls... Its forming the ulti-fandom RUN FOR YOUR LIVES!
The President: Dang nabbit not on an election year!
Shhhhhhh! Spoilers!
Nope. No humens allowed.
They started by destroying our greatest superhero... Florida Man.
I'm wondering if it has too to be a living planet. What about Mars or Mercury?
The plot thickens...
Don't worry guys, looks like Hawaii is still safe and sound!
Those are Roses feet you son of a bi- gun.
She may have also forgotten to clear her browser history, but that's a story for another day...
Almost every Telltale game ever.
If I am remembering right one of the plans in Invader Zim involved hollowing out the earth...
Hmmm. Giraffe mom still takes it.
Definitely. Whether its Star Wars or some other fictional universe its always good to know that there is something familiar to go back to every once and awhile. Poor Lucas. His hearts always been in the right place.
Uncanny Valley effect. Even as a kid, Jar-Jar and Grievous just made me feel... weird. The final fight between Grievous and Obi-Wan in particular makes me feel wierd...
Never.
Ugh, it's called Life Day throughout the rest of the galaxy. Get it right, geeze.
They're like Pokemon. BIRDMOM I CHOOSE YOUUUUU!!!
That makes a lot of sense actually... I don't think she ever specifically says she made it, just that everything there was super advanced.
CHAAAAPPPSSS, NO!
So far I get the feeling that Pearls are more like Butlers or personal assistants rather than indentured servants or slaves. I was pretty surprised to see how much personality Yellow Pearl had and I imagine she may have a lot of pride in her role as Yellow Diamonds servant and confidant. Just because you're someone's servant doesn't automatically mean your life is miserable. Butler and personal assistant are high paying career paths for a reason. On that note, Pearl took her service to the next level by taking up arms for Rose like a knight or a samurai. Hmm... Now if I could only tie in Lil'Butler....
Hot damn. I've seen a ton people take the OPM theme and put it over a new background, but yours is handily the best. Kudos man.
I think it's implied that gems have some sort of religion, because of the moon goddess statue and all that business. From looking at it, it seems to be humanoid and is *holding* a gem, rather than having one on its body. I've always had an inkling that the lunar sea spire might have some significance we haven't heard about, or not, who knows. It's also worth noting that MAGIC exists in this universe so literally anything is possible. Maybe they were created by the Sneeple or some other extra-dimensional beings...
Isn't this also the temple where some kind of battle between Rose Quartz and White Diamond is depicted? The statue may be allusion to that or maybe it's all an elaborate tomb? Also, what was their reason for going there again? I can't remember...
I kinda miss the "monster of the week" format they used to have. I mean, the plot-heavy arcs are awesome, but I'm not a fan of the "impending doom" style of motivation to move the plot forward. A little more focus on the alternate timeline human culture would be cool too. I'm really curious about this Empire City... and Ocean town... Keystone Caverns...
Hmmmm. I see what you mean. When I think about it the reason I liked that format it was because I was rewatching it after I had seen the newer episodes. There are so many clues and such in the old episodes that you really start to appreciate when you see the newer ones. For example, you can see Connie's glow bracelet in "Gem Glow," but you wouldn't understand its significance until "Bubble Buddies." The Shooting Star in "Monster Buddies" is used to blow up the galaxy warp in "Winter Forecast." Or the murals we see in "Serious Steven" that become much more significant as the story goes on and we learn about the rebellion. Basically, I like that there are a lot of seemingly trivial things we see in the background of the earlier episodes that turn out to be super important in the later episodes. I miss the feeling of revelation I guess.
Yeah, but when you look at the mural in the moon base you can speculate on which it could be. We know which is Yellow Diamond and Blue Diamond because we've seen them. We can assume that the other one we've seen, the one that is white with spiky hair, is White Diamond, which would then match the one from the Pyramid Temple.
I dunno, I feel like they nailed the neck too.
Dragon Warrior
They don't contribute at all to the main story if that's what you're wondering. Still good reads though. I love the art and it takes me back to when I was younger and used to read all my dad's old comic books. There's not a lot of plot, just the characters from the show in cute/funny situations.
If I remember correctly Blizz wanted to put them in during BC, but decided it was too soon for a new class and waited until WOTLK to give it a try with Death Knights.
Well, from a storytelling standpoint it seems like a convenient way to make Thrall less of an all powerful Mary-Sue character. As for the logical reason, I feel like we don't have enough context. Maybe they're trying to tell Thrall that Garrosh wasn't his fault or that Thrall shouldn't rely so much on their power. Maybe he's just out of mana.
He's out of mana.
Get to at least level 60 and pick up two professions. You'll learn to play, commit to the class you want, and get the one of the better leveling experience. 1-60 is pretty fun, but 70-85 is a bit of a slog. 85-90 is pretty good and 90-100 is probably the best overall.
It's obviously satanic and occult imagery designed to brainwash our society's children to be godless pagan heretics that worship witchcraft and superstition. [I mean come on guys.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oQ0sZ2Or9oc) *Heavy sarcasm* Just in case.
The Lich King also has personal beef with Kil'Jaeden because they created him through some messed up methods and then tried to enslave him.
We're all just pawns to The Lich King's ultimate plans, however, convoluted or long term they may be. I see The Lich King as an entity that is separate from Ner'Zhul, Arthas and Bolvar, maybe like a melding of all their different personalities, with Ner'Zhuls being them most dominant. Bolvar might be keeping him in check for now, but I feel like its a battle that will ultimately be lost. To sum it up, I think that's The Lich King talking, not Bolvar.
I could see them coming back when Legion forces invade old zones. I mean, what else would they do? Drop armies of level 110 demons into a level 30 zone that is supposed to take place 5 years ago?
I mean, I'm pretty sure hair doesn't ripple like that. Also, gem clothes are part of their bodies so wouldn't it technically be her hair anyway?
Like is a relative term. I mean I like Jasper because I like villains more than heroes a lot of the time and from what I've seen of Jasper she's one of my favorite character. That might change as soon as she get more than about 5 minutes of screen time but that's the thing. I don't really like Lapis because she's only been bitter and miserable so far, but that might immediately change as soon as she's back, who knows.
You missed the pearlgasm from Stronger Then You.
I think the conversation Garnet and Pearl had when they were about to be smushed is pretty telling. Even though she is independent by Pearl standards she's still more of the take order type rather than the give order type.
Twist, its Mr. Smiley.
*sigh* Yup, that must be what I sound like when I talk about MY [favorite musician](https://twitter.com/AurelioVoltaire?ref_src=twsrc%5Egoogle%7Ctwcamp%5Eserp%7Ctwgr%5Eauthor)...
The best *God of War clone* that was actually a complex fantasy RPG strategy, where Jack Black voices a Jack Black who wishes he was as cool as Jack Black.
Judging by the way people look at me when I try to explain who he is we must be some kind of race proto-hipster abominations. Glad to hear someone else who knows who he is though. Actually kinda made my day.
Wow. Pearls regeneration was far more drastic than I realized.
I have a 13 year old sister who claims she hates the show. Yet whenever I come home from college all the episodes I have recorded on the DVR are on the credits. Truly a mystery.
Literally super saiyen.
Ducklord#1570 (Alliance) Need Pandaren I have: a gnome, nelf and human.
Super Saiyan.
Two things. We need someone to put together a gallery of these. I hope this trend continues.
I saw a bunch of these marked down at a failing mall bookstore once. There are few things I regret as much as I regret not buying them all.
Eh, the college she went too was pretty racist too. It's more like she went on a study abroad trip and came back as a self righteous activist.
Get 3 P/P Nexus Whelps. Then everything = dead
True, what I'm trying to say is its a team that everyone should have, since it can obliterate most things in the game.
Why not both?
It's a cult! A *genestealer* cult! While we're at it lets make sure the earth isn't a tomb world!
I mean, the episode where he finds the tape was kinda like him meeting her. She never got to meet him, but at least he got to see what she was like other than just seeing pictures of her.
I think you'll find that electricity comes in a variety of colors.
Interestingly enough some snakes will occasionally be born with vestigial arms or legs. Check and mate nerds.
Creative liberties aside, very nice work.
And yet Teen Titans GO! Is a thing and incredibly popular. Still I feel like the ratio has gotten better. And anything is better than that reality TV phase CN went through... Dark times... Couldn't be more stoked for the new Samurai Jack though. That was a masterpiece that deserves a proper conclusion.
It's Lapis. A conveniant cameo that lets us know a little more about her.
When Amethyst turned into Rose...
I think there's also a photo of a young version of him in Onions house.
COME ON AND SLAM!
The fire keeper reminded me of original timeless isle where you basically had a third faction running around killing people. Then they ruined it with an item that let you transform without being part of the third faction. : /
What are you talking about? Timeless Isle was only for max level players, meaning everyone would have been the same level. Thats what made it interesting because you could only earn the bloody coins on the Timeless isle. Then they ruined it by making an item that let you get bloody coins anywhere in the game and let you stay allied with your faction.
Robert Moran, the creator of this and Unforgotten Realms is actually still pretty active on YouTube and Twitch. He is doing some really cool live tabletop roleplaying streams where you can donate to start events and such. He also made a really good mod for Minecraft called Dwarvs Vs. Zombies and is making a few games of his own as well. Check it out: https://www.youtube.com/user/BruceWillakers
I go back to this at least once a year and binge on it for a week. Such nostaglia.
I agree, but I wouldn't put it past *certain* individuals in the Blizzard hierarchy.
Someone obviously doesn't understand how female armor works. The more exposed the higher your AC duh.
I too can eat lemons without flinching. It's a great party trick and a perfect way to freak out new roommates. I don't do it often because it's pretty bad for my teeth and the dentist told me to stop.
Right behind you.
People these days feel like it's the only solid conclusion to a characters is to kill them off. Personally I disagree, killing a character is usually lazy storytelling unless it has some significance to their character. Like a coward sacrificing himself to save his friends or a villain dying because they're arrogant.
I know what you mean, if you know none of the characters are in danger then what's the point? But what I'm saying is killing off a character to end their story is an increasingly common occurrence these days and a lot of the time it is a waste. Especially with villain characters. Too many stories end with "we murdered the big bad guy and his cronies, now everything is happy again." Look at how Avatar: The Last Airbender and Legend of Korra handles things. Those are great examples the main antagonists not just being killed off and often serving roles in later episodes. You have them join the good guys, being imprisoned and reflecting on their crimes, or just changing their ways and moving with their lives. To me it's just more compelling storytelling. The bad guys aren't necessarily just bad guys. They are people with different perspectives. Then again everyone I know says I have too much sympathy for villains. /shrug
YOU TRY WEARING THIS 300 LB. SET OF MALE ARMOR INSTEAD! IT SMELLS LIKE A LOCKER ROOM AND I CAN BARELY SEE OUT OF THIS DAMN HELMET.
Ya know... Pearl said that the place where they got the time thing would reform eventually right? Maybe that means we might see the time thing again as well...
Blizz has never made a game or expansion where they didn't cut something. It's part of the process. Chances are we would just bitch about it for some other reason.
I kinda peaked with guilds when Army of the Blue Wizard was rocking Emerald Dream. No other guild really lived up to the fun I had in that one and most just hardly ever did anything. I don't even join random guilds anymore because the invites are always too impersonal and I come back in a month and everyone's gone.
It's one of the reasons I find the show so satisfying. We don't necessarily have good and evil, we have groups with dramatically different perspectives. Even better we get to see the "villains" start seeing things from a different viewpoint and change their way of thinking.
Who's real name is Jesus.
You monster.
I would say it's the closest equivalent. It's the most intimate two gems can get so draw whatever conclusion you will.
Maybe Diamonds take a real long time to reform and it's like a bacta tank. Or maybe she was shattered. Or maybe the other Diamonds wanted her out of the picture. Or maybe it's an alien entertainment system, at least they aren't playing "computer games." All of these are probably wrong, but if it's right I will gloat soooooo much.
The first time I emerged into Winterspring after bubbling my wAy through that horrid Furbolg den. It was snowing and serene. I took off all my armor and took a break in a hot spring and then farmed firewater for the following week.
I leveled a paladin for the first time since tbc when I heard about the Ashbringer. I usually play a warlock and rogue
People say it's a reference to an episode of Futurama. The one where Bender gets mind wiped and they go to the bureaucrat place to get him back.
Ryuu-ga, Wa-ga-te-ki-wo, Ku-ra-u!
I'm gonna have a word with those fuckers from the wiki.
Fucking mimes man.
Reminds me of my shitty ex roommate that said we couldn't kick her out for smoking pot because she was pregnant.
Vroom!
There's a professor at my university that studies porn. He has an amazing mustache.
I've been playing for about 3 weeks and I use robust much more than ever before.
We'll call it: The Diverging Hunger Maze
Jesus, I'm glad I barely remember anything about being young. I remember going to Disneyland and seeing goofy for the first time, only to freak the fuck out.
Cause, ya know, Star WARS couldn't possibly be a war film.
Congrats, you win the dumpster diver of the year award! My dad is gonna get a kick outa this. He snags stuff at of the trash at work a lot because his work just throws away old stuff when it gets replaced so he's picked up a lot of nice radios, walkie talkies even a couple of slightly worn high quality office chairs. It's nuts what some people throw away. I'm curious how something like that got there though. Maybe it was just in someone's garage for a decade and they just wanted it gone. Shame really.
They burn themselves to death in city streets as a sign of protest. I would say they are literally capable of anything.
Why would I visit r/Turtlefacts? We're talking about tortoises!
Tell that to your son.
So... How did the raid go?
Wow is probably the most solid mmo experience on the market. It has some faults but I'd choose it over any other.
Certain races, like the orcs and gnomes, cannot commune with the light on the level that would allow them to train as a paladin. That's the lire reason anyway.
Poor fucking infantry.
Better than whatever is going on with shaggy and scooby....
Shield engaged!
Yes, Venom Ruby has seen some shit.
Suspiciously unreasonable naivety. "What do you mean I can't move into your apartment after a week and a half of dating? " "I saved this dog from the street today! I bought him from some hobo for 20 dollars!
Dragon's Dogma. Make sure you play it through more than once.
"Bang." Followed by astonished silence.
It's something I see all the time. Bums get ahold of dogs, usually younger ones, then visibly treat them poorly and then offer to sell them to people who walk by that look concerned. I meet a lot of college kids, almost always girls, who bought a dog off of some deadbeat on the street in an attempt to save it. Then they get overly attached to the poor mutts, which usually have behavioral problems, don't have shots or quickly develop serious health problems. I new one girl that almost sank thousands into vet operations until her boyfriend threatened to leave her and my shitty ex-roommate used to talk to this fidgety rat dog she picked up off the street for most of the day, like it was a person. I dunno, it upsets me how out of touch with how the real world works some people are... Though the latter example was one among many "creepy" behaviors.
Welcome to America, where built in portion control is a feature worth paying extra for.
Tell me about it. My dad has custody of my sister and he has to pay twice the amount he gets in child support back in alimony. Not that he'd ever see a child support check in the first place.
My highschool math teacher was amazing. "What do you want to be? Journalist? Cool, you don't need math. You've got a C, I'm gonna go ahead and give you an A. Don't take any more advanced math classes after this, the advisors are full of shit, they won't help you in college." "I know most of you don't want to be here. You're all in the advanced math class because there are literally no other classes available. Just pay attention for 15 minutes and spend the next 45 minutes doing the homework and socializing."
A portion of it is definitely Lapis' catharsis.
Mother. Fucking. Tenure.
Let's build a wall to keep those assholes off of our planet.
It didn't work because it wasn't tall enough!
Google Yandere.
My best guess: no one at the publication watches/cares about the show. They probably saw there was a discussion online about it and tried to weigh in for some views. Not to mention that all of the quotes are from other publications. There's a chance they just cobbled this together by reading other articles and watching part of the episode. Would explain the incoherent synopsis.
Ah, the bonerwave effect.
Lets throw in a repair mount, Jeeves and the argent squire, for good measure.
I'd agree with you, but, fucking curling.
Vampire! FUCKING RUN!
You sir, you are the hero this world needs.
Wow, no Mei? You bastard.
Ah, used her ult when the peepers showed up. I get cha.
It's Dead Rising all over again.
My apartment managers were going to raise my rent when I went to renew. I told them that if that was the case I would be moving to the place down the street instead. Later that day they told me I could keep my current rate and I also got a pretty big cash back check for a resigning bonus. Good thing I got that bartering perk and put so many points into charisma.
Still a better love story than Twilight.
I'm an alien and this guy is an alien.
He wa only trying to lion the mood! Lion the mood...!
I'm assuming their dialect contains an abundance of expletives as well.
He's a witch!
Tell those assholes to turn their shit music down. Most of the time they're older than I am.
Yeah, but how much budget does Orc costume really need? You need what, a couple of bones and some green paint? Other than that an Orc costume is just being mostly naked.
This is true.
Awwww she must be the cutest little serial killer in Skyrim.
I mean... They're basically the same game if you rreeaaalllyyy think about it.
It's soooo bad for your back, shoulder and neck though. Especially with the 50+ pounds of books you have to carry in highschool.
Careful! They're from the past! They might have old timey muskets or slap bracelets!
That and the actual game is as fucking ridiculous as it is in the show. So many one to two turn draw my whole deck instant win combos.
The easiest way to kill your friendship/relationship is to live with someone. Crazy doesn't help either. If it's any consolation that bankruptcy probably fucked her over for years to come.
I stole a gummy worm from one of those bins where you scoop up your own bag. I felt so bad I didn't eat it and actually threw up from the guilty feeling.
And then leaves the freezer!
Wow, who cleans up all the barf?
Shit like this is why I only tank during leveling now.
Followed quickly thereafter by Plague Dogs and after that, When the Wind Blows.
Jesus Christ, why is this so funny?
Only if Dwayne Johnson gets to be Uther.
Except for us. We were literally standing right there. Good thing none of us understand anything about Orc customs.
I hope we see stuff like this. I really wanna see some crazy tactics again like back in vanilla and tbc.
I'd say Rag is chaotic evil. He just wants freedom and to burn everything.
He really doesn't. He like to pretend he does but you can just feel it in his tone he's making it up and real just lucked out. Still, I like to believe that he did have some greater plan and chickened out. If not for Jar Jar than at least some other things like Grevious or Padme's nonsensical death. The prequel's production was such a clusterfuck I doubt we'll ever know the truth of it though.
Or both.
Like that time he thought was a vampire and became a meme. Ho boy.
Duh. We actually landed on Mars and were too embarrassed to tell anyone. You can't tell because the footage is black and white.
This one can really go either way. I mean, the universe is big. REALLY fucking big. I'm am absolutely certain life exists elsewhere, but we may never find it because of how big the space between us is. That said, maybe there is life that has found a way to travel such distances, maybe they stopped by or are on the way for a visit. Who knows.
It's deeper than you know... https://m.soundcloud.com/francis-lopata/giovanni-by-sakaki-moody-bidoofs-a-pokemon-song
"Nice try wise guy, but that's obviously an ape. Get out of my office."
Why is this so fucking funny...?
I am absolutely certain I will never have THAT kind of willpower. Seriously, HOW?! I wanted to vomit as soon as I realized where this was going....
Wow. This is gonna be even funnier when y'all see tomorrow's front page.
"Fly, you fool."
Well, that's why the picked the most dominant subspecies of human to develop a symbiotic relationship with.
If there was a level of gay beyond maximum,. Like Omnigay.
You'll get them back if they were quest rewards. If not you're outta luck.
If its the outland quest you're talking about, all of your characters will get a wolf head.
Aw yeah! Fuck end up old timer!
I swear they do it on purpose to get ad revenue or some shit.
I boosted a Nelf warrior with my WoD boost, but I switched servers and just use him to farm garrison gold. I might play him a bit in legion if I don't level a new warrior by then.
I just got over my first long hair phase. I just wasn't used to all the extra effort you need to put in to not look like a mess, especially since I have ultra curly hair. I got it cut when I went home from college for a week and was using my sisters shampoo/conditioner since I forgot my own. It was actually looking really good at that point and the lady cutting my hair was actually kinda upset I was going super short with it.
I do this almost every shower... I should see a therapist.
The world of crime.
I'd love to play it, but the barrier of entry is beyond me. I just stick to YouTube playthroughs.
Barney, The Dinosaur.
Oh thank god
Not really. The Gatekeeper kinda gave me the same vibe, but it's no where near as scary.
FTFY: Walmart even takes out life insurance on their part time minimum wage slaves ~~employees.~~
All you assholes won't stay out of the warrior order hall. Y'all just keep coming in like you own the place and beating the hell out of our dog and stuff.
That it's actually a giant egg.
Of course not, it's in glorious HD 3D.
I'm an editor at a college newspaper. Me and one of my writers were about to have an argument during a desk meeting when instead I went: "Nananaw shhhhhh...." and slowly pressed my finger to their lips. Everyone got quite for a moment and I laughed my ass off in my head realizing how that must have looked.
Savage.
I do. I was actually searching this thread for someone else who had.
Robots! For everyone!
Duck Dodgers.
Which is a shame, because it's such a cool show. One of the few that made me feel good about being a "big" nerdy guy as a kid. Heh.
Like, genuine nerdy excitement. Like, when someone is telling me about something they really like and I can see how giddy and happy it makes them. I guess just "giddiness" in general. Gosh it sounds weird when I try to explain it...
As a man with large, well proportioned hands, I can confirm they are very popular with the ladies. For reasons I cannot rightly comprehend.
What about like, 3 normal canines and one especially pronounced one? Specifically the bottom right one.
Your poor girlfriend. But clearly you are a man with your priorities in order.
Sure. But think of something you think you're good at, like really good. Being good at this thing is a core part of your identity and something that most people know you for. Now imagine someone came along that was so much better at this thing that they make you look absolutely terrible, like utterly trash. Now everyone else thinks you're trash and maybe even you yourself have started doubting how good you thought you were. Now imagine you also got the shit beat out of you for 48 seconds. Sure, you made good money, but one, your face probably hurts pretty bad, and two, your ego might be pretty sore. So you can see how everyone might handle that a little differently.
To be fair he was unsubbed for like 10,000.
Meh, I think abandoning is too strong a word. It's more like leaving them in a more suitable home instead of dragging them around or leaving them in Oaks lab. I dunno, it's been literally years but I was always felt pretty satisfied with what happened the Pokémon he left behind. Also, the show is in the weirdest spot where it's impossible to clearly define what is canon and what's not at this point, though I only bother reading plot synopsis every few months cause I'm a grown ass man now and can't justify watching anymore. I think my biggest gripe with Pokémon, it never really grew with the audience. Though the spin off series based on the original game and such were certainly a step in a good direction. Still have a hell of a time with the games though, so the flame will keep on burnin.
I reached a point where I could tell my abusive mother to fuck off after my dad worked up the nerve to divorce her. My life has gone dramatically uphill since. We hardly talk anymore, but when we do I only say about two words.
Man, that ending was so fucked up when you stop to think about it.
