" 'Blow up Betty' is in the box on the top shelf, Mr. Carey."
[Bob Johnson] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RFHlJ2voJHY) ^...oh ^,wait.
[One of these.] (http://thumbs.dreamstime.com/z/funny-nose-glasses-disguise-front-view-groucho-marx-mustache-isolated-white-background-34641069.jpg) I guarantee you'll have a good time just going about your daily routine wearing these in public.
[For the ~~Stupid~~ Uninitiated] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1RUBEXtWLdE)
I hate to imagine how many bindles of the pot that kid is going to inject when he grows up.
Well hey, problem solved!
[Or worse, you get a weird combination of the two. (Sorry for the small image.)] (http://assets.amuniversal.com/700f4f605dc2012ee3bf00163e41dd5b)
"Sure they could. I used to melt carbonite beams on the farm back home, they're no weaker than steel." (Don't fact check that, please, the force is not strong with this one.)
That my mom's been reading my bank statements for the last four months.
["I ATE THE CANNOLI!"] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mZd6enuJGx0)
"My fellow Americans..."
I can't keep up, I need to fix my hearing aid!
[The only response.] (http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/750/629/8ec.gif)
I'll be honest, I'm not entirely sure. The story's been floating around for some time, so there may be some inaccuracies, but we are certain that there was an attempt at unionization, and everybody was laid off.
Part of it is that the new hire InDoc process has been thoroughly streamlined, to the point that if we have ten applicants in training on monday and only one sees it out to friday, the company is still turning a profit on that one new hire. The downside is all of our new guys know jack shit about how the job is actually done, which leaves the old guard (me and maybe two dozen other guys out of a crew of 150+) to teach them how to do their job, while doing their job. Ironically, this is part of what causes this company's huge turnover rate.
["*This is crack.*"] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uLZptx6UQLk)
Well, it's been through four accidents, two of which were when the car was in my possesion, both of which were my fault, and one of which was major damage to the front end because I fell asleep and ran a red light (Protip: don't work 5 hours with no breaks on a 12 hour shift, kids!) So the engine's got a knock and the alignment's off, the other accident was me forgetting to put the car back into drive when the fucker in front of me almost backed into me at an intersection and I put it into reverse to try and avoid an accident (Didn't work too well, did it?) so the trunk doesn't lock properly and my license plate is basically nailed to the back end, The engine and transmission have had a leak for ten-odd years, the windows don't work, the AC doesn't work, the cassette player doesn't work, one of the doors doesn't open properly, the gas cap door is held in place with hangar wire, there's barf stains all over the passenger seat from when my sister went through her bulimia phase, the brakes are iffy, some of the lights in the dash have gone out, I've replaced the battery, alternator, fuses, brake pads, fenders, hood, windows, and god knows what else, some many, many times, some of the seals are bad so the cabin is leaky as hell, the radio's choppy on its best days, and because I have to drive it 80+ miles on a roundtrip to work, it gets worse every day, and I never seem to have the money to replace anything that isn't critical because things go critical all the time. But it could be worse, I guess.
There are no good people.
[Or maybe a milk bone?] (https://vimeo.com/65107797)
I'll trade you for [prune face.] (http://media.liveauctiongroup.net/i/5361/8439298_1.jpg?v=8CB253D64E86030)
Whoa whoa, man. The first rule of tautology club is the first rule of tautology club.
Better yet, save the bag when you finish and put in the corresponding brand-name cereal when you buy it. This has the added benefit of camouflaging your good cereal.
thank mr skeltal
"Is this a porno?" "Student documentary." "Ah."
"She's dead, Jim." "Oh GOD... Wait, Jim?"
["D'uh, Sorry fellas!"] (https://comiclists.files.wordpress.com/2013/06/archie-moose_mason.jpg)
It's Daggerfall, the second one.
Just as a heads up, Waxworks, if we're both thinking of the 1992 one that looks like Wizardry or Ultima Underworld or similar games, with your dead uncle in a crystal ball? That one's on GOG.com.
I liked that The Holy Grail had subtitles for people who don't like the film, where they take lines from Henry IV and make them fit the script as well as possible.
Oh, you had the meatloaf too?
It looks like your dad has at least a grand tied up in Dwarven Forge, judging by the size and depth of those bins on the bottom right. A man after my own heart.
"Okay, pretend it's thanksgiving and this bread is a turkey." *Sigh* BZZZZZZZZ ["OH MY GOD IT'S SO JUICY!"] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x5-ITF2iI8w)
I would still keep your CV and resume updated. You don't want to be blindsided.
No, you're supposed to [cut it in half and stick a scoop of ice cream between the two halves.] (http://i.huffpost.com/gen/1099211/thumbs/o-POP-TART-ICE-CREAM-SANDWICH-570.jpg?6) C'mon guys, get it together.
"The hills are, uh... alive with the... sound... of...?" "*X GON GIVE IT TO YA ^^WHAT? FUCK WAITIN' FOR YOU TO GET IT ON YOUR OWN, X GON DELIVER TO YA*"
[Answer:] (http://imgur.com/gallery/sneoW)
Correct! You have the board, Mr. Diggler.
I would wave the inheritance flag, but given that he's living in a house of five as the only able-bodied person, I assume he's getting half of a beat up couch, the *good* cistern, and about tree fiddy before taxes.
"I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse." "AAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!"
And diet Dr. Pepper, don't forget that!
You know who else practiced genocide? [HITLER!] (http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/GodwinsLaw)
The tumblers in Dan's apartment door shifted as he turned the key, and set in place with a familiar click. It had been almost a month since he'd left his old job and opted to do freelance repair service. No more constantly patching up superhero-sized holes in the HQ walls when trainees lost their tempers, no more pipe repairs when guys like Cryolad accidentally froze over the men's room, and, perhaps best of all, no more having to replace every goddamn lightbulb (to say nothing of all the wiring, structure damage, tiling, and so on) when villains came calling. Maybe his life wasn't spectacular now, but it was pretty good, and that's all Dan had ever wanted. Unfortunately for the League of Heroes, their non-hero employment proved to be anything but 'pretty good.' The pay was awful, as "serving heroes is its own reward," the benefits sucked, and the job itself was a constant ordeal, as Dan had learned all too well those ten years. Worse still, the government tended to look the other way where heroes broke minor laws, given that most served as the enforcers of the major ones. That was all fine and dandy for them, but without even minimal government supervision, abuses ran rampant in the workplace. Supervisors ignored safety regulations, cut corners wherever possible, and made life a living hell for any who objected. Corporate began squeezing its workforce, insisting that the long hours and low pay contributed to a greater cause, and that compensation would be given when Headquarters could afford it, but that day never seemed to come. Dan would have left the week he started, but leaving the league was taboo in the larger community. After all, who would voluntarily object to serving this noble cause? Paul's replacement came as a shock to Dan. Paul, the day shift communications specialist, was a veteran of the league's behind the scenes work, and made it his job to take care of the poor bright-eyed bastards who signed on thinking the proximity to superheroes somehow justified the terrible working conditions, as Dan once did. Dan found a friend in him one day when Paul needed a handyman to rewire a console. Despite his disgruntled nature, Dan took pride in the work he did, and he and Paul found rapport with one another in being the 'true heroes' of the complex. Throughout the years, there had been many attacks on HQ, and everyone believed the lockdown drills had been pretty effective in protecting the most vulnerable employees in the complex. He couldn't recall the last death that had actually occurred on the grounds. The comms room itself, however, needed to be heavily fortified, the services provided too critical to allow Paul to leave his post in an emergency. Thanks to the mismanagement of the complex, it remained as vulnerable a point in HQ as it was the day the league was founded. And over time, the villains learned that tidbit. Paul ended up dying in the line of duty, as their contracts stipulated might rarely happen, yet there were no grand memorials, no mournings, no opulent ceremonies, as heroes were wont to do for their own fallen comrades. A very quiet burial for the family, NDA's to keep the grieving silent, and a new opening for a communications specialist. Though deaths were relatively rare, other support staff who had fallen as a result of collateral damage had been treated much the same way, bodies disposed of quietly, fresh job postings popping up, to protect the safe image projected by the League. Had Paul's family not informed Dan of his friend's untimely death, he might have believed the bullshit retirement-and-protection-program story the PR division had woven. Dan quit the day he found out. He told everybody he could in the complex: His own disclosure clauses did not extend to the other employees, and whether he endeavored to spite his masters, avenge his friend, or attempt to save the lives of his coworkers, it didn't matter. The news inevitably spread outside the complex, and the effects of a more informed populace were catastrophic. Some left, some stayed, some even tried to unionize. The city began to protest the league, and the corporate arm knew they had done themselves in. Dan didn't stick around for the aftermath. He'd had enough of these 'heroes', after what had happened. Or so he thought. --- The phone rang. Dan knew the number all too well. "I've said it a million times, Mike. I didn't tell anybody outside HQ shit. Your lawyers are going to have to find a different angle if you want to- "Dan. It's Laser Lass. Mike's gone. Everybody's gone." "What?" "They left after the fallout. After most of the staff quit, corporate began hemorrhaging money trying to keep the place running with temps, but nobody would stay. The place has fallen apart. The last batch of new trainees just about destroyed the barracks, the cafeteria's practically a biohazard, and I don't even want to think about the septic situation. Please, we need help. We'll do anything." "Look, you're maybe one of the half dozen people that ever gave a shit about us, super or not. Even if we have a whole new staff, the corruption inherent in the power structure will just sour the workplace again. We all watched it happen before: It'll be the same hell it always was." "Dan, please. You've got to help us. We've been through hundreds of these numbers, a lot of them don't work anymore, and the people we do manage to get through to just hang up. This is the longest conversation I've had with anybody who used to work for the league since it fell apart." "I can't do this again. You know how hard it was to work there." "We're starting to learn, believe me. The few of us who had any background in, well, anything, tried to fix the problems themselves. But we just don't have the skills or manpower to pull this place together. Not even Speedwave can fix problems faster than they pop up, and for all his strength, Super Sigma can't figure out how to rebuild a sound structure. I honestly don't know how you did it." "Yeah, you'd be surprised. It almost takes a hundred sup..." Dan trailed off, lost in thought. Maybe this could work after all. --- As he stood in the newly furnished workshop, Dan shook his head, chuckling to himself. Nearly two hundred men and women, boys and girls, wearing coveralls and hard hats over their capes, suits, and masks. "Dan! How's it going?" Laser Lass flew down from the catwalks, clipboard in hand. "Well, we've got everyone working on something. That group over there, Jim's teaching them how to keep wires bundled together and sorted, and they'll be going over electrical sockets and such tomorrow. Dave's keeping those guys busy with pipe sealing techniques, and I think they'll be putting the bathrooms together this week, and I couldn't be happier, because those port-a-potties are really starting to reek in this heat. Robby-" "Yeah, I saw Robby was teaching the new guys how to screw in lightbulbs. I've got to be honest, this is not what I imagined when you said you had a plan, but it's incredible. Handyman Heroes. What a concept!" "I know, right? I wasn't sure it would even work, but I have to say, people are a lot more careful with the things they have to put together themselves. Hell, this place is looking better than it ever did." "With all the extra hands we've got, we'll be able to get this place in tip-top shape, and when we're done here, any members we can spare will help bring in funds, learn valuable skills, and rebuild a positive image in the community. It might even help them be more invested in the protection of the city. It's perfect, Dan!" As if on cue, the alarm rang throughout the shop. "Well, there's always room to improve, kiddo. OKAY, GROUP 5, YOU'RE ON POINT! SHOW THEM WHAT YOU'VE GOT!" As soon as Dan had called on them, a dozen heroes ripped their coveralls off and rushed out of the building to fight the villain of the week. He chuckled to himself again. Sure, there were arguments, and not everybody bought into the idea of job training and maintainance as hero work, but many saw the greater good it would do, and many was enough to make it work. This plan wasn't spectacular, but it was pretty good. And that's all Dan had ever wanted.
You can in the final mix for PS3.
["Sorry, bob. Gotta let you go."] (https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=1ytCEuuW2_A)
"Friends, Family... We are gathered here today to remember the dearly departed, Mrs... Uh, where is she?"
Their fabric, of course.
I said, *that guy isn't dying anytime soon.*
Lotta red in that graph...
♫ *Lend me your ears, and I'll sing you a song,* ♫ ♫ *And I'll try not to sing out of key.* ♫
I would ask "What?" But I'm pretty sure somebody's just going to type that out in all caps, and I don't think I have the mental fortitude to read it again. EDIT: Oh, you're a Markov Chain Generator, aren't you? Look at you go, little buddy!
"I'd like to solve, Pat." "Go ahead." "Rolling Thunder Thighs."
"Mmm, It's gotten pretty stale."
[No, it's just a coincidence.] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=03lrL9CFWxM)
I've been the family tech support for years. I know how to lookup and install drivers, I've slotted motherboards, power supplies, ram and graphics cards, I've gotten that damn printer to work more times than I care to count. I even do a little fiddling in command prompt every once in a while. I still wouldn't consider myself computer literate, at least, not in the sense the author describes. If I have an internet connection, I can read up and solve most of my own problems, but outside of that, I'm pretty helpless when it comes to computers. My parents call me a computer wizard, and I remind myself I don't know jack shit until somebody's told it to me.
I mean, certainly there's concept art and paper sketches involved in both studios, but the difference is Disney attempted to model the 3D more closely after the classic 2D animation, giving the characters a more vividly "cartoony" look and movements, as opposed to the more realistic look that comes from Pixar. Edit: /u/Abbey-Road offered the production of [Paperman] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TZJLtujW6FY) as an example of the style that Disney employs.
It's quite possible. Even the CGI animals can enter that uncanny valley if their look and behavior approach realism, but don't quite hit the mark.
Especially when it's clearly baggied, bright green/orange, and not the cereal in the bowl on the front of the box. I miss cereal box prizes.
[Hedgehog to the sky: The game!] (http://armorgames.com/play/4001/hedgehog-launch-2)
Funny, now the top two results for "crooked hillary" are articles about google burying results.
[You think *that's* bad?] (http://www.nydailynews.com/news/world/dead-toronto-raccoon-draws-sidewalk-memorial-internet-fame-article-1.2287627)
That is an incredibly solid theory. You've thought about this a lot, haven't you?
Lawn decorations. Granted, they are two extremely different types for rich and poor people, but still.
I think that's just meant as part of the experience. The long load times, slow walk speeds, and tedious map crawling are meant to frustrate the player to encourage them to go nuts on everything and everyone in between.
But what if you're selling the bottom of the lowest category?
"You wanna go to court?"
[And you woke up with leprosy?] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ceS_jkKjIgo)
And Pet Sematary II, among others. Poor Clancy.
["It's fucking dinner porridge. Why didn't we make dip?"] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4yr_etbfZtQ)
Our demands are as follows! 1. Bigger Bingo Halls! 2. Smaller fish oil capsules! 3. Bread 4. Milk 5. Eggs
kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek [kek] (https://camo.derpicdn.net/2c29b58170d7af6c270c3cc67c61c4dc50a0014c?url=http%3A%2F%2Fi.imgur.com%2FRHyH34Q.jpg)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YWdD206eSv0
[Well, you know what they say...] (https://youtu.be/zSAJ0l4OBHM?t=2m35s)
Potato vodka
Here's one for the inbox. Have a wonderful day, Phil.
["Tight Dick, Playa."] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UoxCElUNqRY)
Wh- An interpretation of Charlie Brown where the adults aren't just wah-wah noises? WHAT SORCERY IS THIS?!?!
"Just because I have it DOESN'T MAKE IT TRUE!!!"
"I'm not racist, but don't you think that angry birds movie was awful?"
Why, why did I know, before I even clicked, that this was going to be a shitstain? And why do I see so many? Are there seriously that many people who have so little control over their bowels that this happens and it isn't an immediate "Go home and change" moment? That they'll continue to go about their day like nothing's wrong? I'm genuinely curious.
What's a jib?
[Sorry, I thought he was setting me up for this.] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KZB7xEonjsc)
[My personal favorite.] (https://youtu.be/n6V8N4Gwo88?t=1m49s)
"Everyone, look at the person on your left... now, your right... statistically speaking, all three of you will fail this course."
You know, I was skeptical at first, but after your feet go numb from blood loss, it really isn't too bad.
Okay, fine. You're the lawyer here; swing big lawyer dick, but at the very least, reply to OP in a top level comment and give some advice, because all I see you doing in this thread is shitting all over the non-professionals who are trying to help.
*Insert witty comment about overabundance of participation trophies and 'kids these days.'*
*"NO SEX UNTIL MARRIAGE"* *~/u/KillWithTheHeart, 2017*
"Gee Hef, I wonder why people want to take pictures with me?" "Isn't it obvious, Rock? You're a TV star! You should start charging for autographs!"
The code on the gallows is 120, representing 10 feet in inches. Also, don't turn on the electric chair unless and until you have the lightning ixupi pot assembled. Hope that hekps.
People honestly need to teach their kids to shut the hell up. I'm sorry, but when I hear the five year old behind me asking questions every five minutes and babbling about what they like and don't like, all I want to do is turn around and shush them. Yet that would make *me* the asshole, right?
Say, if the movie is Arrival?
That's the thing, I don't often hear it in family friendly action movies like Star Wars, probably both because they tend to be louder (the movies, not the children) and they're easy to chew on, so when people do babble it's not like "Hush you guys, oh shit did they get the death star plans yet, this plot is just too much for me!" I want to make a distinction here before I get lambasted on the internet: I like the new Star Wars movies, but you don't need to collect and connect a lot of dots to get the most out of the movie. They're not redefining the meaning of sagas, they're made to be easy to watch and enjoy. That's fine, and it's great for kids because they can follow along too. But when it's a "talky" movie, when missing thirty seconds of dialogue means missing a crucial theme in the plot, or a moment of characterization, or a bit of symbolism that engages the viewer and makes them think critically about the events unfolding, it really does detract from the moviegoing experience, especially if each interruption coincides with something that, yeah, might be a little difficult for a five-year-old to grasp. Seriously, people, just because it's not particularly violent or profane or scary doesn't mean it's good for kids. The theater is not your babysitter.
That's the thing: along with everyone else in the theater, I paid for the right to enjoy the movie, and when you're quiet, your enjoyment doesn't detract from mine. 90% of the time, that's the case for pretty much everybody in the theater and you all have a good moviegoing experience. Does that mean people can't and won't have questions? Of course not, sometimes things need explaining. Does that mean people in general and children specifically need to have impulse control and not pester for explanations in the moment, and instead should maybe wait until after the movie to discuss it, or wait until it comes out on DVD? Absolutely. This comparison might be a little uneven, but to put your question another way, if someone has a chronic problem that could keep them and others around them from enjoying carnival rides, say, a congenital heart defect, nausea, or back and neck injuries, should they be prohibited from boarding said rides? My answer to this question is the same as the answer to yours: "Probably. It's not going to happen, It's a free country, but yeah, maybe."
I mean, it *is* a kids movie, and kids are more likely to be noisy. I don't mind that so much because I knew what I was getting into. Still, yeah, if you can't keep your kids from bouncing around, you probably shouldn't take them to a place that asks its patrons for relative silence.
Can we? Already there have been death threats and violent acts against people who challenge the authenticity of Trump's presidency and actions. It's only going to get worse over the next few years, and I don't know that a more politically and racially charged America can avoid more bloodshed.
That took me half an hour to look up, and I'm just some fucking guy arguing on the internet. I'm pretty sure anyone who's passed the bar exam has at least cursory knowledge of situations like this and would advise a client not to sue, because if they didn't perform that due diligence, they'd likely be engaging in frivolous litigation and probably made to pay the defendant's court costs.
Generally speaking, significant suits only come forth when law is ambiguous or unclear, and the law is pretty clearly defined here, as are most theaters' policies on patron behavior. You might find a lawyer who would attempt to prosecute, but as I said, they'd probably be found to have overlooked due diligence, and made to pay the defendants' court costs, which tends to make prosecutors and their parties wary of cases like this. If this even made it to the desk of a county courtroom, it wouldn't take more than an hour to resolve, I can almost guarantee that.
http://www.newgrounds.com/portal/view/388809 I'm pretty sure this is it.
"*I'm a courier. Don't you want me to handle your package?*" I picked the BW branch out of curiosity and that line fucking killed me.
I, too, was disappointed in fallout 4.
But then your ex is a famous actor and banging Kristen Stewart. And you're both miserable either way.
Yeah, but I still feel like Oblivion was still a step up from Morrowind because *all* the NPC's had voiced dialogues instead of ambient snippets, which was a massive undertaking given the expanse of the game, and the elder scrolls series never gave much in the way of personality to its player characters. Fallout 4, in comparison to its predecessor, gave just one character (albeit the protagonist, who by definition has the most prominent role in the player's experience) voice acting, at the expense of the enjoyment of using a character's development to add flavor to dialogue. How many other games do you know of that give special dialogue options for low intelligence characters, or let you finish the game by *talking* the boss to death if you're good enough at it?
That episode is probably my favorite so far, I always choke up a little at that ending. I can't wait for season 3, I thought it was already supposed to be out?
The thing is, Geralt's already decently characterized, and most of his responses reflect his deadpan, sarcastic personality. In most dialogues, the vault dweller gets four options to express the entirety of a blank slate personality, and they're not nearly as engaging as some of the choices the previous games allowed. I think the backlash is a natural result of taking a huge step backward in roleplaying, without really adding anything significant. A fully voice acted main character means very little with characterization as flavorful as tofu.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F6JrJkf1ji4
"So what changed?" "Well, a Big Mac's a Big Mac but they call it, *le Big Mac*."
I remember having white cheddar mac with shrimp at this mountain lodge one. It was probably the best bowl I've ever had.
Considering the staggering amount of different player heads screechy had displayed, to say nothing of the ones in the chests, I imagine it would be incredibly difficult, or at the very least tedious, to stage something like this. I think the dude is chill because he's a mod on his own server, and probably deals with shit like this on a weekly basis.
To version 1.12, I hope.
That can be fixed. Not today, not tomorrow, but when automated labor becomes cheaper and/or more reliable, shit's going to hit the fan real quick. That's why we should start talking about Basic Income *now*. Not twenty years down the road when 30% of the workforce becomes unemployable through no fault of their own, but *now.*
Is it any surprise they get along so chummily?
Yeah, those sandwich platters are fucking amazing. Every once in a while I seriously consider getting membership just to be able to buy them for get-togethers and such.
Try something like [this.] (http://www.kitchenrestock.com/Winco-AICD-20-Ice-Cream-Dipper-Disher_p_15542.html?gclid=CjwKEAiA48fDBRDJ24_imejhwUkSJAAr0M5kWgDIrHJKPsqo39tQ-zRIQML1WNtf_f5cZQ5EZV5RjBoCkVXw_wcB)
Play stupid games, win stupid prizes.
\&gt;Implying that a Toyota won't keep driving until the sun hits the earth. Seriously, though, that's a good car.
Yeah, who needs fuckin' healthcare, amirite? Source: Type 1 Diabetic.
Yeah, totally a "heater," not a "car bomb." That was very "poorly constructed."
Plus if you do accidentally get too close, they fly around and bump into you a couple times. [Not unlike this.] (http://i.imgur.com/67osA.png)
Bigly doomed.
Well, I can't speak for Kim Jong-Il, but Glorious Leader Kim Jong-Un's golf game is [fucking on point.] (http://freegames.org/kim-jong-golf/)
What?
But where's the pile of extra screws and the flat-pack cardboard boxes?
Hmm... Urgent, need TP ASAP... ...Best substitute for TP... ...Magazine Pages stuck in toilet... ...How to clear S-Bend... ...How to stop toilet geyser... ...How to fix drywall... ...How to fix A-Frame... ...Need a place to lay low... ...Good divorce lawyers...
"You hear that, folks? Record Demand!" Record Low is still technically record.
Because oil is good for the economy! Creates Jobs! It's what 'murica was built on! Real fuel for real cars!
["Hmm... what does this one do?"] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xn6hhrX34Pw)
Beaten to death by the purple translucent GameBoy Color I used to have until my cousin "borrowed" it twelve years ago. I'll live forever because that thing basically disappeared off the face of the earth.
I believe it when Carl Bernstein says it. God forbid this ends up being another fake lead though, because if that happens I won't know what to believe anymore. Good god, what happened? Journalism used to be about rooting the truth out of all the bullshit, and ever since the 24 hour news cycle for ratings became a thing, everything's just gone to shit. What happened to accountability? To good faith, to trust, to common decency? I don't think I've ever seen families and neighbors this deeply divided and dismissive, over stories that put flash before substance, and it's just killing my faith in humanity. I don't know what to do anymore.
*Holds up spork*
But what about Tim Tams? Have you never done a teatime tim tam slam?
"Johnny, Dariush, Chen... You're the besht bomb defushal squad a guy could ashk for..."
["Dad... I'm mom."] (http://weknowmemes.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/11/dad-dad-im-straight.jpg)
She didn't get it.
"I don't care that we have a quest to undertake, I'm going to sit here and read aloud from the bestiary until we get an additional two million GP."
Standin' around at the speed of *DIAGONAL*!
"...and because our contestant has just made a massive purchase of this particular make and model of car, the price has jumped up to $45,499, which, coincidentally, is our contestant's bid. So... Congratulations. I guess."
Other people - River City Ransom
Worse yet, a lot of those jobs also support economies created specifically to cater to truckers and others who travel long distances by highway. Motels? Gone. Roadside Diners? Gone. Little towns that seemingly sprouted up by the highway in the fifties? Gone.
Oh! Brawndo's got what plants crave!
Sleep!
"Hey, why is he sucking face with that snowman?"
Wow! You're worth more than Donald Trump! Hey everyone, let's make this guy president! /u/simpersly 2020!
By the way, happy cakeday!
*In best donald duck impression:* "Oh hell, not this place again."
This may be the first YDS that didn't need captions.
Can I get a job where you are? Graduating May 2017 from WSUV in MIS, I sure as hell hope I can still get good healthcare, because insulin isn't cheap.
I think he's referring to [this.] (http://gunshowcomic.com/comics/20130109.png)
He'll probably just say he was framed.
&gt;"I win!" he shouts. "Fun Game. Somebody else will put this back together again. Not me, I'm going back to my tower, maybe the poors down the street. They've got nothing better to do. Sad!" Fixed that for you.
We should praise Hitler because he allowed us to start dialogues about genocide, hate crimes, and right-wing facsim. Oh wait, that's apparently actually what about half of this country wants to do.
Putin's goal is to destroy the U.S., among other westernized countries, and reassert Russia as a world power. Trump is helping him, and in return gets all the publicity, however negative, and again, all helps Putin because it hides what he's doing.
I actually live pretty close to Vancouver and Portland. I'm really just hoping I can find a job that I won't be completely miserable in. I hear horror stories of 70 hour work weeks with no paid overtime, and shitty benefits, and I just think, "Isn't this what I went to college to escape?"
You might be one of the few republicans who thinks that way. The rhetoric I'm hearing from republicans these days, seemingly "Fuck you, I got mine," stops just short of "Let the poors die. We don't owe them anything." And with trump in office, I don't know how much longer that rhetoric will stay unspoken. You know, it's funny. If I were born thirty years ago, I might have called myself a republican at some point. Everybody here talks about the bootstraps remarks as a cynical joke, but in the 70's and 80's it very well would have been possible to walk into a restaurant, or a mechanic, or whatever, and pick up a trade, learn the skills, and turn that into a viable living. I'd imagine that was due in part to the availability of the factory jobs that people in the rust belt so fondly remember. But globalization changed the face of the workplace in America forever, and technology moves ever forward, increasing the ratio of productivity to human labor. It's no longer possible to bring those jobs back simply because it's cheaper to outsource. If tariffs and/or tax cuts are introduced to try and bring those jobs back, depending on wages, manufacturers may find it more cost effective to invest in automation, and like I said, the technology is constantly improving. I hear the counterarguments that say "New jobs will appear to support the automation." and they're not wrong, but a) there probably won't be nearly as many support positions to counteract the loss of labor positions automation causes, (else, what's the point of automation?) and b) the people replaced won't necessarily be able to do the jobs automation creates. So that leaves us at a sobering question, "What happens to the unemployable?" It's a question I fear will have an unpleasant answer, with the current state of affairs.
"...But why does it say, MAXIMUM TRUMP?" "Don't stare at the White House, sweetie. The snipers are watching."
We are all Happy Birthday on this blessed day.
Nah, I still got a PM. I just doubt anybody will be laughing a month from now.
"Sorry, It got a little sticky."
He was in some serious danger shooting this series, too. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/culture/tvandradio/8237505/Gordon-Ramsay-threatened-at-gunpoint-during-illegal-fishing-investigation.html Kudos to a guy willing to put his neck on the line to further a good cause.
*In pain! In need!*
And then they take points off because you restate the same facts, but in different ways, several times throughout your paper, which has good insights that could be condensed down to five pages because your college level vocabulary combined with the appropriate audience allows you to get information across quickly BUT NO, GOT TO BE TWENTY PLUS PAGES OF BULLSHIT OH MY GOD JUST BULLSHIT BECAUSE IF IT'S NOT TWENTY PAGES THEN YOU CLEARLY HAVEN'T WORKED HARD ENOUGH! FUCK YOU MR. BANN, IT WAS SOCIOLOGY 101! WE'RE NOT DOING GROUND-FUCKING-BREAKING RESEARCH INTO THE FARTHEST REACHES AND DEPTHS OF SOCIETY, WE'RE COLLEGE FRESHMEN, SO GET OFF YOUR GODDAMN HIGH HORSE AND I'LL DEMONSTRATE THAT THIRTY HOURS OF READING CASE STUDIES AND TEN HOURS OF WRITING, COMBINED WITH A SEMESTER'S WORTH OF TERMINOLOGY AND APPLIED KNOWLEDGE, IS MORE THAN ENOUGH WORK FOR A FINAL ESSAY IN A GODDAMN 100-LEVEL CLASS! Mmm. I feel better about that B- already.
&gt;nuclear fallout If that actually happens close enough to affect the car, isn't coverage probably the least of the insurer's worries?
TRY GETTING A RESERVATION AT DORSIA NOW YOU FUCKING STUPID BASTARD!
Actually, this was me not too long ago. Except it wasn't nearly as bad because I was a dropped out engineer taking business statistics, and the entire project took me about as long as one average engineering homework problem set. The rest of my team thought I was a god. It was kind of nice being the smart kid again.
Basic common sense and reasoning skills are the enemy! Trump is the one who will make America Great, not the enemy reality!
We thought Trump never stood a chance of becoming president. Shit happens fast. We need to stop this before it starts.
Yes.
Yeah, just like I write college papers that end up being ten pages of "alternative facts."
Absolutely!
Nerd minus, I would say.
Yeah. Our project was a rough analysis of housing cost and occupancy trends in three major cities over the last thirty years or so. Not only did I do literally everything for the report, but I made a baseline metropolitan housing comparison as well to give the numbers some context, which really ended up making a top quality informational report. The group *did* end up putting together a few slides on the presentation, based on my calculations, but I ended up making and editing most of the slides myself, because they didn't understand the terms and numbers, *and* presenting it single-handedly. I didn't make a fuss because trying to cut anybody out of a group grade would have been way too much trouble at that point, and as I said before, I'd spent more time on a single engineering problem set in the past, so I wasn't exactly put out over the amount of work I had to do. That shit's ridiculous, though. "OH I HAD IOWA!" Like, bitch please, you don't even have Elk Horn sit your uneducated ass down.
No, these assholes know they work for the one percent, and the rest of us can go pound sand for all they care.
No, no, that's a different kind of white powder.
"Shoulda been a scientologist."
Feels&gt;Reals
It's literally his first day, *and* his first comment. Give him time.
http://persephonemagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/01/mal-speechless.gif
*Holds up spork*
I don't know, having sunglasses that you can't use seems pretty FWP. Also working a fuckton of hours has been an American thing for a long time, and I *think* America's still a first world country. Possibly.
["Whewes the bwaby?... Whew is my bwaby?"] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EKRUwVmkS8U)
Brawndo! It's got what plants crave!
Official response: Fake signatures, all fake. Sad!
http://www.nytimes.com/images/blogs/laughlines/poselikethis.jpg
I was going to say poor North Dakota, but then I saw Colorado.
Well, I ain't no hater... It's fake.
[When you're a terrible shot but physics has your back.] (https://g.redditmedia.com/NPfeeJfxC20Hw_TE2hH_4tSAjRFAxFwwjFqGYBWa0XM.gif?w=320&amp;s=1423cec7a749fb734f8709713e3b968f)
It's also the longest running children's animated show, and the second longest running overall animated show, next to the Simpsons. Think about that for a second, Arthur's been running longer than *South Park.*
I love his quiet little "They all came out the top... I need to cover the top." Just that it's so obvious what went wrong, like he knows it, and the camera guy knows it, and everybody watching knows it, but he's just got to say it anyway.
By some of the pixels.
Whooooooo is the cat with the beeeaaak?
[-*Quote from man shot*] (http://i.imgur.com/qwKqx.jpg)
Hey, you know who's gay? *Wedding Music* Us.
Ganondorf is the antagonist of the Legend of Zelda series. Bannondorf sounds very similar.
[My personal favorite.] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZsCpNC5da5s)
"I said, things you *wouldn't* hear."
^^^^^^Snap ^^^^^^Snap ^^^^^^Snap
"We'll have the best trolleys, the best. They're gonna be yuge, they'll run on all the tracks, every track." "Uh, sir, do you know what the trolley problem is?" "Of course! The trolley problem, the problem with the trolleys is that there aren't enough of them! Right? So we make more trolleys! Top quality, the best, we're gonna get tired of how good they are."
My man!
Here's a tip: Have your leftover storage containers ready when you cook. Transfer the cooked food from the cooking utensils straight to the storage containers, then plate yourself from the storage containers. Rinse/soak the cooking utensils, store the food, eat dinner, and come back to clean up what's left plus your dishes. As long as you don't let food get dried onto your cookware, cleanup is super easy. Even better: if whatever you're cooking goes in the oven or crockpot for a long time, clean while your food cooks, and you can practically skip after-dinner cleanup altogether.
I know. I asked for a food processor for Christmas and got it, I'm so happy.
"...every one is replaced with the number 3.091091857128719082641890264192460198246109826412..."
