He is along with Serqet, normally the 2nd jungler ban. If he is not banned Andinster or repikas will always go for him and wreck
The jungler can LITERALLY split push, if he is not at duo lane and solo in the same time to help you out immediately bm him, that'll teach him and he'll physically and mentally shape shift into repinster While in repinster form the jungler has the ability to be everywhere yet nowhere in the same time, clear every buffs simultaneously, gank every lane simultaneously and 1v4 against opponents fed by your lanes.
Shitty game giving away free codes instead of saving world hunger and ending terrorism, that it, im done. P. S. Hunters are literally ISIS
I question the meaning of life and sanity again
Thing is if the opponent serqet plays her well against you its most likely gg to your squishies. People don't like to run this risk.
Hybrid of repikas and Andinster, arguably 2 of the best junglers at the swc earlier this year.
As a solo laner he was rarely picked, I think cyclone was an exception. Rest of the times I think he was picked for support?
I treat him as Thor V2. Norse, huge damage, huge mobility (their ult, his dash, thors hammer) Main difference is Ratatoskr doesn't fall off easily late game and doesn't have haaaard cc like Thor
No we should act like actives don't exist. What's this Cc cleanse you speak of, Ares OP!!!!
Isn't that the same case with Thor :p
For months I was like "NO LIMITED GOD PACK BUT I NO HAVE MONEY NOW IT'S GONNA BE GONE NOOO" Its still around.
Brace yourself, Smite is not in its best state now and you may find some aspects of the game infuriating (burst assassins and hunters) but give the game time and HiRez should fix it and you'll learn the counters soon enough. Have fun :)
Instead of having infinite posts on the front page about a new God being OP, consider creating a New God megathread stickied on the front page for the first week!
Eh I'd call it a good, clean gank. Pretty much the dream gank as a Janus. A Janus troll would be something like portaling yourself to avoid a sure kill ult.
Wasn't here when he was released, but was he considered remotely top tier when his ult casting was static? I remember St3alth saying he stinks as a whole when he was just released and people say he's bad, is it just because he can aim his ult now that made him top tier? If so do explain why to me.
Alright although I see why you thought so and how the drivers who drove past are heartless people let me clear their name a bit. You are a Formula 1 driver in the 70's. Death rate? 2 a year on average. First I shall tell you death is commonplace in F1 back then and death is expected if you were a driver. That fact isn't all that relevant. Anyway we know drivers has flame retardant suits, not the Marshall. The marshalls can't do jackshit. Next, the drivers driving past the burning wreckage. Put yourself in their position. What do you see when you drive past that wreckage? Do you see a body? No, all you can see is a driver waving for help beside a car, presumably, you would think that the car is his and he wanted help to put out his burning car. As a grand prix driver you don't stop, not for a problem you assume not fatal, you do all you can to finish the race, already a great achievement for a driver in those days. The circumstances are unfortunate, sure, but it's not any of the drivers fault, more of the low safety standards back then.
Ah that game. I watched it at least 5 times cause the game was so good and a great advert for the SMITE pro scene. Though in the late game of game 2 I recall Ninjabobat just somehow missing Aquila taking FG when he was right outside the lair with his ultimate up, arguably the play that cost them the whole game. Wouldn't exactly say he carried them, though he did alright before that, if you were referring to that then I do agree.
In your logic we might as well make Kukulkans speed buff add attack speed like Artemis because every move has to be equal. My point is, different gods have different kits and therefore not every ability that are similar should be the exact same thing.
Nu Wa's Stealth is so, so limited.
Mask was banned awhile ago, no reddit posts needed for that one. Same goes to Bushyyyyyyy(yyyy idk how many y's) of Spicy Waffles recently, no reddit post for that one too, i believe. Feel free to correct me if there is one.
Well then maybe you shouldn't comment on things you don't exactly know next time :p
That number includes sales from the SPL season ticket, BTW.
It's hard to balance casuals sometimes because some people will want to try a new God and they'll probably do bad with it. Chances are they do well with other gods and got to that mmr with it. Then they're occasions where matchmaking really just sucks a tons of dick, and really no reason to explain it (level 30 paired with 4)
I don't think there is a legit way to find your casual mmr, note that smite.guru score isn't accurate to HiRez 's score, casual mmr is hidden. Competitive elo isn't, and it is accurate on smite.guru
Well I guess I should appreciate your upload as it is edited to contain what mattered and fits the screen, so um, thanks.
Can't link it to you cause I'm on mobile. But try googling aquila vs cloud 9 game 2. Either choose SmitePros coverage which only includes picks and bans and the game itself or Smitevods coverage that also includes analysis, pre game and post game.
You'd be surprised
I don't know much but afaik its because it made mage solo less viable.
Not much, just saying. Like I seen a lot of people here mistake the Summer of Smite earning a huge figure alone, thought I could clear a few things up.
Not trying to downplay the success of the events, but people are using the figures as an argument in various subjects. So I'm making this post to remind em.
I'd imagine Mountain Dew adverts in the SPL, oh gosh. "And if you guys buy a bottle of Mountain Dew you guys stand a chance to get a chest roll of our newest Recolour Chest"
I'd rather have Hi-Rez rather than Blizzard, mostly because Blizzard's F2P model turns me off. Yeah we have chests, but they have stupid grind.
"Buy 10 bottles of Coca-Cola to receive the Rascal Scooter Awilix!"
If barefoot Aphro helps with your "sessions" then I see why you want the change then, /u/FappingToAphrodite
Ataraxia casts? I gotta watch that now. Double Brit casting duo gon be good
Went back to this thread and realised that this prophecy came true. We found the chosen one guys
Everything about this skin is so perfect. The references, the cold blooded lines like HAL 9000, especially the intro.
I love how you play all the more damaging supports and do stupidly well with them, props :D
"Now Baczers is doing buffs, look at his slow clear, and his huge misplay for missing the wave by 2 seconds. Now we look at Bennna and his build is absolutely perfect, another wave cleared and another perfect game for Bennna, that Midguardian Mail against Chronos is an absolute stroke of genius."
Qin Sai's is still very good for Kali. Warrior boots, qins, exe/ichaival, lifesteal option/exe, lifesteal option/fatalis(fatalis if you already picked a lifesteal option) and for 6th situational. Usually at this point if I'm dying a lot to cc I'd get magis,if not I'll go full glass cannon and pick whatever I listed as options that I didn't pick. Usually I end up with Warrior, Qins, Executioner, Blood forge, fatalis and magis
No problem, forgot to mention to get a pen item if the opposition built some protections or just very tanky. Asi use to be very good for this, since it has built in Penetration, you can still use Asi, but keep in mind bloodforge offers more raw power and you may overcap attack speed with Asi. Also idk why people would downvote you for asking a question, lol.
I'd make a movie poster out of this if I have the time, it's perfect. "Tyr needs some love in the solo lane from Thor, and Thor wants some minions to farm-Friends with benefits"
Yeah this would create Dota type items, which I think HiRez is actively avoiding because they want to keep that side of the game simpler, hence duo active slots, and let us focus on mechanical skills instead.
Nah if Dota wants to sue for a similar game mechanic then starcraft and other games can sue too. My point was that we have actives instead of items WITH actives is because that type of item adds complexity to a game like Smite where such complexity isn't necessary. HiRez is trying to make sure we have a max of two active slots so we can focus on hitting abilities /AAs instead of complex strategies. Unlike Dota, which is more strategy based, those active+item type of items are necessary as it adds a new dimension of strategies into the game.
Create a smurf with him to teach him the basics, and once you think he is ready bring on harsh reality on him, and he'll improve enough for the REAL HARSH WORLLLDDD.
Rumours suggests you carved Mt. Rushmore by staring at US presidents, is it true?
On November 9th AD 143, a minion dived the Fire Giant in protest of minion ignorance by the gods. Examples includes Freezing wave and letting archer #42 take out brute #21 while Aphro taps her phone, Athena letting brute #61 die from tower shots despite obviously able to tank it herself, and most controversially, no raise for multiple minions despite their valiant efforts and success in killing enemy gods. For a whole month minions refused to spawn and the gods were left on lane themselves to slap each other with only Level 1 abilities and no poke from minions, only source of XP being buff camps. Soon they grew tired of getting murdered and refused to spawn too, hiding behind that mysterious wall. Soon the Minion Act of Equality was passed and multiple changes were made to minion rights. Minions now have weapons doused with fire to increase their survivability and health, though expensive. As a result rural Chinese and Bangladeshis were employed to wield normal, cheap weapons before the phoenix dies to give them gold for Blazing Weapons.
Well then. Now we have 3 summer skins released. One being Hunkules, 400 gems worth, then there's Cupid, 600 gems, finally we have Aphro, a reward skin, 400 gems worth. Buy both of these skins you get 2 skins for 1000 gems, you'd get your dollars worth, with an additional Aphro skin for free. Not to mention everybody's favorite CHESTS!! The point is, they put every skin a standard 500 gems so far, and it seems to be pretty worth it once you do some math. You may argue that no one asked for an Aphro skin vice versa, but I feel the price tag for now is justified
BUT DUUUDEE MY EXTRA $0.000286 MATTERS HIREZ WAS SCAMMING MY SUPERIOR MATHEMATICAL BRAIN ALL ALONG! Really though idk why some of you bother so much about small matters literally smaller than a cent. And we do not need another Old Wa argument again.
Boy Smite skins are so expensive and yet we are forced to pay for it! Stay away from this game unless you have money to buy cosmetics!
But dude Hi Rez should be giving us free gem skins by now, greedy sons of bitches.
Halved. Really it depends on how much you play. I play at least 2 games a day since day one of the season ticket release and I have 4.5k now
Loki shapeshifted into a horse to trick some builder and got raped by his horse. Norse Mythology isn't all that weird. Oh and Odin liked Loki's 8 legged horse so much he rides him to the battlefield and stuff.
I have tons of fun. Played for 6 months and for a while, yeah I got burnt out a bit. Then I started mastery whoring. It is a good thing, mastery whoring made me play a lot of different gods and learn about their combos, my game stepped up by a notch. I learnt how to counter gods and I had a lot fun since. Switch around your playing habits, maybe try new modes and learning their mechanics, or even try new gods, trust me it's very fun.
Not sure if this is a troll attempt or your just a noob. Assault is meant to be all random, it's the specialty of the mode, and what separates assault from every other mode.
Pretty sure it's a pull. Similar to Poseidons but on a larger scale, and Sylvanus. It's not knockback or else Knockback immune abilities like Ares flame and Bacchus burp counters it completely
Didn't play much mortal kombat lately but yeah, that's the gist of it. Save time on creating new God models and just give them an alternative kit instead with trade offs like what you said.
You see complaints apparently must be made in the most hostile way possible cause that'll yield the best results. Speaking nicely to HiRez? What? No they are game making robots and don't have feelings /s
Pretty hard for HiRez to fund that much sites when they don't have all the resources Blizzard has, asking HiRez to do even 10% of Blizzard in terms of funding is hard.
Yes it could be much better. But expecting it to be better than Blizzard who has been around since like 1991 and has a huge following since late 1990's is just a big ask.
Only complaint from me is that they do stuff a bit way too slow. But really the vicious cycle in this subreddit goes like this Make a complaint--&gt;Make another yet identical complaint 5 minutes later--&gt;Raise pitchforks--&gt;BM HiRez--&gt;Wait for a day or 6 months for the patch--&gt;Make a complaint
Well when I find a new game and like it I'd check it's forums out, and Reddit has been Smite's biggest community forum(?) so I'd imagine many new players will come over. New player comes and first thing he sees is "ravana bad" "pls twitch numbers" "DAE Blizzard more popular than HiRez?" "ravana bad:electric boogaloo" Yeah I'm probably cherrypicking but you get the point, we are not getting any new players like this. They'll be scared off.
Man, I see your point, and I agree that servers needs some fixing (although I don't have issues). Getting angry over that is normal and justified. Yet, in this subreddit, people and bitching about the smallest matters, calling HiRez "scamming your money" over a few cents different in gem prices etc, you get it.
Top EU jouster, and I think brought Hou Yi to the limelight in joust.
I do believe Crits isn't necessary on Vamana. To make use of his passive you would eat to build really tanky, and heavier on the phys defence department. But then again I don't play much Vamana anymore so take that with a grain of salt.
/u/doarcalin has my vote if I get to, that is if the sizing of the logos makes the whole thing look less cramped.
I understand that you want the SWC logo to stand out, but I'd prefer if the full logo is shown. But if it had to be shrunk so much that it doesn't stand out, what it is as of now is gorgeous :)
Goes from the brink of blackout to being sober under a minute. Bacchus showing how to be the alpha party male.
Well making a crap tons of dupe accounts for logging in to receive gems is going to exploit the community market system easily. Same case with trading skins.
Oh it will happen. Just imagine this: One account nets 50 gems a week. Each account nets 400 gem skins every 2 months. So if you want 10 400 gems skins, you make 10 accounts and go through the effort so you could get 70 dollars total in value. It's totally worth it for me. Personally I used to imagine HiRez splitting free gems and bought gems into two different pools so they can't be combined, so if you buy a skin from the free gems pool it's locked to your account. It may work but backlash will definitely ensue.
Now you are just finding reasons to trash him.
Kinda fair seeing how many Pantheons see the god/goddess of the Sun as their head.
We cannot use those servers. We need a Chinese ID to use it and therfore we play with 300 ping using the NA/EU servers.
I'd suggest you remove that last line if you want your comment to actually not look like you are criticizing them out of hate.
Fixed that for you
He isn't the best "Warrior Solo". He strived in the meta where the Solo lane has carries.
Would a new map fix the existing problems of 1v1 though? 1v1 will always be a mode dominated by ADCs or gods focused on Solo-ing, what could be done to actually fix the game mode so the mode isn't dominated by certain gods?
Far from 100% pick/ban rate. She does have a very good win rate. Khepri's winrate is not as good as many thought.
Late game Janus slows going from 40% down to 20% is quite the nerf, his low CD on portals is still dumb for me though. Don't think your call of poster boys and girls are any different, that is the consensus of this sub now.
Xing Tian iirc was a God that suddenly saw a shit tons of play during Super Regionals. Before that he was an occasional pick in the SPL where reddit scoffs at. It would not be out of the question for a God to suddenly become the new OP God.
Never wanted to see a BM punished harder than the first guy. Who is he?
Guan Yu is mini salvation on a very short CD. If you cannot bear the possibility of rolling a god you don't like, either be prepared to re-roll (If you aren't a healer) or don't play Assault. There are some unspoken rules in the game, and not re-rolling a healer is one of them.
Pretty sure many people here thought that Stellar Burst does too much.
Probably is disappointed that HiRez didn't take the Wolf route with her God design. Though I can't find any Wolf depiction of Amaterasu outside of Okami.
Best of r/Smite 2016 already decided 5 days in.
Same guy who made headlines like "I will hit neymar whit shoe" and "dearth of a left back" which r/soccer ate up as a funny joke.
We had Post Match Threads, which is good enough actually. But I'd like to see some Live ones, it would be interesting to discuss there about plays and builds instead of almighty Twitch Chat
You have a point. Maybe we just need live threads for BO3s.
YE?
I'm an uninformed idiot then
Same thing applies I think. I'm not sure how spammy or not spammy a reddit live chat is, but I still prefer having discussions in a format like a normal reddit thread.
Serqet didn't do too well last LAN, idk if it's down to the tankier team comps lowering her burst or something. Thor however will always be a great team fight jungler, along with Batz and therefore both will forever have a place in the meta.
Welcome! Bad things about the game are obviously present, as stated by many. But the core game is really good and really, overrides many problems to me. IF you aren't aware, tomorrow marks the start of the most important 4 days of Smite for the year! The World Championships starts tomorrow with Placement Games and if last year's event could tell something, it would be that the event is going to be AWESOME! If you are interested in learning more about Smite e-sports, do tell me and I'll link you to things that you need to know before going into watching Worlds!
There are just some players that can't accept that they could actually be bad at the game and needs to improve, and rather blame others instead. These players will never improve with that attitude, which is unfortunate for whoever that needs to be in the same team with them.
FUCK?
HEY, HEY, JUNGLERS THAT I PLAYED WITH! YES, YOU! IF YOU REFUSE TO ROTATE TO MY LANE WHEN MY BUFF SPAWNS, DON'T EXPECT ME TO JUST LEAVE THE CAMP ALONE WHILE MY OPPONENT GETS HIS SHINY BLUE BELT, I'M DEFINITELY NOT GOING TO GET OUTDONE AND OUTPUSHED SINCE HE CAN JUST SPAM HIS ABILITIES, FUCK YOUR XP SHARING. ALSO THOR, IT IS NOT RAVANA'S FAULT THAT YOU ARE 3/10, HE MAY BE "BROKEN", BUT HEY, YOU ARE PLAYING THOR FOR FUCKS SAKE. ALSO IF YOU ULT INTO A TEAM HALF A MAP AWAY, I'M NOT PLAYING JANUS YOU TWAT, I CAN'T TELEPORT TO YOU, SO STOP SPAMMING HELP. AND LASTLY TO WHOEVER THE FUCK THAT USES "VVGG" AFTER A BAD FIGHT, GO FUCK YOURSELF. "OH LOOK, I'M USING VVGG, MY NEGATIVITY WILL SURELY SPUR MY TEAM ON TO VICTORY!" FUCK OFF, YOU AREN'T HELPING BY ACTING SMART AND ALMIGHTY.
Bad players look at Tahuti as the most expensive item and just think "shit, that means it must be the best item!" while completely ignoring the Base stats and passive. 2nd item Tahuti after pen boots for maximum value.
Amazing, just what the community asked for especially with the mini-boss.
~~P&amp;B takes like, 3 minutes. A conquest game can take up to 60 mins+, not to mention setting up players for next games and stuff takes a while. 1 hour is pretty suitable.~~ Reading is hard.
Woops
As long as quests don't require us to win games as a CERTAIN role, it'll be OK I guess.
Well I feel that will cause issues like people not obeying conquest role calls and instalock a called role "cuz quest deal with it", that doesn't sound like anti-toxicity to me.
No tower damage, no kills, no objectives from Isurus. Epsilon just has so much pressure on Isurus that they can't even touch the structures. Epsilon drafted for the early game and took full advantage of it.
Estimated Final Scoreboard (Assists not accurate) ##EPSILON Neith 1/0/10 Geb 0/0/11 Isis 6/0/4 Hun Batz 6/0/5 Bellona 1/0/8 ##ISURUS GAMING Hou Yi 0/3/0 Khepri 0/4/0 Nox 0/3/0 Thor 0/2/0 Xing Tian 0/2/0
To whoever viewing the thread, do not forget that this thread is also made for discussion of the ongoing matches! If you have anything in your mind about a game that is currently live, do leave a comment in here!
https://i.imgur.com/ea28jfb.jpg Avant Garde will play the loser of QG vs Fnatic.
How loud was the crowd when Night locked in Anubis?
Pretty sure everyone who knows Night from last year would love to see Night's Anubis again, the hype and build up from the community before the match even started for an Anubis pick from Night is quite overwhelming.
Unfair to downvote him, he is simply just asking us why he should choose this over others.
Last time I did something like this I did cover the whole tourney, so yes, you would probably see it again unless my time is very limited.
Think Hel was banned by Fnatic ~~twice~~ and Epsilon once each.
Mmm. Usually I would list all unpicked gods at the tournament recap thread. Here's an example: https://www.reddit.com/r/Smite/comments/3u38oc/super_regionals_day_6_and_tournament_recap/
It is fun but for me it lacks depth, although I enjoyed the game I can't find a reason to replay the game. I plan to return to it in a month or two so I get to feel something fresh.
More of because Hun Batz was already a top performing jungler before this, he was the best scoring jungler during Super Regionals.
The funny thing is this is exactly what some people on this subreddit said when XT was nerfed the first time.
Most gods are able to take down FG solo with the right build at full level.
Who were you playing?
Doesn't matter. You had pen, some health, attack speed and Warrior defense scaling, standard builds don't always do FG better than other builds.
I sure hope you are right! And I do believe that smite is far from dying. If season 3 goes right I definitely see the game advancing to a very high stage.
Semis today should be waaaay better. Look forward to tomorrow's vid!
Diversity in the Solo lane is worrying.Wonder if Hades could prove to be the answer to Bellona. Would love to see a counter pick Hades to come out today.
Most of their roster became QG Reapers.
Mobility, high lock down ability, long range ultimate and some sustain. Sounds real good to me. Never thought of him as OP tho.
I think it's either he has the biggest hate boner on DM or he is just trolling. It's not the first time he nitpicked dm on things.
Idk man. The last time I saw you you said [this] (https://www.reddit.com/r/Smite/comments/3z0ycl/next_smite_god_is_female/cyibysk) so really I can't take you seriously on things like dm anymore.
Oh God. It's right there in my spreadsheet and I missed it.
You expect people to get that just by reading "DM is sooo smart /s"?
Ah yes, the old "Osiris, Hercules and check on our unwanted child Chaac if either is banned" solo lane meta, good times.
Not just yet. She is still played by the underdogs a lot of times. The only time she was played in an equal match up was Fnatic vs Epsilon and Sol won that one. Jury is still out.
Qvo just got outplayed and out jungled by Adjust. Adjust is fucking amazing. His Serqet before deciding to go for Runic Shield ran the show, his Hun Batz played to the full potential. The whole NME roster stepped up big time.
94% actually. Still pretty strong.
And really good looking too. I also believe that Ataraxia single handedly stopped World War 3 from happening.
I looked at Enemy Vs Avant Garde and thought, "Avant Garde is undefeated in OCE they may turn out good". I looked at Enemy Vs Fnatic and thought "Fnatic takes this, NME can't be this good" I looked at Enemy Vs Paradigm and thought "PDG takes this ez" Don't ask me on stuff like these anymore lol.
Actually, you are right. Will have to put a disclaimer somewhere.
I think I found an error in my "data grinder" file for the C9 vs Epsilon match up. That is probably the source of all issues found with some gods. Will have to remake some parts later. Thanks for pointing out.
Played support for a long day, decided I have to stop support. Then they gave me Khepri VP after Obsidian Shard Ymir yesterday. God dammit HiRez. ^^Sweet ^^free ^^stuffs ^^tho
Very relevant flair. Also considering I was laying Geb Shields all day today. Guess I should embrace the hugbug then, I'm sure he'll hug me back ^intohisteamandkillme
Dimi's Tyr turned game 2 around and potentially the set for me. Game 2 Epsilon looked picked off by Adjust on Serqet and then the glue in Dimi's Tyr and suddenly their whole team fight game became so good, it seems as of Dimi never missed a fearless and almost all of those fearless pushes lead to a team fight changing kill. Also 97 damage crit on Bellona says quite a lot about her.
Shootout to /u/dryoshiyahu for doing the whole live thread almost single handedly! Covered almost every play with detail and never missed a play all weekend!
"I got him" - Dimi almost before he even ults for Serqet.
Disappointing since his Hun Batz was so good against Paradigm and outplayed Qvofred quite a lot.
We adapt. And soon we mastered the ability to aim 0.3 seconds into the future. In this rate we would develop time travel.
Played like three times throughout worlds. Could be wrong but from the tip of my head that's the number.
Don't forget that one guy on the horse that keeps on coming into the battlefield only to be trashed every single time.Tried in solo, got trashed. Came again in support, trashed again. Even rode his horse in the jungle once, and his horse didn't like the woods. Light a candle in remembrance of Guan Yu 2016
LET MY ILLUSION BE REAL GODDAMMIT.
[VHH][VHH][VHH] [VVVE] *An ally has been slain* "OMG DUMB HEL NEVER HEALS THE TEAM" "Then stop running away from me" "NO ITS YOUR FAULT, MAP AWARENESS BRUH, YOU SHOULD'VE KNOWN WHEN I WOULD'VE GONE FULL STUPID, GG HEL NOOB"
I'd say that having Iran put up against teams like Argentina etc will be a good example. Worlds isn't exactly about putting ALL the best teams together, but rather a showcase of skill from different regions and let lesser regions have something to watch out for and cheer for, while promoting the sport in their region. The real competitive stage starts later, but earlier in the tournament, that should not be the case.
Woopsies, edited.
NERF HERCULES? ARE YOU CRAZY, ARE YOU OUTTA YOUR MIND?
HOU YI FLAIR, OPINION REJECTED.
Well that is sad. At least PriMe and Ataraxia are staying together. Will miss Repikas and Kanye a lot though :/
Drone turret. You won't even know what hit you, and where.
If they feel that their team fighting is their weakness, then the lack of comms from one player can definitely be a huge part of the problem. Though mechanically skilled, a player not relaying info as often as he should to the team can definite decide the team fight. One bad step and the failure to call for the attention of your team for help quickly or not being able to make a huge play before contacting the team will be hugely detrimental to the team. I'm not claiming to know what they mean by "not vocal", but I'm assuming the scenario I stated is the case with Adjust.
Does this dirty bubble thing only work on mages and assassins or something, cause as far as I know, it never became something worth fearing for me.
KanyeLife made me play Ares, then since I got used to the role so I went on to play every single support in the game. KanyeLife made me embrace the SupportLife.
Ex-Titan's biggest problem was replacing Confrey as a solo laner after he left the lane. A competent warrior solo player in the meta just wasn't there for Titan and I'd say that the lack of a tanky Solo player cost Titan dearly. Variety from what I've seen is a great solo laner, I would love to see what happens if this is true.
If someone spews unhelpful, demotivating things, I mute and move on. I personally put that as the NO. 1 way to improve your experience in Smite. Unless of course he actually saws helpful things like enemy missing etc, then you just have to deal with the toxicity he brings with it. But if he literally doesn't use the chat or VGS to help the team but to BM instead, mute the guy, no questions asked.
You there, yes, you! Struggling to deal damage with Fenrir? Struggling to do more than 80 damage per auto just because the opponent built 2 physical defense items? Hate brutalize being more like ticklize late game? Drop your scrubby defense items and join the Penrir master race! With Titans Bane, Beat Stick, Void Shield, Jotunns, Transcendence and Warrior Tabi you can simply lift the middle finger on the opponents defense and combined with your power buff and red buff, your autos deal as much as a crit without building crit at all! On a more serious note Fenrir is meant to be the dominating force early and late game a single target pick machine, so do not actually worry about the player damage stat if you are actually playing Fenrir. Also Penrir is legit one of the most fun I had while playing Fenrir.
You had the meaning of life and you threw it away :(
Was my first one and I hated "support" since playing him. Every other support gets my love though.
What's the point of typing around 20 characters for a name when 3 characters could do just that?
WHAT A TWIST. Will miss Incon dearly though. But maybe his new position in mid isn't suiting him as well as he should? I was also very anticipated for 0megas new "dream team", wonder if this was his plan all along.
Perhaps Soul Reaver does not activate if its not required to secure the kill?
I won't call Ymir and Kumbha op, if they are meant to be supports that can deal damage and can be balanced, which I feel that they are now, that not much needs to be changed. Xing Tian and Bellona is kinda stupid though. And if you are complaining about full tanks doing damage, where's Ares?
Well if you listed some gods in the end I'd assume that it is a list that you want to highlight, so that's a misunderstanding.
I GET IT
Incon was behind Lassiz for quite a long time before his recent surge in viewers. I may be mistaken.
Little over 20 seconds past the 5 added minutes
Are you suggesting that referees should be consistent? Why that is crazy talk!
"Pros are dumb in game knowledge, all they can do is hit their skills"
Fine line between "this should not be allowed, here's why and a possible solution" and "fuck this game Balance Team is a bunch of idiots." One of them is constructive criticism and the other being negativity and toxicity.
Every season change in any fucking game with such a system will always have people fearing change. A year ago this place was also the same. And then come mid season 2 the game was probably at its best state it has ever been (before the OP gods came in). IF you are to the quit a game because of others opinion, it's all good. But I'm saying that you should try the changes for yourself and give it time if you don't, cause as you said it's only PTS, and change will definitely come for the better good. THE game isn't dying just because change is coming, that doesn't really make much sense at all.
That's not allowed, adapting to the game isn't allowed, adapting should be banned from pro Smite for having that name. That being said I still wish that the relic system gets tweaked with beads being too weak OR adjust the amount of CC in the game. I like where the game is going.
Janus portal is one of those multi tool things you see on infomercials, like the broomshakalaka. Its an escape, damage, CC, team escape, passive enabler, speed booster with the threshold.
SO IS THIS THE PART WHERE I TALK ABOUT HOW MUCH I HATE SOL? OK THEN UHHH HIREZ NERF HER DAMAGE AND MAKE SURE SHE CANNOT USE HER 3 IF SHE IS WITHIN A 5 FEET RADIUS OF A GOD. ALSO DAE CHESTS XDXD AND FINALLY WE HAD ONE BY NYX LIKE 3 DAYS AGO.
I mean if you die after hearing the famous sound you should probably consider not building glass cannon against a Loki or as an ADC play really safe till you get farmed.
Sounds more like Chang'e needs a buff more than CDR not being nerfed.
Won't say that playing against Loki isn't boring like OP said. But I find myself LOVING to face Lokis nowadays cause I playing against him gets really easy once you learned how to. He becomes a one trick pony most of the time when you know what you are doing imo. Not the same thing can be said about other players however.
An item with only CDR and MP5 sounds way too big of a cut of power to sacrifice for another item that gets your abilities hit a lot harder imo.
Counter building not being fun is definitely more of a personal problem than a problem with the game. Personally it is satisfying to see Loki struggling to pull off anything relevant just because I built an item or two against him while I myself continue to be able to do damage. I'd imagine many agreeing with you and an equal amount of people agreeing with me too.
Thor isn't good late at all. But yeah his early to mid is absurd.
To sum up Loki, new players usually go for full glass cannon and those people will get instantly deleted because that is what Loki is there for, to punish carries that deal absurd amount of damage but refuse to build protections. Loki is irrelevant at high level play because many people who are experienced knows how to play against him. And the Smite community isn't all that friendly, idk how bad DotA2 or LoL is but I certainly see a bit of BM once in a while.
Yeah just poor phrasing from me initially.
Can't wait for the new wave of "X God is OP" post train for a week before many of them realize how wrong they are. Its OK though, I was in the same train as you for months. It took me a while after I hit level 30 that Cupid gets countered way too easily.
That effectively kills Nu Wa.
All these events in a string, its Christmas everyday now. Does Fafnir permanently become a Dragon or does he only becomes one temporarily like Ao Kuang?
Sweet. Played DotA for like 4 hours of my life but I'll always remember Dragon Knight's ultimate, it was super appealing to a newbie. Happy to see Fafnir get something similar.
Can't vote for some reason. I find it funny that everyone claims to hate support the least/main support yet barely anyone ever really wants to play support in my games.
So I wanted to start off by saying, I think the development team has done a pretty great job with the cast of female gods in Smite. They are diverse, interesting, and compelling. From Medusa to Scylla to Aphrodite the female cast reflects a large spectrum of personalities and player fantasies. With that being said, lets talk about Jing Wei. From a marketing standpoint, she's the star of the show. She's a great god. When we look at the way she's portrayed in promotional media, lore, and art in game we know a few things about her.. She's Fast. She's Silly. She's Kind. She's a good Friend. Her body seems to be comprised of about 95% bird. Then out of seemingly no where we have this pose: http://imgur.com/TuEihNd WHAT? What about this pose has anything to do with the character you're building in Jing Wei? It's not fun, its not silly, it has nothing to do with being a fast elite killer. It just reduces Jing Wei to another bland female sex symbol. We aren't looking at an Aphrodite pose here, this isn't a character who is in part defined by flaunting her sexuality. This pose says to the player base, oh we've got all these cool diverse characters, but at any moment we are willing to reduce them to sex symbols to help boost our investment game. Getting art into a triple A game isn't a small task, it has to go through an implementer, a team lead, an art director, and a creative director. This is a team effort. And I believe the team is responsible for upholding the great example Smite can set to the rest of the industry for creating strong female characters. I have a young daughter that everyday when I wake up wants to watch the recall trailer again. She knows who Jing Wei is, and as she grows up, she can grow up alongside these characters. What I'm asking is that as you continue to add to the Smite cast and investment elements, you double down on your commitment to create strong female characters. You've been doing a good job so far, but shipping with a Smite pose like this undermines so much of the good you've already done.
Lol Chris always sounds arrogant for the position he is in. He's not exactly wrong though, or it is arguable that he is right. Doesn't mean that we shouldn't be able to latch on the other problems of the game though.
Don't see how that is being rekt.
Well it seems like they don't get it and these threads keep popping up. Telling them why it's not right to me would probably help stop it rather than just downvoting. And why should I not get others to agree with me? Of course I do!
Sooo guys whose more S+++ tier? Yeah Susano is obnoxious, but Ao Kuang is way, way, way worse. He too can two shot, hell, even one shot squishies. He has an execute to get rid of tanks AND escape. Don't forget his stealth can initiate and escape well. Also you guys are forgetting the main thing here. HFM HAS DREAMHACK DESTINY IN THEIR OWN HANDS NOW! COME ON BOYS.
Smite ranked isn't in the best state now either, just FYI. But since you're new you have quite a long way to go and hopefully by the time you're level 30 they would've fixed ranked.
He isn't exactly uninstalling because he didn't like the game lol.
HFM IN DREAMHACK AHMAHGAD! Seriously love this team and their picks. Having the balls to bring out two of the lowest rated gods in the SMITE community in their decider game and making it work. Felt Leftovers spent too much on trying to counter HFM's wide god pool, and too aggressive on their ganks. AND AGAIN I CAN'T BELIEVE IT AHAHA YES HFM DONE IT! WHAT WAS THAT LIKE 12/14 WINS ON THEIR LAST STRETCH?
Followed him for quite a while for obvious reasons. He streamed SMITE for 15 days straight to test if he was burnt out on the game. He didn't stream for quite a while now so I guess he's probably not coming back.
I love me some rose tinted glasses.
I believe there was a comparison the other day that shown Hulkenberg scoring more points than Perez over their time as teammates. It's a matter between flashy results Vs consistency.
I was referring to the end of S1. Even at the start of SWC 2015 Confrey was still whipping out Aphro solo. In the end of the tourney almost no one played Mage solos anymore.
