boots look great. waxed laces over rawhide is kooky talk, though.
Yes, but it hasn't been officially processed yet, as they said they don't refund until it officially ships, which it hasnt yet.
natty cxl is probably my favorite boot I own. If I could only pic one, I'd definitely choose it over the shell, though obviously the shell is great too.
After VAT refund the pair I just ordered from oki-ni was 225
You handled that with far more dignity and aplomb than I would have.
I find the color on these a bit confusing. Pic #6 is the only one where they look tan/brown, the rest just look grey. Would you say most of the pics are true to color?
Side 1 is a great shot.
So who's going to sack up and do what needs doing on these EG shell derbies from the MrP sale? http://www.mrporter.com/en-us/mens/edward_green/windermere-cordovan-leather-derby-shoes/465706
Way off. They're going to be in the 150-200 range for sure,
Do they have to get it right? Isn't their whole business model based on avoiding all risk by putting all the uncertainty on the customer? They get to let the product validate itself. Plus I think they have a large enough user base of fanboys who will be in for one regardless. There's just no way to make a CXL sneaker for under $100 and still have room for profit though.
These look great! The last definitely reminds me of the OSB trench, but for half the price it seems like a great buy. The stitching all looks super tidy, and it has a great matte black finish. What's the outsole like? Commando lugged? Anyways, these seem like a great pickup for the price.
&gt; No eyelets though. We save you money by having you punch your own!
I would have thought so, but they fit somewhat different to my 110 boondockers. The boots are a size 9.5 and fit rather generously, whereas the oxfords are a size 10 and fit snugly in both the toe and heel. Could just be a difference in the leather or lasting process, but the fit really is quite different. Agree that my pics look similar to the reference pic in toe shape, though
I've only tried on the oxfords once, I'll check them again tonight.
[First wearing of my new CPs](http://imgur.com/kFHYIsX) Really impressed by how comfortable they are. Also appreciate that the redesign version has the cream soles rather than pure white. Overall just really enjoying these.
Wait what? Rancourt makes SWBs?
Maybe I'm just more laissez-faire about this stuff, but none of those seem like grounds for a return to me : / You'll see worse scuffs on literally your first wearing, and the heel thing seems pretty negligible inasmuch as it won't really cause any performance issues as far as I can tell.
Super impressed with shipping times from Oki-Ni in the UK. Ordered GATs on Sunday, and they're scheduled to be delivered today. I've ordered things from Chicago where I live that took 3 times as long as that to deliver.
I think if I'd lived closer to a distribution center that might have happened, but that it took an extra day to get to Chicago from there.
quick follow up, did you get hit with any customs from oki-ni?
super cool, love the RO heel counter
right, I figured it was them wanting to start the GYW run with their flagship boot that always sells well to test the waters
holy shit, look at this. [almost every size still available](http://viberg.com/collections/footwear/products/service-boot-brown-chromexcel)
I've tried on those shoes I would order the 8
I ordered them but ended up sending them back. They were nice shoes but just not what I was looking for. TTS is definitely the right way to go though.
Super cool, this exact pair and one in ravello are both grails for me. Pretty much the perfect boot. Enjoy.
&gt; if you ever need any in-person contact in Hungary, let me know, as I've been traveling there quite a bit lately and have a lot of Hungarian friends. remember how I gave you all those Nola suggestions? The girl and I are visiting Budapest and Prague later this year and would love suggestions of where to go.
I'm the second owner, but I bought them like-new from someone who they didn't fit. Let me see if I can snap some fit pics in a bit.
I just got the new achilles and like them a lot. The cream sole and cream laces are really great, and imo an improvement over the all-white retro achilles.
[family shot of my 5 pairs of vibergs](http://imgur.com/a/6PIku) I took for a writeup I'm doing for MFA.
&gt; So if I understand you correctly, the RL Marlow comes in only one brown shell color that they officially call "dark brown", but people sometimes refer to it as "cigar". I have no idea how many colors RL shell comes in, so I'm not sure if this is true or not. Shell can look very different in different colors though, so it's entirely possible those are the same shoe.
I really like shoes. I have about 25 pair and have probably spent somewhere around 5k total on them... : / Although I will insta-buy an Alden Ravello shell grant last boot if I see it (my grail), I don't see myself making too many more purchases any time soon, though.
Down a half for 2030, down a whole for 110.
I mean, it's clearly a hobby. No regular person NEEDS $700 shoes, and certainly not several of them. But it's the same as going to a fancy dinner. At some point, it's not about the utility of something that will fill you up for a few hours, but more about engaging with something you're generally interested in, and taking enjoyment and satisfaction out of the experience. Same with having nice shoes. It's something I like having, and typically do freelance work on the side for anything I want to buy, so that my main salary goes to my mortgage and shared finances with my girlfriend.
I've literally never done anything to them. This is essentially how they came out of the box plus some wear.
Not even close. Chicago.
Yes i think they probably would. A half size in length is roughly equivalent to a size in width.
No. It was stated in the SF forum that Guy said that for certain leathers (shell in particular), GYW was easier to work with, but it's not contained in their [official GYW announcement post](http://viberg.com/blogs/journal/25558660-introducing-goodyear-welt), so should probably be treated as hearsay/speculation.
Answers to a few of these are already known/knowable. Still think it's totally worth asking directly, but fwiw, here are a few quick thoughts on some of these: &gt; What was the decision making process behind the in-person sample sale in NYC? Do you foresee ever moving back to an online sample sale? Brett Viberg said somewhere on Instagram that this was simpler logistically, and wouldn't do another digital sample sale for the foreseeable future. &gt; -How do you think sales of the welted fashion boots have gone compared to your stitchdown fashion boots? What feedback have you gotten so far on the welted offerings? Sales are demonstrably poor, as evidenced by the near full availability of the brown cxl service boot several weeks after release, when they usually sell out within a couple days... Also, feedback on all social media has been overwhelmingly negative, so expect either to have this one ignored, or get a political response. &gt; -Roughly what percentage of business is from fashion vs. your traditional logger and workboots? Do you see this expanding in coming years? It was mentioned on SF that it's ~90% fashion these days.
Maybe. Although there's no way of knowing, there's no reason I'm aware of to assume that would be true, either.
&gt; Am I going to save money by buying quality $250 sneakers over some disposable $50 pair once per year? No. Robot said it well. And for sneakers I think the value proposition is even worse than for boots of dress shoes. I have a 2 pairs of Common Projects and a pair of MMM GATs and while I enjoy them all very much, if value prop is the name of the game, I don't think you're better off relative to getting something cheaper and just throwing it out after a year.
I can't wait to get mugged up there!
the Black RO are great
Anytime else in favor of eliminating the After Dark discussion threads? Theyre usually not very busy (15 or so comments) and then the next days GD comes along too late....
&gt; The food is Royal Canin Urinary SO I just switched one of my cats to that. It's crazy expensive, but if it solves her bladder issues its worth it.
I'd definiteyl order something on the 310 if it was in a tough, hard wearing leather. Something like a bridle or dublin or brown waxed flesh.
I sized mine the same
Wiwt: [MMM GATs](http://imgur.com/a/j37ri). First time I've worn them. So comfortable. Aotd: My legendary love of cashews.
Your toes really shouldnt ever touch the front of the boot. If the widest part of your foot sits at the widest part of the boot, that's definitely a good sign, but not the only indicator of perfect fit. Overall if they feel comfortable and fit snug in all the right places, you're probably good to go, and space in front of your toe isn't cause for concern.
It's hard to tell, but I'm wearing a sort of ankle sock. It's a bit taller than a no-show, but only about as tall as the shoe itself, which I figured was a pretty good compromise.
I thought the US office certainly had its moments, but... I don't know. At some point, it really fell off for me and I just sat there thinking, "I hate all of these people. I don't want to watch their antics anymore"
The crepe wrap looks comfortable, but also looks like it would just get obliterated by walking around on concrete in the city. If I lived in more of an outdoorsy place I'd definitely consider those, though.
i mean, there's already Jdate which, aside from the puntastic name, pretty much is OkJewpid.
Mine too if I wasn't already in an 8 year relationship with a goy.
winner
These are literally perfect.
&gt; South Park Stick of Truth I'm about an hour into this and am getting a little frustrated. You really think its worth sticking with?
i would subscribe to that.
Here you go http://shoplostfound.com/collections/viberg/products/viberg-natural-chromexcel-service-boot
Couldn't decide what boots to wear today. Then thought to myself, [Why not shell berg?](http://imgur.com/YLhDaCq,sNT7sew) GD: I started by writing up a giant wall of text about the nonsense regarding the banning of FPH, but then just deleted it because why bother and what's the point. Suffice it so, I'm unbelievably embarrassed by the behavior of my peers, and to call myself a redditor today.
you can love it, you just cant make love to it.
I like my belt from Orion and it was about $40
[Alden - Reverse Chamois Derbies - Sz 10C (barrie last) - ~~$200~~ $160](http://www.grailed.com/listings/98933-alden-reverse-chamois-derbies) - Although these are listed as a 10C, I wear a D width in everything and they don't feel at all tight or narrow to me. Feature a commando sole which makes them great for wet weather, but look fantastic sockless for summer. Even though they're a C width, they honestly don't feel at all narrow to me. I typically take a D and these fit just fine.
If anyone's willing to proxy me a size 10 gyw derby shoe (preferably olive calf) from the sample sale, hmu. Will compensate for your time.
Got a proxy on the viberg olive derbies... Makes that pair number 6 for me... and now twice the number of my next most-owned brand (alden).
I believe all of the olive calf run was GYW, as were mine. I saw some pics of other derbies that were SD, though.
On a boot of this caliber, is the grain embossed or authentic?
If it was anyone else I'd say embossed for sure, but EG is a whole other level that I honestly don't know too much about, so thought the real deal was at least a possibility.
If you get something please pm me. They were out of ten so I got 10.5, although supposedly gyw fits snugger so who knows
[The Onion, pertinent as usual](http://www.theonion.com/graphic/hunter-s-thompson-shoots-mouth-off-one-last-time-9694)
Looks awesome, my pair should arrive tomorrow. I had the choice between leather and dainite, and ended up going for the dainite, though now I'm kind of second guessing that. Leather sole looks great.
[135](http://imgur.com/XA5cXTL). Was just my first try, but think I could probably do a bit better if I tried again.
great combo
no joke, i get that (or some variation thereof) about once a week...
porntipsguzzardo
i can quit any time i want. i just dont want to.
*diabolicaljesus
Looks so good! Did your name just come up on the waiting list, or did you have to give someone an under the table handy, or what? That boot in ravello is my grail, but i love the cigar, too.
Crashing at an AirBNB in venice beach, but we're renting a car and will be going all over. Food: we're both big food people, and are open to just about anything, from fine dining all the way down to street food. I'd like to get some nice seafood while I'm out there, and good mexican food too, but honestly, totally open to whatever.
i can do that when i get home, though unfortunately I suspect the results aren't as conclusive as you're hoping for. All of my 2030 lasted boots have relatively different toe shapes to one another, as each leather takes the shape of the last quite differently.
probably natty cxl, they're just so cool, but close would be the tan calf just because the color is so unique, and because the delicate, thin calf leather really takes the shape of the 2030 last so well and gives a nice taper to the toe that the others don't quite get.
I have a patch like that on my shell dress shoes, its dryness not bloom
Awesome thanks so much, really appreciate the recos, will definitely look into these!
I believe it's 50%...
The contrast tongue makes the boot. Definitely don't purposely darken it!
The ironing is delicious.
Would have grabbed those but they'll only ship to your billing address which would be a nightmare. Whatever, doesn't need them anyways
Or his nipples, would would have made a pretty sharp medallion on the toe
In my experience heavier leathers fit larger and looser, not tighter, because they don't take the shape of the last as well
TTS for me.
That's not my finger. My penis actually has a condition called dermatosclerosis that causes it to grow a nail like a finger. Sharp eye!
Got back from LA late last night. Had an extremely close and personal encounter with the TSA getting on the plane, as they immediately pulled me into a little room and seemed kinda freaked out. After patting me down and riffling through all my stuff, they let me go, but I [found this sitting in the bin with my bag](http://imgur.com/uPsZlyn). Yeeps. Current theory is that because I hiked through the desert earlier that day, naturally occurring radioactive material triggered a false positive on the swab test. So that was fun. Incidentally, only took one pair of shoes to LA, my black M(M)M GATs. They got dusty as hell on the hikes I went through, but were comfortable throughout and brushed down admirably afterwards. After we got back from hiking, we were looking through my filmmaker friends' lookbook, and he had my exact shoes as part of his ideal wardrobe for one of the characters, and its only then that he looked down and goes, "Wait, did you go hiking through the desert today in $400 sneakers?"
&gt; Too bad I don't like any other companies as much, this experience has almost turned me off the brand. Im not sure I understand your complaint with Viberg's CS. They gave you an answer, and it wasn't the one you wanted, so you're mad at them...? How does that work?
yeah well it would have been easier to remember that if you hadn't deleted the post, wouldnt it?
Dayton service boots in charcoal.
Which charcoal, textured boot should I buy: RBC Dundalk or Dayton Service Boot?
&gt; Does anyone know how should I size in those? Size in what?
As /u/BAonReddit said, it's missed dye spots. Although you can try and mask it with polish, I would recommend not, as I don't think they will cover up completely without really caking the polish on, and I think it's likely you end up with something worse than what you started with. Fwiw, imo, I think that looks pretty good, and don't think anyone will notice, so I'd just leave it be.
It's friday after a long long week, and was just sitting at home watching the Sopranos. Like most of you, I've been absently flicking back and forth between the RBC massdrop swatches on and off all day. Had a free sec and mocked up the different colors in photoshop. Certainly not perfect, but hopefully of some interest to y'all.
I mean, it's super, super arbitrary deciding when the adjustment matches that little swatch. No clue how close I actually am, so definitely take with a grain of salt. edit: also, when you account for the lighting (natural daylight vs indoors), I actually think my olive looks pretty close to the one you linked.
oh cool, those Eastland mocs? Those are great, how do you like them?
imo, daytons. I like the shape of the last better for casualwear. I own one pair of RBCs (not dundalks though), and theyre very well made, but in general a bit dressy in terms of their shape. The daytons have more of a viberg-style chunkiness to them that I really, really like.
Just a heads up for anyone that looked at my RBC renderings: After looking at them again in the morning, t's possible the olive should be a bit greener/olive-ier, the charcoal should be a bit darker, and the cognac should be a little less saturated in its orange-ness. In doing these recolorings there's definitely a bit of guesswork, especially as you try to account for the lighting of the environment the boots are in. Case in point, the tone of the room is already pretty yellow/orange, which will make things that have a yellowish cast to them look less yellow, hence why the olive boots appear a bit grey here. If they were outdoors or in a more neutral environment, they will look a bit greener. But it's difficult to know for certain how accurately I've captured how this particular leather would look in this particular light. As such, treat these pics as a sort of rough guide, and use/rely on them at your own discretion
oh totally misread your post. dang.
http://www.amazon.com/Strong-Flat-Waxed-Shoe-Laces/dp/B007B8SKL0
Do it! Been loving my [ripple sole bergs](http://imgur.com/frCLD1o). The ripple is pretty subtle and you only notice it from certain angles.
Mine need new heels, too, but I've basically just taken them out of my rotation while I figure it out. Let me know what you end up doing.
I think a big part of the difference in demeanor is the culture of the two companies. Viberg is much more rock and roll. The owner is a young guy making extremely niche, high end boots for a hyper-fashion conscious subset, and doesn't really have much fear of alienating his audience. AE in contrast is much, *much* larger than Viberg. Exactly how much bigger is a guess, but by sales it's probably around 50x. It makes middle-tier, conservative products for bankers, lawyers and anyone else wanting a high quality, good value, but fundamentally conservative shoe. It comes from a classic tradition, and I have no doubt the dude really does personally know folks at Alden, etc. There's just no way he's ever going to say anything even remotely controversial in that context. Too much to lose, nothing to gain.
Moving sucks. Bought an apt with the gf last winter so hopefully I won't have to do it again any time soon &gt;.&lt;
Oh no doubt theyre great. But they can get pretty pricy. If youre really committed to saving that sweet sweet Berg money, you can make a pretty great yet affordable sportcoat out of thumbtacks and strips of beef jerky. If anyone asks, something something lady gaga
It's honestly just not a fight you're really ever going to win. When the lease is up, try to find people who live a lifestyle more compatible with yours.
An $800 shoe probably won't last 3x as long as a $250 shoe. It might not even last longer at all. Whether that extra $550 was "worth it" is entirely subjective.
[I own a tangente](http://imgur.com/UtBSUGt) and can't recommend it enough. I prefer the smaller 35mm version and find the proportions better than the larger 38mm model, but would urge you to try it out for yourself if possible. You can't really go wrong either way though.
The AEs carried by Nordstrom Rack are typically seconds, returns, or other rejects. Personally I think they're fine. The only thing that even raises an eyebrow is the crease in the first picture, but it's in an unnoticeable location and will crease up in a similar fashion naturally after a few weeks of wear. The scuffs and other color stuff later in the album are non-issues. I'd keep them, but if you're disappointed with them, then return them. But I wouldn't start engaging any customer service or contacting anyone about them, they're not going to have any useful information or ability to do anything except offer to return or exchange them. Just keep them or return them, whichever you prefer.
[Max Bill today](http://imgur.com/RNmBd6B) as I mourn the end of winter break before having to go back to work tomorrow. GD: Last week I swung by the Rolex AD, as I've been thinking about buying an Explorer for a while now. And in fact, I did! Just ordered a 114270 off the WUS forum last night. But I had a few interesting findings while I was there: • I was really surprised by how much I liked the Submariner. At 40mm it's larger than I typically like to wear, but it wore a lot smaller and more compactly than I expected it to. Definitely something I hope to own in the future. • The 39mm Explorer felt way too big, and really re-affirmed my choice to get the older 36mm version. • I also really liked the new Oyster Perpetuals, but again thought the 39mm size was too large. I wish the grey Rhodium dial with blue dots version came in 36mm. • Overall I was very impressed with the fit and finish of Rolex. They all looked much better in person than in photos, which was my exact opposite impression from visiting the Omega boutique, where literally nothing interested me. I had gone in thinking I was in love with the new 300m Seamaster, but was surprised to find I really didn't care for it at all in person. For whatever it's worth, I also seem to be something of an anomaly in that I've never particularly liked the Speedmaster from photos, and was equally non-plussed after seeing one in person... For reference, I'm 6'3, so I'm on the tall side, but have relatively small-ish wrists at 6.75". I still have reservations about wearing a Rolex. I'm really worried it sends the wrong message, especially as I'm a partner at the business I work at, but it's a very, very casual office and no one really dresses up at all, let alone wear luxury watches. But I got a pretty reasonable deal on my Explorer and am confident I can get out even or at a small loss if I find myself too uncomfortable wearing it, so I figured, what the hell, let's give it a shot!
voted!
im not, i just googled the model and it came up.
in my opinion this is way too big for you, but sometimes photos can be a little misleading, and it depends on how you wear it, how big you are in general. I also like smaller watches, but yeah, to me that looks way too big.
i think the most important thing is that you be happy with them, not that you do what strangers on the internet tell you to do. if you're not happy, you should return them.
"Value" is arbitrary and subjective. Why do mechanical watches have value when quartz is cheaper and more accurate? Why buy a luxury swiss watch when a seiko 5 is also mechanical at 5% of the price? I understand you think that markup is unreasonable, and I don't disagree, per se. But what is the "cost" of exclusivity? And for that matter, what is its "value"? Some people have so much money that exclusivity starts to be the only thing that matters. They can already have essentially anything they want, so exclusivity becomes a commodity.
I've literally never seen a watch that old with a case diameter that large. I'm sure they do exist (or used to at least), but finding one that also meets your other conditions sounds extremely difficult, and if somehow all those stars align, be prepared to pay through the nose.
if /r/goodyearwelt counts (which it sort of does as long as you also post your shoes) then yes!
that jacket is amazing.
Looking forward to a lazy Saturday before going to Hateful Eight later tonight, so shoes yet, today, but did want to share my [latest acquisition](https://i.imgur.com/jh7O2vO.jpg). Picked this guy up used this week and it's amazing!
i used watchrecon to find a seller on WatchUSeek.
36mm, it's a 114270. i tried the newer 39mm on at an AD and it was waaaaay too big. I much prefer smaller watches and think this is pretty much the perfect size
Such watches are sold every day on ebay. There are various reasons you might not want to use them, but safety isn't really one of them. In addition, I just bought a rolex through Watchuseek without any issue. I also don't understand what kind of AD doesn't have a return policy. That and the warranty are the literal only reasons to buy through an AD. Now that window might have elapsed and it could now be too late, but it would surprise me if that had never been an option if it was truly purchased through an AD. Start by listing it on Ebay, Amazon and in the watchexchange sub. You can also try listing it on watchuseek, rolexforum, etc., but your lack of prior posting history might be an obstacle for those sites. List it at a slight loss and see what happens. If no one bites, you honestly don't have a ton of other options, except to keep lowering the price, or waiting for the right buyer to come along.
I have the black version of this watch, which is a different color and has no date. I like it well enough. It's very beautiful, though it sometimes feels a little delicate, not quite as solid as some of my other watches. Overall I do recommend it though.
Nothing wrong with posting here, but I'd also recommend going to watchrecon, set a budget of ~$650-700 (people will usually negotiate), and just browse around. Even if you don't end up buying or offering anything on there, it will give you a good idea of what options are available at that price range.
ok, so I just got the first clear, and I'm very, very confused, because the level ended a lot sooner than I expected it to. Is there an easy ending and a hard ending? If so, you should remove the easy ending. The level was very fun and interesting, so for that reason, it was extremely disappointing and anticlimactic to have to beat the level after dropping through the pipe and into the turnaround with the chicken sound effects. I wanted to interact with the rest of the level but wasn't given the option to. To clarify, the way I beat the level utilizes extremely few of the screens. I don't think I cheesed it either... Idk
yep, this is what i did.
Short answer: taste is subjective. People wear what they like. I may disagree with what someone else likes, but neither of us are "correct". Our tastes are our own. Long answer: Clothing is a very, very old human invention. We've literally always had it. So clothes have had a long time to be integrated into a ton of cultural traditions. As such, we all wear clothes. They're necessary for modern life. And we all understand basic rules of how to use them, some with more nuance or style than others. But none of that is really quite true about watches. Sure there is etiquette and history around what kind of watch is appropriate for which settings. But the key is, not everyone wears a watch, and extremely few of the people who do actually *need* to (as opposed to choose to.) So there is just way less cultural attention and definition over their usage. I think there's also a general generational shift away from putting much importance on clothes as a cultural signifier, but that's a whole other topic. Anyways, all of which to say, watches never really developed an "objective" (depending on who you ask) correct size. As in all things, watch design is subject to fashions and trends, but in clothing, there are actual rules (in addition to fashion and trends too, of course)
[Nomos](http://imgur.com/aebaiRU) for the sake of balance as I restrain myself from only wearing [my new Rolex](http://imgur.com/dS9ZKpG) every single day.
Viberg Natural CXL Service Boot, my favorite pair i own
very nice, domed crystal looks excellent on this piece.
This in my opinion is the ultimate version of this watch. The simplified dial layout, aluminum bezel, alpha hands and display caseback are all huge improvements over the typical speedy. Throw that bad boy on a tan leather strap and you're getting close to perfection territory.
what do you like better about it, the darker color?
since when does saying "what do you guys think" constitute insecurity? Have I expressed any ambivalence, insecurity or uncertainty at any point in this thread? I'm unsure what the above is based on, but think it makes you sound pretty condescending : / Is THAT the trait Rolex had in mind in designing the explorer?
I have the black version of this and got it for ~$730 or so from some Spanish grey market site
This is a great boot, and I would take the cxl over shell any day!
There's too much variance in this price range to give particularly useful advice without any direction. At this budget you can get a watch in almost any style you can imagine. People have suggested watches in this thread that I would never be caught dead wearing, but different folks for different folks, and whatnot. I would personally get either a Rolex SubC or [IWC portuguese](http://www.uhren-fan.de/img/articles/03.0405_1.jpg) if you like something sporty, or something like this [JLC](http://www.chrono24.com/en/jaegerlecoultre/master-ultra-thin-moon-39-stainless-steel--id3432754.htm) for something dressier. But who cares what I like? What do you like?
I work in a very casual work environment and find shell to be very ostentatious. I've owned 5-6 pairs of shell footwear, but sold them all off except for a pair black alden oxfords which are my go-to dress shoes. Even a casual color like Ravello just doesn't work for me, and I've found I much prefer calf, cxl, or latigo, or textured leathers like RO or suede.
Parnis makes a knockoff Portuguese that's like $120.
&gt; 14060 Looking for one myself, please pm me with info or a listing!
[Let's go exploring] (http://i.imgur.com/6wQqCzX.jpg)
&gt; the new but used the what?
these are sick, and I've always loved this makeup. Not my size, but an easy pickup for anyone in the market for this kind of thing.
I think the white MB Chronos is an amazing piece. I don't generally care for the visual complexity of chronometers, but if I was going to own one it would definitely be that one in white.
Very nice boots! Great pickup. One quick clarification, #8 and #16 aren't related to one another, so your description is a bit confusing/misleading. Color #8 is the name of a dye blend used by Horween in Chicago, and refers to the red concentration in the dye. #2 is bright, fire engine red, #4 is a more cherry red, and #8 is a dark burgundy. Color 16 is not anything I've ever heard of. But the description notes that the horsehide is Italian, making it likely this leather is from Comipel. Color 16 must be one of their color gradations, but it's not something that would be commonly understood, and isn't related to #8 at all.
I live around the corner from Small Cheval. It's.... dangerous.
i bought a nomos tangente off chrono24. Deal went off just fine, so I can't speak to what happens if anything goes wrong.
navy shell strap looks awesome on the speedy!
Sounds like he was out of town on business.
I work in design/technology, and I literally never seen anyone wearing anything nice of any kind ever. It's all crap, all day, everywhere you look. Watches, shoes, grease stained tshirts, the whole shebang, just all total and utter crap.
Suede game on point http://imgur.com/a/eqF20
Your first sentence doesn't seem true. Or at least, it fails to account for the fact that if there are two pirates left but you lose the flip to be the one who proposes the split, you get nothing, which I think changes your EV
Not at all disagreeing with you, but just adding on to say that the Fat Guy / Skinny Guy pairing has a ton of history, and is a long established trope, especially in comedy http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/FatAndSkinny
I'm not sure there's a real answer to this question. If you're asking for my preference, it would be the C&amp;J. I prefer the shape of the last. But that's super subjective. They're pretty comparable shoes, and either should serve you well. Go with your gut, or perhaps be influenced by the advice of this sub or others. But I don't think think there's a real right and wrong here, and don't think you should stress about it too much.
&gt; I guess that is just the inescapable nature of this hobby. I guess that is just the inescapable nature of ~~this hobby~~ all hobbies. Everything in life has diminishing returns, and the dopamine rush of the shiny new thing gets harder and harder to capture with each subsequent purchase.
Except that there's a lot of things you can get addicted to that don't have a direct physiological component, like gambling. And for some things that do have a physiological component, the line between addicted and not-addicted is semi-arbitrary. Addiction is a complicated topic that with numerous pathologies, so simplifying it to the relatively narrow definition of addiction akin to nicotine isn't particularly accurate either.
&gt; Addiction is not defined by its effect, but by its cause. That's not really true. I checked the [MW defintion](http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/addiction), which as you might expect is not particularly medically specific but definitely refers more to the effect than the cause. I also checked the [DSM definition](https://www.danya.com/dlc/bup/pdf/Dependence_DSM.PDF) which defines addiction as having any 3 of 7 listed traits. Of these, the distinction is admittedly a little arbitrary in the context of our conversation, but I would broadly classify the first three as biological, and the last 4 as social.
Im surprised you feel that way despite also owning an explorer. I was very underwhelmed by the sarb033, which directly drove me to get the real deal in a 114270.
Maybe (probably) other people are better at that than me, but I personally found searching for and killing the lizards in the hallow to be an enormous pain in the ass that wasn't worth my time.
nomos tangente, rolex explorer I (36mm), omega aqua terra (blue dial).
I think CXL is a little unfairly bemoaned here, and think for that boot its the perfect material! I'm sure you'll enjoy your pair.
considering you didn't want a cxl boot yourself, would you include yourself among that group?
I bought them second-hand, so I'm not exactly sure, but I believe they were from the original Styleforum sample sale from 3 years ago.
i take the same size in 2030 and barrie. Don't own trumans though.
I only ever wear jeans, but no, I never bother matching my belt.
I think it was a joke question, but the honest answer is that the zwei wouldn't have made a significant difference. I emptied an entire stamina bar's worth of hits into him and only got him to about half health. Although the zwei hits harder with each hit, it takes more stamina, and wouldn't have done significantly more damage, and wouldn't have made a difference in the outcome.
Still love my [Indies](http://i.imgur.com/gxt3Nqu.jpg), the first GYW pair I ever bought.
&gt; For a guy who's presumably working alone out of his workshop that might well be a perfectly agreeable way to to run things. That's true. If he's not interested in increasing sales and is happy doing what he's doing, then that's certainly his prerogative, and nothing anyone thinks really makes a difference.
In terms of the economics of this argument, I already addressed that [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/Watches/comments/4ms8bd/discussionwhat_are_the_watches_with_the_best_value/d3y8hcg). However, if I were a craftsperson, I would personally be embarrassed to be represented by that website. The fact that this guy isn't is something I chalk up to a generational divide that places no importance on the internet. That wouldn't be my view, but as above, it's his prerogative.
I've spent a while trying to figure out how to jokingly make a comment to the effect of "fancy everything except the watch" that didn't come off as dickish, but so far no luck. I do genuinely mean it in good humor, though. So what gives?
yeah, not sure if any RWs have pull loops. but really just use common sense. You want to always try to preserve the natural shape of the shoot, so not crushing or deforming them when taking them on/off is really what's key.
thanks! I have two, this and a tangente, and I really love them both.
ehhhh.... I haven't played all of those games, but I've played enough of them that I feel are so completely unlike dark souls, I'm not sure I give much credence to the rest of the list. Does Dark Souls have some extremely specific qualities in common with Metroid? Sure, I guess. Does the gameplay, story or most of the mechanics feel anything at all like Metroid? In my opinion, no not really. Ditto the above for Ninja Gaiden, Zelda, The Witcher, and all roguelikes. I suppose it is similar to SotC in that you have to first find the boss and then figure out the key to beating it, sometimes in rather surprising or unintuitive ways... except that I hated every second of SotC and find DS to be more interesting and enjoyable in basically every way.
I thought california dials had roman numerals on the top half and arabics on the bottom?
Great boot, great choice. Point of interest: they're the only boot worn by podcaster and official smart guy Roman Mars of 99% Invisible https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CAEVshSUsAEtkfq.jpg:large
Thanks! they've been sitting in their box for over a week and I've held off on wearing them out because I wasn't sure if I would keep them, but said fuck it this morning and wore them to work.
They generally feel pretty good. The shaft is pretty stiff, but that's to be expected and not much worry for me. Of slightly more concern is that while the sizing is spot on, they're a bit uncomfortable as I walk right at the site of pronation, as the leather folds and sits stiffly above the arch. Its not too bad though, and I expect that to loosen up a bit, as well (unlike the carmina shell GMTOs jumpers, which felt like a knife on the top of my foot with every step).
Thanks man, just got the boots in after going on a year-long shoe cop freeze and selling off some of my lesser-worn pairs. They were pricy so I've been holding off on wearing them out until I was sure I would keep them, but took them to work for the first time today.
interesting. isn't hand-welting and fine finishing Enzo's big value proposition?
Alden certainly has a "take it or leave it" attitude to their entire company, from the extremely traditional and conservative designs, to their supposedly somewhat uncooperative and unsympathetic customer service. I don't have any stats or sales figures, but my sense is that Alden is probably bigger than many of the other makes we talk about here combined, and certainly in its pricepoint, and probably only smaller than AE. That doesn't excuse their being notoriously prickly when it comes to dealing with their customers, but does at least explain it a little.
easily the worst part about SF. I bought a great apt in Chicago with my fiance for just under 300k.
dang more than I would have thought. Interestingly, the pair I find the most attractive (at least from those pics) is also by far the cheapest, as the Meermins look pretty great from that angle. However (and I swear I'm not saying this just because I now own a pair, or at least not consciously), I don't think any of them look nearly as good as real EGs.
Right now, Chicago is really at the absolute apex of the intersection of livability and opportunity. There's so much good work here in just about every field, but compared to NY or SF it's just so much more affordable. Granted you only make 80-90% for comparable work as you would in those other markets, but it literally costs less than half as much to live.
I don't own a pair, but I've tried these on a couple times at their homestore in Chicago, and they definitely fit TTS.
&gt; lobb converse style sneakers I didn't know that was a thing so I just looked them up. Well, now I know that it's a thing, but I still don't know *why* it's a thing.
[Max Bill](http://i.imgur.com/Us2pLye.jpg) peaking out from the shade.
Very nice, have had my eye on a 2503.80 for a little while now. Definitely plan to pick one up at some point.
While I think it's broadly true of all boss fights that your strat is more important than your stats and gear, I think that this is both especially true of O&amp;S, and also the first fight that really requires you to constantly be cognizant of the environment and the boss' physical relationship to you. Once you learn how to do it, the fight is honestly not that hard, but you will almost not certainly figure it out on your first try. But that's what makes it fun, and this is easily my favorite boss fight in the game.
&gt; I have heard about the monk straps working well with jeans I personally would not do that, but other people seem to make it work... If you don't feel like you can pull it off, though, I'd stay away. As far as a derby goes, I like the old Allen Edmonds Leeds, but don't like some of the stitching lines on the 2.0 release, but you could try and find the old model on Shoe Bank. Otherwise, Meermin seems like the other clear option at this pricepoint. Their current shoe offering doesn't have a ton of options, but if you're willing to consider boots they have a couple nice choices, in both [smooth calf](https://meermin.es/articulo.php?idArt=4674) and [pebble grain](https://meermin.es/articulo.php?idArt=4640).
what were you doing? not sure I'm an expert or anything, but I've beaten them a few times and definitely have a clear sense of what I personally think is the best way to go about it.
OP, just for reference, that's not a stain, that's just a natural part of the shell tanning process. Everyone's Nomos strap probably has something like that on the back.
&gt; but to imply that you shouldn't be able to get a style simply because it doesn't have the name/cost associated with the big boys is... off. I believe you should be able to, but that good taste is choosing not to.
so red....
I've never appreciated his standup, but I did like Master of None
I don't disagree he was great, I just don't think he was the first bassist to be characterized as "the greatest"
I also came to comment on the disconnect between the title and the many thousands of dollars collection, but looks like that angle is already pretty well covered.
