I agree. Brady this year reminds me of Payton Manning in 2012 or 2013, playing at a crazy level, but I think in a couple years we'll start to see the decline more.
If anything, they Tennesseed
My Raiders don't really need an extra receiver, but if we picked up Leonte Carroo I would be ecstatic still
Marrone would be the best fit imo, he did ok in Buffalo and that was without a decent QB.
If I was a QB about to get drafted high, I would just refuse to play for the Browns Eli style. Until they decide to have a decent roster before grabbing a QB every two years, there's just no chance anyone could succeed there.
Smart move for this draft would be to trade down and take a WR or DB in the first, right?
One B1G championship? Yes, please!
If you just blow up the team for picks, you'd be in a better situation than us or the jags were in 2012 when we started rebuilding. It'll be a couple of years of pain before things pick up, but it not like the Browns are close to competing either way.
The Cowboys have been nothing short of outstanding and working with troubled players. They've kept Greg Hardy from getting into any trouble this year, same with Randy Gregory. Dez's biggest problem has been that PETA doesn't like his monkey. If there's one place Johnny can succeed, it's Dallas.
Too busy tweeting
The Browns should hire Schwartz. He turned the Lions from a 0-16 laughingstock to a respectable team that even made the playoffs. He won't be the best coach, but he could be a good stepping stone for the Browns to start to show some signs of life.
He can't be so stupid as to record a snapchat of himself in Vegas and not expect it to come out... Can he?
The best was at the half when they asked what adjustments Chip would make and he said none.
I remember seeing that all the time in 2013! He would just keep going backwards under pressure and either give up a way bigger sack than he should've or got lucky.
Hire Spagnuolo please! He would be a really great fit for the giants.
ESPN Las Vegas does not lie
Even though I'd be sad if the Raiders moved to LA, I at least know they'd be in good hands.
Can you imagine Djax and Maclin with Jordan Matthews in the slot in that offense?
I think Josh Ferguson should have a good performance and could get drafted somewhere in the 5-6 range. He played some great football at Illinois and could be a good third down back.
What's the answer then? Go full Browns and fire a coach every year or two? If you fire a coach after two years (one of which he made the playoffs) that job loses a ton of it's value and you get stuck picking up all the crappy coaches no one wants.
Vince Young, guy was really special in college and looked so good early on with the Titans. I thought he was gonna be a star.
He's not good, he's elite
Nobody but Al Davis would have taken him anywhere near that high though.
He'd be like this for the first three quarters then play well in the fourth
To be fair their is basically just Nuk
That makes more sense. I definitely agree.
I think that was Mallet this season
If he tore his ACL he definitley won't be back week one
I think Marrone or Schwartz or Mike Smith could be a good hire for a team like you guys who are just trying to become decent again, but teams that already have a QB and a good young core should look to getting a better than just ok coach.
Worked for Tebow
I think it depends where he's taken, the first is way too early, and I think even a second is a little high. He's not a good fit for the offence PSU ran the past few years, but that doesn't give him an excuse to look as bad as he has at times.
Lynch is from Memphis
I'd be afraid to become a Raiders fan and then move to LA
Is SEC bias over?
Is the LA money really gonna be better? Everyone there is a Raiders fan, and nobody is gonna care about the chargers, especially now that the Rams are in LA too.
On the bright side, if Spanos wins the powerball, all your problems are solved.
And Oakland
The wee-**duh**
Spanos will sell the Chargers and then the new owner will move to St. Louis.
&gt; He never stood FTFY
The floor for OSU is three loses. And I doubt that'll even happen. I think they lose to Michigan and Wisconsin. Maybe PSU or Northwestern, but I doubt it.
If Florida gets QB they could be dangerous, but Tennessee should be the favorite for sure.
Chip might pick up Bradford
If RG3 would just not hold on to the ball forever, he wouldn't need an elite O-line
They've got a bunch of pro bowl players on their roster, and have a ton of young talent. You realize Al Davis is dead and not being stupid with the team, right?
Doc figuring everything out is a big if though.
Tunsil to the Titans is being mocked by just about everyone
Every time they mention a scrappy gym rat catching the ball for NE
How else you gonna beat the Pats?
Andy Reid
I like what you guys are doing. Might as well go all out with the unconventional plans when you're in the hole you've dug yourself in. Plus Hue Jackson is an excellent hire.
Not so fast Carson Palmer!
Happy Valley is a good one about the Penn State scandal
It does sounds hella whiny from them, but that doesn't mean it's not true
Treadwell at four is really high
Little of the first, lot of the second
I think you guys would win, but if Brock was in and receivers could catch it could be close.
That whole game all I could think is how Jameis was about to lead the most amazing comeback ever
I'd like a mix between college and nfl OT. Whoever wins the coin flip gets the ball from the 50 and they have to go for 2 every time. If the other team doesn't match game over.
Sarah probably had to write a letter for her 8th grade English class
Chiefs don't even have a Superbowl lol Edit: I'm stupid
His throwing motion is gonna need to get quicker
1000+
Unless the Browns don't take a QB
Please Jim, we need this
He doesn't have quite the arm Joe Flacco has
The tickets are given away by lottery, so it'd be hard to get in day one. IIRC days two and three should be a lot less in demand, so you might want to just plan on those two.
Carroo?
30 point games are incredibly rare in college due to the fact that players generally have much lower minutes, so that's not quite as surprising as you might think.
So great to watch and then we choked against the Rockets and didn't get to play you guys in the final...
As in 25 mil?
You guys should have some more depth and with a strong running game and a QB better fit to your system you should be good. Plus OSU and MSU might not be as good next year.
Leonte Carroo is going to have a massive game, he might be the best WR in the whole draft
San Antonio though
Well according to his autobiographies he is at least
6th most interceptions of all time, I think he deserves it
Why the hell was Spagnolo starting Landon Collins at FS? Everybody thought he was a coverage liability and only a box safety (which wasn't true) before the draft last year.
Get a defense full of Clemson guys
I would not want to draft Lynch, unless we resign Bradford
Peaches at the peach bowl
Skip Bayless lol
Not Gronk?
Only if we signed Bradford to a one year deal or something. I don't like Bradford, but Lynch needs to time to develop. I'd rather wait to get a QB next year, I don't think anybody good for us will be at 13.
I'm not very familiar with the whole stadium situation. Instead of building a new stadium, why not just upgrade/renovate the O.Co? It'd cost a lot less, and Mark Davis wouldn't have to move (which I don't think he wants to)
Wait, who did you guys hire as your HC again?
We met in the first round two years ago lol
That's so Oakland, love it!
Verne and Gary
If the Broncos win the superbowl this defense will be up there with the Seahawks two years ago.
That's cause Flacco is just above average in the regular season, but transforms into an elite QB in the postseason.
No matter who wins this game I'm unhappy. Every play makes me sad.
This is a good way to end the game
They're not kicking an extra point lol
Bad news guys, this is the last football game we have of the season without Phil Simms commentating.
That's how you get downvoted 'round these parts
I'm glad we got rid of him
At least there's no Dan Fouts...? That's all I got.
How do you think he grades compared to TJ Yeldon?
Wow. Not elite Carson.
LOL What's your favorite pastry NFC Championship game?
Lance Stephenson blows
Get some good reps for if they need it in the Super Bowl
At least we wont be paying him for two more years lol
The amount of talent you guys have is unbelievable. Chris Harris as a UDFA? Virgil Green in the 7th? CJ Anderson as an UDFA? Crazy.
It really is a crazy situation he came from, really cool story. I just wish he was a little more humble, might've gotten him another ring or two and the ability to be in the GOAT conversation as well.
Hopefully anyone replaces Phil Simms
Comparing everybody to BB isn't gonna make many guys look good
Has McAdoo actually gotten minutes? I loved the guy at UNC.
That's his ceiling
When you see his speed and how he looks on the field it's hard to believe he's 300 pounds.
They're bad, but still better than Fouts or Simms.
Better O-line and running game, but Indy has crazy good receivers.
Plus Phillip Dorset lol
FREE LOBSTER BUFFET WITH EACH TICKET SOLD
Fuller's good, but he's more of a deep threat than anything else. Kinda like Devon Smith was seen as last year.
He's not quite the athlete Austin was, but he's certainly not too far off. Devin Smith got a reputation as a guy who could only go deep which wasn't totally true, that was just his best skill. I feel the same about Fuller this year, I just don't know if I think he's worth a first round pick. There's still a lot left in the predraft process though, so he could raise his stock to that point.
I've seen Robinson go as high as #3 in some drafts, which to me is ridiculous. When I watch his film, I see a solid run defender, but he doesn't overpower the O-line like Billings, Nkemdiche and maybe Reed do. You can make a case for Robinson over Reed or Nkemdiche (especially because the character concerns with the latter), but he's nowhere near as dominant as Billings is.
You're that high on him?
Literally no one here is saying that
He's a rookie though, there's a lot of room for improvement, I think people are just assuming he won't get much better even though most players are inefficient and bad defenders as rookies.
I wouldn't say Thompson is an offensive liability. The cavs have so much offence, they don't really need him to do anything but rebound and defense which he does really well.
He's not a power forward
Myles Turner could develop into a reliable second option. I see him playing at a LMA level in a few years.
You can also get the rights to foreign players who won't be able to play for a few years.
Could be Stephenson too
Debatable, but a valid opinion.
They took a second mortgage
Am I crazy for wanting Austin Rivers to replace him as a 6th man? He'd be a cheaper guy to sign, so we could go out and get a better starting SF.
I mean think about our best players. Blake Griffin punched a guy in the face, CP3 hits people in the crotch, DJ had that whole Dallas fiasco last year, and anyone who remembers JJ Reddick when he was at Duke probably still has some hate left over.
And he's bad against the run. Collins is so good against the run that it doesn't really matter though.
The worst thing is they have a few good young guys, and if they had those picks they could be really dangerous in a few years.
Are there any guys well known as douches who have led their teams to success? I know I've heard Kevin Love is a jerk, but he never led his team to the playoffs. Most guys who lead their teams to greatness are loved by at least their teammates, and even if not they seem to be so passionate about winning that they at least command the respect of their team. LeBron, Curry, Duncan, Kobe, KG, Dirk all fit in one or both of these categories. The only example I can think of is Dwight, and it's been a while since he led his team to the finals.
Stop leaving Draymond open for threes lol
Yes
So the starters can play the whole second half
Tristan Thompson looking like a PG!
Smh all those people who kept saying Love needed to be traded
He just won Cleveland a title, could get a lifetime extension
Varejao and Ezili both played awful, losing Bogut really hurt
Join CP3 Wade and Melo?
I really doubt LeBron would move unless he could get all his guys. Who knows though, problem is Blake's trade value is so low right now that we wouldn't get the best value for him. We'd probably still be able to get a good PF to replace him and some great bench guys, so I'd be down.
Happened with the Celtics years ago and Kendrick Perkins had to shoot the free throws (Perk's rookie year I think). The other team's coach picks a player to shoot IIRC.
I actually agree. JR making those contested threes when the Cavs were down brought the momentum right back to Cleveland. Love defense was super key, but if it wasn't for JR, I think the Warriors would've had a big lead.
My mom was convinced the game was gonna end in a tie and both teams would be crowned co-champions.
Green just got resigned last year
It would totally work. Curry and Thompson aren't ball dominant players, you basically have KD handle the ball and then if he can't get a good look pass it out to an open Curry/Klay. Plus KD is a team player, and he'd do anything to make his team better, even if it is a lesser role on offense.
I mean it's a bad trade for sure, I'm just trying to explain why anyone would think it makes sense.
Bulter, Klay and Redick are better players to have if your team already has a star player, Harden is a better player to have as your best player. A team like Indiana would probably rather have Klay than Harden because he's a better fit, but a team like Boston would love Harden because he'd *the guy* there.
Actually Indiana probably would do well with Harden. Hill and George are both excellent defenders, so they could really keep Harden to guarding the worst offensive wing, which he could actually do fairly well.
I agree with your points on him using players wrong, but that's his coaching. I think he's a good GM, he just makes a lot of really frustrating calls as a coach.
I think the Dunn rumors are just a smokescreen. Coangelo said yesterday that if they were to get another high first round pick (like the Celtic's) he would take someone who compliments whoever they take at one. So if they take a guy like Simmons who isn't a strong shooter, they'd take a good shooter with three (Murray), but if they took a good shooter like Ingram with 1, they'd take someone who could pass (Dunn). Unless the take Ingram, I think Murray's their guy.
Kemba is better than Bledsoe
Kyrie is better than Lowry, but Lowry is clearly a step above anybody else in that third tier.
Somebody keep the Cleveland fans away...
In other words the LeBron James comparisons are apt
&gt; He's soft asf too I didn't realize we we're talking about Dwight
Payne was just a rookie last year, so it's totally possible for him to improve to be a solid backup.
Maybe. I definitely wouldn't call him a lock though.
How is Knight on Defense? Suns games are never on, so I don't get to see any of your players.
I would think of Iowa as the B1G party school.
He got sacks, but he's so undersized that he couldn't do anything against the run. The numbers look good, and he has some flashy plays, but he was a net negative because he would get overpowered by offensive linemen. His stats might look good, but there's a reason he didn't make the roster, and it wasn't because he was gay.
Asik's contract is already bad enough, you don't need another one. I'm just not sure what you guys could do to improve as a team. Tank for a year and hope to get another high first round pick? Jrue and Tyreke don't really have a ton of trade value, so I'm not sure if it'd be a good idea to get rid of them for assets.
Pau isn't fast enough to be playing PF anymore. Although it would be improvement on Scola.
I agree that Conley shouldn't be in that tier, but Millsap is so underrated. He's a great defender (which Kyrie is not), and doesn't have any glaring holes in his game, definitely a top 20 player.
Jarvis Landry too
Like I usually don't like protesters, but this is pretty funny, and totally harmless. Definitely gives me an interest in their cause. Especially with NFL games since I don't mind it when a coorporation that does such sketchy stuff like the NFL gets inconvenienced.
Lol you guys have Ted Ginn
As the old saying goes, two PFs are better than one
Payne is terrible. Like he's probably the worst player on the Wolves bench, and that's saying something.
The joke is that the Rocket's dominated so much they're still hitting threes the next day
His win against the niners looked decent.
I mean one more year isn't gonna screw them over. It's not like there are any great qbs in free agency
And then back to LA
It's hard to predict team success unless you know what team they go to. Ball reminds me of Kidd, and Fultz reminds me of AI. I think they'll both be good though.
Then obj's iconic catch from a few years back wouldn't be allowed in. It's more about the content of the highlight then it's effect in the game.
True, but other than Capela, him and Ariza I can't think of another positive defender they have. To me that makes Brewer more valuable than a guy like Korver who they already have a lot of player like. Unless Korver's a good defender, honestly I don't know.
Maybe. It's hard to know for sure without giving it a try. I know it works perfectly on /r/nba but they have a few games every day rather than one day with 90% of the games for the week on it. I think it's worth testing out in preseason or something and then deciding from there, because there's really no way to know with a sub this big.
Bad Decisions is a bop though, probably my second favorite song on DW
You guys won the game though
He didn't even get flagged on that! That play triggers me so much.
Blake Sims is in the NFL? I would not think he could make it.
Unwritten's prechorus is ICONIC, the way it goes from quiet to louder and bigger just brings so much to the chorus when it finally hits.
I feel like vet. min or ring chaser contracts shouldn't count. It's more guys who got better after signing the contract like Curry, Klay, Dray if we're talking about the Warriors.
Sounds like you don't trust the process
Probably Butler, maybe crowder. Shut down may have been an exaggeration, but they could hold KD to 20ish and have everyone else score less.
You think? I think between all those guys and Stevens coaching they could get KD to average 20ish for a series. Like 22-23. Maybe I overestimate them though.
I mean I'm just saying they could lower his PPG for a series three from his season averages. Shut down was an exaggeration.
Didn't they have the number one D last year and Panther had the #1 Offense? 1-1 isn't bad.
Lol you guys got stuck with the next KD
I think I heard somewhere that he kept going to counseling even after the required time was over. That leads me to think that he really wants to change, and it's not just what he has to do. One of the big problems is that a lot of guys who come from low income backgrounds (not that it's not a problem everywhere) see DV at a young age and think it's normal. I don't think most of these guys are doing things to hurt others necessarily, but they're just mirroring what they've grown up seeing. Even more than being an individual problem, it's also a cultural problem, which makes it that much worse.
You have multiple smash mouth records?
Every game I see Delon is a DNP, what's up with him? I loved him as a Ute.
I'm not really sure what the Hawks are up to, but since they traded Korver I'd have to think they're gonna sell Milsap. If I'm the Raptors I can offer Poeltl and a solid wing/guard off our bench. What would you think about that offer? Also what are other realistic offers you could see from other teams?
Ah. Has he played much since being drafted?
KD is better in a vacuum, but I think it's a bit easier to build a team around Harden than KD. Like KD's playing his best overall basketball this season, but it's impossible to build a team like Golden State, while it's possible to build a team as good as Houston (if not a bit better). It's really close either way though.
I don't think Colts fans can make fun of anybody's o-line
I'm a Raiders fan lol, just switched to bandwagon. Also the Dolphin's line has been legit this season, big reason they're in the playoffs.
So the next Doc Rivers
When did Ginobili get traded to the Celtics?
Most of my coworkers who go to Dubs games every other week it seems even admit they've never cared about the team until just recently when they started winning. I know a few OG Warriors fans (and I love them to death), but I'd say a majority don't really care about basketball much. Basically if you wanna know if someone's a bandwagoner just ask them about Monte Ellis.
