http://joosejuice.co.uk About £7 for 60ml. Not sure about postage. It's not the best, but it's perfectly vapable and has good service.
&gt;I really don't think it is the right time to speculate about the exact cause of death at this time I agree, but Lord Oakeshott seems to have little doubt as to what happened. Very sad.
I don't think they will be competitive on any level. ELO has them rated at 75th in the world, and only 32 teams will qualify. I'd be surprised if they didn't loose every match by 8 goals.
Yes, their marketing could have been better. Now they sell 30ml, but you get two bottles, so it's 60ml, but I don't know why they don't just state that it's 60ml? Unless you only get 2x15ml bottles!
Didn't NN have some problems with how strong their nic was?
http://www.reddit.com/r/DIY_eJuice/comments/37v69m/problem_with_nude_nicotine_3mgml_7030_nic_base/ 3 days ago.
Any news on Half Life 3?
http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-16104275 Well, he did block one thing, only for the EU to sign a different agreement without us. It doesn't seem like we'd loose anything of value.
Coupe. I think that's a Bugatti Type 57, so do a search for cars from that era.
Here's Ford's. http://www.topgear.com/uk/photos/ford-classic-car-2011-09-20 They take some of them to historic events like Goodwood.
&gt; Prohibition has never, will never work. I agree, but I think we're in a new era. For years the types of drugs that people take has been fairly constant. With new legal highs, and two new drugs a week being discovered, it's impossible to regulate them, or to be aware of the consequences of the new drugs. I think the only way to control drugs is by regulating the sale of traditional drugs, which hopefully will result in the demise of the legal highs.
&gt; We could also make a very strong case the junior doctors are paid less than equivalents abroad, and that is the reason so many leave for Australia and New Zealand. We could make a case for virtually every public sector worker of some kind. What's that got to do with it? You create a somewhat ridiculous thread about MPs pay and then go off on a tangent about fuck all. &gt;MPs happen to have a 'regulator' who makes the case for them without MPs themselves having to make the case at all. If teachers announced they didn't need a pay rise for the next five years would we see the department of Education step in and demand that they had one? I doubt it. Perhaps that's happened, I don't know, do you?
&gt; You can't effectively have a monetary union without a fiscal union. I agree, and that is why the € is doomed to fail. 1999 - "*Let's have a common currency.*" 2015 - "*This doesn't work very well.*" No shit...
You've been handed a link to the report and were asked to offer a rebuttal, but didn't. And, yes, making something credible probably *is* a justification.
&gt; The article makes a good point about alcoholism, we are quick to judge but how many of us are effectively functional alcoholics? I don't know, how do you define alcoholic? I don't like the way the article suggests that Britain is different to elsewhere. Each country has it's own intricacies when it comes to booze, and I think that because we have such a pub based culture, it makes our problems look worse than others. Overall, [we're not particularly better or worse than many counties](http://www.who.int/substance_abuse/publications/global_alcohol_report/msb_gsr_2014_3.pdf).
The video is woeful. It looks like someone watched the "Blurred Lines" Robin Thicke video and tried to copy it. It's an interesting idea. I don't know if it'll catch on, but I think it's worth remembering that the majority of vapers don't go much beyond cigalikes, so I have no doubt that it'll work for some.
Perhaps you should learn how to debate like an adult.
&gt;educate properly on the risks How could we do that when we have no idea what the risks of the legal highs are?
We might not yet know the full risks of *any* drug, prescribed or not. What I'm certain of though is that we don't know the risks of any of the new legal highs. How can we when they are being released at a rate of two a week? Tetrazepam was tested, and on sale for decades I believe, yet now it's banned in the EU. How can a government legalise the new highs, only to find out in a few years that everyone who took it is terminally ill? I think it's pragmatic to decriminalise and control the conventional drugs, but I think we need to be very cautious with the new laboratory created drugs.
But this was '89. The internet wasn't about, and certainly not in China. My suspicion is that the authorities dealt with him. He made a mockery of the Chinese.
Who's is it? Our schools? Our military? Our NHS? All sound perfectly acceptable to me.
That's odd, my experience couldn't be more different.
It demonstrates a serious amount of misunderstanding to try an insult someone in this manner, and I find it quite worrying that people who, I presume, consider themselves to be politically aware, could cast such inaccurate aspersions. I understand that certain sections of the media enjoy portraying UKIP in a negative light, but that it actually translates into popular opinion is very disheartening.
It's slightly dated, but unless things have changed recently, it's quite different to the rest of London. http://www.parliament.uk/documents/foi/House-of-Lords-FOI/FOI-978/Menus-and-bar-tariffs-Feb-2013.pdf Page 11. £2.60 for a Carlsberg.
I'm surprised by some of the stories I've heard here. I can give as often as possible with no problems at all. The staff are friendly, appreciative and efficient. I had no idea it varied so much.
I didn't know about that. It's strange that the blood donation place doesn't even mention it. I've had a look, and my nearest is about a 70 mile round trip. Hmmm...
Again, I'm really surprised by their attitude. It's the first time I've ever seen negative stories about donating, and the woman you spoke to clearly wasn't cut out for her job. I'd just like to pick up on something though. You say that donating "is in no way, shape or form a favour you are doing for me", and you are partially right, but given that the uses for donations are Surgical, Haematology, Gastro intestinal bleeding, Anaemia and Maternity, in that order, it's unlikely that someone you care about hasn't benefited from donations. I'm thinking about linking this thread to the NHS. The reason for the decline in donations might be more complex than they thought.
He could always use his freedom of movement.
I think that all major hospitals should have blood donating areas, however I can only imagine that it's been thought of previously, and, for whatever reason, it isn't practical. It's a good idea though. How come you missed work for a whole day? Was your work quite physical? Personally I always make sure that I have a really good meal the night before I'm going to donate, and know what I'm going to eat when I get home again. A sandwich would be nice, but I guess it would be more money, and I'm not sure how much of an incentive it would be anyway. Tea and ginger nuts for me please. A pop-up donor van does seem like it would be quite popular. Move it every day, and park up in high footfall areas like train stations.
Don't think it is. Neil said he didn't make it I believe. Richard Biggs. Bit of a knob imo.
Probably already has. Check iplayer.
A carbonated penalty?
I think it's a very fine balancing act for the NHS. Anything less that 100% occupancy is a waste of their time, and I guess that to achieve 100% you have to book in 110% of donors, much like the airlines do. I know that it leads to some frustration when you can't do a walk-in, but I suppose that it's better than dozens of anecdotes about the NHS staff sitting around doing nothing.
&gt; However if there's ever going to be a situation which warrants it, then this must be it. Why? It's deeply, deeply offensive, and I sincerely hope that whoever wrote that has had a life ending accident by now, but it's *only* an insult. The Nevilles don't deserve that sort of abuse from anyone, but it simply isn't a police matter. &gt;Those of us who would normally say the police shouldn't get involved in these kinds of things - are you having second thoughts when it's this bad? No. If it's a physical threat, yes, but this isn't. The police can't monitor shades of insults, and if they did, I feel, sadly, that they would get more wrong than they do right. What's the solution? Well, after a pub visit, here's my best effort. An Internet Offence Panel. The IOP (easy to type too), would award points to the victims from 1 to 10. A one gives you the the address and name of the offender, and the right to throw a custard pie in their face. A 10 gives you the right to do what ever you like to the offender that isn't death. Occasionally someone might be granted an 11, like Spinal Tap. Please don't try to get the police involved in what's tasteful, insulting, humours or offensive. It just wouldn't work.
There was no hate crime. A hate crime has to involve a level of violence.
Please highlight the offence.
No, sadly they didn't. *threatening behaviour* - There were no threats *assault* - There was no assault *robbery* - No theft *damage to property* - No damage *inciting others to commit hate crimes* - No incitment *harassment* - No harassment, just a deeply unpleasant opinion. Offensive? With no doubt, but it's not a police matter.
Sorry, I thought that was a given. I thought the discussion was about insults like "*Phil Neville's daughter is a spastic, she's a Cyclops and she has eight toes*". Is this thread really about the death and rape threats? It's a given that the police should be involved in them, as they already are, and I think it's you who got a bit confused as to what the OP said, *"Those of us who would normally say the police shouldn't get involved in these kinds of things - are you having second thoughts when it's this bad?"*. That was the core of the debate. As I see it, it's the level of insult and accountability that's the subject.
Because they need more blood, hence the appeal. The main complaint here seems to be that the times are inconvenient. It wouldn't be instead of mobile units, but in addition to them.
It's reminded me of someone at school who used to sell 'pizza' at lunchtime. Toast. Tomato purée. Cheese. Grilled. It wasn't bad really.
You're welcome. Please don't link this thread to Noma. I know they have been looking for it for years.
I think what would happen is that we'd see a massive rise in crime.
I believe that it's actually your duty to take any boat back to where it came from if it's not seaworthy and in international waters.
&gt; All because they have broken international law does not mean we should It's not against international law, in fact it's exactly what Italy used to do until 2011 when they introduced their Mare Nostrum law. Given the figures since then, I don't think that there's and doubt at all that Mare Nostrum encouraged thousands more to try and make the journey, as the chances of success where greatly increased.
&gt; If you get caught and get dumped back at the official port (which is equipped to house people) where's the incentive to risk death. Many of these people have zero chance of being granted asylum because they come from *relatively* stable countries. Why would they go through the official channels with no chance of being granted asylum?
But your idea would make sod all difference. If you have a legitimate claim for asylum, you go through your Libyan based immigration control. If you don't have a legitimate claim for asylum, you pay someone a huge amount of money on a deserted beach with 200 other people to go in a dilapidated boat. What needs to change is the Italian's Mare Nostrum law. Although I have no doubt that it was created with good intentions, it's actually ended up being responsible for the death of thousands.
&gt; And my system also would take passengers from such boats back to the immigration centre/refugee camp. It's not perfect, but I just can't see a way to halt the current situation without fixing the situation in Libya to some degree. And after that? We don't know where they're from, so they would just be in limbo forever. Why create that burden for ourselves when we could reduce the incentive to make the journey? What we need to do is to remove the incentive to travel. It's not a matter of being in-compassionate, it's about having rules that deter people from taking ridiculous risks. If we don't do something I believe that this will continues for many years, much like the Calais camp situation.
Yup. It's such an odd number because we had to comply with EU regulation which set the limit at 90 KPH, about 57 MPH.
&gt; For example, the largest annual percentage increase in net migration in the UK in the last 25 years was between 1993 and 1994... but that doesn't tell us the whole story. Wow. What an incredibly disingenuous stat.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Better_Place Something similar failed, but that might be because it was a bit premature.
Are those really oysters in the second picture? They look like oysters, but oysters on steroids. I love oysters, but I'd want a knife and fork to eat them.
I was watching someone on TV the other day who claimed that the NHS doesn't buy centrally, meaning that they don't exploit the huge purchasing power that they could have. It's incredible that an organisation with as many highly paid staff as they have, is overlooking one of the most fundamental cost cutting measures available.
Nice. I wonder where the furthest point is where you can still see the Shard?
Same here, but it was two episodes.
I don't see it as a party issue. It's not as if the NHS, or many other government organisations, have been run particularly efficiently under either party. It's an interesting point to remember when the subject of decentralisation comes up though.
And so they should. The strange thing is how out of step the NHS are with modern business. It's not a revelation that central purchasing power is more efficient. It's how supermarkets, and many other businesses have been operating for decades. Now we have Lord Carter talking as if he's just discovered gravity. Any half decent mid-management guy from a procurement and logistics background could highlight their errors, yet every few years the government sets up an investigation about how to make the NHS more efficient, only to find that the most fundamental issues are in chaos.
Perhaps just a deposit? £10 which won't get taken from your card if you turn up.
So what Lord Carter is suggesting is illegal?
The contracts must have an expiry date, so we just don't renew them. It was over a year ago that Jeremy Hunt came out with [the same idea as Carter](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-27179905), and yet here we are in exactly the same position we were a year ago. I'm sure that it's perfectly possible, although it may take a while to implement.
Eh? &gt;The UK ranks #2 overall. Either way, the discussion is about wasted funds. It doesn't matter if we're 1st if we are wasting billions every year.
Yes it is. That's why Jeremy Hunt said exactly the same as Carter last year.
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3123036/Rolf-Harris-s-vile-jail-song-shock-letter-cell-shamed-star-reveals-country-rock-lyrics-damn-sex-victims-greedy-wenches-brags-cushy-prison-life.html
I'm all for EVs of every type, but I do object to this. &gt;The new fleet has been made possible by Green Bus Funding (approx £566k) which was awarded to First Bus by the Department for Transport. Why are tax payers paying for this? First Bus is a plc. I don't see why they should be subsidised by the tax payer.
I should imagine you're right, but I'm still not comfortable with it. Companies should buy their own stock. Just a thought, but if you owned a fleet of diesel buses, would you go out and buy new ones, or wait for a call from the Green Bus Fund offering to buy them for you? I think it would make more sense to tell all the companies that they have X years to switch over.
People seem to think that if you can join the forces, you should be allowed to vote, [but recently the wisdom of letting 16 year olds join has come under question](http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2015/jun/21/war-veterans-call-for-britain-to-stop-enlisting-teenage-soldiers). If it was agreed that you need to be 18 to join the forces, I wonder if we would see the end of the calls to vote at 16.
&gt;Westminster uses them to defend "national security" So did the Stasi and KGB.
And at 10 you can be arrested, and if you are 17 you can't go to an adult prison. I think it's irrelevant what you can do at what age. The age of suffrage, and anything else for that matter, has to be decided on it's own merits.
&gt; Voting is a right, derived from the principle of taxation = representation I don't think that's correct. 'No taxation without representation' came from the early days of the US. I'm not sure that the same principal has been used in earnest over here.
That's brilliant. Fuck you autocorrect.
&gt; Not mandatory, but I do support compulsory voting. mandatory ˈmandət(ə)ri/ adjective adjective: mandatory 1. required by law or mandate; compulsory.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_alcohol_consumption_per_capita Not really. I'm sure the emergency services had a wonderful NY looking after you OP.
&gt;These bad polls may have affected how people voted, they may have damaged democracy It's your choice as to how much credence you give them. If you let them influence your decision *that* much, I question your value as a voter. As for the 'damaged democracy', I award you the r/ukpol 2016 Histrionics Prize. &gt;In 2016 we will have the results of the BPC inquiry He talks about it as if it's some national disaster. It's not. It's an industry highlighting their true value. They don't fucking know anything. No one does. If there were pollsters who were exceptionally good, they wouldn't be spending day after day on the streets with a clipboard asking the public questions, in fact they wouldn't be pollsters. Instead they would be making a killing at the bookies at 7/1 that Dave has an outright. I think that the article highlights a real problem. Public opinion. Specifically that public opinion is that pollsters are held in high esteem. It's an educated guess, nothing more.
&gt; because of a flaw in polling methodology we first saw back in the 90s. Are you actually going to answer this?
When you say 'dodging', do you mean evasion or avoidance?
The Telegraph is suggesting that over 2,000 letters were sent in support of Ball, from every sector of the establishment. I find it very disconcerting.
&gt;"Ex-archbishop George Carey said Peter Ball was in "torment" as a result of a police investigation" That's not just character reference.
From July last year?
I'd guess that there used to be sinks there.
In what way is it better than a kit car? It *is* a kit car.
Smolensky said that they would be back 12 years ago. The longer that they are not back, the harder it will be for them to get back. Their customer base has moved on, and many of the newer prospective buyers are simply not aware of TVR, especially outside the UK. I don't mean to sound cynical, but British small manufacturers have a hard time without being out of the loop for over a decade. Many of the loyal customers now want a more comfortable car with seats for their kids. The glory days of TVR were when they made Al Melling's Speed Eight. It was an era when they made unique, quirky, and ascetically stunning cars. I'm not sure that making a body and chassis with a tuned US V8 will really draw that much attention, partially because the competition has advanced so much, and the current audience are simply unaware TVR. I love almost all the low volume UK manufacturers, but that doesn't mean that they will be successful. As I understand it, Lotus are still living hand-to-mouth, Morgan had a remarkable turnaround due to a brilliant marketing move, and Ginetta seem to survive on a race series. I've still not seen a single G40R on the road. I wish TVR all the best, but to be honest, I think they should take heed of what happened to Wiesmann, who, in my opinion, made *vastly* superior cars. If TVR really pull it off for sub £50k, they *might* do it, but in an age where EVs and hybrids are starting to dominate the high performance sector, I have my serious doubts. I honestly wish TVR all the best. They are legendary.
&gt;TVR is indeed 'back,' and has already sold the full production run of their first car. Well, they would say that, wouldn't they? I have immense respect for Gordon Murray, he's achieved incredible things, but where is the T25? Where is iStream? Are *any* manufacturers using his system? I think one company in India considered it, but I'm not sure it was ever implemented. Conceptually he's leagues ahead of anyone else, but since he left F1 a decade ago nothing seems to have materialised. &gt;It's a staggering jump forward for them Going from their own chassis, body *and* engine design and being a truly independent manufacturer, to using a mass production engine in their cars is a "staggering jump forward"? It's not really is it. It's a step back if anything, and what they are trying to do now is exactly what Wiesmann tried. Admittedly TVR has a deeper heritage than Wiesmann, but I don't think that alone will be enough for them to survive. &gt;and the opportunity to own a car with that sort of pedigree was understandbly irresistible. Yet the public have resisted *exactly* that temptation from *many* dozen of manufacturers who've tried to re-invent themselves in the past. &gt;This success will have the automotive world looking forward to the next offering they have planned. I really hope you're right. I think that their lack of ambition on the technology front though will leave people feeling numb. If it was an EV/Hybrid with the promise of more advanced technology in the future, I'd agree, but what are they offering? A big lump of a V engine on a light chassis? The Bentley Blower did that 90 years ago. I'm far more excited to see what happens to a £55k next generation Tesla than I am about the next generation £50k TVR, and that's presuming that it actually *is* £50k. I can't think of a successful UK manufacturer who's unique selling point is a fucking big engine. In fact I can't think of a UK manufacturer who's selling point is purely power. Ariel, Ginetta, Caterham and Lotus is all about handling. I know I sound like a doom-monger, but it's exceptionally difficult to revive a brand, regardless of heritage, but even more so if you ignore current trends. Edit: Just realised we have a TVR owner here. Hopefully u/pdm0 will comment.
I almost feel like buying some Reddit gold.
Step 1. Cut off her hands so she can't scrub anything. Step 2. Rebuild your relationship and the tea staining on your mug simultaneously.
&gt; The F-Type R is all about a massive engine, it's doing all right. I know Jag aren't a boutique sports car maker. The markets for an F and a TVR are a *million* miles apart. Funnily enough, I was going to mention Jaguar earlier about how manufacturers have to repackage and rebrand occasionally, and how Jaguar was really going to go to the wall when all they had was the X and S models (retro XJ and Mk2), and how they managed to survive by recognising all their faults. &gt; All the points you make are valid. Especially reviving a sports car brand now, as we seem to be transitioning into a new hybrid performance era. I honestly hope that what you're saying is right, and that I'm wrong, but I can name so many UK sport car manufacturers who are no longer. The only ones who exist now are light and have a small engine with good output, which isn't the direction TVR are going. We've yet to see what happens to Bristol Cars does, but I'd love to see a new Fighter.
Thanks for commenting, and personally I think many 'traditional' owners such as yourself will feel the same.
&gt; You keep saying 'I hope,' and 'We'll see,' as if nothing has happened. TVR was reconstructed some time ago under new ownership, and rather than bragging about what they wanted to do, they just shut up and developed a car. What car? The one in the picture that's a rendered image from Autocar magazine? When one becomes road registered I'll raise a drink to TVR.
&gt;How would they prove it? http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2009/oct/20/bnp-membership-list-wikileaks
There isn't another list. What else could they use?
I'm sure UKIP use social media too. Obviously it's not going to be foolproof, but if they do discover that you were a member of the BNP you will get kicked out.
I think you're getting confused with Indonesia.
So is coffee.
I think you'd need a bitterness to it too. This might work, or it might not. http://www.flavourart.co.uk/flavour-enhancers.html There are hop vapes available. http://frontiervapor.com/hop-harvest There's already an IPA out there, although I don't know how good it is. http://thedailyvapeshop.com/product/royal-flush-the-joker/
To be honest I'm surprised that this is still an issue.
&gt; I'd like to point out that I've read popcorn lung never was causally associated with diacetyl in those factories http://www.medicinenet.com/popcorn_lung_symptoms_and_causes/views.htm I think an association was made, but I don't think people who smoke have been affected with it. I'd try to avoid it because it's easy to do so.
That's exactly the sort of thing I'm looking for. Thanks. Any more suggestions anyone?
The government won't be able to specify that they are French made cars due to EU law. I can see an argument for incentivising the sale of EVs by offering a lower rate of VAT, for example, but I don't like it when a state uses public money to push their agenda, while only benefiting a particular section of the public. EVs need to be selected and purchased on their own merit. As /u/bluenation_tesla said, I think it would be far better spent on infrastructure.
Isn't it? Ok, it won't increase by 10k, but we've seen what happens when the government subsidise stuff like this. The UK had a car scrappage scheme a few years ago. What Car? magazine found that manufacturers just raised their prices. http://www.thisismoney.co.uk/money/cars/article-1690128/Car-scrappage-scheme-used-to-drive-up-prices.html The same is likely to happen here.
I'm not sure it really does make sense if you're the government. Oil revenues are massive for European governments, with the UK government taking over £30Bn in Fuel Duty and VED. With EVs, and low or zero VED, the government are going to have a massive void to fill.
Many thanks. Just ordered one.
Many thanks. Just ordered one.
Many thanks. Just ordered one.
I've gone for the 3ml one, which I believe is closer to 3.5ml. I'm only looking at something like 1.3ohm as I want it to be an out all night setup, and I'll take a spare battery. I had a look at the wicking on YT, and I'm 50/50 on a single/dual coil as I want to be economical on juice too, no point in going out with a pocket full of batteries and ending up empty on juice! The whole thing is a bit of an experiment really, I just want a *really* small vape, and many thanks to all those who pointed me in the right direction. It's much appreciated.
Yeah, the screw fill does look like a pain, but liveable. To be honest, I use 24mg at the moment, which I know most here will find absurd, and I think I might go up to 36mg when I go out for a night so I use less puffs. It's not easy quitting after 35 years on the smokes. I did try a couple of years ago on 12mg and a shit battery that would let me down after a couple of hours on a night out, so I'd buy a packet, but this time I don't really care what I buy or use as long as I don't go back to the dark side! Vaping has changed so much in the past 18 months or so, and it's really wonderful to see. I've been out of the loop for a while, and now the gear out there is so much easier to live with. Thanks for you advice mate, it really is appreciated.
I won't be sub ohming, I'll build a 1.4ohm coil, or two. The whole idea is build something I can get a stupidly high nic hit from that'll last for as long as possible. Subohming has never really been an attraction for me, although when I've tried a friends setup, I was taken back with how smooth it was, but smooth isn't what I'm after, in fact I really want something a bit harsh. I do like a bit of throat hit!
&gt; i don't know what the best way to deal with this situation is. Legalise the conventional drugs, which will remove the need for legal highs. We really don't know what's in legal highs, but we do know that little, if any, research is done on them. We don't know if regular use might cause a serious problem, for example, blindness. Compare it with the French clinical tests recently. They must have undergone some fairly strict testing to be tested on humans, yet it went horribly wrong leaving one dead and 3 brain damaged. I know people who work in the emergency services, and generally they know what to do when called out to deal with someone, but when you have no idea what they've taken it's very difficult to help them. Legalise, regulate, monitor and tax our conventional drugs and, I'd hope, illegal highs would dissapear, while deaths from conventional drugs will probably also decrease. Meanwhile, have quite a harsh punishment for selling 'legal highs'.
&gt;Mr McDonnell is also considering adopting the Italian government's policy of offering funding to help employee-owned enterprises to get off the ground. Without implimenting this, they already have the right to buy, as long as they can afford it. It sounds like empty rhetoric.
In which case you have two matching bids. I know of a local company that was sold to the employees, but was the choice of the owner. He shouldn't be pressured into selling to one particular party, and given that he would have inside knowledge of how the company would be run, he *might* have good reason to be wary of selling to a particular group. It would be unworkable anyway. If another company was interested in buying out a company, and the owner really wasn't interested in selling to the employees for whatever reason, they could probably offer a attraction such as a Directorship or a minimum share holding which the employees consortium probably couldn't compete with. It would also be very difficult to place a tangible value on such an asset, meaning the deal would have to go to arbitration which could take a very long time, and be very expensive. Companies are sold to employees at present, but forcing people to sell something they own to someone who they aren't happy to sell to doesn't seem very progressive.
It's not. &gt;Mr McDonnell is **also** considering adopting the Italian government's policy of offering funding to help employee-owned enterprises to get off the ground.
The difference is that companies would be obliged to offer their workers to buy them out by equalling any other offers. Did you read the article?
&gt; Yes, in order for them to operate as a traditional business. One of them, or indeed a board of them, as executives employing people below them, and simply rehashing the structure of their former employer. &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; This isn't a worker-owned business, though. It's still backed by outside capital rather than worker capital, and so still would have to answer to the same people and have a share of their profits leave the company to these backers. I agree, and the chances are that it would be middle and upper managment who would take advantage of this more often than not, not the shop floor workers. As I said, it's not really workable. &gt; While plausible, I have two issues with this. The first is that there exists a parallel within existing, traditional businesses in which a person who has been at a company a long time deliberately underperforms knowing that they will receive a big pay-out upon dismissal. In any form of business you are going to have free-riders and self-interested parties, but that's not reason enough to not make these ventures in the first place. Having one slacker is wholly different to having your entire workforce, who *were* efficient, deciding that they'll run the ship onto the rocks. &gt;Secondly, either the workers in this situation would be fired or they would damage their company to such a degree that it would be a worthless investment. I just don't see this ever being a rational move on the part of workers. That's the whole point. They *know* that they are capable of running the company, so they decrease the company value by several times, buy it for less knowing that there will be little external interest, and then return to full throttle. I'm not saying it would be a likely or common occurrence, but if it's common knowledge that the boss will retire in 3 or 4 years, it's not impossible.
If there's no postal address on a web site, I never order from them.
I started a thread a while back asking for what good local juices there are. https://www.reddit.com/r/ecr_eu/comments/2htxcp/what_is_the_best_juice_from_your_country/ It was a while ago, so perhaps it's time to ask again.
&gt; It may have nothing to do with the gospel message but there's something to be said for Judeo-Christian values upon which western civilization is founded upon. Only if the people saying it actually believed in Judeo-Christian values. Unfortunately they are just using Judeo-Christian values to create division.
http://www.strongerin.co.uk/britain_is_stronger_in_europes_single_market
Probably so kids can use a stick and play a tune.
He's a bit of an idiot.
/r/watchitfortheplot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2TS9B2d5s1E
I know. Depressing, isn't it.
50/50 18mg. Thanks.
Emissions.
So what if it's less than 200hp? It's the same engine that was used in the Transit, Mondeo and Jag X type. It's not a disaster of an engine. I'm not sure why you think they will have a German engine. JLR currently produces a 4 cylinder diesel, a 4 cylinder petrol and a V6 petrol, and they use one in the current Land Rover Discovery.
[The model had evolved over 67 years of production but it could not be adapted to meet new emissions rules, JLR said.](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-birmingham-24446070) Ford haven't used the ZSD-422 for eight yeas in European Mondeos.
I think it's a combination of things. Euro 7 emissions are due in 2020, and that along with possible new NCAP testing probably renders it impracticable to re-engineer to house a different engine. &gt;But it's used in a variety of other cars and vans. I don't think it's being used in any cars, at least not in Europe.
OK, JLR are talking out of their ass...
I think that would be fairly complex. Why not just turn it into an EV? http://www.evalbum.com/type/TRIU
Renault Spider Sport deserves a mention too.
I'd suggest starting at 24mg, which that site doesn't make.
The thing is that Seamus Milne is the one person who should be more aware of what not to say when the cameras are around. That's his job.
I think a lot of people feel the same way. He calls it heirloom socialism, and I think that's a superb term. It's the same Socialism that Michael Foot advocated, and it needs a makeover very badly.
Of course there must be a political balance, but relying on old school politics for the foundation of your political beliefs is madness. I think one of the problems for Corbyn is that he hasn't held any high office, and I think that he doesn't realise the importance of having highly intelligent, highly trained professionals to guide him. It appears that Corbyn chose Seumas Milne because he wanted to appoint someone who agreed with him politically, but it doesn't make him a good spin doctor, and that's because he's not a spin doctor, he's a journalist. I hate the culture of highly paid PR and strategy gurus, but you have no chance of surviving without them, and without them Corbyn has no chance of competing in the modern world.
Read about TTIP.
Or Renault Alpine GTAs, or Renault 5 Turbos, or Citroen DS. Sacrebleu!
Interesting rant. While it may not be very informed, and he may not be particularly well educated, it doesn't really matter. He's talking about the personal effect that immigration has on him, and I think a lot of people from certain areas feel exactly the same. It's sad that he feels that he actually has to state that he isn't a racist. I'd have thought that the effects of mass immigration in certain areas are clear to everyone by now, and he's right that the lower classes are hit hardest. What really concerns me though is that when people feel as disenfranchised as he clearly is, they tend to vote for more extreme parties. Austria just avoided getting Hofer, but how long before parties like FPO do start to win?
So what colour are you thinking?
Bits are, but generally not. France has much lower population density, so most of it is cleaner, but then some of the outskirts of Paris are complete dumps.
https://www.planetofthevapes.co.uk/forums/new-users-corner/new-user-questions-and-discussion/threads/beginner-starter-kits-for-under-%C2%A330.104122/ I'd go for the AOI or T18 or T22. Can't help with the shops.
I'm sure that happens. http://offthekerb.co.uk/ Have a look at their clients. They must do a *lot* of work for panel shows.
&gt; Strictly speaking Nepotism is using a family member to get a job Did you read my post?!! &gt;P.S. I know I didn't use the term 'nepotism' in it's purest form. &gt;The phenomena you're referring to is really the re-use of existing talent rather than the development of new talent, and it's not just entertainment industries that have this problem. Of course it's not just TV, but I feel that the TV industry is one of the largest offenders, and it's certainly the most obvious. I had a quiet day yesterday, and afternoon TV seemed to be full of it. I've just checked now, and this afternoon at 2:15 you could have watched a programme called 'For What It's Worth', hosted by Fern Britton on BBC1, or on BBC2 at the same time you could have watched 'The Big Allotment Challenge', hosted by Fern Britton. The other point is that while it may happen in other industries, with regard to the BBC, we don't pay for them. I don't care if the local builder's merchant employs his son and his niece, but the BBC should try a little harder. There's plenty of talent out there, and not only would it be more interesting if they reached a bit further, it might also be cheaper.
*AIO. Doh.
Own Jones - 'Too much scare-mongering' Two minutes later, - 'The Tories will send everyone down the mines with stale bread and half a cup of water.'
*"Oil company announces the delivery of new artificial reef."*
Or you go to the pub, and pick up a wingsuit suit and GoPro on the way home.
&gt; You still get drugs companies going into hospitals and bribing registrars by sending them on all expenses paid holidays training days Is that true? I'm not saying that I don't believe it, but that's crazy. All products for the NHS should be purchased centrally. The supermarkets have a dozen or so main distribution centres, and the NHS should take note. It's odd that they are so poor on goods in, yet blood transfusion, I believe, really is national.
That's very odd. I've only tried DTL a couple of times, but I got no tastes on inhale, in fact I was wondering if it was working at all, and then on exhale I got a bit of flavour, and a fucking huge cloud. It was like one of those times when I'd inhaled helium, and then turned to my friends and said "I don't think this is going to work" in a really high pitched voice. Generally I think MTL is acknowledged to deliver better flavour, so it's odd that you feel otherwise. I'm not saying that you're wrong, but it's interesting how many vapers there are, and how few get the same benefit from a certain setup.
I hate to tell you, but Dave died last night. A conifer pulled out on him. It's on Youtube.
The EU is about 17% of all global trade. It simply doesn't have the clout they like to think it does, and most EU countries are as desperate for our trade as we are for theirs, if not more so. Play hardball of they wish, but it'll mean Germany loosing £90Bn of exports, and we lose £38Bn of exports to Germany. Can you really seeing that happening?
Yes. Google. [Global GDP](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Economy_of_the_European_Union) - US$107.5 [EU GDP](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Economy_of_the_European_Union) - US$18.5 17.2%
I know, but what's that got to do with anything? You asked for proof of the 17% figure and I gave it to you.
It's a shame that Hannan hasn't had a larger voice in the debate. I'd like to see Dave vs. Dan.
Fair enough, I wouldn't know, but I'd love to see him given the chance to put his opinion across to a wider audience from here on in.
I don't watch QT for entertainment.
Judging by what you've written, I think you are correct to abstain.
Why is this even being discussed? We *know* that Juncker has said that this isn't open to debate. You'd have to live in a fantasy world to think that *any* concessions will be handed to us after the referendum.
&gt; Why is Turkey joining being discussed? No idea. &gt; &gt; This is how the entire leave campaign has been run, this is just remain giving an idea of potential reform tactics. No, it's Remain talking absolute bollocks. Both sides have been guilty of it.
I think the whole campaign has been like that from both sides. Galloway? Really?
&gt; Three drive unit replacements in 40k miles I didn't realise they were like that. That's applauding, and I think it'll make people consider buying an 'out of warranty' used one. Thanks for the reply.
Yes, that's my point...
Surely that's only if you buy from Tesla.
He's off to be Mayor of Manchester isn't he?
All they could eat is steak. Juicy, thick steaks.
There's no achievement in a party being united on this issue, and if Lib Dems had more than a handful of MPs I'm sure they would be as divided as any other party.
In case you hadn't guessed, my post wasn't wholly serious, but either way, bees don't pollinate grass. They are generally wind pollinated.
As a Brit, when I see 'off the boat' on here I always expect something Jap. Is that a UK one? Very nice. What the plans for it?
The only one I've used with any success is hot glue. I find that pads can work, but tend to wobble when you're driving.
I think we're used to it. We have manifestos, yet a few years after the election we realise that much of it won't come to fruition.
&gt;But the Muslim Council of Britain, a prominent body representing the country's Muslim community, said it did not recognize the image of Muslim attitudes presented by the poll. ICM must have got it wrong then.
&gt; Well I already lived in Europe for several years, the plan was always to go back once I'd hit a couple of career milestones in London. Brussels?
Enjoy. :D
People are listening, but they don;t agree, partly because of idiotic scare mongering, like suggesting that the Calais borders will collapse.
I can't understand why they keep pushing RR onto TV. Every times she's on she makes a complete idiot of herself.
&gt; Shadow Chief Secretary to the Treasury And she still can't answer a simple question about the budget.
Will Young.
At this stage, I think *very* little, unless he says something really profound that the media pick up on. I don't think that's likely though, as the debates just seem to repeat the previous debate. In fact, I don't think that any debate serves much of a purpose now. The best arguments have been offered by both sides already.
Bragg is just another fool. To play the racist card is moronic. David Attenborough has concerns about the effects of overpopulation too, which is why he's a Patron of Population Matters, along with Joanna Lumley. I've never seen so many celebrities trying to race to the bottom.
No it wasn't, it's a picture of the realities of the situation.
What's that got to do with it? This is about how Bragg resorts to nasty and vindictive name calling with such ease.
&gt; brown migrants Interesting that you pick up on that. I don't think their colour is relevant. The situation would be exactly the same for most normal people if they were white Russians.
It really doesn't matter. What's important is people's perceptions, and if they feel that immigration is too high, it is. It's similar to judging an MP by asking him about the price of milk. I don't care if my MP knows how much it costs, I'll judge him on far more important matters than that.
Awful. :(
Brilliant. You should make some prints of that.
VX220 is perfect, but I don't think it made it to the US.
Where did the Nazi comparison come from? I haven't seen the black and white pictures before.
He should be ashamed of himself.
I'm not sure, but I guess that it's possible that the police will have additional powers if it's an act of terrorism, making it easier for them to present a convincing case to the CPS.
It won't take 3 hours to drive 7 miles? That's good news.
Is that where it's from? It wasn't actually Nazi propaganda? I shouldn't be surprised. This referendum campaign is turning into an absolute shitstorm.
The list of people and organisations that I've lost respect for since the campaigning started is astounding. &gt;What has made Britain Great is its diversity. The country is becoming divided by hysteria and malice, with angry rhetoric becoming a standard feature of political debate. Leave would result in the end of diversity? Of course not, and the irony of trying to label anyone hysterical after you come out with a statement like that is just laughable. It's an incredibly dumb thing to say, but worse than that, it's in very poor taste to use the murder of an MP to try to promote your own personal agenda. I thought he was brighter than this.
'Muslim country tells refugees to fuck off.'
&gt;Deadline: 2 September 2016. All petitions run for 6 months.
Not in a million years would I try to defend the organisation Britain First, but to suggest that we shouldn't make our own interests our priority in the way that you have is just idiotic. No one is going to look at those pictures and feel that it's correct that those people are in that situation, but any and every nation has to fend for it's self. If it doesn't it won't be in a position to ever offer foreign aid to those who need it.
'Man who tries to politically influence people with his writings complains about people who try to politically influence people with their writings.'
Who should be held accountable? The press? Did they say that you should assassinate your local MP?
It's just incredible what BF ignores, or just doesn't know about. I have a feeling that it's ignorance. It's very easy to be the poster boy, and a lot harder to understand the consequences of trade tariffs.
I guess we'll roughly know at about 3 or 4am. That's because I'm an expert in having a random guess.
It's interesting to compare this to the [Pew report](http://www.politico.eu/article/poll-the-eu-is-bad-news-but-britain-shouldnt-leave-it/) from a couple of weeks ago. Ok, what was asked isn't exactly the same, but I think it's safe to presume that both France and Greece would be likely to exit, and it's quite divided in Spain, Germany and the Netherlands.
"[That's why we don't film in Switzerland](https://youtu.be/lUF-N8BsBmU?t=307)."
That's Chef's Vapour. Vapor Chef is a US company.
Not really. http://www.pewglobal.org/2016/06/07/euroskepticism-beyond-brexit/pm_2016-06-07_brexit-00/ Click on '4' if it doesn't come up. Over time popularity for the EU is in decline. In 5 years time I expect that many countries would exit if they had a chance in a referendum. We know the direction Juncker wants to take us, and I think that most Europeans will not be happy about it.
It took me a while to work out. :)
