Or "clean that spoon and give it back, so i can throw it on the floor again!"
Hey now, I saw Naked Gun in there the other day. They're not all bad.
Are... are you my parts guy? It's like pulling freaking teeth to get little stuff like that.
The reason he doesn't like car debt is because the value is going down, while you're paying interest on tope of the depreciating value.
That's hilarious, it's almost like they're running to get back on the wheel. "wheee! that was so fun! Let's go again!"
Use your laptop to rip the cd to an .iso file, it makes a copy of the cd. Then transfer it to your pc. What version of windows? Windows 8 can natively mount that iso, so it will look like another drive, like an inserted cd perhaps. You'll probably have to reinstall fallout, but it will work magnificently. You could also look for a no cd crack on torrent sites, or just pirate it, because, really, who cares since you've actually purchased it.
Don't forget all of your friends needing head gaskets.
Pcs+ r9 290, I think the highest core temp I've seen is about 70 degrees.
Well that's more or less what the 10 he didn't drop said.
"What are you giggling about over there" "Take a guess" "...Tiny arm Ned?"
The signs in Colorado call them runaway truck ramps.
Volvo pls dont
They're in Vegas, that word means nothing to them.
Well its not supposed to happen
Hah, fucking horizontal and vertical are the opposite of what I think they're going to be!
It may be faster, but they're going to have like 5 minutes of play time. A 7200mah 3 cell (more powerful than the battery he used) in my Traxxas slash (like the rc truck he used, but 4wd) lasts about 20 minutes if I'm easy on the throttle. And it doesn't have all that weight to push around.
Finally, I *am* the 1%!
From working hard and not being a drain on society? Go to a tech school, get into a trade. It's pretty easy for a couple of slightly trained people to combine for 60-70k, roughly $15 an hour, especially after a couple of years of experience. 2 years out of tech school, I was an auto tech making $14 an hour. By the 3rd year, I was a few over that. My wife works in banking, without a degree, and makes well over that $15 threshold. Combine this with actually knowing how to handle your money, and it ain't hard. 100k in 10 years is about 850/month. Anyone with kids knows that's about the same as daycare for one child. So wait until you're 30 to have children. Wait until you're 25 to have a children, invest 850/month from 20-25, and still have over 2 million. At 600/month from 20-25 it's worth 1.6 million at 65. Only invest that 850/month from 25-30, when your careers are a little more established, and have nearly 1.5 million at 65. Invest $600/month in that time and you'll still have just over a million at 65. All of this is assuming 10%, which can never be assumed, and I didn't even include interest compounding while you're doing the saving. It also doesn't include matching 401k, it doesn't even have to add anything after the initial 5 or 10 year deposits.
Wat? Mine says 1 hour til the show starts
Is it just me, or does that look like the tiniest stage ever?
I think it was coolant for liquid cooling.
Say opportunity one more time motherfucker.
No, it will be an upgrade, but it sounds like you can do a clean install if you want.
GoW on PC? I've heard great things, so that's exciting!
hah, I'm totally gonna get that for my father in law, he can't drive a truck anymore because of health issues!
I thought it was pronounced "days" with a bit harder S, so it sounds like a buzz.
HOW DOES IT RUN VR DEMOS WITHOUT WIRES, LADY?
Throw some D's on that bitch
Sign said no parking!
Remember hl1? It had a low violence mode where there was no blood.
I bought a big ass projection tv on CL. Picked it up in 03 nissan altima. I asked him for the measurements. I went out to the car, and measured all the dimensions. It should fit perfect, with about an inch on either side! So I get there, and we carry it out. Shit, it's too tall, the top of the doorway is low. Okay, i pulled the bottom of the back seat out, and it slides right through the door. Yes! No. It's a little longer than I thought, it seems. I have to scoot the passenger seat up all the way to kinda put it at an angle. Yes! Get it all situated and go to close the doors. Shit. The top of the doors taper in and they won't close. I had to roll down the windows, and it barely fit.
I replaced the mount with a delco mount without replacing the bracket, and the old bracket is a different part number. I can only figure it's a redesign for structural integrity or something.
Oh-ah thank you mistah monkey-san
Jesus, that guy is awful at making sharp stones. I can make them in about 1 second.
Well shit, now I want to move to Germany. Are all of these laws federal, or can individual states make their own rules? Are the licenses a federal license, or issued by the state? I wish we could do that here, I'd love to get my Corolla to 90 mph!^^^justonce-driving ^^^fast ^^^uses ^^^too ^^^much ^^^gas Picture 22 could have been taken here. There's always someone in an Audi thinking he's on the autobahn riding your ass. 10 over just ain't enough when he has an Audi!
I wish, I always wanted Krang, but never got him. I do have this freakin' [creep](http://www.tmnttoys.com/90figures/series3/5107.htm).
No way, totally the coolest toys I have!
Someone posted this above: https://youtu.be/I4nmWzt5BsE There's a lot of blood, and I can't tell if it's from homie getting stabbed, or homie getting clawed. edit: I think this is a different incident, the grass is much greener in the other picture.
Well ya see, the euro trash says it's stupid to call American football football, because soccer is the real football. But they apparently forget they used to call European football soccer also. Thusly, American football is football, and euro football is soccer.
I guess our governor is fitting then, eh?
Altitudinous. I'm using that tomorrow. "Dude, you are *way* too altitudinous to be at work right now"
Vw, audi, bmw, mercedes, and ford. I think the thing all of these have in common is the need for some stupid ass special tool to do simple things. First thing that comes to mind is those stupid hub seals on 4wd super duties.
I'm curious what identafix says for a 2007. I've never used identafix.. I looked up an 03, and it's 2.8 on a 2003, 7.8 on a 2007, which is the same vehicle, lol. alldata still says 7.8 on a 2003, but prodemand is 2.8 Just more evidence the people making these things have no idea what they're talking about sometimes!
Whoa, spoiler alert!
OP! That is inappropriate! Next time say "rectum"
All the new ford's are like this. And that stupid chime, boo-duh-doong, boo-duh-doong
Some cars apply the fucking parking brake when you open the door in gear! I want to say Audi q7 does it? I don't remember.
Zombie post, but the highway he was on (I-35) has a concrete barrier in the middle, it's a turnpike that goes from KC, to Topeka, to Wichita, then south toward OKC.
Or a tech pulling the vehicle into a bay to work on it!
What in the sam hill is going on in that sub.
This happened to me once, except instead of a wall, it was an oil tank with 300 gallons of used oil in it. Luckily, we have those center post lifts you can rotate a little bit while it moves up/down, so I raised it a bit, and pushed, and barely had enough room to squeeze it out.
If he was on a crotch rocket, he was probably going 50 over.
Volume is cranked everywhere, in app, on the external speakers. I turned the tv speakers back on, and have to turn it up to 75 just to hear anything.
Hey! This fixed it! Thanks a ton!
Wait, if he's gay, why would he need a dildo? Wouldn't his partner have, like, a *real* penis?
They also say diagnose when they mean guess.
This is a kia sportage, but optima and sonata are the basically the same situation.
Oh hell yeah, i align them every time. This one also had a front lower control arm replacement, so I had an alignment anyway :(
Some cars, like Altimas, have a hole in the tensioner. You turn the tensioner, then you can stick a small screwdriver or Allen wrench through the hole. It holds the tensioner in place, and you can slide the belt off and on without fighting it.
Oh man, there's like 21 bolts on each valve cover, and they still leak like mad.
Most Kia crap is pretty straight forward. 100x better than trying to work on German stuff! At least I didn't need a special tool to do brakes on this \*cough* triple square sockets
Auto tech here. We all buy our own tools. This asshole next to me seems to think what's mine is his also. Last week, I caught him bringing in his little take-home toolbox (for when he has work to do at home). The day before, I had noticed I had an extension missing, and was looking everywhere for it, but couldn't find it. Inside his little toolbox? Yep. My extension, and one of my oil filter sockets. Yesterday, a pair of dikes that had been missing for some time just magically showed up, in my pliers drawer, situated in a way I wouldn't have placed them. And Monday when I got to work, this was the kicker that really flipped my trigger. I get to work, and there's a large tool that sits under my toolbox (an engine support, too long to fit inside). This tool was missing. I'm looking around for it, asking people in our shop if they saw anyone poking around. Nobody knows anything. I walk across to our other dealership, and start asking around, and one of the techs over there has it! Apparently, Mr. What'sYoursIsMine decided to *loan out* my shit. HE LOANED MY TOOLS TO SOMEONE ELSE. He said "I thought it was a shop tool, heuheuheu!" Motherfucker, you know damn well nothing in this area is a shop tool. You were fucking here when I bought the damn thing. Ugh, fuck that fucking guy.
buuuuuull shiiiiiiiiit the same thing happened in the 3rd *with* contact, and no flag on clemson.
Oh come on, that f117a game was the most amazing thing ever. I spent so many hours landing at enemy bases and blowing everything up with the machine gun. I had some badass high scores.
No kidding, I figure KC market would be Denver as #2, and I really have no idea why it would be anything else.
Holy shit I wish this happened at my work. That lousy fuck that flags like 12 hours a week (but is hourly for some reason and doesn't care) and always uses my tools would be outta there.
This tcu backup is making throws and runs that most starting qbs couldn't make. Super impressed.
Yeah, but i mean... Kansans already got that /r/kansas shit locked up. Man, I haven't spelled Kansas out since grade school. It looks weird, like I spelled it wrong, or I'm 10 years old again. And I've lived here for 31 years.
Or do that little prancing thing to pretend to cover it in grass, then trot away with their nose in the air like they did a good deed.
Yeah, the picture makes it look like, um, 3rd or whatever to home or whatever is 400 feet.
You're just upset because you don't have the bbq
Hah, that ended the same way as last week. But I was kinda worried last week.
Maybe, we'll see.
It's just like Wooodson's career!
Gonna get sweet on em. Smoochity smoochy.
When I got the first Witcher game, it was on a real disc, with book and all. For some reason, I had it mailed to my work, and was all giddy about it all day at work!
You know what I really saw there? About 10 passes Bowe would have dropped.
And here's what will be playing at work all week: Alex "[Air Raid](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rIos0ya-yss)" Smith's theme song.
Lol, GPD of Kansas was $147 billion in 2014. Kansas. You know what we do in Kansas? Play basketball, and farm. And we don't even have a pro basketball team.
B-O-O
That little bitty Scion, the iQ, it's too front heavy. If you don't lift it right to service the vehicle, it can flip over the front when you take the rear wheels off. They call that turtling.
I swear, ESPN just tries as hard as possible to make watchespn pointless. Available to stream on watchespn? Oh, blacked out in NE kansas. Another game is going too long on ESPN? Oh, this game isn't on watchespn.
3llis doing it all!
Funny and all, but I went to my (5 year old) daughter's friend's 5th birthday party. There was a guy there with his granddaughter. This guy went to school with my sister. My sister is 36.
Our 3 best players tonight: Ellis, Selden, and the cover on OU's basket
Nope, down to 26% now.
3 POINTER! PER-RY ELLIS!
FUUUUUUUCK A FUCKING REF -bill self
wtf, unless there was some language we didn't hear, telling a spangler "i'll help my own teammate up" is a T?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EXe-zJDZGIE
Oh shit, guys, be quiet when it ends, because y'all like 30 seconds ahead of my stream.
Weak ass fuck fucking foul.
[OVERTIME](https://youtu.be/p-DpGvDGXWA?t=13)
ellis kinda stepped into the defender.
Nah, he's tired and needs to sit for about 38 seconds.
Duder shot one, then it was waived off for some reason, so he thought the second one was going to tie, but it was actually the first shot.
dicky just called mason selden
In the spirit of the game? No. But in the spirit of me getting up for work in 5 hours, yes.
Oh my God, it's not just me? I thought I was taking crazy pills!
I was thinking about using the 2 or 3 way on my slide hammer, with the jaws facing outward, but I was worried about scratching the inside of the bore. Do you know what size blind hole you've used? Most of them in the style of this puller thing are only 1 1/4", and that seems too small.
Holy cow, can you imagine how well rested KU would be going into the tournament if they played in a trash conference like the SEC? Currently, there are 4 teams higher than UK (the highest ranked SEC team) in kenpom.
That is, by far, the loudest youtube video I have ever watched.
Wsu doesn't want to play ku this year, so all their fans can do is bash on the big 12.
Why is there condensation on the inside? And especially enough to block the view? Never have I ever had condensation on the inside of my windshield. K, thanks for downvotes. Moisture doesn't condensate on the inside if your defrost is working properly. Defrost runs the ac, which dries the air. Dry air means no moisture and no condensation. Only way I could figure is snow coming in through the fresh air intake and blowing out defrost, but it's only doing that when it's running, and only after sitting with fluffy snow to filter through the cowl. Not freezing overnight on the inside of the windshield.
If they're talking about -15F, that's really -26c. But that's nowhere near -90c.
That's not a fireworks jacket, that's Blanka!
Ew, I had some moist crayons on my passenger seat one time. I had to take it to a detailer to get them out.
GAME. CHANGER.
You're not really arguing against anything I've said, you're just being a dick. A wrong dick, but a dick. Go take a look at who the top RPI conferences are. Big 12 is frequently top, almost always top 5, and almost always on top of win percentage. SEC is middlling power conference rankings, between 5 and 10. I think one year recently they were 4. You know what the SEC record is vs top 25 this season? A laughable 2-13. A humorous 13.3%. Big 12 is 5-9 (35%), which isn't amazing, but a whole lot better than 13.3%. This season, Big 12 has a losing record against AAC, and a winning record against every other conference, including 5-4 against SEC. SEC has a losing record against ACC, A10, B12, Big east, Big 10 (0-7, lol), Ivy League, Pag 12, and WAC. Tied 1-1 with WCC and Big West. There has to be some reason why Big 12 doesn't win in the tournament, but stomps everyone in regular season. They've got the coaches. They've got the players. Only thing I can figure is that the teams expend more energy than lesser conferences. And speaking of choking, remember last year when people were comparing UK to NBA teams? How'd that turn out in the tournament? They had like a 50% chance to win it all, a clear favorite. The next closest historically was like 17% or something.
Snack drawers gotta be about waist high.
[Wat](http://i.imgur.com/cbdXMCA.gif). Defroster is on the inside to prevent condensation. If there is condensation, it means your defroster isn't working.
And where did that moisture come from? If it's above freezing, defrost will clear the fog from your windows almost within seconds. If it's below freezing, the humidity won't stick to the windows. Only way it could happen is if you parked it humid inside and then it quickly got below freezing. And if it were humid inside when it was parked, defrost was probably on to keep the windows clear.
Hey! That's where that one movie ended! the movie with the guy who could teleport and stuff! I think it had Samuel L. Jackson in it! edit: Jumper! that's what it was!
This is such a kansas post.
Where do you live? Somewhere it never freezes? Because that's not how it works. If anything, there's a fog on the inside, which vanishes within seconds with defrost. If there's still ice, it's on the outside. It's not going to melt on the inside, then condensate on the inside, then freeze again. I deal with this several times every single work day during the winter, with vehicles that sit multiple days in a row. It's always below freezing overnight, and about half of the time above freezing during the day. There is not ice on the inside of a window, nor is there an accumulation of water. Period. When above freezing, it is, at worst, it's like a bathroom mirror after a hot shower. I can clear that just by using the exhaust fan and cracking the door in a couple minutes. Imagine how fast I could clear it if I had dehumidified air blowing directly on the mirror.
&gt; Moisture doesn't condensate on the inside if your defrost is working properly Your defrost is not working properly then, unless your vehicle wasn't optioned with AC from the factory. &gt;[ You DO need the AC system in working order to use the defroster. The compressor and all that jazz is what removes moisture from the air. I can tell you that the heater certainly doesn't function to dry out the air.](https://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20130817121222AAR7Tzo) I know, I know, yahoo answers may not be the most credible source, but just google it. The AC compressor runs when defrost runs, and virtually every link you find will be people talking about the AC running when defrost is on. The AC system dehumidifies. Therefore, it will defog and prevent moisture, or whatever, on the inside of your windshield. On my car, I've changed it so it doesn't turn on the AC automatically with defrost. It doesn't work worth a shit 90% of the time, the windshield just continues to fog up.
Virtually everything. Expensive parts, expensive fluids, specialty tools for stupid stuff, and a general pain in the ass to work on. And that doesn't even look at the customers point of view.
I don't have a lot of experience with newer years of those, but historically, the Civic and 3 are much more solid vehicles. Don't get me wrong, feature and nicety wise, the VW vehicles are top notch. But when it comes to cost of ownership, especially over the long run, they're blown away by the vehicles they wish to compete with. As an example, we had a Jetta come in a couple months ago. Super nice Jetta, really well maintained 2006 GLI with barely 100k. It had a huge nav touchscreen, turbo, 6 speed... loaded. Had a check engine light and a misfire at idle. Nobody in our shop wanted to deal with it, so we sublet it to the VW dealership for diag. Few days later, they come back with a $5,000 estimate. I don't remember what it needed, but holy hell, $5k on a maintained 100k mile vehicle? No thanks. I mean, you could replace the engine and trans in a 2006 Civic for that price, but this VW will still have a 100k+ engine. All in all, I just remember that a car will always (unless it's some super rare thing you don't drive) decrease in value. If I'm going to lose 7-10k in value over the next 5 years, why not buy something that will be more reliable and cost less to maintain? Cream of the crop in cost of ownership over the past decade have been the Civic and Corolla.
Regular maintenance isn't covered by any warranty. Either it's for repairs, or they have a service contract, where the maintenance is prepaid or lumped in with their loan.
Hoyer looked like he didn't know what to do on that play.
Next season: shorts 4: the deshortsing
/r/theydidthemath
Can they change who a unsportsmanlike is against? Like, change it to who started it? That would be neat.
Pregame they were like "backup center against watt? Lol goodluck" Now they're like "mmmmm, crow"
Me too.
Crick 93 what a good name
It's fucking official ladies! We did it!
40 minutes left, i'll let you guys know if I go to the hospital! Edit: I'm okay guys, tcu playing Basketball really bringing me back down
I'd seen it earlier, but it's not i the list anymore when sorting by new. Like its been deleted, if you have the link you can see and post. That's what happens when a game thread is deleted anyway.
Oh crocs just wanna have fuun
Classic three pumps, they're gonna call it every time!
Fans reminded me of Toronto fans.......... Shudder
When I was like, 5 years old, maybe slightly older, there was this bottle in the bath tub. We only had one shower/tub in the house at the time. It was probably 1/2 a liter or 20oz bottle or so. I think my sisters used it for rinsing their hair, they would have been 9 and 11 +/- at the time. I always got a kick out of peeing in said bottle and seeing how much I had in me. I'd even hold it for hours before bath time to see how much. I'd usually just go in it, then pour it in the toilet, and call it good. Be fascinated with my own ability to store so much liquid. Well, one time I forgot to pour it out. Oh man, I thought my sisters were going to kill me dead. They were mortified that they'd been pouring water on their heads out of this pee bottle for who knows how long! I still think back on it now, 25 years later, and get a good chuckle out of it. I wonder if they remember it....
I'm so nervoussited!
We called it a Mexican Shower at camp, too
I'm picturing this hobo looking dude with a super gross scraggly beard, getting all grumbly and frustrated.
Had a Sonata the other day that showed a recall. We use safecar.gov to check recalls for cars for our lot. Turned out that recall only applied to certain build dates, and our car didn't fit it.
When my wife bought an Accent in 2007, it could be optioned like that. No head unit, but all the speakers were there I think.
It looks like he's saying "it's her!" every time
Looper is what you might be thinking of.
They were probably on the rocks already, and he was about to move out. She was saying something about his stupid Spitfire, and he's like "OH YEAH! WATCH THIS!"
Blizzard n shit
Wtf is a 2 pointer?
Sounds like we're getting the short end, you'll have to throw in an and 1 package too.
Lol, Paige has shot more free throws than our whole team. Against the foulingest team in the country.
Holy shit, @ 3 second call? Nevermind trying to bowl him away with his shoulder.
Lol, did Ellis throw that at 41s head? Hah
Selden should have pushed off to draw the foul Edit, snap, then he did!
Brats, on potato buns!
Very well. I have no idea who Tata is, but i like he name. If I had two in my garage, I could say I love Tatas.
Then make the hiring period after the super bowl? It's not like the NFL controls every other aspect of the sport...
[MRW](http://i.imgur.com/i9Z4egW.gif?noredirect) when clicking on that
It's a Grand Cherokee. Durango is the same way.
Well, it's a side post... and there's no metal anywhere near the battery on the [bottom](http://i.imgur.com/NM3NrLQ.jpg) of the seat.
Whoa, you realize what you're saying? Something on a German car that makes sense?
...and that there are no check engine lights.
They're a coil on spring strut, and the spring breaks near the lower perch, then works it's way down, spinning around the perch, and eventually that broken end will contact the tire. I have no idea what the guy's intentions were, he might have fixed it himself at home. But we also live in a state with hillbillies and no mandated safety inspections, so there's that.
It's [nice](http://tedgo.deviantart.com/art/DarkOne-v4-360862076), and very full featured. Like you can have 1, 2, or 3 panel interfaces and all the different plugins to switch between with the press of a button. But it's all blue, and I hate the coloring of it. And I'm not nearly good enough with these wsh panels or whatever to be able to change any of that.
My niece has ailurophobia. The irrational fear... of cats. House cats, specifically. She's fine at the zoo with lions and stuff, but maybe that's because of the cage. Last time she stayed at our house, she slept on the couch. Her crying woke us up, she was freaking out because the cat was sleeping on the rocking chair. It's so freaking weird and cracks me up!
WE GON' GET SOME COLD CUTS TODAY BABY!
https://youtu.be/EgXq0uvsIx8
I've removed a lot of axle nuts, and s snapped a couple breaker bars, but I'm not really sure how the two could possibly overlap.
No shit. I hate seeing these people go exploring with, like, a freaking penlight. Maybe it just doesn't translate well to the camera, but I'd be packing some of those rechargeable work lights (like a Dewalt or Milwaukee with the removable batteries) and a boatload of backup batteries.
It's freaking quiet in that place. Early in a playoff game, and in the red zone, and you could hear a pin drop between plays.
Jah is a family name. Brothers.
But batman doesn't kill anyone, and won't use guns. He can't be that bad. I don't remember how the dark knight ended, did he drop Joker? Also note, going by movies, don't read comics.
Kick that douche out!
Amendola needs booted! Fuck that shit, he had no business making that fucking hit.
Smith took a worse hit that wasn't flagged, lol.
Depends, what are they wearing?
Gotta get in the dang ol endzone here man, shoot
It's what I'm gonna say from now on.
Caught smoking synthetic mj at half time, had to go to the police station.
Thanks!
He was falling on his own accord though, which is what made him throw short. And throwing with his left hand. None of which was because of the defender physically altering the pass. Not that it matters, pats punted a few plays later anyway.
Now they're online, but they're not free. alldata and mitchell ondemand are the two most popular around here, and they're well over $100 a month. Alldata is $169 a month for one login and $25 each for the additional logins. If you have a big shop (our shop has 13 techs + lube techs, plus the other dealerships in our group), it really adds up, or they're kicking each other off all the time. Dealerships have their own books for their own cars that are more complete, but alldata and mitchell get their times from the manufacturers.
We're billing a labor fee, we're not billing for time worked. The labor time, what we use to calculate that labor fee, is provided by the people who made the vehicle. If it takes an HVAC company 10 hours or 20 hours to install an AC unit on my house, it's not changing my bill. By your logic, the customer is stealing from the tech when the job takes longer than the book time.
Hi there! Formerly worked at a Goodyear corporate store. They have 3 levels of techs. General Service Tech is a lube tech, General Maintenance Tech is a glorified lube tech, and then Technicians. GST does tires and oil changes and the like. GMT does tires, oil changes, flushes and etc; mostly "maintenance" things, and overflow when Techs are busy. Technicians do everything else, and some GMT work when they're slow. GST and GMT are paid hourly (as in, clocked time, not flat rate), and Techs are paid flat rate. Flat rate is based on the amount the customer pays, and most service contract accounts pay a lower rate. They do this so GY can get the contracts and make money from these big accounts. As a result, doing a 3 hour job on your company truck wouldn't pay the same as a 3 hour job on your personal vehicle. You can imagine, the techs don't really like working on these big accounts, and usually shove them off on the GMT when they have something else to do. Can confirm: was GMT and Technician. Techs also have a guarantee of 75% of their clocked in time. Meaning, if they're at work for 40 hours in a week, they're guaranteed to be paid 30 hours. If they get 25 hours, they get paid 30. If they get 35 hours, they get paid 35 hours. No strings attached. So, you can rest assured, it didn't kill that guys paycheck at a Goodyear store. At least, that is my experience from about 6 years ago, and I think all corporate GY stores pay the same way.
LA spans multiple states?
Actually, they said top 5 *quality*, not ranked. Wvu just beat #1 and lost by a couple at #2.
Some people like dealerships and some don't. I really like working at a dealership because: Special tools are provided, saves a ton of money. Manufacturer training is provided, so we get a better background on stupid ways Chrysler has designed something We get access to more vehicle information. I can find any diagram and in higher quality than prodemand or alldata. If you screw something up, it's a larger company, and they can absorb that easier. Both if something takes you too long (because there are more techs to pick up the slack) and if you misdiag or something, they can afford the correct fix out of pocket. Buuuuuut, there are downsides. Lots of drama. Dealerships are full of drama queens, most of the time. I just stay out of it and try to be friendly to (almost) everyone.
My dad always said my fingers were cold because there was no blood flowing through them because all I did was play on the computer. Well, after 10 years of working with my hands in heat and cold, my hands are still cold when it's cold out.
Shit, I knew I was missing something! It's really those damn nitrile gloves, they make the cold feel colder!
I thought the blonde in the left picture was that kid from Home Improvement.
Oh for God's sake, that was awful. He had position? It was a long rebound.
Nope, that's a paddlin'
Everything I see involving this guy, he's fighting someone in public. Makes me want to punt him.
And what do we do with a witch?
I was with my wife and kiddo one night, not too late, around 7 pm. It was dark already. I'm coming up to a [big intersection](https://www.google.com/maps/@39.0442376,-95.6822447,156m/data=!3m1!1e3), westbound on 12th. It's hard to see northbound traffic, because it's so far away. It's also hard to tell if they're stopping because of the distance, and my vision sucks at night. Light is green for a long time as I'm approaching, and stays green. People in this city have no freaking idea how to drive, so I always look to make sure dumbasses aren't running red lights. I'm coming up to my green light, and I can already see this minivan balling through the intersection at like 45 mph. So I stop, and I lay on the horn as the pass by. I watch them blow by, and see a police officer stopped in a southbound lane. Flips on his lights, and away he goes. Glad that officer was there, but shit, we all could have died at that intersection if I weren't paying attention. Timing would have been pretty close to T-boning driver side of the car.
I got a letter and got it replaced a week or so later. 05 corolla. I'm a little sketchy though, it didn't reset my clock or radio, and still has the same cover on it... Edit, Nvm on the cover, poster below says it's only on pass airbag.
God that was a stupid call on Selden. "Don't go for the ball on a rebound, or it's a foul"
/r/h-o-m-e-r
I always figured it was because of high school. Nfl and college almost never play football on Friday either.
Invalid product code, but that was a good idea!
I installed the virtualhere client on my desktop, and enabled USB sharing on my Steam Link. It finds the controller and the mouse attached to my Link (as well as a "steam controller", which I don't have). I enable it or whatever, and all it does is flashes the whole logo on the controller (instead of the upper left corner for player 1), and the controller doesn't work at all (not even desktop mode)
I participate in one of these "programs." It's never anything stellar that they send, it never goes above and beyond, but the products (thus far) have done a great job for their listed amazon price. They've been something I'd purchase for the price listed, if it were presented for that price while I was shopping for that item.
So who thinks von miller won't get a fine for the crotch grab earlier?
There's a mod for ME2 that does a really nice controller conversion, except no aim assist, and I was hoping to be able to use that with it. I'll have to try administrator mode tomorrow, hopefully it can do something! Any launch options you had to set? I have to launch ME2 in windowed borderless mode.
Oh geez, then she hangs my nice shirts, but she buttons the second button down, instead of the top button, so then the necks are all out of sorts!
Greene came to play tonight, that's good to see.
