I've not been to a McDonalds in more than 25 years. What am I missing?
1-ply if you have a septic system. I've errantly fingered my bunghole many, many times.
Accident implies no such thing.
Can you point to a worked example of what you mean?
Dick for following so close.
And by merging illegally, they accomplished exactly what they set out not to do. If they'd allowed more room in front, they could have eased up instead of over.
When we think of brood parasitism in North America, we most often envision parasitism by cow birds. However, cowbirds rarely parasitize barn swallows. Were you able to examine the contents of the nest early or after the eggs were expelled? Barn swallows often lay more than 2 eggs, and so early hatched birds may have pushed out non-hatching eggs (infertile eggs or eggs not yet ready to hatch). Those eggs (those that hatched and those that did not) could have come from the same pair, but alternatively, what you may be witness to is intraspecific brood parasitism, barn swallows trying to rear their young in the nests of others. http://www.bioone.org/doi/abs/10.3161/068.040.0201
This guy engages in the most despicable douchebaggery you can imagine. He's a college dropout that sees no value in education, which is why he's slashed both K-12 education immensely and removed $300+ million from college education. He's disbanded the science arm of the Wisconsin DNR, because who needs information to make decisions? He campaigned on growing jobs and Wisconsin is one of the poorest performers in the Midwest. He campaigned on balanced budgets and reduced taxation, but the reductions in taxes have been meager ($100 less property taxes, for instance) while the budget deficit has skyrocketed. He likened teachers and public safety workers (cops and firefighters) picketing at the state Capitol to terrorists. He wants Wisconsin to be the Mississippi of the North. Mississippi! Are you fucking kidding me. If he becomes president, we'll all be living in Mississippi.
I read that he's reduced weight, to 206 or so, down from what at one time was around 222. Hopefully this reduction in weight allows him to better keep his feet under him, allowing him to maximize his incredible skillset. I'd love to see him as the 4th or 5th S. I see them keeping Abdullah, Parker, Branch, Kelcie, and Commings, with Berry on NFI.
I hate IT at my place of employment. They think security trumps capability. I think if they sacrifice capability for security, they aren't good enough for their job. IT works when no one hears from them EVER, but I fucking deal with them damn near everyday. I hate IT.
I wish it were that way. The problem is that IT isn't judged by how they maximize (or even optimize) organizational capacity - there are no metrics of capacity or accomplishment by which to judge them. Why? Because they don't exist to satisfy the mission of the organization. It's those of us doing the business of the enterprise that are judged by what we accomplish. And right now, because of IT's incompetence in keeping organization resources secure, the organization's ability to accomplish its mission is hamstrung. If a mechanic can't keep a vehicle functioning well, the mechanic is replaced. The mechanic isn't responsible for maintaining the vehicle AND policing the streets on which it operates. IT should not be responsible for organizational security. An entity separate from IT is needed, one that allows IT to do information technology rather than information security (IS). Bring in people trained specifically in security to handle information security, rather than leave it in the hands of individuals with AA degrees who cannot and do not possess the education to cover the breadth of IT let alone IS.
Unless the Pope mentioned something about limiting the human population, it isn't enough.
The error pointing to the registry makes me wonder whether you have the immortality key? Have you used WinBUGS before on this machine?
I'm advocating for more competency by paying for more educated people focusing on one task rather than two. With as much corporate espionage (e.g., St Louis Cardinals-Houston Astros affair, government employee data breach) going on these days, it's time to find an alternative way to accommodating security without costing us our ability to operate. Currently, conflating IS with IT means we don't, and can't, have good IT.
If he clears waivers, he'll probably get an IR designation.
I'm a member, though I've not done anything for/with them yet. There's often sample design problems, analytical chores, etc. Some might require coding, but there's a variety coming in all the time and you can pick how involved you want to be.
It's all pro bono, no dues, only the time folks invest in it.
I did this once. Except when I went for the phone, the guy turned away and I ended up poking him in the eye. He left the theatre, though, to finish his call. He also called the cops and I was arrested. The cop REALLY wanted me to apologize to the guy but I wouldn't. Would do all again. So, beware, if you answer the phone during a movie, you might get poked in the eye.
My wife affected an English accent after we spent a week in Canterbury. She couldn't help it. I was incredibly embarrassed the whole time, but the Brits didn't seem to mind.
I can't for the life of me understand the fascination with a serial killer. How can this be a show?
There is no reason you couldn't go to graduate school right now. You may have to make up some of the coursework, but if you find something that leverages your educational background (e.g., diseases affecting both humans and wildlife), somebody would almost certainly love to have you.
Mismanagement cut the population... Hell, overpopulation is the cause of global warming. Depopulation is an entirely reasonable solution.
Most campus bookstores I'm familiar with do not allow you to stroll around with a book bag. You got to check those things.
What country are you in, because that won't work anywhere I've been in the U.S.
I choose to believe this is really a debate about taxonomy. 41% side with the idea that birds are dinosaurs.
I wouldn't call this a repeated measures analysis. A repeated measure requires you to repeat the measure, and as best as I can find, they did not test a subject more than once. Edit: misread their procedure. I still don't understand the worry about unevenness of sample size.
&gt;It's truly weird symptom of privilege that management dictates to IT. Would they tell plumbers how to get the toilets hooked up for 10,000 employees? Nope. IT has to facilitate the mission of the organization, so of course management is going to dictate what is required. IT has to make it work, or they aren't good enough for the task and should admit as much.
I'm not trying to defend management. But I also don't have a lot of faith in IT.
There is no capacity for 'balance' when you have 7 billion people.
But those dance moves. There's no excuse for those moves.
Is a Pilsner a light lager?
If we wanted cats to maintain a 'natural' life, we would not have domesticated them. Cats belong indoors, there are no ifs, ands, or buts about.
Looks like a robin to me as well.
Cats kill whether they are domesticated or not. Cats belong indoors.
Unfortunately, it isn't common enough.
Did you miss the part about it being so crowded they have people pile backstage to get around? Sounds like a nightmare.
It seems Gelman assumes there have only been two fake bakers in 20 years. There have only been two who have been caught. Regardless, the system in which science proceeds isn't meant to guard against fraud. Sure, it'll eventually overcome the consequences of it, but it can be a slow process. The system that does guard science against fraud is the legal system. Fraud is fraud wherever it is perpetuated.
Just because you're signaling does not mean I have to slow to allow you in. Plan sufficiently far enough in advance and you won't have to impede the progress of others.
Perhaps. But that's for them to decide. Not 'we'.
Perhaps the question should be, why should human morality apply to other species? If it does, then the question that naturally results is, why doesn't the 'morality' of other species apply to us? Rape, extra-pair copulation, infanticide, etc, all occur naturally in the animal kingdom. Are these things wrong? Of course they aren't, because right and wrong do not apply.
You misunderstand me. Humans have no stake in whether the wolf eats the moose, or the wildebeest outruns the lion. It matters not to us whether a robin abandons her best or a deer starves in winter. These are the natural processes of the Earth and to think we, We, know better is hubris of the highest order.
If an alien species of similar intellect and awareness as us engages in what we would deem immoral behavior, so be it. Perhaps it's slavery, ritual murder, infanticide, cannibalism, none of these are things we have a stake in. This is for them to address, not us. We don't have to like it, we may find it obscene, but our morality doesn't apply to them. How can it? How do we apply our morality to them? We say, you must stop this obscene behavior or..., or what? Our morality is ours and ours alone. Everything else between species is negotiated.
Perhaps. Male lions that take possession of a pride will kill all of the young to bring the females into heat faster. Is that wrong? Of course not. Some species, such as bees and ants, will sacrifice themselves for the good of the hive or colony. Is this suicide immoral? Of course not. It's what these animals do. To be judged by our standards of morality makes no sense.
War is a human concern, and therefore a subject to which morality applies.
We know what organisms are not of us. Morality only applies to us. One thing you've not considered is the practicality of morality. What purpose does moral behavior serve? What purpose does it serve to require moral behavior from animals? Morality serves to govern human behavior, not animal.
We ought to behave morally but there is no mechanism by which that requirement can be manifested among nonhumans.
Net happiness has no bearing on an organism's fitness. We do not know whether some organisms even experience happiness. So, clearly, to these organisms your morality has no place.
You do not understand what an ecosystem is. We cannot have a humane ecosystem AND allow carnivory, for instance.
The carnivores will have to go. That isn't an ecosystem, that's an engineered system, and you're mouthing nonsense if you think the carnivores have got to go (extinct?). It is not moral to drive species to extinction.
I'm not equating natural with ethical, only that morality is a human construct for governing human behavior.
If another species does something we find repugnant, it is we who find it repugnant. Morality is a behavior-governing belief system. If these alien child-raping organisms have sentience, then what makes us the moral arbiter to hand down judgement on their intra-species interactions? We are not an angelic species with some heaven-sent high ground to stand upon, looking down on all other life. If we enter into comity with these aliens, we would expect to negotiate a shared morality, an expectation of how one another should be treated. As another poster suggests, we could force our morality on this and all other species, but I hardly see the moral correctness of such behavior. Any forced morality is for our benefit, not that of those whom it is forced upon.
Because it is not a natural property of the universe. In the absence of humans, there is no morality.
It doesn't matter if they're Martians or Dolphins. If they are sentient beings, they'll almost certainly have a moral perspective. It may not be like ours. And then what do we do? Impose ours upon them? As if ours is right and theirs is wrong? And we know this how? Humanity is the architect of the largest extinction spasm in the last 65 million years. We clearly don't hold any moral high ground.
It's neither bad nor good. Subjective statements of bad or good do not apply. It is the cycle of life.
This woman is horribly naive.
And which ones are these? I know of no sentient beings that are also asocial. Sociality has, by definition, a behavior-governing mechanism. This behavior-governing mechanism is morality.
It is not the case that the things you find good apply to another. There is no ultimate good anymore than there is an ultimate truth. Sometimes that which is good for one is poor for all; we are impoverishing the world by consuming ever more net primary productivity - this is good for the individual but will doom us all.
Mexicans and redheads are human and therefore human morality applies.
(I'm not trying to avoid any discussion - I'm on a phone and alien blue is making it difficult for me to keep track of comments) any ways... Because Nazis are human and human morality applies. Nazism makes it easy to apply human morality. There are subtler cases that make it less obvious (e.g., child labor). For you to believe that our morality applies to all sentient species is to suggest that we, and none of these other sentient species, we alone have the correct understanding of what defines moral behavior. Clearly this is farcical. We cannot even agree among ourselves as to what is moral. There are a few things we might be able to agree upon, but they are conditional and not absolute (e.g., killing is bad, unless... Pick your caveat here). Morality is not absolute. It cannot be. Human morality does not exist outside of human existence. It is not a characteristic of the Universe. It is a characteristic of humans. A such, it can only apply to us. To apply it to others is hubris.
Your comment below 'special pleading' was not available to me until after I posted my reply. I'll respond to the extent I can on the rest. You ask, where do we draw the line? I think it's pretty clear what is human and what is not. Are other Homo species in or out? I guess that would depend upon whether our two (or more) species are inculturated. But then, our morality would be a shared morality, not wholly H sapiens. As a shared morality, it would be negotiated. We would define what is absolute and what is conditional. We might apply to ourselves moral standards which do not apply to these other species, and they might do the same. For instance, they might suggest that individual rights are secondary to group rights and that the group prevails even if it comes at the cost of individual consequences. Could we imagine a morality where that would be acceptable? Social insects behave this way. If they were sentient, our morality would not apply to them.
Math is a fundamental characteristic of the Universe. Morality is not. Math is whether we observe it or not, morality only exists if we create it. If our species identifies something universal, it still requires negotiation with other species to make it so. Otherwise, it is simply no more than a human aspiration.
I would have gone with a doctoral advisor on the upside of his career rather than one nearing retirement. My advisor couldn't/didn't keep up with what I was doing, principally because he couldn't follow the specifics.
Aren't jokes supposed to be funny? Nothing funny about this.
I drafted him two years ago in the third round and then was able to keep him as a franchise player this year. He bailed me out a lot; incredible player, especially when Roethlisberger is at QB.
Cats should be kept indoors so this sort of thing never happens. It's irresponsible pet ownership to allow it.
They learn to move quietly when outfitted with a bell. Bells are easy for them to adapt to because they are pounce predators.
I'd like to see a 1:1 line with the points above the line in blue and those below in, say, red, to identify which made money and which did not. The exponents are blurry so it's hard to see by eye. Cool figure nonetheless.
The pellets are easy to clean, but mine also poops out a greasy mess that sticks aggressively to whatever it touches. This means my floof stays in his pen for longer than I'd like. In summer, we let him out on the sun porch and he tends to poop on newspaper we've laid down in the corners. Tends to...
Good to know.
My grandmother didn't learn to drive until she was 65.
You are within your rights to decline to extend authorship to this tutor if he did not materially and substantively aid in the development of the manuscript. A co-author doesn't have to write anything, but they should have helped in developing the ideas, collecting data, provided analysis or important inferential insights, edited the manuscript, etc.
I'm in a 2-QB league, so if I get a chance to draft Newton in round 1, I will.
They go to jail. If they do not, then I call bullshit and join the next wildlife refuge takeover.
You're right.
It would not be appropriate to confer to him honorary authorship. If his contribution did not merit it, he should not be included. Consider acknowledging him.
All this means for me is that I'm up 5-7 times that night pissing.
Swartz's error was believing that previously published science could be made free by fraudulent means. His interests would have been better served creating a means of publishing open science moving forward. I suspect we may someday reach the point where scientists will publish their work on their website. It'll have a digital object identifier, be indexed, receive post-publication review from peer scientists, and be free for public consumption. To put something like this into effect would require something to organize all of this, something that mashes arXiv, ResearchGate, Kudos, and other publishing, peer-reviewing, and publicizing tools.
Still like Daniel Craig more than Sean Connery.
Your inference should be that there is no apparent relationship between these two variables.
Or the Governor, as with Governor Walker of Wisconsin.
The guy will never amount to much as a professional. He plays with no fire. He excelled because he was physically superior to his opponents, but that will only be partially the case in the NFL. Without the necessary desire, this guy is going to get over drafted and never live up to his capability. Bet on it.
I would never have allowed that with my child. Both my spouse and I, plus our youngest, have scars from dog bites. One was an angry dog, another a happy excited dog, the last a confused dog. The common denominator? Dogs have sharp teeth and use them in regular social interaction with members of their own species. They cannot be trusted to not use them in interactions with you.
Getting a job programming is easier than getting one in NFL scouting. I'm looking at job announcements in my local paper and see plenty in programming, none in scouting. The US employs tens (if not hundreds) of thousands of programmers, but each NFL team has no more than about a dozen scouts, so we're talking a community of 500 individuals. If you don't have a football playing background, I can't imagine how you'd find a position with a squad. Perhaps in analytics, but you'd be better served with degrees in statistics rather than computer science. Go to graduate school to get a degree in statistics (with an emphasis or thesis in sports analytics) and then try to find an internship at a club, doesn't even have to be an NFL club, could be any pro sport, foreign or domestic. That's the only route I see to scouting for a non-collegiate/professional player.
Each of these kids needs more sleep.
A middle liveried package is not the same as unsolicited merchandise. Edit: autocorrect sucks. That's supposed to say 'misdelivered', which my iPad now wants to correct as 'misread reed'
That's the strange thing. I can't say that I ever have.
That's what I thought, which is why I don't understand the elevated concerns by the US State Department.
Zitacuaro and the Monarch Biosphere Reserve. We've been told to stay south of the 15D toll road.
Is this guy a storm trooper, because he can't hit shit. How many bullets does it take to kill someone?
If you're a biology major, you might wish to transfer. You're clearly in an inferior department.
Nothing in biology makes sense except in the light of evolution. - Theodore Dobzhansky.
Reminds me of Ryan Leaf. There were similar rumblings about him before the draft. Whomever drafts Cook will be wasting their selection. If he's not matured by now, it won't happen.
Whenever I think of dark matter (as a non expert) I can't help but think on 'constitutive absences'. A vase is only a vase because it can be filled. It's emptiness is only possible not because of some characteristic of the emptiness itself, but because of the shape of the vase. Take away the vase, you take away the emptiness. Take away matter, do you still have dark matter?
It is exactly this that reinforces for me just how incredible the Patriots machine is.
The points I'm referring to are published estimates; the data contributing to them are unrecoverable, which is why I'm treating them as data.
Apparently I don't know what dark matter is, but I glean that physicists don't either.
Sure they do, but are you going to expend a 1st round choice in the hope it happens? Ryan Leaf and Johnny Manziel show the peril of that approach.
I don't understand the use of the word 'coincidence' here.
If they used eBird for this, they cannot know if birds head out over the Atlantic to make their way between NA and SA.
Habitat selection, foraging selection, and migration ecology are so commonly studied that they're often not even thought of in terms of ethology or traditional behavioral ecology.
Do not do this. Stop. Say no. Then look them in the face while they re-adjust. If you blink you'll be teaching 3 lectures a week for the semester. Do not blink.
Believe me, in 20 years you won't care one bit about the difference between UCSD's and Sixth College's. I don't recall buying anything (I think everything was rented).
You can read way too much of someone's past by their change in names. I had one job candidate marry, hyphenate, drop the hyphen and then take a third name. I spent way too much time wondering what was going on in their personal life at the expense of time considering academic accomplishments. Is that bullshit? Why, yes it is. Doesn't mean it doesn't happen.
I had music removed from my Purchased location on iTunes, but because I still had the emailed receipt I knew I had rightfully purchased the song. I had to call them because no amount of email or web help can resolve the problem. They were real nice about it, though. 😕
I'm not so sure. Have the Chiefs ever resigned an offensive lineman since Dorsey has been in charge?
Jah Reid is a journeyman from the Raens, not a home grown asset.
True. We shall see.
Uh, I was graduated from high school and fifth date didn't mean light groping. There was plenty of banging going on much earlier than that. I was in California, at the time, so maybe we were ahead of the curve...
There are 7 billion of us, and in a hundred years very, very few will be remembered.
Human lives only outweigh everything else because we make it so, not because they inherently are. Value is malleable, determined by two (or more) entities engaged in a transactional relationship. In this relationship, one entity held all of the power, and therefore had exclusive right to determine what was valuable and what was not. Imagine if that had been a human slave - the slave has value, but it's perception of what is valuable is irrelevant, because it doesn't have the power to make it so. We can very easily imagine ending the life of the slave to save the non-slave child. This has nothing to do with humanity, or lack thereof. It has to do with power.
The present value of human life is entirely predicated on whether you value them. Some of us don't value the child more than the gorilla. Some of us do. In 100 hundred years, we'll have more than 10 billion people, but we likely won't have any wild gorillas.
Fugly!
Wisconsinite and Badger fan. Stave is a head case. He got the yips a couple years ago and couldn't even throw a short out route without skipping it off the turf. He will never be a professional player. I'm surprised any team would give him the time of day.
It's not advice, just an observation.
This happened to me. We ended up taking my daughter's friend on our errands. When the mom called wondering why we weren't home, we were just leaving the dentist to go to Target. She said, good, I'll meet you there. She didn't show up there either, or answer her phone, so we went to the grocery store. 2.5 hours after leaving home, she shows up while we're in the dairy aisle, no explanation, hardly a thanks, and clearly perturbed she had to find us in the store. I was done catering to her and not interested in leaving my groceries to walk her child out to the car. That was the last time our children got together.
Nice to have helper... Only one dog doing any work there.
All of these kids need more sleep. Based strictly on a sample size of two, I know children hold their shit together better when they are not tired. Adults, too, based on a sample size of 1.
The field is overwhelmed with talent but underwhelmed with jobs relative to the need. This means you need to be uber-talented relative to your peer competitors. You also need to be uniquely talented, possessing a skill quite rare but valuable. Being a molecular ecologist or quantitative ecologist, for instance, means marrying two (or more) disparate disciplines, basically with the idea that the skills you offer are available rarely elsewhere. And then, you hope you picked a niche that has sustainable resources flowing to it. The themes in this reply are competition, niche evolution, and carrying capacity (perhaps among others) - notions you should become intimately familiar with as you pursue your studies in ecology.
Percentile? But maybe since your username is 'ribbing', you knew that and were just, well, you know...
Probably Mr My Name, without the degree after.
I'm not buying anything that has Captain America as part of Hydra.
I've authored or co-authored over 140 presentations. Each are listed in an exhaustive CV under Presentations. Not a single one was associated with a paper submission. In my field, this practice of submitting a paper with the presentation is unheard of, though some symposium presentations lead to papers submitted as a packet to a journal.
Then don't go.
Who do you trade? Not Knile Davis. The Cowboys have more running backs than needed. Maybe De'Anthony Thomas, but if they wait long enough they can get him for free.
They kill a lot.
I can't tell, but is this in an R package?
They didn't have cum laude honors when I went to UCSD. What are the thresholds?
They tied for the most defensive touchdowns (with Arizona). Defensive scoring is too opportunistic to count on from one year to the next.
What was the driver of the car that got crushed supposed to do? Where I'm at, this exact thing happened when a dump truck driven by an inattentive facebooking still-drunk-from-the-night-before driver drove over a mustang. The only thing the driver of the mustang could have done was stay in bed that day. Brake-checking is not defensive driving.
Be friends and go find someone else to fuck.
Cats should be kept indoors.
This is why brake-checking is stupid. If you do it, you are stupid. Don't be stupid.
How is the auto driver an idiot? What was he supposed to do?
The Chiefs drafted a woman-beater because he can run a 4.24. That's a half second faster.
When you live essentially forever, its hard to get excited by much of anything...
I made a short visit to Hong Kong and bought this incredible North Face jacket. Or, so I thought. More than a decade later, I still had the coat, and one day, for whatever reason, I looked at the name tag sewn in the collar. I had purchased a Noth Face.
This shit makes me hate America. (And, I'm an American.)
How could you not like what you're hearing coming out of OTAs and minicamp? He's doing everything we could have hoped for.
If you conduct science and do not publish, only you know the result. That's narcissism, feeding your curiosity at the expense of a larger good. So, if the system incentivizes publishing over not publishing, at least we got one thing in the world right.
Good science rises to the top. Why? Because we understand the system better because of it. The business of science is set up so that it separates the wheat from the chaff, by publishing those studies that promote progress and ignoring that which doesn't. Now, maybe in the humanities it's different. I have no idea what sort of objective function you can pass humanities-related work through to make progress in the field. It has just dawned on me that OP may be decrying the "subjective function" in use in humanities...
Cats should be kept indoors.
Respect your elders, young ones, or I'll kick you off my lawn.
With BIC or any other information criterion, you develop inferences from the model (or models) with the lowest criterion. From what you reported, the 4-cluster solution is the most supported model because it has the lowest (I.e., most negative) BIC.
You'd be wrong. That's why you created the model in the first place, to test your intuition about how the system works.
How is worth determined? By the community picking up some and not the other. Worth is not decided a priori.
This is the sort of bullshit that makes me hate America. (And I'm an American.)
They sell baked goods, jams, and other food stuffs, but friends of mine won't buy it because apparently they're not the most hygienic. I figure we have an immune system for a reason so I don't worry and it's never bothered me.
"Corner conditions" is not a term I'm familiar with. Can you explain?
Wow! What a comprehensive read. I didn't have the stamina to read it all, but it's all there. I disagree with a couple points. For instance, Tamba Hali isn't 'ageless' - he's clearly shown signs the last two seasons of slowing down. He gets great pressure, but hasn't been turning those pressures into sacks like he did in the past. Parker Ehinger appears to be in the lead at left guard, not Zach Fulton. The Chiefs identified Phillip Gaines as being in the lead for outside corner, and Steven Nelson in the lead for the slot. All in all, though, nice novella.
You don't know this.
I don't know anything about James Howard Face, but I did see the high stepping workout tweet. He looks great. Good enough to play week 1, I don't know and no one is saying otherwise. Hopefully he'll be there, but you don't know it enough to suggest anyone who says otherwise is 'a joke'. Your statement was unnecessarily crass given the lack of solid evidence in support of your position.
What a fucking douchebag.
That doesn't look like a bear.
You take issue with the claws but not Hulk's hands?
OP's post is factually incorrect.
They did not need to kill this individual. This is horrible policing. They could have left him in the car for days. Because they are impatient someone needed to die? Bullshit.
There can't possibly be enough traffic to The Wall to warrant a rail line. It represents too much of a threat... unless the wildlings have been civilized and the white walkers have been put down. Do giants still exist in this timeline?
The west coast offense is not a down-the-field passing offense. It attempts to spread teams laterally, completing passes at a high rate. This necessarily means the yards per attempt will be short. This is intended, not a drawback. The author of this article cites this as a negative when it is not.
You're missing the point. They never needed to get him out of the car. Even I can handle that, and, yes, your right, it wouldn't have ended in anybody dying.
It was only a matter of time before he hurt himself? He was shot to death by the police (in the back). Whatever harm he was doing to himself was nothing to what the police were planning. They had no other option but to kill him. Because they were impatient. Bad policing.
I listen to Roughing the Kicker. He covers ground I've already thought about but it's refreshing.
This is certainly beneficial to all who wish to understand dynamics associated with grazed land. The USDA Forest Service has had a very similar long-standing operation called the Forest Inventory and Analysis (FIA). They are incredibly strict about confidentiality (which makes working with the data rather a pain in the ass because they 'fuzz' it spatially [you never know the exact location] and they never release land owner information). NRCS used to operate the Natural Resource Inventory, which was FIA-like plots on agricultural land. The idea behind all of these programs is to provide insight into the status and trend of natural resources, with the idea being that greater understanding of the dynamics associated with these lands will allow for better management, better allocation of government resources, and sustainable use. I see no downside to participating.
You're worried over something that isn't a concern. You are at no risk of losing your pond.
This is reason number two why cats should remain indoors.
Anybody familiar with good tutorials for how to use? I come from R but have not branched into this.
I saw the motorcycle exceeding the speed limit and crossing a double yellow. But it's none of my business.
The adulation over Delaney's sacrifice is mind boggling. I see more Don Quixote or Chris McCandless here than anything. Delaney could not swim. That's like charging the enemy at Gallipoli. Suicide, for no gain (the one child that made it out alive did so on his own merit), and at a terrible cost. I'm not saying it wasn't heroic -it was, but it was every bit as much foolish, as well. It's time to lay this tale to rest and focus on less foolish heroes.
The loan foregiveness program has so many requirements as to be worthless, slicing the pie of eligibility to be extremely meager. I've been a public employee for more than 15 years but my federal loans do not qualify. Why? Because they are one type and not another.
You are gauged by companies on the computer you have? That's peculiar.
My understanding is that this practice pre-dates implementation in R. I was doing this sort of thing in the early 90s in SAS. I think Wit and McClure (2004) on microarrays is a pre-R description.
I love this.
Worry less about the act of publishing and more about doing something worth sharing with your peers. Do it, do it well, write it up, write it up well - the rest will take care of itself.
This is what makes it a tragedy. Delaney didn't know how to swim and he only added to the disaster. I don't think there's a first responder who would advise risking your own life to save others especially when so ill-equipped to do so.
My spouse and daughter insist this is photoshopped. I don't know if this says more about me or them.
Exactly my point. Someone needed to die because the police had no patience.
I was heading to La Crescent on 90 and they forced us off at 35 even though cars were still getting on 90 from 35. Took an hour to get to La Crescent. I still don't know what happened.
For whatever reason it's coming across quite pixelated on imgur.
This answer is all sorts of bullshit.
I don't know what your career interests are, but NCSU is more respected for ecological statistics.
Nice article, but math is incorrect. "A smaller but still sizable eruption was observed at the supervolcano in 1538. That event lasted eight days and created the mountain Monte Nuovo. But since then, the volcano has been quiet, slumbering for MORE (emphasis added) than 500 years."
We predict tsunamis regularly.
Nicely said, but isn't saying there are no stable notions of human nature followed by acknowledgment of patterns in human behavior a contradiction?
You have to realize that only the consumption of petroleum and coal to perform work has allowed humanity to increase to the size it is.
But extrapolating beyond the range of the data is rarely ever a good idea...
YA simply doesn't hold my attention. Perhaps it's because I'm not a young adult. Perhaps it's because the stories are simple, simply written, and formulaic (at least those I've tried).
Cut down on human reproduction and you'd be more effective.
Metal medal
Better to limit human reproduction.
You're neglecting to note that the human population is expected to top 10 billion towards the latter part of the century. Eating less meat won't counter act this increase in population. Arguments suggesting we eat less meat or eating insects instead are stop gap measures that fail to address the root cause of the problem. Putting a band aid on this issue won't solve it.
Sure, but let's start with less reproduction, then I'll know we're serious. Until then, we're just being academic.
Adding hundreds of millions of middle class incomes will overwhelm any gains made by not eating meat. You're not solving the problem, just pushing the consequences of it to some future beyond your lifespan. The ONLY sustainable future is a much reduced population size.
Exactly, by reducing their reproduction.
I don't think changing our dietary habits does anything substantive to address the root cause of the problem. Sure, we could eat less or no meat. To what end? All it allows is for more people in place of the cows, goats, and other livestock not grown. With the disproportionate consequences of non-dietary consumption resulting from these added people now living in place of livestock, in the end changing our diet fails to lead to any lasting solution. The only lasting sustainable solution is a human population size existing at a fraction of its current size.
I admit that the solution most tangible is two-pronged, but one (less meat) without the other (less reproduction) simply isn't a solution at all.
Yes, I'm well aware, but then when you raise their standard of living, then consumption rises. This multiplicative operation is what makes this problem so difficult to solve. We cannot see a path to fewer people consuming less per capita. As a result, it is likely to be forced upon us given that there is only so much net primary productivity available to the biota of the world. Once humanity has captured it "all", and we're in possession of the majority of terrestrial npp at the moment, the effects on humanity will be evident to even the most naive.
Looked like he passed behind a police car.
I'm glad you make the effort.
Unfortunately, the problem is that some people aren't interested in your words even if they are reasonably articulated. Raising your voice isn't a matter of communicating the content of words, but communicating the imperative of them.
It probably got downvoted because of 'dude'?
At present, if you're not aboard by tomorrow (Friday), the ability to complete the hire may vanish for most federal agencies. The newly elected President can enact the freeze to the start of the next pay period (which begins Sunday).
