Xur has sold TLW at least 4 times. How about Red Death? Or Oversoul Edict? Both will wreck people just as hard as hand cannons.
Meh, they combined Sansa's story with Theon's so it's a real stark instead of Jayne whats-her-face. I actually like the changes the show has made. IMHO GRRM has completely lost control of this series. He's turning into Robert Jordan.
I agree, definitely not grimoire score. It's not your Crucible gamer score either. Maybe hours logged? I have no idea.
Lol maybe, Sanderson IS my favorite fantasy author these days. I was thinking about the changes after last week's episode and I was trying to figure out if Feast and ADWD actually pushed the plot forward at all when I realized I couldn't even identify the plot of ASoIaF. I'm not even sure if it ever had one.
Hand cannons just need another range nerf. They should be short-range weapons only. IMHO TLW is fine since it has such short effective range, but Thorn is still too effective at range.
All of them.
If you're having trouble maybe a pulse or scout rifle would be better suited to that situation. All primaries should be most effective at a specific range. If one is best-in-class over multiple ranges then there is a problem. HCs - Short Range AR/Pulse - Mid Range Scout Rifles - Long Range
My TLW is basically worthless at medium or greater range. Yes I can still hit them, but I do such little damage I have virtually no chance at getting the kill unless they're incredibly bad.
You can get the Oversoul Edict from the Abyss in HM Crotas End, which can easily be soloed now.
Can't confirm that, but I've seen every other IB weapon drop except the fusion rifle so far.
Likewise, I play with a friend who is also level 34. I have the higher grimoire score and crucible score, but she has vastly more hours logged than I do. We seem to trade off who holds the flag randomly, but it's nearly always one of the 2 of us.
Except that mixes them in with every other primary, yet they have ridiculous impact to go with it.
:shrug: I mean, you're right, you could attack the imbalance any number of ways. That's really the issue at hand, each weapon class has weapons within it that vary greatly in the way they perform. That's why this game will likely never have true balance as some weapons within each class are outliers. But like you said, you can switch between any of the primaries in PVE and not really lose any effectiveness. Gjallarhorn is vastly more powerful than any other rocket launcher but you never see PVEers complaining about it because they're not stuck at the receiving end. In PVP it's only average, so it hasn't been nerfed. Exotics can remain outliers and still be "balanced" in PVP because you can only ever use one at a time.
Last year I made it my new years resolution to read the whole thing. The hate is justified. It started out average (first book is a massive rip-off of LOTR), but then got mildly interesting. Then around book 5 he lost complete control of the series. You would read entire books where literally nothing happens. Some books only had a handful of Rand chapters. Frankly, I'm amazed that Sanderson saved it as well as he did.
Unless it's in PVP, which is what IB weapons are designed for... I wouldn't pass up the opportunity to get that roll on GD unless I absolutely had to. It will be a beast.
D&amp;D are both huge fans of the series, that's how they got the job in the first place.
Small damage buff to AR's and SR's and a slight range reduction to HC's. IMHO.
What makes you think they aren't? They're constantly listening to us and he's told us that many times over. Weapon balancing doesn't happen over night.
How is it from the hip? Because if it's a regular fusion from the hip but also accurate at range I could see how that could be really advantageous.
The counter to Thorn is Red Death, not more Thorns. IMHO.
TLW has virtually no aim assist and a very low mag size compared to its fire rate. It is an extremely high skill cap weapon. Anyone who has actually used one would know this.
I'm confident that's how this is supposed to work.
I had them and dismantled them before I realized they don't even give you ascendant shards. And now they're gone forever.
The most likely explanation is insane plot armor.
Super hard to aim, but it's a lot of fun when you nail it.
Shooting someone with TLW at range (as in, scout rifle range) essentially feels like you're just tickling them. 9/10 you'll lose that battle to anything but another HC. If you're using aggressive ballistics you might as well not even bother.
I don't know how much of the outcry is from PVPers to be honest, this topic always comes around when IB is up, which is when the PVEers all try for the loot. Most PVP guys I know don't really care that much about nerfing Thorn. They either use it because they like it or they deal with it in other ways. It isn't the end all be all weapon that a lot of people make it out to be.
too soon, man. too soon.
GRRM gives off a bit of a George Lucas vibe to me, which I hope I'm wrong about. I feel like one day he could just get fed up and say "You know what? Fuck you guys. I'm out." Thankfully we have the HBO series that is guaranteed to be finished so we'll never not know how all our favorite characters die in gruesome detail.
I honestly have no idea, lol. It's the gun I use 95% of the time in the Crucible, I feel like I know it pretty well.
The game is $20 and comes with a full month's worth of sub ($15 worth) and you get a random limited time item that you can sell for major cash on the AH. I'd say it's a good time to jump in.
You're doing god's work. Saved me a lot of headache.
The montage was for sure PS4 graphics.
Don't feel bad. If you were a Gunslinger you wouldn't have to worry about it because you never have it after you die mid-animation :)
IMHO the only game that has done well in this genre has completely gone outside the box, Destiny. It's a shared world FPS with lots of MMO tendencies and it is killing it right now. The subreddit is over 170k subscribers, which is quickly approaching WoW's subreddit level. I think Greg is absolutely right that you can't build a better WoW than WoW, you have to go a completely different direction.
The $500 million wasn't for just the first game...
Recent Lucasarts history would suggest it would have looked amazing in promos but then been really short and shitty.
Went in expecting Star Wars. Left profoundly disturbed.
You are literally doing god's work.
It is way too big for Control and Clash. Maybe if it was 12 v 12 it would work. I've never played a round on Bastion where we won before the time ran out.
If only it was just other kids. But I guess man-children still count.
It's a top tier pvp hunter exotic, no question. I'd much rather have constant tripmines out than an extra golden gun shot.
No idea why you were downvoted, throwing knives aren't counted as melee kills for any bounty.
They aren't mutually exclusive. Taking away the power of the confederate flag is a much simpler issue than racists with legally obtained firearms and no moral compass.
That build is kind of worthless now (a whole lot less ammo available to pick up so the scavenger perk is useless now), but the Spine is still good. You quickly learn the most effective places to guard each control point with a tripmine to ensure kills. Most people don't see them until it's too late. Although all you assholes running max armor are ruining our fun. And shotgun users that sprint past them, grr.
Yeah but considering what it used to be, ehhh. People used to drop ammo boxes every time they died, sometimes multiple boxes. And special ammo boxes were freaking everywhere to pick up.
Bro, do you even NDT?
Do you kiss your mother with that mouth?
I don't think anyone was complaining about the physical items though, were they? I thought everyone was losing their shit over not getting the emotes and class items?
I just wish people would stop lumping TLW in with Thorn as if it's totally OP as well. It's only really good in extremely short ranges and it has a tiny mag with almost no aim assist. It's certainly no better than Red Death at medium range or MIDA at long range. That to me says it is balanced. Then again I don't think Thorn is that unbalanced either. I think if they changed it so the DoT couldn't actually kill someone it would be fine. But to be honest if they actually nerfed the hand cannon range it would probably be for the best. Hand Cannons should be short-range weapons only, the fact that they outperform all the medium range weapon classes (ARs/PRs) should not be happening in PVP or PVE.
This sub was like that, once.
It's the new exotic sniper/fusion rifle
Yeah I agree, I think that's a bug and not intentional and should be fixed. I'd be ok with an across the board range nerf for hand cannons, but I don't think it will change much in PVP where it's 85-90% short range engagements.
Please note that one game has microtransactions to cover the cost of content development while the other has paid content releases. Two completely different types of games.
They kind of have for me. I tend to ignore movie Anakin and insert TCW Anakin since he was portrayed so much better.
World's most obvious strawman argument.
Shit, it's not often you see a Reaper that doesn't involve arc blade.
I'm just sitting here waiting for the Westboro Baptist Church to do something hilarious and hopefully not tragic.
Ask any PVP player if Truth is an underdog. It's easily the best exotic heavy in the game to pvpers. I always switch to it right before heavy ammo drops.
Somebody's assumption. Megaman datamined it, but Bungie has altered Xur multiple times since then, which megaman himself confirmed. We don't really know what's what anymore.
Ugh no kidding. I really enjoy using it in the Abyss but when you turn around to face 24 thralls coming at you and it only fires one shot instead of obliterating all of them it's really annoying.
It was "fixed," but the fix neutered the damage output on all the shots after the first one, making it even less useful. So they reverted it back for the time being.
Leave it to attorneys to make sure they butt right up to the line of the law to make sure they screw you over as an employee as much as physically possible.
FWIW, the Head Teller could easily be the Assistant Branch Manager at a community bank. Shit, the Branch Manager could BE the Head Teller.
The shocking thing to me is that someone who wanted a confederate flag iced onto a Wal-Mart cake even knew what the ISIS flag looked like.
It's either true or they're too ignorant or too young to know the true meaning. There are definitely people who use it strictly as a "proud to be from the south" flag, but 10 out of 10 have no idea the history behind the confederate battle flag or it's history with the KKK. Maybe Maybe 1 out of 5 could identify the real confederate flag.
A lot of us are from the south... I was born in rural western VA and live in SC now. Most people who fly that flag probably wouldn't if they understood the context and how it is viewed by black people. ie ignorance. And if they still flew it even after considering it, racist.
Pimp slapped a Titan mid smash and then lanced 5 people at once? Is she single? :swoon:
Yes, last night I just abandoned 4 IB quests I had hanging out there nearly complete from the last time. :sigh:
ish
Unless you're playing the modes that are likely to get you an exotic you won't see them. Run the Nightfall, either raid, and your first PoE with the treasure key is a guaranteed exotic drop. Plus the exotic bounties which pop up pretty frequently and there's even a decent chance at getting them in PVP now. If you do the heroic strikes you'll get strange coins and can buy exotics from Xur each week. If you're just dicking around in patrol or doing strikes you aren't likely going to see one for a long long time.
That sub is the main reason the game has received so many QoL improvements to date. It is far from apologetic about the state of the game. As long as your criticism is constructive it will always be fine.
It's not automatically deception. Many things could have happened between then and release that could cause it to fall by the wayside. How many times have we seen previews that show off unbelievably good graphics only for the release client to be average at best because the consoles couldn't keep up the FPS at the higher graphics levels?
I know, it's like all the good wives are taken.
He might not strictly have an obligation to finish, but he certainly has a moral obligation. He created a story that many of us fell in love with and have obsessed over for years, decades even. We're the reason he can do what he loves. We support him. For him to just drop it for no legitimate reason would be a seriously dick move.
It's not perfect, for sure. No adaptation of a book series that routinely hits the 1,000 page mark for each book could be adapted to TV well. There's no doubt that they're streamlining the plot quite a bit too, it is definitely more plot focused and less character focused, but I would argue that it's because the books are so character focused that the plot has all but disappeared. Shows need to have more plot than books do.
When they left out the Tysha story I was seriously let down. Talk about a change for no reason. Not to mention a great moment to develop all of the characters involved substantially.
I was born in '82, am millennial. I think you're safe. also it's weird to see people WANT to be millennials for once.
30s are way better than 20s. You actually have money in your 30s
Stop whatever you're doing and start binge watching Parks and Recreation right now.
Surely you're making more money than you did right out of college?
Maybe you need to step back and consider what would be a good reward and whether it's even possible to get it from the Nightfall? If you already have every exotic you're not likely to have a chance at getting anything useful.
It would be a cosmetic item, good luck convincing them not to charge you silver for it.
Way higher than average. Anything 20 or above is good, IMHO. Or at least it was back when my wife was waiting tables.
Relevant username
In case you're just blissfully unaware, you get downvotes because your posts are aggressive as fuck.
Oversoul Edict was fucking amazing in PVP, and this was before Pulse Rifles got a buff. VoG weapons were way too over powered. CE got it just right (IMHO), and PoE was a major misstep. KF is somewhere between CE and PoE right now.
Yet they still reach the front page, so there is some large part of the community voting for it. Not to mention this type of thread shows up on the front page daily.
It would actually be a really nice bone to throw us, updating VoG / PoE / CE with higher level enemies and updated loot. The VoG weapons would need some tweaking (really just ditching the elemental damage on primaries and making the perks randomized like KF), and they'd need to be updated to the new loot drop system. But we would be eternally grateful.
But also do check out homeland for the plot.
If it makes you feel any better, before challenge mode came out that was my experience in the raid as well.
In his defense, if he is always assigned the left side it's rare that you get any practice with the aura. I've still only done the aura twice and I run the raid every week.
I mean, they've already told us that they're spending almost all their resources on Destiny 2. This implies that there is no "plan" for the next six months, what we have is basically what we'll have in 6 months. It's just that the community doesn't accept that answer for some reason. I'm fine with a content drought if it means we'll get Destiny 2 soon. I've got a ridiculous backlog of games to start on from the last year and a half.
If it makes you feel any better, you'll be a lot better if you don't use the full auto mode for anyone further away than shotgun range anyway.
They don't have to, there's still a chance that regular HM drops will be 320, it's just very unlikely. Totally agree with the PVP issue, it's been there since the very beginning. It's a hell of a lot better now than it was. Before they revamped IB there was literally no way for us PVP people to hit the max level despite having a monthly playlist with level advantages enabled. I ended up raiding by necessity just to be competitive in IB.
Not just falls to his death, he gets knocked into the pit by a blind dude. His only accomplishment is tracking the Millenium Falcon.
Dude, Yoda trained Luke for like a month at max. He was trained for the length of time that Han and Leia sat in that worm's stomach and then traveled to the cloud city. Then, after training him for a month, he tells Luke he can't go save his friends because he has to finish his training. But when Luke comes back to finish, he's like "Oh I was just trolling man, you're done bro. Now all you got to do is kill your father and you'll be a Jedi."
I just got hit with the nostalgia hammer hardcore
It's what we did for Destiny 1, I don't see why the sequel should be any different. We're always striving to make each new game a disappointment.
It has no noticeable effect. You won't be able to tell a bit of difference between 319 and 320.
Virtually every bank has a totally free checking account, why would poor people be choosing one that requires a minimum balance? Your whole post reeks of strawmen. For someone with an MBA you sure don't seem to have much actual knowledge of how banking works...
Grab your parents log in credentials and use the Disney XD app
Yeah, I mean there will always be content droughts between expansions. This is just the first of many. I'm sure many/all of us will be back immediately when Destiny 2 releases.
wat
/r/thathappened
This is why we use banana's for size reference. Too many variations in soccer balls.
Iron Banner weapons are always worth grinding for. It has nothing to do with the playlist.
But mah Econ 101 class...
The shows always start with a small budget and the battle scenes get better and better over time. If you compare the lightsaber battles from S1 of TCW to S5 and 6 you'd be shocked that they're the same show.
Have you ever seen /u/mistborn and /u/GallowBoob in the same place at the same time? I think not.
I would have believed that after Storm of Swords, but after Feast and Dance I no longer think that's correct.
And it doesn't really spoil anything for the previous trilogy. Well, it does, but it's been written clever enough that you won't actually know what's being spoiled until you go back and read the original trilogy. Hell, Mistborn is a great place to start. You've got the original trilogy, which is 100% done, and the Wax and Wayne trilogy, which is also now done. I mean anything with Sanderson always has the potential to be expanded over time, but the story lines for these trilogies are complete (though I have not finished Bands of Mourning yet).
Their new game that hits Kickstarter on the 7th may be a perfect fit depending on details.
It's a good thought, but a years worth of seeing Trump parade around and thinking "my god, this could be our next president" will likely change your mind. I never wanted to support Clinton, but I recognize that she's our only hope of preventing a Trump presidency. It just is what it is. If Supreme Court seats weren't in play it would be different but there's just no fucking way I would sit by and let Trump get to choose. And if by chance she gets indicted, I would GLADLY vote for virtually any other democrat candidate.
It doesn't come up in every election. In my opinion that Supreme Court seat is more important than the president right now.
Of ALL time.
He's got that diaper money
I mean, it WAS a tragedy, so they were halfway there.
Well, they can't try to suppress gay rights any more so they have to latch onto something else.
That's how most of us feel I think
That just makes the pedestal that much higher. He took a gimmick and crafted an SFX masterpiece out of it. And since then nothing has really come close to recreating that magic. The film obviously has many flaws, but if we're just talking about SFX then it absolutely belongs on the list.
This improvement in his campaign is good, but Clinton is up millions of votes. No matter how good Bernie does here he won't be getting the nomination barring an indictment.
Some millennials are in their 30s already. But he's not interested in discussion, just insulting generalizations.
It's just your standard trashy sell out "tell all" book. People will eat it up because it's gossipy and then everyone will forget about it 2 months later. He's just trying to cash in on the free publicity.
I can't think of anything I want less than a live action movie version of Archer.
Really? I constantly see CMON being bashed for their KS practices. Even most of the top comments in this post are that wag
My god this got old so fast. Give it a rest already.
Except even a cursory look at the site proves him wrong. Bernie has been rated most honest for a long time. But it's an anti-Hillary comment so it must be true I guess.
It's almost an impossible question to answer since humor is such a personal thing. The Jump Street movies are personal favorites of mine, they've both got layers on layers of different kinds of humor in them.
Macro lens imo.
It's funny how that's what everyone thinks when the vote favors Bernie but every state that goes to Clinton is fraud
Because Goldman Sachs, which means negative Hillary associations, which means automatic upvotes in Reddit land
Sarcasm? Because all this sub is filled with is attacks on Hillary.
There won't be that many cross platform votes, people will opt to choose not to vote. When it comes down to it, people will see that Hillary is basically 4 more years of an Obama-esque administration while Trump is virtually guaranteed to be worse than W. The anti-Hillary feeling is strong in Reddit today but most democrats don't feel that way, and after the pain of Bernies loss dies down even Reddit will become more pro-Hillary in the face of the opposition.
Anyone who disagrees with me is a paid shill. Or, you're just a pompous aggressive asshat.
This IS their subreddit.
Do his posts contribute to the conversation? If not, then downvotes are justified. Maybe if he actually explained his opinion...
Well, the producers probably felt that way at least.
It'll be hard for it to get any lower than it already is.
It's childish, but certainly no worse than being called a shill for not drinking the kool aid
Do you honestly think she's center right? She and Bernie voted the same 93% of the time and he's an actual socialist.
Yeah there's no correlation between critical acclaim and the quality of a game. It's not like that's exactly what it measures or anything.
Don't forget claiming they're all shills.
Frankly it wouldn't surprise me to learn that these are actually people Trump paid to do this to discredit the democrats and drum up some press for him.
If you're that cynical, that is ALWAYS your choice. No candidate that can get enough support to be nominated will match your belief system 100%. That's just how politics work. The candidate has to appeal to the greatest number of people and in this election cycle that person is Hillary Clinton.
No one is really evil. Thinking they are is simplistic and naive.
Yeah that scene made me like show Jon a lot more because it makes him look more like book Jon, where he constantly fucks up but somehow everything always turns out ok for him. I don't like how competent show Jon is, he's too young to be that good.
It's only been an hour, Christ.
I definitely think we're paying a premium for getting so many huge miniatures. Which to me is the biggest selling point. I loved painting the ones that came with Blood Rage, this will be my favorite painting project to date from them.
It's just a figure of speech. Obviously you have the "right" to complain, but if you don't vote your voice won't be heard in the electoral process.
You must be fun at parties.
The people saying nothing is happening have lost their fucking minds.
Just wow.
Can't tell if satire, which bravo if it is. That's the best kind.
I thought it was both? I definitely could be wrong, it's been a long time since I reread the older books
He's literally the worst.
How come? He's got the chops to pull off Gambit. If you're still picturing him as his early crap roles you should check out some of his newer movies. He's a decent actor.
There's no such thing anymore.
Our country IS great. It's one of the best by most metrics. Doesn't mean we shouldn't strive to make it better though.
I thought for sure you were going to make a shit analogy. Am disappoint.
Wait, seriously?
I was shocked that this ended up as PotG, but if Genjis can cry I was bathing in his tears.
Hmm, disagree. Increasing exposure creates noise. I usually overexpose by at least a quarter stop to get the most detail out of shadows possible. Just enough to get the extra detail without blowing highlights. This image is way overexposed though, to the point where highlights are completely lost
Hence the overpopulation issue.
Hodor
Trumps nicknames are childish and uninspired. But it's not surprising that his supporters wouldn't see it that way. This Drumpf thing is idiotic and I'm frankly ashamed that John Oliver would stoop to his level. But then again John Oliver is the host of a comedy show, not a presidential candidate.
But the alternative where people wildly speculate based on absolutely no evidence is ok? Reddit is a weird place.
Just the fact that you think anyone is actually evil is enough to disregard your opinion.
You are fucking everywhere on this site.
Or rather, she knows they're not actually storm troopers. Hence the sarcasm.
Because luke is a bumbling idiot. I never knew people didn't read that scene that way to be honest.
Ah yes, /r/politics favorite scapegoat
Criminals tend to be larger than average, and it takes roughly the same body mass to subdue them effectively. Or something like that. But not all cops need to be subduing criminals as part of their job.
I think we'd all love to understand. I doubt many will agree but if we could just understand a little bit it would help.
For auto insurance?!
Nah, that's just the confidence of a college freshman/sophomore.
Almost no game is set up that way. 99% of micro transactions are for convenience or cosmetics.
This is basically your entire post history. It's literally nothing but anti-clinton posts.
It's all semantics. You can easily claim that any content released after the fact was held back, there's no way to disprove it. Doesn't mean it's true though.
Yes but it's not easy when Walmart is one of your clients. They will demand huge production from you.
The epitome of remaining Bernie supporters right here.
Please don't. It's such a blatant ripoff and CAH has more than enough expansions already.
Yep, second only to the Maul, Savage, Palpy fight for me.
Kasich could have had a chance. He's quite the moderate and easily would have gotten more support than Trump in the general IMHO.
This is bound to be his next move.
Oh the animation gets soooo much better toward the end. It's almost unrecognizable from the low budget show it starts as. Edit: Fixed words and stuff
Even with the /s tag it's still infuriating.
And soon Donald fucking Trump might control them. If that's not a terrifying thought...
Exactly, so they might call themselves socially liberal, they just won't support those issues if it requires federal intervention. Nothing wrong with that, it's a totally valid platform and there are some very intelligent libertarians. Socially liberal fiscally conservative is a hard line to walk.
No different than when they upvoted literal North Korea propaganda pages.
Just assume everything on the front page is one.
That's quite the leap of logic from them selling ad space to companies that cater to their demographic.
Wait, wasn't his post sarcasm?
They were forced to do it that way because that's how he dies in the book. It would have been much stronger for him to be unable to attend the trial for some reason and then see that scene later as Cersei tying up loose ends imho.
Yep, that's the great irony of the situation. They oppose abortions, but they also oppose the only things statistically proven to prevent them.
They're so progressive. No wait, that's not right. Regressive.
Yeah but your marriage is less valuable now that the filthy gays can do it too. I really hope I don't need to add a /s tag to that.
Little known fact. She is actually a boat.
Yay more F56s! The yellow is really growing on me, which I never thought would happen.
God this makes me feel old.
