Ethanol is the alcohol in alcoholic beverages, so yes. Don't drink E-85 though, the mixer tastes like gasoline...
Gives new meaning to "raising" an alert.
Getting my cock into the pit is really easy if you know what I mean. But then the flight Marshall tackled me to the ground and wrestled me back to my seat. As he threw me to my seat he said "Wat teh fuckbags is r0ng wIt u?!?!?". I then confidently turn my head to him and reply "Well why else would they call it a cockpit.". The 92 year old man next to me very slowly turns his head to me having the most stunned expression I've ever seen in a person in my entire life. As he looks at me a single tear runs down his face and he chokes the words "You made me believe again.". Immediately the plane flies into space to return to its home planet. P.S. We die on the way back because this woman managed to get her hands on a can of soda and blew up the plane. The End Stay tuned for for the next episode of Dragon Ball Z
You know.... Part of your dating problem might be your approach. You aren't supposed to literally hang your pole out until one grabs it.
Behind their back or to their face.
I drove a '69 VW camper all over SF. Through Chinatown, up and down Lombard, Fillmore, you name it. You get pretty good pretty quick. Helps that I learned stick by driving it home from where we bought it in Berkeley to Daly City in mid-afternoon traffic.
In GTA terms, this is normal.
Like roommates you sometimes snuggle with, but they never help with the bills.
Mmmmmm toffeeee.
Sort of.
I did say that no one tree is that old.
When you think only women and people of color can be victims of racism/sexism, you're sexist/racist.
&gt;When women and people of colour are telling you you're being racist and/or sexist...
Because they make generalizations on "the rest of Reddit."
I think YouTube should make it policy to never put ads before that vid. Just ruins the whole thing.
Nonono. You get 20 guys to come rip up their yard, then they'll stand around pointing at things and shielding their eyes from the sun for two weeks. Then they'll halt work for three months for an environmental review, then scrap the whole project due to cost overruns and someone will just build a Kohl's there instead.
-1 for creeping +12 for finding the best possible buried treasure. Heheheh
Or, possibly, it could show both groups that neither group is bad as a whole, and both can be victimized.
Duuuudde.... You saw that too? We're like, mind melded!
&gt;smush mitten Olympics I don't believe I've heard that term before. Is this some sort of lesbian initiation ritual?
....the horrible scars have cleared up, my life is 100% better!
Yup. Mmm-hmm. I'd get deathly in her hallows, or something.
Speed bag with shaker insert. Send me a T-shirt when you're rich.
New cars. All my cars are / have been less than the downpayment on a new car, and they were all awesome old VWs.
Sort of true, sort of not.
Rent. Bills. Cars. Tools. Professional electronics. Travel expenses. Investment purchases. Things that are necessities or actually worth $350.
I generally don't spend even close to that on single frivolous items. Sure, I've spent many times that on frivolous items over time, but at least in individual servings it was a lot closer to the reasonable value of the item. I'd also take the blame if my own laziness caused the loss of a valued item. Also, if you can't afford to lose a $350 pair of pants, you can't afford a $350 pair of pants.
A bit...?
A Ferrari is a lot different than a Toyota (Though also quite frivolous). A $350 pair of jeans is not 14 times better engineered than a decent $25 pair of jeans. Hell, damn things can't even handle the dryer. An original Picasso is a one-off work of art, the jeans just have a fancy tag on them. Trust me. I work with mechanical things. I know quality is worth paying for. It's a constant battle to find well manufactured parts. I also know that the more expensive option isn't always the better quality. In general, I don't believe in the while "image is everything" aspects of of our culture.
It's whoever "the other people" like at any given moment.
So....she should go to lady jail?
Wat?
Out extreme? No, nobody "out extremes" Fox News. They are the original cable "News" station created explicitly to promote an agenda. All the others are just riding their coat tails. It was more a joke than an actual belief. Just pointing out a classic case of "Whataboutism" that I see any time someone besmirches Fox. Just because "the other side" does it too, doesn't make either "side" right in doing so.
Thanks Freud. But seriously, I'm just cold and my arms are tired from working all day. I wouldn't mind some conversation. Conversely, if I'm sitting all splayed out, there's a good chance I'm just comfortable and would rather you leave me alone for now.
Given the choice between a black crackhead and you, I'd take the crackhead. At least he's got an excuse for being a shitbag.
Do they complain about/fear Mexicans? You didn't specify.
Relax. It's a joke.
Or captured into a degrading orbit until you hit the horizon or are ripped apart by the high energy particles forming the cloud around it.
I know how orbits work. Source: way too much Kerbal. In star wars fictional tech, hyperspace is an extradimensional mode of travel. It doesn't break the law of *c* because they are traveling through warped spacetime at less than relativistic velocities. Hence when they are pulled out of hyperspace by the gravity of a massive black hole, they are susceptible to capture if close enough. Think of it like you suddenly appeared next to a large celestial body traveling at less than escape velocity. You'd be captured and thrown into an orbit consistent with your given velocity.
Bear was only trying to show him a stoney time at the mountain!
This thread is full of people who can't accept/comprehend that there are multiple reasons for everything, and every situation is different. Society is complex.
Driving a truck on the AlCan in the sixties was dangerous and sometimes brutal work.
I'd buy it.
It'll probably get more dates though.
And then your wife will throw her titties in the officers hands.
It was a TIFU a couple days ago. Kid born in '98 got an iPod touch and thought him and his little buddy were cool "men." So their online handle in Runescape or something was "itouchmen98."
Why were you in such a rush to name them?
Beat me to the pun. I bet with your quick wit you'd be able to trick someone into painting a fence for you.
Pretty sure the Irish skew this. They all die from booze, but have eleventeen kids first.
No. Just no. He does a 90 into the flips and finishes the other 90 at the end to land it. Quad flip 180.
I hooked up with a girl years ago that I called "Coconuts". Her friends thought it was a silly nickname, but it was really because she could crack coconuts with her kegalklamps.
Pretty sure that was the joke that went over everyone's head.
You heard the mushmouth to? Sounds like she was trying to talk with a wad of Bubblicious between her molars on both sides.
He shoulda shot first.
You can also toss it in a pile and use it as filler if you ever start tig welding thin steel. Source: decent mig welder who just got a tig yesterday and was up all night watching YouTube tutorials.
I see a few good ones. But only because I ate all the acid and mushrooms and can now literally "see" reasons... When is Shpongle on?
So a series of guys named Murphy walking onstage playing the pipes then getting boots to the chest? I'm in.
Hi A. Vegan! I'm Dad!
Rammstein was definitely the highlight. Teenage me was in angsty heaven.
Instructions unclear. Dick stuck in Mic jack.
Did you just slip into JarJar for a second?
Ah, Ol' Muphry's Law!
Haha, Lana, I know what irony is. But language evolves over time. :automatic weapons fire: *Goddammit Archer! Now is NOT the time for a debate on language semantics!*
Ha! Many experienced TIG guys have said I'm starting on the hardest thing, and my limited experience has already showed me it's true. Steel pools nicely and is relatively forgiving of temperature and speed. Aluminum sucks that heat up and if you aren't perfect, the puddle quickly gets out of control or craters to Hell and back. Butt welds aren't that bad, but inside corners can be a bear to start a clean bead on. Again, I've been at it a week, so my technique is far from refined. I'm sure with a little practice on steel will do wonders for my mechanics.
Alcohol dependance is a huge problem. And dangerous. A guy I know just had two massive seizures after trying to cut out the booze. It's one of the only drugs where the withdrawal alone can kill.
You and I go to different random parties...
If it makes you feel any better, I personally hate cocaine.
Shit's gotta be like 300-400 pounds.
I know your inbox is flooding, but gotta relate my mechanic story. I worked at an old VW shop for five years. Awesome place, great stories, no shortage of interesting people. The boss is a super cool dude, but gets a bit flustered when stressed. My coworker (just three guys in the whole place) was a wacky dude and a decent mech, but didn't have confidence, so I was always helping him. After too many times getting bitched at for something taking longer than expected because I was busy helping him or something, I snapped. I was in the middle of an early smoke break, because I was in the middle of a big job and just wanted to get a smoke in so I could focus on finishing the job before lunch. Had the entire front end disassembled in a half hour and was actually really enjoying the job (lift kit install, fun stuff). Boss saw me smoking and launched into a tirade about how he just paid coworker two days to fix one of my fuckups and was now paying me to smoke (new engine "overheating," I told him before we shipped it that the new temp sensor was reading high as they all did, we even stocked resistors just to compensate for this, but he just said ship it. But no he paid dude for two days to do all sorts of things to bring temps down before just swapping out the sensor for a good used one). Anywhoooo, he wanted the job done. I walked inside, packed up my tools and wheeled my box down the street saying "well, gonna take longer now...." I did it to maintain the friendship I had with him. He's a bro, and I could feel the work relationship straining the friendship. We're all cool now, and I still stop by on Friday nights for beers and bitching, so it worked.
And who are you to say trees don't have a consciousness? I don't mean that in a purely hippie woo-woo way, but in the way that consciousness is ill-defined and a very contentious subject at best.
I've been witness to it making all manner of car run like shit or at least inefficiently. Not like I've been a mechanic for the better part of a decade or anything...
Yes, many modern EFIs can handle it by compensating via variable timing and mixture. But it still results in decreased efficiency, both via inherently less energy and volume replacement by water absorption. Your friend's Audi probably had a well sealed gas tank, and you may live in a fairly dry climate. Here in OR, even the best sealed gas tanks are moot, because the gas is already water contaminated straight out of the pumps due to the amount of ambient moisture. I've personally seen it demonstrated.
Fox owes their fortune to the Simpsons.
Like?
Thirtysomething.
Hmm. My buddy has three and a decent staff. Supports more than a couple adults. Another buddy has one and has made so much he moved into a brick and mortar kitchen and just has a cadre of college kids working the truck now. I refuse to believe that I know over one fifth of the successful food truckers in America...
I'm not at all saying it is guaranteed success, as, once again, foodservice is a risky business. I'm actually usually the one here throwing a dose of reality at potential food truckers. I said passion is a requirement for success, not a guarantee of it. I just found your statement about successful food trucks being "single digits" to be a bit overblown. They may just be in a place to lead the market in their area. I don't know the area, but while an established food truck scene can help new trucks, it can also hurt through competition and saturation. Again, I don't know the details of their demographic. My buddy with multiple carts and trucks was a kid right out of college (not for cooking) and decided to jump into it. He had help getting started from friends and family (Building his first truck actually started the business I'm a part of now.) Source: Worked in kitchens and on food trucks, built more than 10 trucks/carts and maintain working and friendly relationships with all manner of foodies, live in a hotbed of food truck culture.
La Fours!
Da Rude
I wanted Jane. :P
Sex isn't a set thing where you touch boobs, then the peepees and hoohoos, then mouths to peepees and hoohoos, then finally peepees to hoohoos. No. Sometimes you just gotta stuff your face in some labia mid bonk. What guy doesn't think it's hot when a girl pulls it out for some old fashioned shaft slurping? You must be a bore in the sack.
I'm saying I have lots of experience flying headfirst into the ground, snow or not. Y'all are just a bunch of weenies.
Says "GimmeCandyandCuddles." Stay away from my kids... (Edit: that's a joke. Sarcasm. Haha. Thought it was obvious enough.) But seriously, it's true. Anything a guy does with little kids is "suspicious" but gaggles of women can basically grope them and it's just "motherly."
While I agree with the sentiment, no, just no. That place is a shithole of the same kind as the "feminist" places on tumblr they hate so much.
Wat?
They "knew" the sister, but it sounds like OP is the more trustworthy one here. Maybe less paranoia is a good thing. The world is safer than ever and yet we continually shelter kids more and more and constantly assume the worst.
"Insisted his mom stay...." the poster I was responding to implied that it would have been ok had a woman been there. Holy crap, when I was a kid my babysitters would leave us for a minute with a friend or BF or whatever sometimes. No molesting happened. Most people are generally good people. Kids are safer now than ever before.
Joke=over your head....
Don't mind if I do. First, though, Chris, what the fuck are you doing with my niece. Get the fuck out of my campsite you sick bastard.
I understand. Imagine a group of guys looking at a picture of a naked little girl like "omg! Look at the cute little labia! She's gonna be a maneater some day!"
For a few minutes? Kid breaks an arm, you take them to a hospital. Mom can wait ten minutes to find out. I've watched kids for a few minutes. Nobody died or freaked out. Usually I just make a new friend.
Oooooo, stranger danger! Back to the old "kids are much, much more likely to be hurt by known adults and relatives than *scary strangers*" truth...
Hashtag thatsthejoke.org
Something something broken arms something jolly rancher something steel memes.
That's length, not degree of fuckup.
I've actually never done salvia. But I'm quite familiar with it. All the out of body experiences I've had have involved MDMA, MDA, 2CB, and the catalyst nitrous oxide. Saw my body floating in space getting massaged by two warm waterfalls, that were actually my ex's hands. Turned into my friend and saw myself drooling on the couch across from him, then the cat informed me that we were all the same being experiencing the universe from different perspectives. Watched the world swirl away into blowing sand and turn into me and the girl of my dreams only to have us smash together and fling my hand perfectly into intercepting the bong being handed to me while she slept peacefully in my lap....
With Dave playing the white guy and Charlie Murphy as BB.
Yes, sandwiches can be like a drug a too. Food addiction is a thing. People do overindulged in eating for the serotonin response. That's one of the big causes of obesity. Yes, people do have sexual withdrawal. Never seen somebody get irritable or irrational after a "dry spell?" People do damage themselves and others through consensual mutual pleasure sometimes. And lastly, you're right. Just about anything can be abused and overindulged in. But that's more of an argument against the scapegoating of drugs than the realities of sex.
And nowhere did I advocate for complete abstinence. I myself partake in drugs, sex, porn, and masturbation. But like you both said, just about anything can be overindulged in. I picked up on the drug example because it's something well known to be abused.
More like meth, booze n heroin. The Kesey Kids spange and sell things.
I'm not a kid anymore, but have always been a fan of music from before my time (in addition to modern music). I could have been in "le wrong generation" if that was a thing in my time. I hear this hate for le wrong generation and think that people don't get where the sentiment comes from. It's less "music today sucks, uggg" and more "I have a preference older music, and wish I could have experienced it in it's time with like minded peers. I think I would enjoy that more than the big show everyone is going to this weekend." Unfortunately, they're teenagers so the best they can articulate it is often, yes, "music today sucks, ugggg." But in all honesty, they are perfectly welcome to enjoy whatever music they want. And musical tastes change and evolve. Heck, I used to hate eighties music, now it brings happy nostalgia. I wouldn't be caught dead listening to Fleetwood Mac in high school, now Stevie can bring me to tears.
Once you go white, you go "Meh, I've had better."
Name that looks like a Welsh village, hitting on sheep.... I'm convinced.
Normally, yes. But in this application, the tremie pipe is parallel to foreshaft on the grammeters, so you need to transduce the friction through a hemispherical obtusion.
So you don't not want to not have anal sex? Or you do not not want to have anal sex? I'm confused.
Started running around with younger guys and pulled a shotgun on me for finding her suggestive MySpace messages with one of them. Said I ruined her trust in me. This was after four years of her not having any friends besides me. I tried to help her make some friends, but she was too bipolar or whatever to maintain any other relationships (our relationship was 50% me trying to calm her down from the latest end of the world. When she started hanging out with the other guys, she started saying *I* had kept her from making friends, and she had left all her friends for me, because she could only be friends with guys. Then finally admitted that she was fucking all her friends when we met, and liked me enough to stop for a few years. Yeah, that's why she could only be friends with guys. Her vagina did all the work.
Drrrr drrrr drrr, of course.
Whole half whole whole half whole whole, for us depressed folks.
[Nostalgia!](https://youtu.be/2DDbJzDAZUU)
It was a very different time. If they couldn't outright prevent blacks and other "undesirables" from voting, they could do the same in practice by giving them criminal records.
I'm a skateboard riding white American. Not fat, hate dew, Whole Foods sucks, live in an upscale neighborhood but broke af, where do I fit in? ....oh yeah, nowhere. That's probably why I'm on Reddit right now.
Meh, I'd have agreed a few years ago, but since moving to a warmer climate, I find 85 to be about perfect. Unless it's in the South. Then 85 feels like a jello filled oven. Over 100 is where shit gets lame, unless there's a cool river nearby. Then it's perfect again.
Yup. Phosgene. Nasty stuff. You're correct that it's not true mustard gas, but as you said, it was used in WWI alongside it and is much closer to it than chloramine (in practice, to the layman, not the molecule itself)
Maybe? I'm not sure what the compound is in some brake cleaners that reacts with high heat to form phosgene. I just know it happens. Most people use acetone as a cleaner/degreaser for welding, as it evaporates cleanly and doesn't melt your brain.
And newer Passats need the whole front clip removed to do just about anything.
How does one pronounce that?
So he's a bear?
Blaaaarrrrrggccgcfcxhhhhhgghhh
That was one of the first things my mom told me when I started going a little hippy and bought some.
I know. Bronners peppermint, eucalyptus, and tea tree all burn a bit. You get used to it though.
People laugh, but shit, I'd trade all the bad sex I had in my teens and twenties for a place on the quidditch team and a chance with grown-up Luna.
I know this. They even have the same stamp as the other companies that use the wood. But the company picks the shape and quality of the pressings. There is absolutely a difference between wood from different manufacturers and the companies that buy it. I feel like workshops get a lot of center pressings.
Buncha rumps here. And a tri-tip and Wellington. Few butts. And a few people have shown me their bums. I just like palindromes.
Sex can go on forever for guys too. Many times have I "finished," only to go back down to munch town or whatever for a few, then back to the old giggity goo...
I see you've been to WJ park in Eugene. Source: smoking there right now with hippies and homeless people.
Always. I mean, the ego is the only thing "big" about them.
What do you get when you mix a straight guy and a straight girl? Kids. Badump-tisssss. Yeah, I think it needs some polishing.
Muh rights!
Printers have always amazed me. The resolution possible with little blubs of ink and some janky looking belt and roller mechanism is crazy.
Dude. Try swimming up a rushing river. Ain't gonna happen. Then watch a trout dart up it faster than you could ever swim in still water. Fish are perfectly built for the environment.
The opposite. I specifically said it was a useful emotion.
Anyone who isn't dead, or from another plane of existence would do well to cover their ears right....about..........now.
That's insulting to dicks. Just call him a Putin.
I doubt he cares what we call him.
Off topic, but do you hate Muslims, or are you a hater that is Muslim?
I know a few gay guys that get frustrated by a lack of "manly" men in their dating pool. One of my buddies said almost the same thing as you before moving to a bigger city with more options. "I'm gay. I want to date a *guy*." I'd have hooked some up with each other, but they were all really different people other than that.
Never been to a psych lecture. I do enjoy a good open-mouth-insert-foot-ing, so yes, I do come here in part for that.
Sounds like a bad translation of an opening monologue. I'll allow it.
I have no idea what anyone is saying in this comment chain.
Anxiety and depression are complex illnesses. Yes, you do need to face them to overcome them. No it's not as simple as that in most cases. You say you've seen it first hand? Expound upon that. Many times, depressed people do a great job of pretending to not be depressed. If I had a nickel for every time someone has commented on how happy and carefree I am, I might be able to afford some actual treatment...
Shoopy doop. Shoopy doopy shoopy doop.
There's this thing called "self deprecating humor."
Guy I used to work for said he "built the trailer" another employee built because he roughed out the print and cut the stock for the frame. This was in regards to him berating the employee about "slacking." I just said "yeah, and elves came in the night, laid about 400 welds and ground them smooth." Yeah... I don't work there anymore.
*I like gifts under a nice fir....stockings hung above the fire.... Duh-nuh!* *Yuletide greetings for mankiiind...Cookies, cider and mulled wine.... Duh-nuh...nuh nuh nuh nuuuuhhh!*
That was more like the First Order trying to out do the Empire. I'm just glad Abrams took the hint about lens flare.
I'm sorry...you were saying? I was lost in those eyes and freckles.
I don't agree with you, but she is still a very beautiful woman. The singing helps too.
Yeah, my main problem with it was the lengths it went for "realism." Realistic/near future scifi is a very hard genre to get right. It's hard to suspend disbelief when it attempts to stay somewhat grounded in current reality. That and the whole surfing the edge of a black hole thing.
Dammit dad! I told you never to bother me when I'm taking over the Galaxy! Gramps was sooo much cooler than you!
I think they just taste like the tenderest, tiniest, delicate little chicken wings. Only ever had them at a local Chinese place, but could eat a million of them.
I... Well...... Um..... ...Ow.
Reddit!
I always used cheapo [Dual](https://www.amazon.com/Dual-LU43PW-Indoor-Outdoor-Speakers/dp/B000A5S926)indoor/outdoor speakers. They do the job just fine.
I've seen my 40 y/o BIL throw a micro fit because In N Out had a "no vaping" sign, using the same phrase, so I believe it.
To play not-a-douche here, nobody wants your cloud in their face. I smoke, and I try my best to keep it to my self. I stay downwind from others I don't know, or know don't like it, keep it away from kids. I just ask the same of vapers, and they don't even need to go as far. Yes, it's not as nasty as cig smoke. No, that doesn't make it ok to blast in people's faces.
Yeah, she hid them for about a month. I was just dumb and played along for four years.
And you completely misunderstood his comment. Pot, kettle, black.
Do you drive? Always take tickets to court if you can take the time to do so. If it's not a blatant act of criminal recklessness, you don't have a "history," and you are respectful and remorseful, they are 95% likely to lower the fine or give you a traffic school option. That's, like, Tickets 101.
It's high desert. At ~4000', it gets cold in the winter, but is like inland SoCal in the summer. Beautiful views of the Three Sisters year round, half hour drive to the mountains themselves.
Just gotta start tracing. Got power at the genny? At the box? Breakers tripped? Main breaker at genny tripped?
That's G. OBER!
I'd grab a real meter, for one, but yeah, it's possible for the alternator to fail. Less likely than a bad connection somewhere though. Check for power at the output of the genset itself, preferably pre-breaker if at all possible.
Wear pads if you gotta, and work your way up to things slowly. And work doesn't need to know how you broke your leg....
Hit my dozens of times head and I'm still nothing wrong.
In my experience, some cats hate it, some love it. The ones that hate it will spell it out for you in your own blood.
Dude. Imagine the milk steak that would make! Boiled over hard, of course.
I like swapping stories. I hate bullshit small talk. If my story one ups yours, then tell another that one ups mine. That's how all the good stories come out! I'd rather hear some slightly exaggerated yarn about the time you broke into the school and stole the overhead projectors than listen to you talk about how hot the girls were down by the college today.
Ever pulled the engine? It's not hard.
There are a bunch of wires that go to an old diagnostic plug that is no longer used. Only wires you really need at the engine are: power to coil, wire from condensor to coil, wires to alternator, wire to oil pressure switch.
Like ten feet give or take, depending on carb set up and routing. Gas will pour out when you disconnect from the tank, so i would pinch the line off by the tank outlet, cut it, run new line starting at carb(s), then finish by swapping the pinched off stud with the new line as quickly as possible. Again, you will spill gas. Just be ready and don't freak out, and it'll be fine.
Talk to him and let him know it's ok to cum when he feels it instead of holding back for you sometimes? Or try the ol' reach around to help him out. Better angle of attack than a face to face hand job.
Problem solved :D
/r/truecels is the true creepiest place on reddit.
What?
What?
Scuba diving is a complex balance of weight and buoyancy. His steel balls actually help stabilize him in the water, and reduce the added weight other divers would require in the form of bags and belts.
It is time efficient if you look at the other productive things you are doing with that time and energy.
No time like the present to learn! If you're gonna drive a bus, you gotta be able to talk to it. :) Points are like a little switch in the distributor that trigger the spark for the plugs. They need to be checked, adjusted or replaced every few thousand miles. Get yourself a manual and start studying.
It's 101. Get used to it.
That's a great book to get yourself oriented with. Read that to familiarize yourself with the engine. But get yourself a Bentley manual and use that as your go-to for accurate info.
It's a boob. Get over it. Everyone has seen them before. I doubt anyone wants to see your face while eating, but nobody is asking you to go eat in a toilet.
The best/worst part of it is that she's so convinced that her behavior is acceptable and justified, she uploaded it. Thank you for letting the world know how much you suck.
I'm not a urologist, but this doesn't seem right. I'll just hafta take your word for it.
Organic banana. I only know this because back in ye olden days, before text messaging, we had pager code. 4011 was "you" in pager code, and I noticed all my bananas said "you." Then I noticed all the organic ones had a 9, along with other organic fruit. I'm weird, I know.
redundant
Am older. Not that worried about it unless one is purposefully power sliding and clacking and shouting. People gotta get places.
&gt; these mostly brainwashed globalist cultists. http://i.imgur.com/mXyupD1.gif
My browser literally refused to load it.
What?
10 joints a day.....moderate use......what?
I've been seeing a bunch of "seattle_" named Trump stumpers in the last few days. Weird.
&gt; DNC picked the worst candidate
Had to be done.
Is there a track list? #2 was my fave so far, but haven't had a chance to get through it all yet.
SF Bay at the time, PNW nowadays.
&gt; "No I can't stay up late, I'm too tired." That's one thing you he has always prided himself on, being basically an insomniac (see his 3am tweets). Whether drugs are involved is up for debate.
I don't understand the Trumpsters "Trump is the peace candidate! I'm sick of war in the Middle East! Obama/Hillary/Dems love killing Middle Easterners! He's the only one who can beat ISIS! Kill Muslims!" So which is it?
&gt; Whether drugs are involved ~~is up for~~ **was shown in the** debate. FTFM
No hero. No hero... You're the hero.
I thought I teleported once. I was with a friend, driving from just south of Bend Oregon to Eugene, and we talked about how we both had a craving for Ambrosia salad (like that whip cream and pineapple gloop), specifically from Safeway deli. But there were no Safeways until Eugene, and they'd be closed by the time we got there. Oh well. So I drive on, take the exit towards Eugene and head over the mountains. It's dark, and I was on auto pilot for a bit. Suddenly, I see fireworks going off over a lake on the right (it was right around the 4th of July). Weird, there shouldn't be a lake like that on this road. I've driven this road many times, and never seen this lake. We pass the lake and what do we see? A Safeway. We got in just before closing and got our coveted tub of unicorn puke. Asked what Highway we were on, and figured out we were on the next highway north from where we were supposed to be, about 80 miles out of the way. I knew I had taken the right exit, without a doubt. We half joked about how the gods heard our prayers, and teleported us to the closest Safeway for our prize. Looked into it later, turns out that a little after the exit, there's another sudden turn to stay on the highway to Eugene, and if you stay straight, it is a different highway. I've missed the turn couple times since, even in broad daylight, but just barely, and had to pull over and turn around. I had a lot of weird coincidence type stuff happen when I hung out with that girl, from this easily explainable one, to some downright spooky ones. The universe got real strange when we were both involved in some way.
