every famous pro is in China right now for MarsTV Dota League. wonder if A is there too , I need some BullDong Stream
*Silver Edge FYP
can you explain where I can download it on that page? Seems like im blind , I dont see any download button or smth
I've installed all the updates and Upgrades , running a windows 7 Version with SP1 ! But it seems like I still didn't get an upgrade possibility on my desktop pc meanwhile on my laptop there is already one! What am I doing wrong ?
How Can I download this : KB3035583 manually ? It seems like on the page from microsoft there isnt a download button or am I just blind ? https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/kb/3035583/de ?
Same here :( and you cant download it manually I think
is this Shia LaBoef?
Id swap my desohands everytime with the golden SF arms
wow thanks , Ill remember that for the 1 game in 2000 where I EVENTUALLY could need this
Maybe this could be relevant too : http://www.reddit.com/r/DotA2/comments/167u40/colorblind_friendly_minimap/
is it really that in english or are u trolling ?
Tinker
Why is the Tinker immortal not fixed yet ? -.-
agreed! I mean there is a reason for Valve to implement the "Official Data" thing on your profile! and no it isn't meant for trolling people , its because of People like Envy who uses another random anime character at every tournament ( idolising anime characters and switching from month month , I kind a feel sad about that )
its kind a different if you get full of makeup by makeup artists on ESL One Frankfurt or if you are supposed to play a tournament! when casting he HAS to kind a look "okay -&gt;good" when playing he has to feel good
omg yes please
I find that hard to believe ! its a confirmed leak of memory maybe you are just used to superbad lag ? :D
yes as u/a_hundred_boners said its a confirmed memory leak and I REALLY wanna use both immortals :(
Fear is incredible bro! he hasnt got a REALLY signature hero thats not because he isnt especially good with one , thats only because he is SO super solid with every hero he gets drafted to
I dont get these people! they have serious issues! How do you think RTZ got noticed and now is like one of THE best carrys/mid in the world?? I tell you what , he didnt become that by trolling random heroes in inhouses. He did it by giving his VERY BEST every single time and now he is one of the most respected players out there! ( and yes he started in NA inhouses) I myself am a 6.2 k player and im trying my hardest to get in the FPL , do you think I would even CONSIDER trolling when playing with the likes of Bulldog/fuckingmad/dendi/s4 and so on??? I think there is a reason why the NA FPL and NEL are completely SHIT compared to the EU! Im not saying we on EU are mistakeless but in inhouses everyone gives his best. Don't get me wrong , everyone should take care of themselves and decide what they wanna do but when you go out of your "zone" and changes the game of another player who is giving his best , you deserve nothing but get kicked out of the league. No , I am no PJSalt right now ! It's just sad that you can play with the likes of Fear and rtz and decide to troll instead of giving your best when you are complete garbage tier compared to them. I hope NONE of these people ever make it into pro-scene and im pretty sure they ever wont with an attitude like that
you are absolutely right! thanks mate , always giving my best
I would love to bring EXACTLY this thread up , 1 week after TI when the meta is completely dragged out and there is ONE amazing strat! would be fun to see if opinions have changed or stood the same. Personally for me its so-so. there are way too many bristle / wisp / undying / qop / gyro / pl picks, we basically see all of them in every game either picked or banned.
source 2 and Immortals 3 ! Lol , did you really think we would stop ? you must be new here
how do they matchup so often that he can get fed every game ? wtf
thanks for the fast help !
Can we have his Dotabuff??
Free trip to Feeladelphia
so source 2 can fix it ?
No Kappa no party
what does TIL exactly stand for ? I always think of like "achievement of the day" or smth
I dont know how this game works but im on lvl 1200 and everything dies before I really click anything :D
oh damn , hoped you would say watching replays together / or as 5
I tell you who wins that , the best earth spirit without ANY doubt. For me it would take very long to get back at 6k with my heropool Storm,Tinker,SF,Wr,TA! I think with these heroes its kind of easy to get like 5,5 but higher not that easy because good ppl try to counter you. But if you are a good es on offlane. you will be owning every single game
If we get a little more discout than the standard 25% im absolutely buying this :)
a little offtopic , but how is your twitch so dark ? looks fantastic
Kreygasm! best thing happened to me today
he will be the Goku of the Dota2 world , so basically dendi!
Anyone played the masterplan so far? is it worth 15€ ?
there are 2 heroes who are super good against him BS and nyx! nevertheless a more general way of beating him up is Blademail! (for example clockwerk )
I just opened a thead myself! i am MASSIVELY disappointed, fucking wooooooooooorst E3 of all time! absolutely nothing
I'd say 90% of early access are wasted! there game like prison architect and project zomboid or how minecraft was! which can and will work , but so many devs are just abusing this , throwing out a half finished game , only to get paid DLCs and so on... sad to see that steam/Valve allows that
Yes we all know! We hope for a quick fix :(
Didn't they even say that project NX will be talked about on next E3? So im pretty sure that they will do exactly that ( dropping it like a hot potato)
arcana detected
is it possible for me to take my dota2 from //C and just put it on //E or smth ? my SSD is full :D
How can this be upvoted that much?? So many misconceptions in 2 - 3 sentences
Same for me man! I though on the WiiU we had the Possibilites of a REAL and GOOD Pokemon Open world thingy in 3d graphics and shit:( SO disappointed
Why is that ? I actually liked that:(
I really dislike the change! I always want to keep my steam profile hidden cause im scared of any scammers and so on. hope it's just a bug
anyone knows whats in that patch ?
any analaysis on that?
Need infos on that one! gogo analyze it someone *cheers*
where? how ?
no we aren't neighbours , like 300km between us!" but we never had any issues in HearthStone or Dota2 :/ only in SpeedRunners we keep DCing
oh wow , thanks a lot! I didnt knew that
so basically we HAVE to download it right? :O
most of them sound german! are they immensely good at making film music or do the others just suck ?
I dont understand the question! who doesnt want to play a 64 alike mario ? its one of the best games ever
Brothers - A tale of two sons! but be ready for a free trip to Feeladelphia
Can I still preorder them here somewhere?? my girl is a HUGE fan of yoshi and Id love to give it to her as a present!
im living in Germany,Europe! any info about us?
I love your casting Cap , but the hero isn't called Andy-Mage nor is he called annie-mage! hope you can fix that until TI :D
I have always wished for MORE hp! around 35-40
Thats what we all hoped but no... I dont get it , there are billion spells, spells stolen , spells reflected now even by lotus orb but 5 different auras = visual clutter ! I dont understand it
+1 for Visibility! I always loved that game
&gt; Fixed various bugs with non-QWERTY keyboard layouts It still doesnt work for me properly! Im using QWERTZ , and when I press"^" the console is opened up AND can be closed! but my Console is bind to F3 ! "^" is purchase QuickBuy for me .
It still starts 32bit version while having 64Bit win7
I dont care where my console is, I just want ^ to be free for Purchase Quickbuy , Ive been using that since forever
Who votes TONY ? COME ON BOYS
can you elaborate what do you mean with DX11? where should I add it ? ( nooby here )
so I have to rename the Dota2.exe or what ? ( sorry for dumb questions :( )
also "^" is still autobind to Console , EVENTHO I have my console on F3! This means I cant bind anything to "^" and thats where my Quickbuy is normally! QWERTZ keyboard
why is it faster than normal games?? tring to build a smurf right now
For how long do you play DotA/Dota2 now?
how to activate that ?
OH MY ! THE FUN BEGINS
guys I think im using my own config and I want to know WHY I cant change settings IN Dota which will then be saved in my config file? not only in Reborn also in Dota2 source 1! for example I have to click EVERYTIME when starting Dota2 on "Teleport Requires Stop" , any help ? suggestion?
I thought it was just me! Like we are all 4 at 100% health and ONE guys get attacked by 2 creeps and is at95% = BloodSeeker ms now 550
this still seems not to work! just look at radiant mid for example
how to do that ? I have 2 options , one is "hide" and the others thing means like "copyrighted" so it doesnt change ( because I use own colors teal and yellow instead of green and red and when I leave that unchecked it always switched to red green )
no LD?
yep Zeus will win and then its gonna be like "Zeus the guardian of the Skies" and Pitlord the Lord of the Hells and they fight each other in some kind of minigame and thats then the arcana + new hero
totally true! It will be like "Zeus the Emperor of the Heavens Vs. Pitlord the Lord of the Hells " and then we will figth each other within a minigame and the winner gets items... fucking rigged Valve , same as our "democraty" here
TI boost is not finished yet! Im still expecting another chest soooo we'll see
100% these 2 Morphling after TI2 and Tinker on 6.82iirc
Is this key purchaseable ?
7k NA? about 2.4k EU
and if that doesnt work, there is always roaming mirana
So to start with FIRST of all SEA doent deserve 2 qualifier spots! Secondly SEA doesnt deserve to be an own "region", we in Europe have 20 good CIS teams and 15 good EU teams and we dont have CIS qualifiers and EU West qualifiers! Third of all SEA should count as Asia means Chinese qualifiers. Fourth and last (only because I dont wanna talk about this shit area (Only Dota-wise, no racism or some shit)) SEA teams always are the underdogs and always are disappointing on NEARLY every event, before they should get 2 qualifier spots, they need to proof that they can handle the t3 teams in Europe/china...this is one of the biggest Flaws that Valve has ( and using FACEit as a platform for qualifiers instead of ESL or some other party) since years. SEA just gets out too good every year..
I dont know why you are raging so much! back in the day it was normal to get ONE item instead of a set and they were always common / uncommon! literally MYTHICALS were worth smth... nowadays every fucking item is at least a mythical even if it looks like 1 level under common
oh my! thanks a lot&lt;3
remember tinker? who was like good for the Summit2? and ESL one frankfurt 14, literally like 2 months span??? BAM NERFBAT OF DOOM AND DARKNESS FROM THE ABYSSAL HELLS WHERE LION HAS BEN 3 TIMES. remember morphling AM battles on TI2 ? and Morph is gone since then ( he was like back for 2 weeks where his stun was OP ) but since then... GONE and he is gone since then...
I wouldnt wait a single second and report him, if I was on the team!
im pretty sure liquid would roll over every NA within 20 mins! compare sneykings am game to matumbamans am game! and you know who is a 6k "pro" and who is a REAL pro who knows how to lasthit
so you're literally saying even YOU think that Liquid is by far the best team coming from the qualifiers!
of course they wont do well on the Major! its a Sea team! 12-16 that is!
talking about 4500mmr mason? of course hes fucking awful
Ive also started at around 4800 after calibration back in the days! And I can tell you that there is literally no difference from 5,5-6.5k but to get better than 4k to break like 5.4-5,5k mmr it takes a LOT! you have to know every role, you cant have tunnel vision ever, literally one eye should be hugging the minimap while the other one is doing creep equilibrium! also play aggressive as often as you can try to zone with your hero, even if its just body language! there are so many more points to go through but to sum it up, if you think you are mechanically better than 4.5-5k ppl then the only thing that will unleash you is right decisions ( that includes when to splitpush/what itembuild to go/ what skillbuild to go / where do I have to ward/ who is ganking me / who is DANGEROUS when ganking and who is not / Can I escape ? / Can I even turn and kill ! those questions have to run through your mind like all the time and believe me soon enough you will be one of us :)
still was good enough to reck EE!
that so dumb! I mean if u know you use CHEATS wouldnt you use them purely defensive for example dodging ganks on lane so no one gets suspicous!? this is like so retarded and he will get steam reported multiple times now and account is gone
probably saving it to be extremely rare in a special chest of the compendium! for example the WD frog was created more than a year ago and was just added a month back
yes we are probably worse than him(also 6k here), yes he was a pro back in 2013, yes hes still a good player! but when you have to play and when you can just obs are 2 WHOLE different things and you see stuff from another perspective because youre not under pressure, so its more likely to notice flaws/mistakes but man are those mods and followers fucking biased! like literally Puppey Artoozy(yes artoozy) and Miracle could say, hey mate that was bad and theyd flame the shit out of you, instant lifetimeban, circlejerk at its finest.
my game coordinator is down since the patch! restarted Dota/Steam/ my PC/ even the router! HOW DO I FIX IT ? because it doesnt seem to be down for everyone else
LOOK EE in the eyes while saying that! He HAS to use Secret.EternalEnVy or however the fuck he wants it but THOSE letters only
and live games! so they see your pings / drawings on the map like casters can do
I think he has other issues than DOta2!
too long didnt read
yours is white and backlit! where did you get it from ? would buy instantly
I think a rubick arcana is literally impossible! I Mean you MUST change literally every spell he steals.. a green chrono, green firefly, green defeaning blast, green gush, green green green meaning smth like this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HJy2XLRfdkc
oh WHAT ? ArtStyle is a bad captain and a bad player?? No way that cant be true, how we should have guessed???? oh wait... yes I forgot its the 37th time NaVi is "trying" him as a captain and it always worked out super great....
dude there is like so much more to it than just those points... a lot of lower skilled ppl dont have ANY real idea behind the game, all they know is okay when we kill towers and rax we win and meanwhile some kills are happening left and right! that is the view of a 4k guy... Im pretty sure a lot of 4k players have the mechanical skills to be good but they are so far behind in terms of strategy and understanding what is actually happening in the game and whats not
hey CSGO community, message me when on of your players is in top60! nice "e-sports" you have right there
so only because it attacks the fastest and has +1 stat? or is the passive in any way useful ?
id also be willing to play SpaNkinG#2720 thorns crusader (did GRift69solo)
i have played nothing but Invoker Crusader this season! after 42 hours of gametime I Have akkahan / Roland 6piece ancient! and Light set 4/6 ancient set parts! I still dont have dropped a single piece of invoker ancient!
Dude Rolands Crusader mastery is like literally impossible
hmm maybe also relevant for ppl who wanna do the "Sprinter" conquest!
paragon lvl over CoE proc is so annoying tho
not UI but actually make Followers SOMEWHAT useful regarding damage ?
yea because Eul's is not good enough already! maybe like give it truesight aswel
Global items for Followers, so we dont have to switch around all the time pls...
Im playing every season and Im always playing a lot! ( I mean in this 1week 2 days I played about 90+hours! ) and I have NEVER seen a bandit shrine
thats just BS! no one gives a fuck about mineksi or Newbee! group B is like 20 times harder than A, Team Spirit (hardest major qualifier runner-up, EG TI5 Champion, OG Major Frankfurt Champion, VG prolly always the best chinese team and some other random RPG player on Newbee. Meanwhile group a Consists of the worst team secret in the history of team secret random SEAteam( be honest noone gives a fuck), half EU pubstomping NA team, LGD who are actually pretty good and EHome who lives of LanM
no OG did good after the major, they even won LANs after the major, and got 2nd place aswel in other lans! Secret did nothing but fail since major
Just add maybe more points to the paragon system so you cant add everything to mainstat!! for example pickup-radius, x xp per monster kill, bleeding dmg, reduce dmg from melee/ranged!
u know that shift queing qop ulti makes her ult come slower because you do the full blink and scream animation! cheer up
im so jealous of all the rerolls you can do to get your ancient shit together
Im not sure why everyone is complaining so much about SWM??? I mean have you not seen the Rainbowdance magician!?!?! rubick is like a fucking discoball now
there is a set dungeon for monk where you have to EP 21 enemies at once ( 3 times) I wanted to ask if this dungeon is ONLY possible with the Fist weapon that applies palm on like evberybody or is it doable without it?
Not sure if shitpost or not
Why does she even handle that?? Afaik she isnt the manager of A anymore and they already have a new "guy" ! Can someone explain? e: Why Do I get downvoted for asking a normal question ??
I think he means the CDEC MMR ( Like FPL rating )
I was wondering why the Firebird Set dungoen doesnt work... well it seems u cant hit too hard! you need aorund 600k sheet DPS so it coutns as burning
And also deck slots
just google diablo 3 paragon calculator! there you can calculate your paragon from nonseason and from season, no registration or anything needed just two number
Feels good to be back :')
Since the previous patch I've got a 1 or 1.5 sec delay when pressing the options wheel! anyone else ?
answer2: I see what you mean and yes it helped! the freezes are gone in lobby games, hopefully they are gone in matchmaking aswel, any Ideas about the chat wheel option ? get the same kind of lag/freeze when press it everytime
I like that shit but THE sound when it goes in and out of the picture is alittle too long or annoying idk
envy lost them the first bo 3 completely on his own and he lost that game completely on his own! and now go downvote me fucking anime weabos
why the fuck would you play 9series in 3 months when changing 2 players?? "oh no we so gucci, we allstar team , we dont need practise - lets watchs ome fucking japanese comic shit all day that will make us better for sure " if they didnt win shanghai, i wouldnt have invited them... because you cant just win a fucking tournament and not play anything else until the next one... but im happy they deserve this shit they goiung through EE throws more games any other player on this planet.
top8 ? if they now face a t3 or higher team in the lower bracket (bo1) so basically everyone except mineski Secret will be place 16th
by winning 1 more bo3 in the upperbracket its more than likely that they get invited to TI! (TI will have 8 invited teams again instead of 12 like on this major)
please valve! dont do this to us
funny how you talk about huge cash prizes and name csgo and lol you should google esports player earnings and there you can see which game provides for the most people (not including streams here) just pure prize money from tournaments
just for clarification bro: http://www.esportsearnings.com/players funny how I get downvoted for telling the truth rofl! I know it was not your intention I just wanted to give props to Dota2 for making about everything right
I miss the good old "WHO will be victorious" FeelsBadMan
gonna tell you the harsh truth now! arteezy is a better pos1 than ee and everyone knows it except ee but no one can tell him because hes a fucking anime weabo and would cut his veins off or some shit! thats why aereety is forced to go mid but everyone on secrethas in mind that ee sucks and wishes artour would play safelane
Morphling after TI2 and Tinker after 1-2 random tourneys were Excalibur rekt some teams with him.
&gt; This looks straight out of N64 Rare days so much this! I have missed those games so much.
Epicenter was ALWAYS on time and run nearly flawless throught the whole tournament
Like I literally dont care if this is an saudi sheikh or some russian oligarch OR a product is sponsoring a club! ManCity/Chelsea/Paris/Leipzig are all the same to me ( yes it sounds harsh but thats my opinion) they are literally just pumping money into the club they dont have to "carry" themselves they can just buy buy buy players and offer ridiculous salaries. im really happy for leipzig and im looking forward to a hopefully good contendor in the Bundesliga
I still can't comprehend what just happened and HOW we could even get close to summarize what MVP just did! ABSOLUTELY stunning performance, this gotta one of the top5 games in Dota2 history. Im out of words
oh my god those were the best days! this was THE MOST fun I had watching a stream, it was smth new,it had pro players, some casters, some random guys like SuJoy, some grills, Nelson the escapist, memes, kuros talkshow on how to live and so on... this post just gave me goosebumps thanks morphling
Wow I really like this orangey background! hope this can be permanent somehow
why do they have boxes like that? Why didnt we have those in Frankfurt(major) :&lt; volvo pls
at least loda is consistent! you literally could make bets on him when he starts to choke! (pls dont forget the slardar stun on invoker illusions(the only ones that reveal themselves that theyre not real because no floating balls))
there was never a NA "scene" it was basically EG the past 2 years. the first good iteration of DC consists of 4 EU players (where I still think that Moo is the weakest link ) and coL is just a pretty average team that can be really happy if they make it to 9-12th places. (I just dont rate players like Chessie and swindle high )
I dont think you know how asian parents are! (maybe excluding Korea)
Do you have other paintings,comics too? I really liked that one.
Secret just got a little worse, didnt know that was somehow possible
doesnt matter a single fuck. before Manila that was the LAST period you could swap around players. they arent allowed to be invited to the "invite qualifier" aswell. they have to go through the open bracket which is bo1 until quarterfinals
think that was the problem too! EE is a hectic fucking nonstop talking mess while making a million mistakes himself! Im actually not sure how anyone can handle that
you lose probably the best offlaner of the past year and gain a tier3 offlaner and you say its best for both teams:D
I dont know. I always thought of Koreans parents being open to SC2 professionals because the western world tells me that being a progamer in Korea is like being a football player in Europe
Water is wet
what else is in those boxes can a buyer of those post that stuff in here ? ;D
as charlie on the panel said I quote " if there is something that Universe hates, its to being micro managed" do you know who is the incarnation of micro managin people ? yes its EE. for example I dont think god and playmaker universe just lost all his skills within 2-3 weeks in Secret its just he needs his calm atmosphere and no one to talk him how he has to play his game.
so? It doesnt matter when you perform mediocre/good on 1-2 games. I can literally just say look at wiiha how he carried them through the groupstages with his invokers and windrunners or the same about yapz/misery... you have to be consistent. I could also say that I think that Moo is the reason they went into Lb at all. you cant just take 1-2 and say hey look at him. I ve been watching and following dc a lot and he just isnt on the same lvl as the other 4 players. (not saying he is bad just the worst of the 5) WAY above me would be Miracle MMR-wise soooo.....
its just my opinion. i didnt say anywhere that it is a fact or smth and I think im allowed to have my opinion ??? Where did I state that Im better than Miracle. you said im either way above or below you, the amount of players that are WAY above me are maybe 30 people on this planet ( just mmr-wise), and I dont recognize your name on any leaderboard so I assumed you're lower but thats perfectly fine everybody can has his own opinion.
so ? he said WAY above/below i dont consider 6000 way below or 6800way above me!
ehhh is that green dildo a tiderhunter ravage "tentacle"?
So there wont be any of those in the online store ? :&lt;
I thought the chest comes with the game Warhammer? all my friends are already playing it ? did I miss a chest or will it be released seperately?
Well is there someone who doesnt agree on that ?
Is there any other way to get those caps ? ( I mean other than being there, I REALLY would love to get one )
buy a name tag and name it after him! you shall NEVER again use another courier :(( sorry for your loss bro I know how that feels
just checked the replay and ES had hood activated and disruptor got 98 dmg per tick , tinker got 113 dmg per tick and es 91 dmg per tick ... im doing 1 more CM game after that im done with that quest
is there a full version of this ?
For someone who was in the crowd at Frankfurt Major and ESL One Frankfurt, I didnt feel like the Major was just another ESL One, the crowd was SUPER hyped, the games were exciting as hell and the Venue was great too. Maybe the hype didnt jump on stream as it did on the major itself! I was with a friend there ( and weve been to a lot Dota2 tournaments ) and it felt completely different - a little TI'ish I would say. I really hope Frankfurt gets another Major next season.
now we want SirActionsSlacks Legacy chest which contains a set for the Finalwinners heroes of the last game :p
upvoted for visibility!
Their team is shit, their coach is shit, their playstyle/strategy is more than awful... well you wont go that far with that kind of team! If it wouldnt be the refs they wont be even in the playoffs 2014 so its karma I guess
history repeats! in the Frankfurt Major Puppey also firstpicked slardar 4 times, OG won 3-1 again
thats why I dont watch any video on twitter
Oh boy flughtless dod was the only "extremely" rare item Ive got ever ! and it isnt unusual FeelsBadMan to your post I think yes! Maybe Valve adds a way to make a courier unusual so you only have to buy your fav color and effect
FNG or did Noone play for him?
someone who doesnt even consider schmelzer after his best season of his career is not someone who'd I think of any good
And I miss the old artour big shadowfiend artour set on his goals artour BibleThump
Well EU is by far the hardest Server. also has by far the most 7k+ players
ehmm no its not. most 7k players just check the fucking leadrboards EU leaderboard starts AT 6800mmr while NA starts with6100 and the other 2 region start with 6300. The amount of better players is just a lot bigger than in any other region. IN na you q into IXMIKE ROFL and all the other t5 NA teams meanwhile in EU you literally play vs mindcontrol, fata,miracle, all the russian guys from VP/empire and so on..
Also because you're dumb. Its not false.
Why on earth would you want to have DeMoN in your team? what the fuck is wrong with these TnC guys?
your brain seems inflated
&gt; Created a Valve-only misc slot for Tinker's Immortal Boots so that these can be equipped along with back slot items Thank you Valve
set on his goals Artour
Well I wish, but our OldLady of a coach who has clearly not watched football for the past 10years wont sub him.
Thats what losers would say! " I have nothing to prove " sure because you "made it" right? you're sitting on barcas bench because of Beko and Turkish airlines wanted to have a adv shield over there in spain. That is the reason you are at barcelona.
and the 2 wildcards will go to Eu and china anyway!
Where did he say that? Im waiting for all my free pts :&lt;
