usually pick up what i can after the headliner &amp; on my way out. sometimes you find something good for your efforts.
yeah people were trying to crack the code a while back to no avail
i'm waiting till the official release. no disrespect meant for those listening now, but for me it's like getting a fake id. gonna celebrate friday like it's my 21st.
we did this last year. just make sure you're together when you roll through security check.
it got taken down. maybe someone at /r/bassnectar ripped the files.
only friday's general sale is local time
big g &amp; nectar 2 years in a row?
the nh code is for the venue's presale which is tomorrow.
PL TICKETS ACQUIRED
that's pretty good given the lineup
this will be my first pretty lights show. my absolute favorite, i am ecstatic right now. live free or die.
definitely. second time seeing atmosphere &amp; tipper. first tipper show was pretty special (https://www.reddit.com/r/prettylights/comments/4kqiwd/pls_dropping_tour_announcements_on_twitter/d3hohf9)
any chance we could get a tracklist without downloading anything?
👋
gopher! (for fans of aesop rock)
and i'll probably end up missing that "interactive listening party" since i'll be at aesop rock that night fffffffffffffffffffuuuuuuuuu (unless it's at like 1130)
did they play bonfire like always?
enjoy the granite state. i'm not a resident (from mass), but i've spent a lot of time there. definitely stock up on booze while you're there, it's dirt cheap (bring some home). some of your questions are answered here: https://www.banknhpavilion.com/?page=policies idk about glass, but i looked at photos from the venue and didn't see any...might be better off playing it safe: https://www.facebook.com/BankNHPavilion/photos
i'd kill for purity ring. bassnectar playing flood on the floor last year ruled.
i'll assume this is only for the summer. need the full toby (hair and all) for the start of next season.
why not both?
stare at my calendar counting down the days till i'm in michigan
if only
i hope to find someone doing the robot at forest. the worse the better.
i guess i should've said someone ELSE. i plan to get funky for 4 days straight.
i don't disagree with most of what you said, but telling him to suck it up is hardly constructive.
we agree on the general message which is what counts.
i only left off the all good folks since op called them out. wanted to spread the love. yep, lnr will be at forest. one of my favorite discoveries from the lineup.
this sub - and wanting to be part of it - is 100% why i joined reddit. can't wait for forest!!!
can't wait to listen to this. saw him a couple weeks ago and it was crazy.
if we ever share a supreme pie i will give you my mushrooms. then we'll both be happy.
late night radio &amp; daily bread have been getting a lot of love on this sub, and rightfully so, so here are my *other* top 5 undercards not to miss skratch bastid shooka eprom russ liquid bass physics
i don't have an answer to either question, just wanted to say welcome!
someone in my crew went to tulane so that kinda counts for nola.
last year single day tickets were available after the headliners were split up. i remember buying a ticket for saturday only knowing bassnectar would be playing that day.
spotify as well. great friday treat.
no disrespect to your post, because i completely get the idea of fomo, but forest is the one time of the year where i am not constantly checking the internet. i let the forest guide my journey.
fomo = fear of missing out totally get the schedule thing, i use hard copies to keep track of who's where/when &amp; word of mouth for the "hyped sets" (obviously that's ahead of time &amp; you're talking about in the moment)
never really listened to tipper until i saw him in the fall. now he's one of my absolute favorites &amp; i'm super pumped to see him again with pl in august. highly, highly recommend catching him if you can.
i'll be at the nh show as well, can't wait!
came in to say shambhala
good find
it was a mistake to leave him home. probably the biggest snub after kessel.
an admiral ackbar-themed trap music totem would get a real chuckle from me
i'll probably check out floss pending conflicts
a question on this: would "resident dj" status mean bassnectar's a staple of the lineup or would it result in special sets, longer than other headliners?
carry the spirit of the forest with you into the real world
and the people
saturday around 4:30 there is a trolley that leaves the bar Doyle's and does a sightseeing tour around boston. unlike all the other tours you can drink on this one, they even stop for booze at the beginning. Doyle's is where they take you at the end of the Sam Adams brewery tour so you could do that first.
doomtree, houndmouth, earphunk, dumstaphunk and evanoff
a fully staffed puppy petting station would be awesome if it was more doable
sorry to hear but forest is medicine for the soul
this past thursday
i'll go one better than "this week." guessing tuesday, wednesday or thursday.
nah man, 21 jump street is based on real life events from forest
i'll share my own experience. last year i was in a real funk around this time. the demands of my job consumed my life and just had me constantly feeling blue. i hadn't taken a day off for 2 years other than for a doctor's appointment. aside from having the best four days ever i found a lot of comfort in being able to shut out the real world. it allowed me to not only recharge my batteries but refocus priorities on what actually mattered in life. i am in a much better place a year later. as far as assumptions go, expect nothing. don't worry about meeting the expectations you've set weeks before you go. enjoy every moment of forest and try to take some of that with you. and ps - i hope you have a wonderful forest and it's beyond what you could hope for.
printed one out and stashed it in the ol' fanny pack - still have it. i'll do the same this year, but i'll also make a few back up copies.
this might be too long, but it's my favorite. i even wrote it up on the whiteboard in my office as a reminder. idk where it originated but here's a copy of it: http://www.southbayriders.com/forums/threads/126551/
works for me. i also like "pay attention to the things that are critical to your happiness."
hmm. i'd be okay with missing adventure club for porter.
last year was my first year so i'll just break it down by day: day 1: shpongle, odesza, flume day 2: minnesota, lettuce day 3: sci, slow magic day 4: snbrn
s'all good
nah man you're thinking of floss
how so?
cheese into sts9 would be awesome
(((just playing off floss' song crowd ctrl)))
2015 had kaskade and flume on night 1
me
whoa first concert, enjoy!
sh'ea boiiiiiiii this is gonna be a hot one right here
same!
i have the same concerns but once the grooves hit you may catch a 3rd wind
was this a reaction to what i posted? or just the overall thread?
the only thing i can think of to consider is if that person calls and says that wristband was lost
guessing tomorrow for no reason in particular
LLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIINNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
skrillary was one of my favorites from last year
kazoo it up instead. you can do anything with a kazoo.
moonrise how you feeeeeeeeeeeeeelin /starts an earthquake with that sugar cube drop
feel ya. i was practically in sherwood.
i think they're bigger than forest stage although maybe not in this crowd
you best come correct linda
that'd be me too if i wasn't too busy boogin'
DIVIDE THE SOUL, MORE LIKE
saw tipper in the fall and this was part of the visuals android jones put together for the set
this made me question the android attribution and upon further review the visuals for that show were done by jonathan singer
i'm not camping with reddit, but if i was in your situation i'd definitely go that route. you definitely have the freedom to do whatever as others have said + you may find yourself in need of the help of others (supplies, an extra hand, etc.).
sorry for the confusion - saw tipper in boston, not at t&amp;f
i feel this. i've used the same iphone headphones for 4.5 years. they're starting to cut out so i'm staring down the inevitable right now.
https://www.reddit.com/r/ElectricForest/comments/4mgbbh/i_swear_to_god_linda/
highlight from his moonrise set last year mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm droppppppppppppppppp
to answer your follow up question - yes i do listen to night bass. saturday cheese is special.
bassnectar - unlimited preview
sinclair is my favorite venue in boston (even though it's cambridge)
umass boston isn't a competitor school. and neither is the flagship, umass amherst. as far as how bc stacks up, it depends on what we're discussing specifically. best/worst students? quality of specific education programs? job placement? athletics/campus life? also, for everyone in this thread it's nu, not neu or ne.
overwhelming but just remember there's no right or wrong way to forest. go with the flow.
at this point i am starting to question if you really are a sponge
imho a better way of dropping hints would be to list the schedule and replace the artists with anagrams
some people may have to choose a late arrival or early exit. these would probably be an extreme minority but i'm sure there are a few.
didn't their lineup come out a week or so ago?
we did this last year &amp; it was awesome. shots were candid af with no do-overs. plus getting them developed and reminiscing is like a second christmas.
would've really liked to see yheti &amp; support a local fest but i just don't have the bandwidth unfortunately. keeping an eye out for next year for sure.
obviously kane scores
makes sense but so does waiting till bonaroo ends
because there are a limited amount of opportunities for hype outside of the festival dates - and hype is not just about selling tickets. forest is run by a promotional company after all.
has big griz happened before? i know grizmatik &amp; big grizmatik have, but just big g + griz? (i'm not counting their collabs eg power, good times roll, etc. but maybe you are)
linda = lies, incorrect &amp; no dang additions STAY WOKE
specific programs, sure. school overall, no. that's not a dig at umass whatsoever, it's an acknowledgement that they offer different things to students.
some artists keep prices low to ensure more people are able to afford the show. dunno if flume is one of them.
we all have our gripes about the t but it's the only way i get around (besides walking).
https://www.reddit.com/r/ElectricForest/comments/4nbpd2/women_game_changers_in_creativity_panel/
thanks just added her
ALL BETS ARE OFF
all good jam location/time is set, i don't think they'll announce who'll take part ahead of time
flairing is caring my dude
not listed on the roster on their website. saw opiuo a few weeks ago and it was so dope so if he got added i would be so happy.
i hope they just drop it at 3 am so people get to wake up to it
did the public intoxication happen at the campgrounds or outside and they're just attributing it to bonaroo?
more important than michael jordan, a million tomorrows, hot like sauce
it's a very balanced lineup. i'm gonna have acts i want to see from start to finish every day.
freddy todd will be added. others, who knows?
carry some tylenol, advil, ibuprofen - whatever you use. i can't tell you how many times i broke out a bottle for someone in my crew and had people swarm me for that last year. i was more than happy to help but i went through a whole bottle in two days with the hand outs.
not releasing the schedule until we're a week out is hq's response to all of the "about two weeks before the festival" responses
dank...ass...memes bruh
i think what you're looking for is the entire area around the stage. if this set doesn't make you feel you might not be human.
maybe they changed up the plan for it? you're probably right though but sesh thing sounds a lot better imho
give yourself plenty of time to make the flight
smart...enjoy
they don't pass out schedules but it would be fun if they did follow your plan (and stressful for some)
CCCCCCAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRLLLLLLLLLLLLL
we're like 8 months ahead of schedule then
is there anything more on this other than that snippet
some magazines put out stories online prior to the print issue publishing at the very least i'd like to see the context before i pass judgement on this. i don't even know if it's a full quote or just a "scintillating tease."
i posted the link here for all with an assist from /u/ssswerve
i love kanye like kanye loves kanye
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zE7PKRjrid4 (yeah i know it's backwards)
works for me
of course the schedule is coming, but when is the $1m question
yoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
am both.
we were all new at one point my dude
i want one to commemorate the fest of /u/i_am_linda
everything
THE LIMIT DOES NOT EXIST
daily bread - a cloudy day
no worries just hope you weren't too hyped for flume or skrillex
*running
this takes me back to my friend's basement
sheets for the campsite?
didn't see skrillex with cheese but i love the idea of a non traditional pairing. forest is where jam &amp; electronic collide after all.
NAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA SSSSENNNYAAAAAAAAAAA
totally rad...happy forest!!!
in fairness to linda she only said "soon" so it's up to interpretation what that means
linda is the ultimate hypeman
referring to this: https://www.reddit.com/r/ElectricForest/comments/4nhrpz/i_have_something_to_say/d43zel8
could just be the standard "use the first day of the fest as the stand in date," although he probably needs a day for travel/set up for gorge too... i see logical arguments for thurs &amp; sat so i guess i'm in the same boat as /u/dtrain405 - wait for the schedule drop
interesting. where'd you see that?
yep, here's a list of what's known thus far: https://www.reddit.com/r/ElectricForest/comments/4nbygv/compiled_schedule/d42k5p0
watched the floozies stream. that encore was so dope.
maybe 2sday
well happy birthday jerk face head
nice teeth - interesting descriptor
it would be a dramatically different approach compared to past fests. for starters, they don't even give out hard copies.
same
RELEASE THE KRAKEN
porter &amp; nectar are my top 2. they're above everyone else on the schedule so having to choose between them (especially with the speculated scheduling) would be awful.
you could ask for some extra space but you won't be able to reserve a spot
i buy into forest not wanting to "share" the hype with another fest.
it's like experiencing that thursday line all over again
6 pm est &amp; i think that's probably optimistic
guess not still hyped tho
it's perfect. that's what my coworkers think i'm doing
best of luck with this thread
this would've been so much better if it wasn't spoiled by the thumbnail
use carpe diem instead then
some artists, like tchami and eoto, were missing from the lineup in the app when it updated yesterday. they are showing up now. all is right.
also check out the remix album! the odesza and slumberjack tracks are my favorites.
only planning on going friday due to nectar but i'm really happy with the rest of that day's lineup. pretty much everyone that i wanted to see except goldfish. sucks that i'll most likely have to miss datsik but it should be a great time start to finish.
no you're absolutely right. and if i had the option to go back and unlisten to the album i would do that - i've avoided videos of worlds for this very reason.
quite a few acts i like but i would prefer to see them at a club where it's more intimate
H Y P E
could be one of the "create a schedule" contest entrants
it also has tba listed in the all good event spots
real talk if he did an electric glen workshop that place would be packed af
ENOUGH OF THIS "LOGIC"
wish it was using the bacon test. i would happily take that test.
traditional bbq &amp; sriracha mixed has become my new go-to
near the top of my to-see list
screw bassnectar, see ya there
check the megathread. should be sticky-ed.
say hi to neighbors, ask who they're excited to see
make sure you get proper accommodations. your injury will bring good fortune for friends. +1 on the marker thing, although you gotta wear that when you get back so...
steer clear, tuna. head for open waters.
no thank you. it's gonna be super hot &amp; i'd rather stay hydrated.
$90 after fees
jauz would be awesome since he's playing boston next week while i'm at forest
tried out downbeats for the first time last night and loved them. highly recommend.
they're friday (but maybe that's your opening night)
do it before. yes it's more money (and maybe that's a more significant factor for you) but you won't have to think about it while you're at forest so you can enjoy it fully. plus, if you're in rough shape when you get back you run the risk of doing poorly on it.
4. 3/330 is when they get serious about kicking people out.
