Can this become a teen comedy? The kid is a loser/terrible football player and gets magical Gronk powers from the cleats. The kid destroy people on the football field, and becomes a lady's man/party animal. Right before he is going to play in the State championship game, he forgets his cleats on the bus. The kid is nervous that he won't help his team without his magical powers. Gronk comes to the State championship as a "Celebrity ref". Our kid blurts out to Gronk that he lost the magical cleats. Gronk tells him that the cleats were normal cleats, and the magic was inside of him. He just had to believe in himself. Our youngster grabs 8 catches for 127 yards and 2 TDs. The 2nd TD comes with no time left on the clock as part of game winning drive. Either that, or due to a technicality Gronk is allowed to suit up for the high school because he is "considered a student" due to the cleat donation. Gronk has 14 grabs for 435 yards and 5 TDs. The credits involve Gronk doing an actual keg stand that lasts for 4 minutes and 40 seconds on top of the team's bus as it drives away. Gronk does all of his own stunts, so he will be chugging actual beer throughout.
I spend 99.99457% of my year not in the ocean
That's the kind of hit where you forget where you are and what you are doing for a couple of minutes.
Wilfork used to be in the running http://www.bigy.com/OurStores/FoodService/InVinceIble/assets/VinceWsandwich.jpg
I saw a Maryland local access sketch comedy show (may have been University of Maryland) called "The Big Show" over a decade ago. Does it exist anywhere on the internet?
There is just exposed penis everywhere in CA. They just don't show it in the travel commercials with the celebrities.
Sometimes the smaller packages are cheaper when on sale. Frank's Red hot sauce was cheaper per ounce when buying two smaller bottles (same amount) as one big bottle. Check the unit price and make sure you are comparing apples to apples. $/oz, $/lb, $/100ct etc.
Yeah, $20 for TNT, TBS, ESPN, ESPN2, AMC, Food Network, HGTV etc
I love Brady and want to see him keep up the success on the field. I would like to see him retire before he has a final season like Favre's final year.
When we went for our mortgage, not doing anything major to our credit was recommended. Definitely best to avoid increasing the credit card to avoid headaches.
Manager: "What the hell John?!? You just shattered Gordon's face!!!" John: "ROADHOUSE!!!!!!!" Manager: "Haha, you're right. Old Gordo had it coming. Nice work!"
"Thank you, come again!"
Didn't he hurt his shoulder on that play? I think we had a decent lead at that point. I remember yelling "Dammit Brandon!!!!" in my living room.
Home brewing beer. I have read things online, but need some basic beginners guides/instructional videos.
Can't find them in MA either
That pop at the end
Credit cards also have reward programs. My credit card has a cash back rewards program that has helped provide some additional spending cash for my every day purchases, and larger purchases.
Everyone knows someone like that. They aren't allowed at parties.
And Maggie makes three is one of my top 5 favorite episodes, sad to see it didn't make the list.
That one needs to followed with an evil, creepy chuckle
Thought there was going to be a closed window on a penis
That pimp walk after you go out of the pool must have been amazing
Homer: Well crying isn't going to help. Now, you can sit there feeling sorry for yourself or you can eat can after can of dog food until your tears smell enough like dog food until your dog comes back, or you can go out there and find your dog. Bart: You're right. [Gets up and leaves] Homer: Rats. I almost had him eating dog food.
Those eyes! The ojos!
I don't fit into my jeans from high school anymore.
Went from listening to rock/metal to everything, but really enjoying jazz and retro new wave.
Richard Naranjo
There is definitely some help that could be had from /r/relationships that might be needed to help with your wife and her spending habits/communication within the relationship. I know you state that your wife has income but not to count on it. She created this debt, and should take some responsibility for it. Does she work full time? Could she find full time work? This really could make a big difference in becoming debt free from a debt she created. As far as expenses go, the only thing that jumps out at me is the $100/month for lawn care. I see you have an HOA, is the lawn care required? After working in a building all day with fluorescent lights and a computer screen, I find great pleasure in weeding, mowing my lawn, and spending time outside.
"Hammer" blows sounds like a WWE finishing move.
Depending on where you live, there are some fun destinations to drive to. During our honeymoon we went off season (Late September) to a nice little beach town. During the day was high 60's so we walked the beach, sat outside, had drinks, window shopped, did a museum, and had some really nice meals. During the night, we even relaxed with a bottle of wine together and some time a fire. There is also sex.
&gt; It was my understanding that gay weddings were catered with pizza. I am a married straight male, and wish this was the case at my wedding.
Never gets old. Its like a nu thang every time.
Cheese is our new currency
Northern Over-exposure!
Poker cam!
Fuck that dirty sack of shit
Patriots just giving up?
What is the other way we can get home field advantage if the Pats don't win? I think we can pull it out.
3rd and 15 was a time to screen instead of that White handoff.
That kneel hurts to see
We stop them, but their offense is moving better than ours
He is not a Patriot
Anyone who says Pansy Brady can eat a bag of dicks
Great play by Brady
This line can't protect anything
That run hurt
These refs are so fucking dumb. Hoculi is a fucking idiot
I feel like we wanted to see if the run game with some fresh RBs could win it for us. It unfortunately couldn't.
He knows how to beat the Patriots. We should hire him and just say "Shhh baby"
Put it in the freezer and feel better
You never go full Delhomme
OSHA, who needs it
That is definitely a really nice gesture by this individual. That being said, tennis balls are not the best for a dog's teeth. [Here is a post about it](http://blog.petmeds.com/1800petmeds/tennis-balls-and-your-dogs-teeth/). There are some other dog-specific balls that are better for teeth. I definitely don't want to come across as a negative post. I was surprised as we used to give our old dog tennis balls in the past. For our current dog, we use "Chuckit!" brand balls.
Firefighter. Thinking that you mostly visit schools and save cats from trees instead of how dangerous fire rescue really is.
The smell probably helped too.
Run D is playing tough
Nice spark from Amendola
Let's hope this is ruled backwards
Ghost :(
Let's go D!
My HD antenna is looking good
Wow we are giving up big plays
Run game is not doing much
Brady making some bad decisions today
Very weak offensive series
Logan Ryan!!!!
Helmet hits all day
Not yet. Quick 3 and out or an INT
Let's get a stop here
We need an extra lineman to block for Brady on this
We're on to the 2 pt conversion
Except when Josh Gordon burned him on that slant for 70 yards.
@Caesar: Et tu brute!
I was going to say this highlight makes me sad. Opening weekend is one of the best times of year in sports (next to March Madness). I was on vacation during this game. Awesome to watch this game and then sleep in on Friday.
Gigli (2003)
Snow does a get job of reflecting UV rays. Hiked a similar snow field and ended up with a sunburn under my nose. The one place I didn't add sunscreen. Just hit me when I saw the snow and exposed skin. Very cool and historical pic.
Thanks man
Ice cream meltdown? I need to see this.
No panic room. Just have a panic bunker.
/u/DaveDavidsen encountered a wild butthole A wild butthole appeared!
Let's go D!!!!
FG these Phins
Floyd says goodnight
Mac, that you in the photo?
Let's go!
Sounds like a "friend" you don't need anymore
Nice job man! What is one of your favorite healthy meals and healthy snacks?
You guys need to create a third Parent Trap
If you think that will last long, you are going to have a bad time
Uncontrollable AI in movies/stories from the 50s to the 80s is becoming more real every day
Probably because he misses his glasses
Awesome job! People focusing on their goals inspires me.
I prefer watching on Netflix for now since the DVDs PQ is a little weak. Great deal on an incredible series though.
That won't be his last
Favorite city in the world
That shirt is pretty awesome. Where could I go about getting one?
Have always wanted to but have never seen Steel Trap (2007).
Number of beers consumed
I don't think you could pay enough me to eat one of those sandwiches.
It's like when you do that 1 in a million thing and nobody was around to see it. Only this time there is a CCTV to capture your glory.
Night of the Living Dead (1990) is on of my personal favorites. It's similar to 1968 but has some differences and nods to fans of the original. The Thing (1982) obviously should be on the list as well as the remake from The thing from another world (1951) remake.
"Do you really want Trump for a 2nd term?"
Antibiotic development and proper utilization needs constant improvement.
/r/blackplague
Dibs on the movie rights
Big stop!
Nice tackle!
Lewis!!!!!
Need to crush Brock now. Stop this drive
So many hipsters in this Taco Bell commercial
Nice stop!!!!
Let's go Brady
Fuck
Nice! Let's go D!
Gotta crush Miller every chance you get. Wear him down
Shit, Sheard be ok
O needs to make up for that error
This team is hot garbage right now
Hope this team wakes the fuck up
Well it's 14-13 and we are playing like hot garbage. We should be worried about this game.
Let's go D!
Nice JE11
Let's go!!!!
These shoves are not Patriot football
Protect Brady!!!! Fuck guys
JE11!!!!
Is Blount still sick? Lewis is not the ground game we need.
We love you Timnog
Long drive to TD would be a good opening to the half.
Blount has to still be sick
Keep hitting Osweiler
We need this big stop
Nice hit on Osweiler
Let's go offense!
Need to protect Brady
JE11!!!!
BALL DON'T LIE!!!!
This Nationwide song is sick
O, I want a TD. Let's go!!!!!
Clowney going dirty
Fuck Clowney
Can we protect Brady?
Show that JE11 hold
Surprised that Texans don't get any penalties on them. Bull shit
It won't be
Refs are so dumb
Hogan stay healthy
Pats can't get the O going. Fuck
Osweiler has training wheels on this game with our play
March down and score O!!!
More sloppy O play
D needs to make a play. They need to score since our O can't.
Tough to get that one. Really behind Edelman
Alright, kick off do your job.
After kick off, D needs to do their job.
Good job kickoff team. D needs to play huge.
Nice D! Big 3rd down coming. Finish this set of downs.
Nice Edelman!!!!
These end arounds are crazy
GOAT block!!!
Keep the clock moving and the chains
Fuck Bennett down
Yeah that looked like an ACL. Fingers crossed.
Big hold
Good to see Blount with the run. Dude needs some rest.
u/timnog is legend
Dion Lewis post game interview was awesome. Class act.
Harmon's final form
I think that's what Wilfork was telling him at the end of the game
Seriously what?
He terrifies that woman when he is staring at that mediocre steak sub
Yeah, I have reminded several people about the Ravens game where we came back from 14 down twice. That type of fan is insufferable. "Game over" with 12+ minutes in the 3rd quarter happens way too much. We were down 10 in the Super bowl when we beat the Seahawks, and that was coming out (after the freaking Ravens game earlier in that season!). These are probably the same fans who talk about the Super bowl before we even played the Texans.
I don't think I would want to there due to the anti-Patriot comments. Especially when other teams are cheering against the Patriots and Tom Brady because it's the Patriots and Tom Brady. If someone makes a stupid/mean-spirited comment regardless of their fandom (Pats fan or otherwise) then let the downvotes hit them.
That goal line stand at the end of the half was extremely impressive.
Haha, now I want to see this. Calling on the power of the almighty u/timnog
Hogan just had his eyes looking away. "Don't make eye contact, don't make eye contact"
That was a perfect throw by Brock
The look on Whitten's face sucked to see. One of the greatest TEs. Dude never stops contributing.
Kelce is that good
Alex Smith did everything right on that play
That was a heavy blown to the head.
Cole "Wes Welker" Beasley. Dude takes a ferocious hit and just pops up for the next play.
That's a gutsy, hard QB run.
I love Jason Witten
Stunt person jumping through windows
We need follow up
The iconic Mile high salute
Wow, and get this from back in the day according to Wikipedia: "In 1996, Davis signed a lucrative new five-year contract with the Broncos that was worth $6.8 million"
I remember that dirty play. "Integrity of the game".
Oh honey...
The chair is going just that hard
Wanna get away?
This guy stocks!
Let's destroy this team boys!!! Keep it up
Nice job Rowe! Now watch the fake.
Let's TD this
Nice job D
O needs to get it going
Shazier is nasty
Great protection! Great catch Hogan!
