Saint is taller. That looks a lot like Hard
With the imports, NA lcs has a stronger lineup of mids than EU
Having one of the most veteran players in Froggen to help and Rick fucking Fox will be hugely helpful for him and Hard
I imagine Rick Fox will take a hand in mentoring or managing them yeah, or he'll know how to pick out a great coach with his background
EU players are still a very small portion of the total players in NA. This joke is pretty forced
Historically EU has really good mids while its NA's weakest role in regards to native talent, most eu imports are mids as a result. Top is the other weak NA role that has a lot of imports. Look at something like adc and you'll see more NA players. It's a bit early to say TSM is the strongest.
That's not saying much since there aren't many NA rookies. I don't see Remilia or RF being better than Moon, Stixxay, any of the TLA players
TL's shot calling has left a lot to be desired. I'm not sure it will be a big downgrade with Dardoch
Top 5 Korean mid
Statistically Gamsu was pretty bad. He had a large share of the team's gold yet did really poorly in his stats. He was a mediocre player with flashes of good play
Zion preformed on Coast despite a bad team. Altec preformed on Winterfox despite a bad team. Gamsu was part of Dig being bad. Dunno why you're so upset over the fact that a player might not be that good
I'm on my phone but http://oracleselixir.com/statistics/na/na-lcs-2015-summer-regular-season-player-statistics/ I imagine you can get to spring from there too so you can look at both splits. Click top laner and go to town. Thanks for being condescending though, mature way to carry a conversation
I feel like RNG might be a smart team even if they lack outright talent. I could see them taking wins off smart play rather than smashing lane or mechanical outplays
You'd hope he would have the self awareness to improve on that after seeing how it works against him
Trundle as flex for top and support. Beyond that good list
Seriously. "NA has no talent" "challenger players? Team will be shit" "Lol imports dae 2 eu" It's a damned if you do damned if you don't. Try challenger talent and you're laughed at or called weak, if you import you're part of the problem and memes are posted
It's 2 years to be a resident right? So Ninja could not be considered a resident until Summer 2017 unless I'm mistaken
Yup. No one is gonna say "I might suck as a top."
I just want a keyboard that puts comma and period to the right of space. Having those so easy to access is the thing I miss most from android
You're right, the Danish flag *is* pretty great
This comment is lame
Fnatic made him a big offer so money isn't the motivation
Maybe the king of a very small, inbred kingdom
Elements vs TIP is the MyM vs Coast of this split. Gotta love races to the bottom
I believe Baby changed his name to BIG, going by his Twitter and the Echo Fox announcement
Both have sizeable fanbases
Not even Piglet can bypass the Gatekeeper
Riot will blur his face. The mystery will continue
I agree. If you put someone like Febiven against CS mids he'd crush them into a new reality. Alex beat CS mids but rarely crushed them to the degree that I would think "Old Alex Ich is back." Alex still has to prove he is a relevant player
TL is one of the the most transparent League orgs. I imagine other orgs have issues as well we're just not privy to them
NRG? GBM and Impact are world class, Altec potentially is as well also. If Moon and Konkwon can keep up then that's a really strong western team.
Sure, but Impact likely can communicate well enough as he's had to communicate in English for a year now. GBM won't have good english but Konkwon is fluent in both English and Korean and can easily translate. NRG will have vastly fewer communication issues than the Chinese teams did, and the team has strong players to build off of.
I'd argue that Sheep has never been good in competitive play.
He changed back to Selfie as according to him there's negative memories/emotions attached to the Kori name for him
How is YS after money when Fnatic offered him more money than TSM did?
Any player: What player(s) are you most excited to go against? Any of the coaching staff: What do you think will be the biggest hurdle to overcome to catch up to and become one of the top teams?
Any ideas for how they could buff Dragon? It seems like even with number tweaks only the 1st and 5th stack bonuses are important enough to fight over. Would you prefer they rework the stacks of 2-4?
When will GBM start streaming? He seems like he'd be a blast to watch
We just need the LCS to incorporate coach-initiated pauses so if you see someone start to tilt you can pause, run on stage and tell them a random fact.
Thoorin usually does it in an entertaining way, he can burn people really well. Soaz and Amazing just get whiny.
Sorry you have to experience that. Riot seems to be trying hard to fight it with their detection systems and the like, at some point all you can do is mute and report. If someone is impacting your enjoyment of the game then reduce your interaction with them as much as is feasible.
I've tried before and it didn't really work. Maybe it's possible in some way but i'm inclined to say no.
Nice editing and music! Thanks for sharing =)
Are you referring to your taskbar being on top of your game? The way i've found to fix that is to switch to fullscreen real fast and then back to borderless.
LS may also be biased since he's worked with and coached Moon. I think Moon will be good but i'm not sure he'll be the next big superstar in NA. He was good in challenger but didn't do anything that blew me away.
Oh, that's not good! Sorry you had to experience that, man
No problem! Summonerschool is great. I've been playing since closed beta and I still find myself on there quite often. I'm Ruran in-game if you ever need another person to play with.
I must have just hit bad times then, I got trapped in D for a good 20 minutes due to how slow traffic was going in and out of it, not to mention the people driving slower than smell hoping that a spot would open.
I talk to Miguel (the guy who runs parking services) fairly often and he makes it sounds like they aren't allowed to ticket until a certain date. If you get ticketed before that you could probably get it dropped.
I consider a 9AM class super early =P. If you're getting there that early then you'd be fine yeah. Past around 11ish the only consistent parking I could find was the park and ride.
If you'd like to save some money just search for your book name + .pdf. You can usually find free ebook versions of your textbooks.
I think he'll do well but I don't think he'll dominate players like Impact or Darshan.
Eh, more koreans than euopeans. That's worse for Huni since Koreans are the ones that tilt him.
I'd put Sneaky above Forg1ven personally. Sneaky has consistently performed even on the world stage
I'll go ahead and say that they probably have a bit more merit and insight than the average random redditor
I don't think playing the game is necessary to have a deep understanding. Some (most?) of the best coaches in history aren't people who played that sport. Monte doesn't play League much at all and has a deep understanding. Thoorin doesn't understand the game on a complex level but he does a lot of research to the point i'd say he has a decent understanding of the macro game.
1. NRG 2. TSM 3. IMT 4. C9 5. Echo 6. CLG 7. TL 8. DIG 9. RNG 10. TIP I really think Echo Fox will surprise people.
He was offered a job as a CLG analyst iirc.
This is the clip you're looking for I believe https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s3qNH4zSndA
New players don't play with smurfs...
You're out of control
New League champion: Ronald McDonald
I doubt any region could support 20 teams without having a massive, massive disparity between the top and bottom teams. Especially the west where it's usually 4 teams or so on top and then the rest are a step down.
He's only human. I'd be a hypocrite too if I was staring billions of dollars in the face
Thanks for your insightful contribution to the post
Yeah, there's two very different ways to take it: TL is challenger-level atm, or TLA is LCS level. Chances are it's a little of both since Fabby mentioned that they also do well against other LCS teams.
9pm est iirc
yes
I think that's the goal. Hai just wants to retire. He's a bandaid until Bunny is ready to take over.
I can neither confirm nor deny
Braum is so good against MF.
HE'S ONLY PLAYING ON SATURDAY MOST LIKELY. RF HAS TO GO AGAINST A MOTHER FUCKING WORLD CHAMPION
EVEN AGAINST CRIS RF WOULD GET BOOTY SPELUNKED SO HARD THAT RENEGADES WOULD BE THE FIRST TEAM WITH 2 FEMALE PLAYERS
He should have just picked up Cris instead of Smittyj. Cris completely outclassed him.
NRG at least had an excuse with missing 2/5ths of their roster, one of which is part shotcaller (Impact). Dig though.... oh my
He actually looked good, it's the first time he's ever had a strong team around him.
NRG had to play with 3/5ths of the Team Coast roster that made it in via the promotion tournament. They'll be able to play with Impact and Moon tomorrow.
It'd have almost no impact I imagine.
What argument? I don't recall Riot ever bringing up viewership numbers as the reason for NA on weekends. If they did, can you link me?
Get ready for an entire split of people bitching about the days that EU is on. These people act like it's personal. It's such a nonfactor. I don't watch OG vs FN and go "damn, this would be better if it was on saturday!"
And what time would you like NA to play on Thurs and Fri? They can't do the matches at 3PM PST, viewership would drop like a rock due to school and work. If they do it later than that they start to lose a large chunk of EU audience due to how late it'd be.
We had a Cris!
Yeah it's unfortunate, that was a really bad game from Shrimp, he's a beast but that was not his match. It's funny that even feeding he was doing more than Kirei pressure-wise and in team fights. I'm excited to see how NRG does with the full roster.
It was a good showing from him. Probably nice to actually play a professional match on a team that's not hot flaming garbage.
I think Shrimp just got screwed by a combination of being on a feast/famine jungler and lan jitters. That was a very uncharacteristic game from him.
It's the lesser of two evils. EU losing some NA viewership is less harmful than NA losing both EU and NA viewership. With EU being ahead timezone-wise to NA it becomes a logistical nightmare to try and schedule NA on weekdays. They would either have to sacrifice nearly all EU viewership and put it in the evening, or they would have to put it at a time where neither EU or NA can watch it very well. Screwed either way. EU being at their current time is good for EU viewers and also gets some NA viewers.
Archon and Empyre of NRG also said yesterday that working with Cris was great, that he's hard working and has a great attitude.
I'd say they were tied, they play different roles. Aphro is a playmaker and he was fantastic at it last year, Adrian is more vision focused and had great statistics on top of it.
Chances are if we see Dominate swapped out we'll see Matt swapped in to make up for Dominate's lost shotcalling. Dominate's shotcalling doesn't seem great lately but some shotcalling is better than none.
Matt will also bring better shotcalling than Dominate which is worth the hit to synergy for.
TSM has growing to do but I don't think Immortals is overhyped. Every analyst and scrim leak out there says that Immortals is really good. Huni + Reignover is just such a strong core for a team.
Worth mentioning too that Saint now has it in his contract that they can't sell the LCS spot unless Saint gives permission. I doubt strong Korean players like Police and Eve would join if Saint didn't assure them that they'd get to keep the spot.
He's on Saint's new team which chances are will make it in to the LCS. It has some really strong Korean players on it and Saint seems like a good coach.
It was in one of his streams, can't supply a source sorry. No idea which one it was and it'd be a nightmare to search for
He looked better in that game than he had in over a split. It's a good sign even if it's only one game.
I'm surprised Steve isn't playing that role to him. Steve seems like he's willing to make the hard decisions, so if Piglet was having an attitude problem he'd be willing to crack down on him.
Honestly, I wouldn't mind seeing them just completely sub in all of TLA. Youngbin and Fabby would obviously be a step down from Fenix and Piglet but having a team with cohesion and no ego problems could be worth it.
Quas made a decision to change his life some as he had been suffering from depression and some other stuff, he wanted to try being more outgoing and confident and etc. In trying to make that change an 'incident' occurred which resulted in his suspension while they sorted it out. Quas then decided to completely retire and pursue a medical career.
RF crumbled against a world champion.
It helps that Impact had more kills and farm than RF.
Morg was also a weird choice, Braum would have been smarter imo. Wonder if that's a consequence of Remi's champion pool.
Didn't say good, just what Remi feels comfortable playing.
Sorry, yeah. Impact didn't win because he's a world champion vs a challenger player, it's only because Fiora. So broken!
The game with two of their players missing? Impact is also a shotcaller so they lost half their shotcalling.
If Fiora is as broken as you say then why didn't RF pick Fiora? So either REN lost by not reading the meta right/RF's champion pool not including a 'broken' champion, or Fiora isn't broken.
I doubt the same would have occurred if it was RF on Fiora and Impact on Mundo. RF just looked outclassed.
Braum would bring better zone control with his ult, synergizes really well with Lucian and his shield would block more than Morg's.
Holy SHIT Dardoch
Hopefully. Matt is on point with his play.
Dardoch and Matt really impressed. I hope TL continue to use them!
Matt was damn impressive.
Piglet, Dardoch, Matt and Lourlo trapped in the Fenix prison.
I feel like Matt and Lourlo also did well. Fenix was the weak factor in that match.
You can tell Immortals is a good team by the fact they didn't get down in the filth with TIP and just dominated them on every level.
Your flair makes this comment even more funny.
By all accounts the manager has abandoned the team. Alex Gu supposedly went back to China and left the team high and dry. The translator had to pick up the pieces and is trying to run it now.
They're missing two of their players and having to move one of them to mid, but even with their main roster I expect very little. They're going to be fodder for whoever ends up as the #1 CS team.
Ironically enough Alex Gu abandoned the team. The translator is having to try and run it now. TIP doesn't even have management at this point. It's the dried out husk of a team.
It's been run by a series of sketchy Chinese owners. I guess that's a curse of sorts
Not anymore, they changed it
I think WT fits the aggression better but Pob isn't Febiven level yet
If TIP somehow pulls out wins and avoids relegation I totally expect him to rematerialize and pretend he didn't abandon the sinking ship
He's probably making bank back in China
Eh, GBM is on a stronger roster. It'd be a downgrade to move to TL
Matt is also a shotcaller. If you drop Matt and keep Dardoch then TL has no shot calling
Dig is good when Kirei is on Elise. He has to show he can play some other champs
They're still making changes to it. Smarter to limit how many regions have access while you're still tuning it
http://www.modelmayhem.com/1808997 this is her i believe source: http://miyashiro.typepad.com/my_weblog/korra/
Matt is nice to listen to. Speaks clearly and with confidence and actually answers the questions. Also his voice is like velvet on my ears. He could be a radio announcer. Edit: Dominate said "I don't live in the house anymore so I can't really judge." I wonder if that's a sign that Dardoch will be fully taking over the starting position?
The difference is that the power rankings last season had most EU teams above NA teams. After all the EU trash talking, putting NA teams above EU teams causes anger
Bunny is really tall so he probably fills those shoes already
I play a game for the game, not the client.
Last season and with Peke. You're saying current OG is just as good as Worlds OG from season 5?
It'll be interesting to see if TL tries having the full TLA roster play one week in the lcs.
Those are aspects but I'd never switch games for a client unless I flat out enjoyed that gameplay more. The game is 90% of my time in league, not the client.
Matt also looked quite good and brings shotcalling
The money from selling the spot is pretty nice too though.
I'm convinced Regi has a thing for Danes.
I know, it's a joke :p Denmark produces an insane amount of talent despite it being pretty small
The import restrictions are blocking him from building his Danish empire
Oh, well, that's why he didn't sign Freeze
Considering that configuration of players had 0 matches as a team and two of them had never played a professional match beyond challenger, they did pretty damn well
His comment becomes unintentionally hilarious when it implies Fabby is on another level from Piglet. #FabbyWorldChampion2016
He seems like a nice guy but Bodydrop struck me as the weakest part of NME last split. If they keep him I hope he can step it up some. Edit: Well that's some timing. He just announced he's no longer with Enemy. https://twitter.com/LoL_Bodydrop/status/689998118805508096
He's been on pretty bad teams. He looked pretty good in his NRG game when he didn't have a raging dumpster fire around him.
It was his first LAN game ever, not to mention his first non-challenger professional match. He did really well, just needs to keep his head a bit better and go less ham.
Yes, I believe there's no overall 'worldwide' power ranking for that reason. It's contained to just the individual regions and switched to a tier system rather than a numbered ranking.
That's certainly possible but power rankings about about the now, you can't really factor in what might happen to a team in the future when doing them. As is stands, H2K looked the best in Europe as of week 1. This might massively change in the coming weeks if OG get back into form and such.
I think the reasoning is that H2K played harder teams than Immortals did. Immortals looked really good but they had a fairly easy week and have to look that way against stronger teams for them to be called S-tier. If I recall, Immortals plays NRG and TSM this week, those teams will be a better test for where Immortals stands.
Sorry, I was only able to catch NA and EU this week so I can't really speculate one way or another why he put ahq as s-tier.
Unless i'm mistaken, the translator had to pick up the pieces and is trying to run it now. LMQ/TiP has such a history of sketchiness.
Cris has a pretty bad perception around him but between his high ranked accounts, strong performances in challenger, and various people vouching on his behalf (Dyrus, Brokenshard, Saint, Empyre, Archon, etc.) I think Cris could be really good if he was on the right team.
Ah yeah I probably should have clarified that he goes by Wolfe now. I edited that into the post. Thanks!
and water is wet. Coast having the #1 spot is implied in all tier lists. It just gets tedious to type it every time.
I think Ember's support staff will also play a big part, it's pretty extensive. Enemy is a relatively smaller org and can't go as crazy with infrastructure as Ember can.
They'd probably move Dominate down to TLA
Doesn't it get tiring to constantly shit post about NA vs EU?
He and Impact are the shotcallers
He's a Dig sub atm
Except it's because All Stars. Ignorant salt strikes again
Makes sense. You can do analysis any episode, but you can rarely get insight from a long time team owner.
Chris Badawi. (Ex?) co-owner of Renegades who was banned from being an LCS owner for a period of time due to poaching allegations.
It's a heart breaker but also understandable. Look at the roster that played. It was Dardoch's and Matt's first ever LCS game. Heck, it may have been their first LAN match ever? Lourlo also only had one game under his belt. 3/5ths of the team had 1 or less professional matches played and that unique configuration had 0 scrims together as a team. Considering that, it's damn impressive they did as well as they did.
They'll probably just have Smoothie play with TLA.
Top also requires a deeper champion pool which would be difficult for Hai if he can't spam solo-queue.
Wonder if he was suspended by Riot? When ive seen him in streams he seems to be pretty toxic and ragey
Also, I forget which interview it was but someone was talking about how shotcallers tend to prioritize their own lane. Like a top lane shotcaller will call for more ganks than a non-shotcaller would. With Matt shotcalling from bot that means more emphasis will be placed on bot which is really good since Piglet is a really good carry.
I imagine the main weight behind it is that Matt is a shotcaller. They need someone to take over in that regard since Dominate was the shotcaller. They don't want a C9 situation where suddenly the team has no idea how to play.
Probably. I doubt they'd try to have Matt play in two different leagues on two different teams at the same time, it'd be stretching him really thin. The big worry though is that Matt was TLA's shotcaller. This could seriously tank TLA if they suddenly have no shotcalling and have to play teams like TDK and Apex.
Piglet wants to go off. Dominate became more and more passive and -- while a solid player -- didn't really seem to fit with how aggressive Fenix and Piglet seem to play. I think Dardoch will be a massively better fit.
Planning for network load is incredibly difficult. For example, look at how many MMOs buckle under the weight of release despite all the stress tests and preparation. Even WoW with 10+ years under it's belt still is sketchy for a bit on expansion release.
Also, who is to say this was even ready for preseason. It's easy to say "lol dumb Riot, just release it in preseason and all this is solved." when the customer has no idea what is happening behind the scenes.
sOAZ looks like Napolean which can be attractive if you like commanding men.
I'd say top is stronger than EU atm. Huni, Impact, Darshan and Hauntzer.
Forg1ven hasn't proven himself internationally.
It's not amazing but it's definitely good. If it were any other CS split I think they'd easily win, it's just unfortunate the split this roster is built is the strongest NA CS split ever.
I really hope the same doesn't happen to Dardoch. He's such a promising and aggressive player. Seeing him become a ward would be a tragedy.
I've seen a few comments with rumors that he was banned for being so toxic/rage-y in solo-queue but definitely nothing concrete. Dig said they'll give more info Monday iirc.
Oh we're talking about the CLG match? I think Balls will be fine. He rarely outright loses lane, he'll usually go even or stays relevant in farm even if he's behind at first. Unless he's put into a very bad matchup I expect another lane to be the deciding factor in CLG vs C9
He really stepped it up in the off-season. He was crushing it during the HTC Ascension and CS qualifiers.
My roster is almost all NRG players and my subs are Fox players. This is quite the pickle.
Matt's voice is like velvet on my ears. He probably keeps the team from tilting just because they're so relaxed listening to him.
I don't think that was all on Loco's shoulders though. Lustboy began to decline some, WT lost confidence, Dyrus was struggling to keep up, etc.
I imagine the long term goal is to get a new coach. Loco has outright said he'd prefer to be doing content creation and not coaching, and he was sort of a bandaid solution when the previous head coach didn't work out. Loco can fill the role while they look for a permanent head coach for the long term.
Having good top and jungle synergy is really potent.
&gt;I really hate how this sub has become a place to trash on EU fans so much. You honestly think EU is trashed more than NA? Do you *read* threads?
Wasn't trying to claim that at all, sorry if it came across that way. My point was that I see way more EU trash talking NA than the other way around.
He was on a team with Darshan and Doublelift. You really think he was going to get to play a carry champ with those two on the team?
TL got reverse swept
Yeah the top 2 teams don't have any EU players so not sure how they're currently the reason NA is stronger
Rush is mechanically better than Moon, but Moon is a better fit for this team so i'd say it's an upgrade in the jungle just due to playstyle. Moon is a supportive jungler which is fantastic for players like GBM, Altec and Impact who are not super aggressive.
KFO realized he'd have to play against Impact and pretended to have a Visa issue to avoid the stomping.
Dignitas has an arguable upgrade in the top lane (BillyBoss &gt; SmittyJ imo) and RNG has to play with a downgrade. I think Dig takes the advantage.
Yeah, i'm really interested in seeing the bottom lane. Piglet has been on fire the past two matches and Stixxay is fairly inexperienced, but so is Matt.
Spring 2015 playoffs I believe. I thought they had been reverse swept in the gauntlet as well but I was mistaken and that was a 3-1.
Anyone looks supportive next to Rush =p His challenger play doesn't really reflect his LCS play. A jungler like Moon, despite being good, isn't going to be funneled resources over Impact, GBM and Altec. Those are three very good carries. The same was not true of Rush where his playstyle is entirely oriented around being a carry. In his C9 introduction video he even said he joined C9 over TSM because they would allow him to play carry champions. Moon imo is able to fit that 'backseat' playstyle with more ease than Rush can, which is good on a team with the players he's with.
He was the Rush of midlane. Zirene called Rush a honeybadger for a reason.
Definitely this. I can't count how many comments I saw that Adrian wasn't that good and his statistics were just inflated. Even if his warding statistic was inflated from Rush not dropping many, he had really good stats in other categories as well.
I thought C9 learned at IEM to not pick Nidalee. Also, Trundle against a team with only a single tank?
How do they do that though? They're starting from behind and have to train up Bunny just to become competent. Meanwhile, every other team in the LCS will be also improving, but they don't start with this big of a detriment. I'm not sure C9 has the breathing room to just play Bunny and hope things improve unless they're willing to play in relegations.
