Or, Mom has almost no capacity to stand up for herself, nor, by extension, her daughter.
[Panic attacks are very treatable](https://www.google.com/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&amp;ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;ie=UTF-8#q=treatment%20for%20panic%20attacks). So is [depersonalization disorder](https://www.google.com/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&amp;ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;ie=UTF-8#q=treatment+for+depersonalization%2Fderealization+disorder).
No legal advice, but I think you might want to start by posting to /r/relationships. Maybe you, your mother, and your grandmother need to have a sit down and discuss what limits you want to draw and can stick to, and present a united, consistent front. Once you do that, you may find the police responsive. Right now they probably see no point in getting in the middle of a back and forth between various members of the family. Bear in mind that the three of you may not be able to reach an agreement, or your mother and grandmother might prove unable to stick to a plan. So, instead of trying to "save" them and dealing out physical justice to your brother, you might be well advised to save yourself and your stuff. In other words, decide what your own limits are, and stick to them.
You can meet with your mother and grandmother tomorrow, but like I said, by the sound of things they are not especially likely to want to or be able to set and enforce limits. Although they may not be as physically strong as your brother, they could always call the police if they felt unsafe. That they don't speaks volumes. That is a choice they are making. They may be your family, but they are competent adults, and you can't protect your family unless **they** want you to. All you can do is protect your own valuables and money. Move anything that you don't want to see disappear into your storage space tomorrow. Hire people to help if necessary. Until you have your own living space, your room should consist of your bed and a small suitcase and/or backpack with a couple of days' change of clothes and your toiletries. You have to take care of yourself. If your mother and grandmother cannot agree on a plan of action or stick to it, you cannot save them. It is not your job to save them. It is not possible for you to save them. You may have to walk awak from this situation. I'm sorry.
Unless he was an impulsive person who got a little too excited about owning an expensive and fast car.
Are you waiting for your parents to say, "Oh, you're right, thecagedbird_screams, and we're wrong. Go enjoy your freedom." Because they won't. It's up to you to be tough enough to endure being cut off by them and set limits. Maybe you'll have to block their calls for a while. Are you saying that you can't support yourself unless you live at home?
This person may be mentally ill. This is really not acceptable or normal behavior. Everybody makes mistakes, because we're human. You surely might have done something wrong with this girl. Well, it's her responsibility to tell you *there and then*. "Ow, you stepped on my toes," or "Hey, don't interrupt." "Oh, sorry!" Done. That's how friends are supposed to act. I've done some really stupid-ass things to my friends. They tell me what's wrong, I apologize, we move on. That's how it's supposed to happen. If somebody saves up some hurt or misdeed, says nothing, and then has a huge blow up over sins you had no clue about because they didn't bother to tell you, then that person is a colossal asshole. That person hurt you terribly and is a vindictive and cruel person. But for them to be one way, and suddenly switch and be another way, and not have anything specific that you even did wrong--the quotes you provide above are suspiciously vague and nebulous--then she may be mentally ill. There are some personality disorders that are characterized by the person idealizing others and then suddenly and violently changing their opinion to complete devaluation based on some tiny perceived slight that a healthy person wouldn't even notice. Do some reading on personality disorders. It's not you, it's her. I would say that the part where you two were close and trusting was real. This part, where she is evil and cold to you, is the mental illness. Unfortunately, you would probably so better to move on, but please don't blame yourself.
Having seen and gotten involved in my share of dying businesses, you're not necessarily doing him any favors by propping something that is still on the way out at the sacrifice of your health and sanity. If he's doing something wrong or is undercapitalized, it would be better if he acknowledged what was wrong and either fixed that or walked away before going horribly into debt.
You can't leave until September for safety reasons? Care to elaborate?
How long before they are old enough to go to school? i don't care how disabled they are, they legally have the right to an appropriate education.
Depends on the state. The child has some say inthe court, but until the court modifies it, the police will enforce the standing custody order if the mom calls them. That being said, the best thing OP can do is call the police whenever he feels unsafe--meaning verbal and physical abuse. For instance, OP, when she locks you in the garage, do you have access to food, water, bathroom facilities? If not, you can call the police.
I'm thinking, the more elaborate the wedding, the more dependent they'll be on others to finance it, and having more time to plan and complexity gives Kate more time and excuses to meddle. If everything is simple and the couple themselves are paying for things, the mother-in-law has less say. Although, having written this, she will probably try to stick her fingers in everything anyway, so yeah, the real issue is standing up to her.
Same here. I immediately named them Ashley and Brandon.
It's a species from the African sahel, so it needs space, lots of sunlight (or UVB bulb during the winter), and a grass and vegetable based diet. Also, look up the phrase pyramiding tortoise sulcata. Although this is commonly seen in captive tortoises, especially sulcatas, this is something you need to prevent.
Good Lord, what an absolute loonfest. Regard this as a learning moment. In the future, if you have your own business, remember the importance of drawing lines with clients. Document everything, use contracts, and fire your clients when necessary.
Your life was jeopardized with your last pregnancy. Pre-eclampsia is no joke, as you well know. It's one of the big reasons why women died back in the bad old days. Perhaps you're afraid of becoming pregnant. Regarding your career frustrations, I want to urge you to develop a career. If you have these frustrations, it's for a reason. Also, you never know what might happen in the future. Something might happen to your husband and then you would be in financial peril. Whether or not you have children in the future, you need to be ready to provide for yourself. This is from my personal experience. I gave up two great jobs for my husband, and it turned out to be an unwise decision. Now I'm middle aged and trying to rebuild a new career. People aren't so eager to hire middle aged women. Please don't let this happen to you. No matter how this turns out, and I do hope you take everyone else's advice to seek professional help, please take steps now to be able to hold down a job, and if you do end up having kids, their young, dependent years are short. Stay employed!
Almost any king of grass is okay, including your law, if you haven't used pesticides or chemicals. [This page](http://www.sulcata-station.org/diet.html) has a list of different grasses you can feed him.
Another thing to consider: it costs several hundred dollars to file for bankruptcy.
The father should sue for custody and ask for a psych evaluation.
"Mom, we've talked about this. I don't see any reason to talk about this further." Leave, go to room and close door, go to another room and close door, go for a walk, sit in your car. It is wonderful and loving for them to support you in your illness. It is reasonable for them to have house rules while you are under their roof. It is pointless and abusive to continuously harangue you for something that in 2.5 hours has to have been completely clarified. No matter what your situation and what your religion, you have a right to basic human dignity, which includes not being verbally harangued endlessly.
Do you have any friends or family from before you were married? Reach out to these people, even if you feel like you could die from shame, even if you haven't contacted some of them in years. I'm betting that there are more than a few of them who would be thrilled to hear from you and support you in various ways--a place to stay, a recommendation for a lawyer, an old car, a job tip. These people are out there. Look for them. To your ex's face, be "fresh as a lettuce." Act sweet and non-threatening. Never let him guess what you're about to do next. Step 0. Document all interactions with your ex. Step 1. Make a back up his computer. Get a new computer that's all yours. Don't let him know of its existence. Change all your passwords. Step 2. Reach out to friends. Get the best lawyer you can, even if you have to borrow money (what's going on with your family?). Whatever the lawyer says, do. Step 3. With the help of the lawyer, women's shelters, and friends, make an escape plan and get out. Take the kids, but bear in mind that there is probably no reason for you to get full custody. Take your lawyer's advice and stay legal. (Adultery makes no difference in a divorce case). Step 4. Once you're out of the house, file for divorce. Bear in mind that once you move out, as long as you're upholding the terms of the separation agreement, he does not need to know where you live. All correspondence can go through your lawyer, and the kids can be picked up and dropped off at school. EDIT: this goes with Step 0: Take care of your body. You won't be able to make all the new and renewed connections you have to make, love your children,find a job, find a new place to live, and survive the various legal proceedings that are going to take up your time for the next couple of years, unless you find a healthy way to deal with your stress. Eat your vegetables, stay away from caffeine, alcohol and refined carbs, spend at least 1/2 hour every day doing something that makes you sweat, get enough sleep, practice some form of meditation daily, and get yourself and your children into therapy.
That's awesome. I didn't like that some of the commenters on the last post seemed to have the attitude that just because they were kids you should suck it up. Nobody should have to endure being harrassed daily.
The "Yes I'm 18" button is so that the website is not held liable for showing porn to children. If you lie and say you're 18, that's on you.
In small towns, his butthole is tiny, dark, and fetid. You can barely fit a donkey carcass in there. In Chicago, his butthole is as cavernous as the sky, and produces ill winds that swirl about the highways with a howl that would curdle the blood of Al Capone's pet banshee. This is accompanied by the almost equally colossal assholes of lesser and demi demons. This, actually, is why Chicago is called the Windy City.
Public drunkeness, disturbing the peace. It wasn't that arbitrary. Sorry, but your friend sounds like a bit of an entitled jerk. If you're drunk, get rowdy indoors or in some venue, or behave yourself in public.
Send a death certificate along with the letter, then.
Engage with him as little as possible. Be vague, pleasant, noncommittal. I'm with pretty much everybody else in this thread in thinking you should get out this week. Make a plan, keep it secret, and GTFO. Don't answer his calls or emails. Save voicemails and emails from him. And DO NOT COMMUNICATE WITH HIM directly after that.
Just like keeping her from having an income keeps her dependent as well.
Confusing, right? I wonder if the mother knows. If the mother is clueless and thinks she is being supportive, OP should have a sit down with Mom and make an arrangement to stay with her immediately. If Mom shames OP or tries to make her stay with this guy after hearing that he tried to choke her daughter--OMG that would be too awful.
Sex us fun. You are young. It is hard to control strong impulses when you are young. Fortunately, you were intelligent enough to know what to do to take responsibility about it. Over the next couple of weeks, if your girlfriend feels like she is about to get her period and then doesn't, she may be pregnant. You know who can really help you? Planned Parenthood. They are amazing about giving away free, high quality condoms, because they know that people who don't have much money still like to have sex. Here's how you will channel your worry into something productive. Do some research and find the nearest Planned Parenthood. Make an appointment for yourself and your girlfriend in which you tell them the whole story you told us here. They should be friendly and non-judgmental so that the next time sex impulses hit, you will have a plan and equipment in place. They will also help you plan what to do in case your girlfriend turns out to be pregnant. Good luck, and here's hoping your girlfriend's "little red friend" appears soon. P.S. You should keep going to that pharmacy, because it sounds like they've got your back.
Can you give us more information about the girl/woman?
Only half of students have developed the capacity to reason abstractly by the time the graduate from high school. The tough part is that you need to be challenged to reason abstractly in order to develop that capacity faster.
That's hilarious. There are girls who spend literally the entire day putting on makeup. Then they infect girls around them by passing their stuff around. Then they get mad at you for handing them a paper because can't I see they're doing something?
...who think the thread is actually about how much their teacher sucks.
It gets to the point where there are so many apathetic little shots that once you make a seating chart that disttubutes them perfectly, they shout at each other, making the problem classwide.
The phrase "please don't, that's inappropriate," uttered in a low, almost kindly voice (implying that it doesn't bother me personally) goes a long way for me. Then say "thank you" when they stop. I don't see how any parent could fault you for trying to keep things "appropriate." That word is your friend.
There are teachers who make the students write down the objective, agenda, and homework every day. That way if a kid refuses to do so, it's on them.
And the worst part is, one of those kids might be a lying bully, but you have no way of knowing which one. Usually it's more that they are egocentric and think that everything they do is justified and everything the other kid does is wrong.
That's a very solid rant. When I was young, we were challenged as elementary students. I slowly came to realize how very unusual that was. I think if I had been educated "here's-how-to-do-it-now-do-it" formula day in and day out, I might have turned into the worst student out there.
He could smear the lower part of the window with Vaseline so that the window violators wind up with sticky fingers.
It's really noble of you to be working on a way to keep Dad in the picture. But if Dad isn't that motivated to see the boy, I want to present some problems that you may confront. I have a lot of experience with moving a boy around because my ex was in academia. You and your boy would enjoy what I did: lots of dislocation without the support of military benefits and social structure. Yes, we got to see the country and had many unforgettable experiences, but you can get the same by vacationing. It really hurt both my son and I to keep saying good-bye to friends, to have to abandon community and places we had grown attached to, to have to keep finding new doctors and dentists and schools all over again. Fortunately, my son turned out to have very strong social skills, so he always managed to make new friends. Many kids are not so lucky and would struggle a lot more and end up being socially isolated. Small children, and boys in particular, need space to run around and act like the little monkeys that they are. They deserve a living situation which is appropriate to this need where they won't end up breaking things and getting yelled at a lot. They need parks and playgrounds and they need friends in those spaces, because playing even with a cool, fun mom isn't ever going to be the same. They need to have things like bikes and skateboards and basketballs, and these things are going to get dusty and dirty, because children need physical, unstructured play. Kids also need a certain amount of toys and art supplies. Whereas I agree wholeheartedly that many modern children have too many toys, it is normal for kids to develop interests, which may be intense. Some of these interests will fade quickly but some of these will develop into lifelong interests. Toys and play develop a child's mind and imagination, and playing with their friends develops a child's social skills. I learned about math and reading diagrams playing with blocks and Legos. Both my son and I spent much of our childhoods building elaborate imaginary cities with people, buildings, cars, trains, and airports, and both alone and with our friends, concocted ongoing and complex dramas of crime, natural disasters, attacking monsters, international intrigue, and noble sorrows and grand tragedies. You need a box of toys to really get that going. Kids need books. Sure, you can cycle out the books they've outgrown as you acquire new ones, and you can rely largely on your local bookstore, public library, or the Internet, but young children find tremendous comfort in re-reading certain beloved books over a number of years, and older children deserve to enjoy having a favorite book or two that is all their own--an encyclopedia of reptiles and amphibians, a Spanish-English picture dictionary, a book of sports cars or WWII airplanes--whatever your kid loves and finds continuity in. Kids need a place to do their homework. That place needs things like a stapler, glue, markers or crayons, pens and pencils, a pencil sharpener, and scissors. They need enough space to put the posterboard flat and still have some room for the supplies when they're working on that project on Volcanoes or Martin Luther King, Jr. You need room for a laptop and a printer and a backup drive with daily backups for that inevitable day when he spills his drink all over the laptop. To live in a tiny house, you need to be tidy and organized. you can t let the dishes just go; you can't let the laundry pile up. You have to curate your possessions ruthlessly. You have to organize your papers perfectly so that you can locate your 2012 taxes, passport, or that receipt at a moment's notice. Most adults have to work at developing this skill. It is the rare child who has the remotest interest in this skill, let alone the capacity for it. In short, this is how I see it. In the past, kids lived sod huts in the woods or tepees or tenements, but this is not the past. Those kids of history were living in an environment in which everybody else was in similar conditions, so they were adapted to that. Some of those kids were made stronger in some sense, but many did not thrive. Your son lives in a day and age and culture in which his companions will be watching TV, playing with toys, participating in sports, riding their bikes, and playing video games. Much as you and I might decry the detritus of the modern age, or we find the vulgarity of television and the repetitive violence of some video games off putting, the reality is that sheltering our kids from these things does not save them from their effects; it only isolates them from their peers. Kids use chatter about popular culture, sports, and toys as a way of relating to each other. Maybe one of us should do an AskReddit about what it was like for kids who were sheltered from these things. My unscientific impression, gleaned from reading and anecdotes, is that such children tended to resent the isolation that comes from feeling weird and out of it. Kids need friends. Moving around is awful and can be a risk factor for depression or isolation for some kids who aren't very socially adept. Kids need stuff. No, they don't need a McMansion full of stuff, but you are living in a modern society, so your kid will need at least a box full of toys, a computer and printer, some sports equipment, and a variety of school supplies. Even if you possess the minimum of these things that you can get away with, all this will take up space. To help your kid socialize, you want him to be able to invite a friend or two over for sleepovers. In a trailer based tiny house, I don't see that happening. Kids make messes until they are developmentally capable of being tidy and organized, which might not happen until their early twenties (think of college). The smaller the living space, the more you will either have to clean up after him or nag him to clean up. I have two close people in my life who grew up moving a lot and having to ruthlessly cull their possessions. My bestie was the child of migrant workers, and was only allowed to keep whatever items could fit in her pillowcase. My sister-in-law was a military child with a very strict mother who threw out most of their things every time they moved. Both women were profoundly affected by their childhoods. They have complex relationships with their mothers, and they regard their childhoods as a hardship to overcome. Neither look upon their childhoods very fondly. Both strived hard to earn as much as they could, and both now live in large houses. As a toddler, your son is currently focused on what makes him happy or sad at the moment. This will quickly change. By the time he is in kindergarten, he will start making friends and wanting to socialize. He will be increasingly rambunctious, he will want toys, and he will, over time, grow increasingly resentful of a mother who chooses what he will regard as a lifestyle of self-denial and transience. I think you should abandon this plan of trailing a disinterested father. You need a two bedroom living situation, or at least a one-bedroom where you sleep on the sofa if you're super desperate, and the boy gets the room. There is a happy medium between McMansion materialism and transient, unstable poverty. Stay near your family. Let your boy have some space and a box of toys, games, and books. Let him have the best of a normal, modern childhood (it's not all bad). Let him have friends for keeps. Try to make your house the one his friends want to come to. Let him have a pet, if he wants. Take some pressure off yourself. Save up for your tiny trailer home for when he turns 18. Who knows, maybe he'll want to join you.
Just adding to the pile-on. Woman, ADHD-PI, diagnosed in my 40s. ADHD was the first thing that came to mind when I read your post. If this is the case, be prepared for a lot of disbelief and people running on about how everybody has adhd because of modern life and how kids are misdiagnosed becase they aren't allowed to be kids anymore and shitty parenting blah blah blah. It's not fun. However, you have to understand that no matter how hard you try, you can't stop being who you are. It may also be that he, too, has a form of ADHD. He manages his environment ruthlessly in order to not feel overwhelmed by clutter in his visual field. He overfocuses on the XBox. Who knows. For your own sake, it would be good to start this journey to learn if this is what's going on, and if so, how to manage it. There's medication, which trust me, is not the mortal sin people make it out to be if it helps. There are certain practices that can help tremendously, too. For instance, I have a hook by the door and my purse goes on the hook the minute I walk in the door, no exceptions. My keys are on a carabiner that clip onto the purse, or onto my belt loop, no exceptions. However, this is /r/relationships, so we have to deal with your husband's coldness. I'm sorry, honey, but I'm a little worried about that one. The two of you have been together for most of your adult lives. Maybe it's just over for him. If it wsa just your disorganization that was the problem, you might have a guy reacting with frustration, but loving at other times, or appreciative when you do make an effort. I don't know if your husband is self absorbed, if he thinks a woman should be a maid, or what. I'm saying, start the journey to see if you have ADHD for your own sake. But you are who you are. Maybe it's time to have a sit down with your husband and ask him point blank if he is still in love with you and if he still wants to be married. You're looking for a Yes. If he says Yes, then off to couples counseling you go. It can't be all on one person. If he acts like everything's your fault, that's not acceptable.
The situations are completely different. In that thread, what was concerning was erratic behavior and verbal abuse from both parties. Even assuming the wife didn't want the husband in the kitchen, the obscenities yelled in front of the children is unacceptable for married partners and parents. Housework was the least of those people's issues.
I want to second what /u/davisdoglady said about therapy for all. This little boy has been through a lot what with a druggie, unstable mother, seeing drug use, a revolving door of skanky guys, and now his mother being jailed. Spend some time reading about child development and temperament. There is little understanding in our society about what constitutes normal child behavior. Furthermore, all kids are different, and furthermore, this poor kid has surely experienced very little stability or consistency. He may have odd behaviors like food hoarding. He may have a hard time believing or trusting adults because of having been lied to so much. He may be a bit wild or immature for his age. Learn as much as you can about what you're getting into, what to expect, and what to do about it.
That's not true in all cases. In California, they put the couple's financials into a computer program called the Dissomaster that the court is obliged to follow (unless the parties voluntarily agree to some other deal). The program runs the same no matter what the gender of the people involved, even if they're same sex, whatever.
Are you actually bringing up that tired old lazy Mexican stereotype? Because if you had actually lived in California, you would now how absolutely untrue that is.
Hmmm...idk about New Mexico, but in Cali life is expensive and you better be on point, at least when it comes to business and work, or you'll find yourself under a bridge abutment.
Ask the first friend if you could attend part of her next session with her. Tell the second friend that she needs to seek professional help. It would be like her saying to you all the time, "That cancer sure hurts like hell," expecting you to make it better, while not seeing a doctor. Then you get a scalpel and some bandages and poke around in there because you feel bad and she is reaching out to you. I wonder if you aren't trying to compensate for your friend who died by trying to rescue these two. It is exhausting and terrible, I know from experience. Everybody deserves some mercy and a helping hand now and then, so they can *help themselves up*. If that's not enough, if your friends are doing this every day, something is wrong. Either they are not taking responsibility for their own lives, or they are not open to the changes they need to heal and get stronger, or they are attention seekers, or something. Whatever it is, you need to shut this down. You are not doing them or yourself any favors. At this rate they are going to drag you down with them. You have the right to protect your own mental health. Talk to their therapists, school counselors, family, SOs, whatever they have. Stop letting them dump all over you and force them to deal with their problems appropriately.
This person does not love you. They like the convenience of having a friend with benefits. I hope you are not dependent on them economically. If so, please take immediate steps to remedy this. If not, please just leave. Don't ask permission, just leave. They are wasting your time. As long as you are tied up with this person, how will you ever meet anyone else?
Oh myy, you do flatter! I look forward to your response with interest.
I don't know if it's terrorism as much as an announcement that people need to pay attention to.
Explain?
It's easy. Take 10 to the 60 and go about 6 miles. Exit Findley, Garfield/Wilcox, or San Gabriel Blvd. and go south.
Nah you need to use his advice. Guys are visually oriented. If they see someone young, be it a heterosexual looking at women or a gay man looking at other young men, they will see a cute young thing and they will go for "it," it being You. You think you're a person? Lol the creeps of the world see an orifice in which to deposit their sperm. Welcome to legal adulthood. Be prepared to spend the next decade or so fending off creepers. I'm not saying all men are jerks, but the creepers and users burn through a disproportionate number of people. Now is the time to develop a tough exterior and learn to waste no time brushing off the horndogs who want to exploit you. You are smart and funny and articulate. You deserve somebody who appreciates all of you.
My ex husband would go silent. It wasn't too bad at first, but as the years went on it got worse...much worse. It ended with him having an affair and leaving my son and I abruptly. The silent treatment is cruel, childish, manipulative, and controlling. It has no place in any relationship, ever. You got a problem with me? If you don't have the balls to tell me, then fuck right off. If you don't have the communication skills to tell me what your issue is, then get therapy and stick with it until you do. No one over the age of 3 should ever expect another person to guess what they're thinking. Long term relationships are built on a basis of trust and open communication. Invite your fiancée to attend couples counseling with you. If she refuses, cut her loose and don't look back.
Dear OP: you do not need a taser; he will just use it on you. You need counseling and an exit plan.
Jesus, this situation is getting worse and worse.
Since everybody else on this thread has articulated the reasons why you should have nothing to do with this much better than I could, I want to address your family situation. If your mother and brother try to coerce you into going along with this, which means threatening your safety or well-being (including threats to throw you out of your house, or making you very uncomfortable in your own house), do not hesitate to call the police. Is there anyone else you can stay with? Any aunts, uncles, or grandparents who would be willing to look out for you independent of the influence of your mom or brother? If your father doesn't live with your mother, is staying with him an option?
Absolutely true!
The situation with your brother sounds heartbreaking and frustrating. You can't do anything about your parents or how they are with your brother. You can never force people to see the world your way or do things the way you think they should. Now that you are on the threshold of living on your own, this is the most valuable lesson you can learn. Your brother may have other developmental or psychological problems that feed into his cravings and eating disorder. The male hormones which are surging at this age aren't helping be any more pleasant, and on top of that, the diabetes will tend to make him more cranky or moody. He is using the sports hobby as a blunt tool to control everything. As he gets older--not until his twenties at best-- he may gain the impulse control to eat better and treat people better, but you never know. Meanwhile, you can expect this behavior to continue into the foreseeable future. So you can't control your brother, and you can't make your parents fix this. They are clearly overwhelmed and aren't going to change what they are doing either. It's up to them to make whatever choices they make, and you have zero control over that. All you can control is yourself. You don't have to put up with your brother's aggression. I don't recommend that you ignore it. One thing you can try is you can speak to him in a calm moment. Tell him that you are proud of all he's accomplished with picking a sport and sticking to it. Tell him you wish you two could have a better relationship, and tell him that you feel hurt and angry when he comments on your eating choices and your body. Tell him that you promise not to talk about his eating choices or his health with your parents, and that you recognize that it's his business. Ask him if that seems like a fair deal, and stick with it. Finally, tell him that you love him, you just want him to have a healthy and happy life, and that you hope you can have a better relationship before you leave home. Going forward, resist the temptation to criticize his eating or exercise either to him or your parents. Hopefully, this may mitigate his impulse to retaliate by criticizing you. If he does criticize you, remind him of your deal, and ask him not to worry himself about your choices you make with food and your body, just as you are not criticizing him to your parents anymore. Then if he persists, leave the room, even if the whole family is at dinner. If he follows you or keeps at it, leave the house and take a walk. Maybe you're already doing this, but you may want to spend more time out of the house doing outside activities, such as working, volunteering, finding a social hobby or club, and spending time with your friends. **TL;DR:** You have no influence over your brother's eating choices, health, or your parents' reaction to him. You can control yourself and your own reactions. Refuse to put up with nagging or bullying from your brother. Find things to do outside of your home.
As far as your body, this is a time when a little willful ignorance goes a long way. After your daughter is born, if plan on breastfeeding and if that works out ok for you, you will be burning off as many calories just hanging out and caring for the baby as you would having a two hour hardcore gym session, so don't worry too much as long as you are eating healthily.
That's fantastic news! I love this thread because my parents suffered from hearing loss for a couple of decades and it really impaired my relationship with them. It got so it was painful to call them because our conversations were so difficult and awkward. Now that they've passed, I feel sad about that. I would urge you to definitely go to the audiologist with him, and ask a ton of questions. Think in terms of what could possibly feel wrong or uncomfortable about your dad. After the appointment, take your dad out to a nice lunch and pour on the daughterly love bomb to reward him for taking this step. Make sure to review with him everything the audiologist said about what might be difficult, how to get used to the aids, and when to go back to the audiologist for check ups or fine tuning. Then do everything in your power to help him follow up and stick to the instructions. Make sure his expectations are set realistically. Everytime he is wearing his hearing aids, give him a good word or a hug--you're going for positive reinforcement. Try to get your mom on board to help you with the positive reinforcement. My mom was the naggy type and I know how ingrained that habit can get! But if you can convince her to not just dial back the nagging, but do something positive, even a thank you, hopefully that can help. Good luck!
"Provide for her?" Is this the 19th century? If she wants more wealth and the finer things, she can work on her career and earn them herself. I feel contemptuous of this woman and I haven't even met her.
If this girl really had some life experience, she would value your fiscally responsible attitude. I'm sorry to say that I don't see a promising future for this relationship. I'm also sorry to say that if she breaks up with you over this, she could well find herself with a man who blows his money trying to impress her and then winds up in chronic debt. Don't change your mentality towards money for this woman, no matter how hot she is. No matter how much money you have, it's mind blowing how fast it can go. Stick with your responsible ways and find a girl who wants to be a partner instead of a trophy.
Seriously....what part of the South is this woman from? My mom, four sisters, and several thousand cousins are from the South and if you call out a given name at a family reunion, at least four people answer. This woman sounds like a toxic person best avoided. Your parents don't want to face up to the fact, because Southerners are all about family. Unfortunately your sister is not. She has said some things that can't be unsaid even if she wanted to, which obviously she doesn't. She was no doubt looking for an excuse to cut ties with you, which now she has. In other news, this isn't about politics either. If she were a good feminist, she would be supporting your wife instead of trying to tear her down.
Yeah your sister's attitude is unacceptable. She sounds like a straight up nasty person.
They don't have to be that expensive, especially if you're in financial crisis.
&gt; I just like to make everyone happy Let me gently suggest that "I just like to make everyone okay" may be a more helpful attitude for an adult with a family. There will be plenty of times when making everyone happy is neither achievable nor desirable.
Walter White is positively satanic. He is self centered to the extent of a sociopath and thinks nothing of destroying people to serve himself and himself alone. He has great insight into manipulating others, but lacks insight into his own self centeredness. He actually thinks he's doing his family a favor. I went into this little diatribe because it speaks volumes that your father views Walter White as a sympathetic character. I'm so sorry that you have to go through this. You do not deserve this. Your father is responsible for your conception and existance, whether or not he wants to admit it. Your mother may have believed that she was doing the best she could by keeping the family together. It may be cathartic to talk it over with her, but it's a gamble. Maybe it will bring the two of you closer, but she may say something that hurts you worse. Google Childhood Emotional Neglect and see if there is anything that helps you understand your life there. Everyone deserves their parents' love, full stop. You are, emotionally speaking, fatherless. It may be hard to explain to some people, but that's what it is.
Is Thor getting UVB light daily, either from the sun or from a UVB lamp? Go to grocery greens are radicchio, endive, and arugula. Minimize kale and spinach. You can also sprout tortoise friendly greens from seeds obtainable from [Tortoise Supply](http://www.tortoisesupply.com/SeedMixes). They also have [many good alternatives](http://www.tortoisesupply.com/TortoiseFood) for tortoise-appropriate chow. Not all dried tortoise foods are created equal, but Mazuri is especially highly regarded. Romaine and iceberg lettuce leaves are not very nutritious. Fruits, carrots, and tomatoes are relatively high in sugar and hence not good for your tortoise. Feeding "sweets" on a regular basis can compromise your tortoise's health and ruin his taste for proper food. Another thing you should do is sprinkle his food with some [calcium powder](http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B00061UWJM?vs=1). Also, make sure he has sufficient clean water at all times. You should do some research on different plants that your tortoise could eat. Most do harm but there are some surprising plants that are quite healthy, such as succulents, de-spined nopal cactus, Jamaica flowers, and rose petals (as long as the rose wasn't sprayed with chemicals). [The Tortoise Table](http://thetortoisetable.org.uk) has a [plant database](http://m.thetortoisetable.org.uk/m/plant_database_14.asp) where you can see the fitness of a huge number of plants for inclusion in your tortoise's diet.
I was thinking Thor might be a marginated, but I might be wrong. OP, this is excellent advice, right here.
You both grew up, and you owning your own business and managing 30 employees has also made you more confident. Confidence is sexy. Maybe that's part of it? It sounds like you're in love, so nothing you can do about that--just try to keep your eyes open for greedy behavior. If you feel pushed in any way--especially if she's pushing you do buy her things or spend money you weren't ready to spend-- please think twice.
[Here's a horror story](http://www.tortoiseforum.org/threads/another-dog-story.45850/) in case you need more convincing. Tortoises are the consummate prey animal, sad but true. I personally know quite a few people who have lost their tortoises to dogs, cats, rats, coyotes, etc. We have to be careful out there.
I'm glad you had a justice porn moment; you deserve it. But be carefue around MIL and SIL. They do not sound like a good combination. SIL sounds like she has the emotional development of a three-year-old, and MIL (as well as others, perhaps) have a habit of appeasing her for incomprehensible reasons. Stay tuned for more exciting adventures coming from this dynamic duo.
If you have been in committed relationships since you were 13, it might not be such a bad idea to take a break. As long as you are afraid to be alone, you will not be able to make level headed judgments about potential partners. Clearly you have no problems attracting a mate if you want to. Give yourself a break, get your confidence up.
&gt; he works with children as an outdoor instructor Dear God...that is not an appropriate line of work for an abusive person
You can't change him. You can't fix him. You can't wish this away. He has become a menace to himself, and to you and the baby. It doesn't matter how unreasonable or unfair this all is--he is the only one on the world who can battle his addiction. The words you say make no difference. The words he says make no difference. Unfortunately, the man you fell in love with is imprisoned deep inside of an alcoholic. This may never end until he dies horribly of cirrhosis of the liver or a car accident. I hope he doesn't take you or your child with him. There are medications that can help someone who is *already committed to quitting.* But honestly, I think you need to leave this man and let him decide whether or not he wants to sort this problem out. Otherwise, you are doing yourself or your child no favors.
&gt; she seems to accept responsibility/blame for everything without question, and I wouldn't be at all surprised if she interpreted any kind of negative emotion on Jack's part as directed at her I think you nailed the central issue. Poor OP regards herself as a "mistake." Maybe that's why she feels like her own needs are irrelevant to the point where she thinks nothing of taking damage to herself to keep Scylla and Charybdis from striking each other. Whereas the people saying that Jack will be mad at OP have a point, they are probably just making her feel even more paralyzed with guilt. The fact is that Brian sweet talked her into that stupid deal with the furniture when she an orphan of only 20, maybe even 19. At the time Brian was 32 or 33. Can you imagine the power differential? How many if us would have been able to tell that shit head no when we were 19 or 20? I sure wouldn't have. /u/bellsathrowaway, you are a victim here. The blame for being in this situation is about 95% Brian's. Now that you have us to take the role your parents might be taking were they around to see what was going on, you kniw better. Please takeep this to Jack--even if he gets mad.
Was he cheated on by the girlfriend, or did she leave him because he was abusive and controlling and he chose to interpret that as cheating? By the age of 30, a person should be intelligent enough to understand that if one person cheats, that doesn't mean that every single other person of the same gender behaves identically. And no, trust doesn't have to be earned, you're not a wayward teenager for fuck's sake. Trust should be assumed unless proven otherwise. Count me in with the people who think that your family lives you and wants to spare you the horrors of an escalating abusive relationship. I don't think you have it in you to pay any attention to our advice, so please, hold on to these 3 things for me: 1.) When you're ready to leave, your family **will** be there to support you, no matter what lies he may say; 2.) You don't ever deserve to be hurt physically, verbally, emotionally, or in any other way, no matter what he says; 3.) When you need to get out, contact RAINN.
You should probably not have the baby. The baby will make it much harder to leave him on a variety of levels. That's probably why he discouraged you from using birth control, and why he didn't use a condom. If you go through with the pregnancy, when you're ready to try leaving, he will tell lies and use the baby against you. He will guilt trip you saying that you want the baby to grow up without a father. Don't listen to these lies. If you read any thread about abuse on here, children of abusive relationships always weigh in and they **always** say that it would be better not to grow up witnessing one parent abusing the other. It screws up the children in so many ways. Do not stay in an abusive relationship for the sake of the child. The thinking should be that you should leave for the sake of the child. But really, this baby is going to be a tie to an abusive, manipulative criminal, and will make it much harder to complete your education, hold down a job, and enjoy your young adulthood.
That 5% colors everything, though. It never leaves your mind, does it? You're always waiting for the shoe to drop, am I right? Supposing you had just opened a delicious bottle of priceless wine. Just as you are about to pour yourself a glass, somebody drops a tiny piece of shit into the bottle. Even if the shit were 1% of the volume of the bottle, you wouldn't want to drink even a drop of that wine, would you? It wouldn't be worth it.
&gt; says terrbile things to the kids like, 'I wish you were never born' Wow... I'm so sorry, but this changes everything. Take these recordings to a lawyer. You need to get yourself and the kids out, now. No more counseling or talk of therapy (except for you and the kids). She had her chance. You need to save the kids.
Well, if your wife gives a shit about staying married to you, she should agree to go to counselling with you and leave these racist pieces of shit behind. It sounds like she is thrilled to have a circle of friends finally. She might be a racist herself. If she is nor a racist, and is just oblivious with a terrible self esteem and hence a warped sense of what a circle of friends should or should not do, there is hope. Otherwise, if she refuses to see how disrepectful both her friends' and her behavior was, I'm sorry to say that you're done. Edit: on phone, spell is hard
Sorry, I could barely follow this post with all the back and forth, but here's my take: Miranda sounds like some of her introversion is fueled by anxiety. Her not being able to drive, or nor being able to drive on highways, is the clue. I'm sure shes a lively person, but the anxiety is making her world smaller and smaller, and it's going to make yours smaller and smaller, until you are going to have to choose between Miranda and living your life. You are both still very young and you should not be in a relationship that restricts you from having fun (I'm not saying this to blame or hate on Miranda, but my experience with people with anxiety. If you really love her and she is as wonderful as you say, she needs to start coping with her anxiety. This means counseling and meds. It is a serious condition that cripples lives. Next, any social plans complicated enough where I would have to draw charts and diagrams to understand it has a high probability of not working out. In the future, don't make plans that elaborate. Some things can't happen, the end. Also, any plans that require people to make long ass drives late at night after possibly drinking are unsafe. I have on occasion made promises like your sister with all good intentions, but I can get super sleepy behind the wheel even if I haven't been drinking. Finally: As soon as you get your health insurance squared away, get your tonsils out, because fuck strep.
Is the boy in any sort of counseling? If not, he needs it, stat. His level of anger, his penchant for hurting people, and being friendless makes it sound like he has problems that ordinary parents might have a very hard time disciplining their way out of using ordinary methods. Also, the courts take parental alienation very seriously. Can your boyfriend take that issue back to court? Does he have any proof of what ex-wife had been saying?
OP, please listen to /u/sleepyintoronto. There is a lot of terrible advice in here about punishments and being the alpha from people who have no clue what they're talking about. This kid's behavior is unacceptable, and he is clearly hurting a lot. He needs intensive and sensitive intervention from mature, well educated adults stat, because he is about to become too big to control, or his behavior will escalate to the point that your only recourse will be calling the poilce.
He is sweet to you because he wants to maintain his living situation. As soon as I read that he had been evicted, all the buzzers went off, and everything you indicated thereafter just reinforced that this guy is a mooch in every sense. You have no future with a guy who makes twice what you do and still manages to get evicted, not to mention the problematic kids. I know you're attached to him, but he is a user and he will pull you down with him. Give him 30 days' notice and plug up your ears when he whines and cries that he has nowhere to go.
You got pregnant within 3 months--we're either of you even using birth control? Do you have a job? What does it pay? Does it pay enough to support you? Does it pay enough to support you and the baby? Do you have enough in savings to support you for the 6 weeks that you're at home after giving birth (assuming no medical complications)? You do know that family leave in the U.S. is not paid, right? Have you called up various day cares in your area and asked how much they cost? Do you have your own place yet? Do you have reliable transportation? Do you have health insurance? Have you thought these things through and run the numbers, or were you just thinking, "abortion bad, baby good?" Do you really want to be a good parent? Do not bring a child into a lonely, financially chaotic life.
But you know, there is an imperfect method of birth control available to men...the good ol' condom. If she's pregnant after only 3 months, it seems that neither OP nor boyfriend were using ANY form of birth control. They are both stupid children.
It's hard to learn about a savings account disappearing like that, but it's even worse that your wife is stonewalling and making a drama about a tangential issue (you telling your parents) instead of the real issue. I recommend that you not get a new car until you work out what's going on with any credit accounts you might not know about or any crazy balances on known credit cards. If your wife refuses to communicate with you directly and honestly, I'm afraid that your only recourse is marriage counseling and then to cut ties if she refuses. You cannot spend the rest of your life with someone who is financially untrustworthy.
&gt; I'm sure my ex could list of numerous things about me that he wasn't keen on that I never would have even taken into consideration or been aware of. Yeah, but that's on him to actually tell you using grown up words.
Yeah, this guy is a first class mansplainer. As is your husband, sorry. Neither have a clue. Please, for the baby's sake if not your own, tell him no and that's final. Hopefully he's not the type to drag you to the car by force.
Kids are often shitty people because they are not fully formed yet. Step one is to take a deep breath and realize that the entire purpose of being alive is to grow, develop, and learn new things. You grew up enough to come to this realization. Now it's time to take the next step and stop wallowing in you having been an ignorant child. News flash, kids are ignorant. Stop making a huge deal out of this conversation you are going to have. Pick up the phone, call your brother, bring this memory up, and say you're sorry. Blurt it out fast and simply so that your mind doesn't have time to stop you. What's stopping you is that you fear that your brother might be as angry with you as you are with yourself. If he is, it would hurt, but you would be in the same boat you are now: hi on Christmas and birthdays, but at least you can know that you did the honorable thing. Or, he might say, yeah that hurt, but he might only be a little mad about it in the present. You will feel hurt, again, but in this case you have opened the door to a better relationship. Or, for all you know, he might have largely rationalized it as little kids being shitty. For all you know, he would love to have a better relationship with you, but has been waiting for you to open the door. I don't see a bad outcome to you making that call. The absolute worst case is that things stay pretty much as they are, but you have the satisfaction of having attempted an atonement. The more likely scenario is that you start the process of getting closer to your brother. If you are so stuck about making this phone call that you can't do it within a day or two, maybe you should see a counselor to work through whatever is holding you back.
I discovered it myself by accident--I had been covering up a plantar's wart on my foot with duct tape because I had run out if bandaids and kept forgetting to get them. One day the thing just peeled off, yay! Then my son got one, I took him in to the pediatrician, and she told me about the research. Google "planter's wart duct tape." I am still concerned about your father telling you to essentially tough out a painful medical problem. Even if you fix this wart situation, the next issue may not be so simple, and many medical problems can get very serious very quickly if left untreated. It is never fair to call someone a hypochondriac and mock them if they have an issue. A parent who does this is not doing their job. They deserve to have another adult ask them to step up their game, and you deserve appropriate medical care.
Imagine somebody writing in to say that their spouse makes them wear the clothes that they pick out, screams at them all the time, makes them obey a curfew, and that they have to keep silent and never say anything back in order to keep some semblance of peace. There would be a barrage of replies telling you to leave this person and cut all contact. If you have been on here any length of time, you know this is true. If you are paying the entire apartment, you need to stop so that you can save for a security deposit on your own place, or maybe you can take out a small loan. If she has access to your bank account, open a new, secret one and have your pay deposited into it. DO NOT tell your mother what you are doing until you get the place. Then get a couple of friends or hired hands to get your stuff out in one afternoon. Your mother cannot legally stop you from leavong, or from accessing your stuff. If she tries to do so, you can call the police. Next, just because your mother blows up your phone does not oblige you to answer it. You should get a new phone with a new number that your mother does nor know. Only use the old phone to call your mother. If she gets combative or abusive, hang up and turn the phone off. At 57, she should be supporting herself. If she wanted you to stick around, she should treat you decently. **There is no excuse for abuse.** I can imagine that it will be terribly hard for you to follow this advice. Even after you manage to get out, you should get counseling to help you undo the damage that she has done and learn to assert your rights in relationships. You do not want to end up with a man who treats you similarly.
It's not up to any "they" whether or nor she stays with you, so don't let them think you're an option. If she has a personality disorder, you do not have a great future as a couple. She will continue to cheat and manipulate you. Better for you to leave now, while she is still under professional care for a while and before firm plans have been made, than a decade from now, after suffering a horrible relationship out of pure obligation.
If she has a personality disorder, she probably isn't getting better. That's the way she is.
1.) Throw away all women's magazines, particularly the ones about some rich starlet looking like a skinny stick with perfect hair several minutes after giving birth, because fuck those people. They are lying. 2.) If you are that concerned about being healthy, lay off refined sugar and other shit food. 3.) If you are breastfeeding, you are burning off the same amount of energy as someone climbing a mountain every single day. 4.) If you really want to exercise, carry around a 10-15 pound weight all day and night. Oh, wait, you're already doing that. If you insist on doing another exercise, do some kegels. 5.) If you insist on doing more exercise, fucking **DON'T.** Do you want to get mastitis? Because overexerting yourself is how you get mastitis. Do a Google search on it. It is not a fucking joke. 6.) Seriously, NO exercise regimen until you hit about 4 months at least. Then start with something chill like walking. It took you nine months to create a human being and then expel him or her from your vagina. 7.) If anyone is pressuring you to lose weight, get skinny, get moving, or stop being lazy, expunge that person from your life, because they suck. Surround yourself with people who support you in being a parent. The main reasons why parents gain weight stem fromhealth problems, overeating sugary, over refined junk food, and mostly, from abandoning exercise during their child's infancy and childhood. That's right, the real weight gain usually happens because babies, toddlers, and small children are very demanding and people stress eat and don't exercise. So this is not the period of time to worry about being fat. This is the time to allow you body to rest and recuperate. Get back into shape staring when the baby starts solid foods, and keep up with a healthy diet and exercise routine during the kid's demanding years.
A lesson I learned in the past few years with my ex-husband's constant moves while we were martied, the divorce, and my parents' deaths last year--there is little happiness in things, including property, and there is a time when you need to let go of your things to be okay. You can't put it to your father this way, of course. But the property is not the same as his wife. His wife lives on in his memories. No object or property can take the place of his wife. Staying on the property and clinging to old things that hace served their purpose will not bring her back. Leaving property and objects behind will not destroy what is most imortant, his love and memories. This is a long, elaborate way of saying that he needs to leave this oversized property that is too much work to care for him by himself. He needs to sell it, and most of the objects, and move somewhere nice and small enough for just him to take care of. He has no idea how much lighter and cleaner his soul will feel. As for lazy-ass brother, he can figure his own shit out. So that's your job--to try to convince your father to leave the old place behind.
I'm sorry, but your girlfriend sounds like a horrible person. I have had experience with self centered people like this. The whole premise of the relationship is Her. You are not allowed to have needs. In fact, her treatment of you shows that in her mind, you barely exist except as a Thing that Gives. She is the ultimate taker. You can go on and wait for her to magically see the light and change into a normal, nice person, but if you do, I guarantee that you will be sucked dry. You are a nice, giving person who enjoys caring for others. I may be wrong, but I'll warrant that much of your love for her is because caring for such a needy person makes you feel adult and important. I don't mean to put you down--quite the opposite, I think this shows that you are interested in shouldering adult levels of responsibility. However, this girl is a toxic person who has you dancing like a chained bear every time she hits the tambourine. This relationship is hurtful and you need to get out and find a woman who wants to love and take care of you as much as you do her.
I know the feeling of having that impulse to get a pet, but the number 1 concern should be the animal itself--if it were to be confiscated, it would probably be pit down.
Are you not allowed to assert yourself with her, tell her something you want or don't want? Because that would be a dealbreaker. Does she get ragey or something?
To the immediate problem: check out Captain Awkward's posting, “I want to break up, but partner is in the middle of painful life stuff and it doesn’t feel like the right time. What do I do?” Moving forward: this relationship got off on a terrible footing because ever since you asked for an open relationship, the boundaries about seeing other people were blurry and violated on both sides. I my experience, most of the time that people have an established relationship and ask to open it, the end result is one or both people being hurt. It doesn't work for most people. If you think you may truly be poly, I suggest that you spend some quality time talking to other poly to see how poly folks find each other and make their relationships work.
&gt; he refuses to get treatment for his issues of any kind. I'm afraid if I agree to get back with him, it will happen again due to that. You're absolutely right. &gt; And I feel like he was really out of line. Yes. &gt; But he's distraught that I broke up with him and he claims I abandoned him. Because you should have totally remained in a relationship in which someone ignores you and insults you for reaching out. /s And the thing about moving to your city: When my brother and I were little kids, like, 5 and 8, if he wanted to get back at me for something, he would say, "I was going to give you a present, but now I'm not." So that's about the level of that manipulation, that of a grade school child. You leaving him is the best thing that could happen to both of you. It might wake him up enough to seek therapy. Bw, don't take him back if he calls and says that he saw the therapist one single time and now he's seen the light and has totally changed. Neither Rome nor sanity get built in a day. The most likely outcome is that he will find another online girl to hone his manipulation skills on, if he isn't working on the next already--because the usual reason why people suddenly go cold is that they've met someone new.
Yeaaaaaaah--this "social worker" is some rando your uncle put up to bully your mom. IANAL but I have recently dealt with some deaths in the family--to my knowledge, your mom has no legal obligation to pay for anything. Edit: since you already know that, it looks like you are already doing the awesome thing and taking over for your mom, and she is wisely letting you. She is probably breaking down because of not being able to say good bye to her mother. So, I guess your options might include you and your mom flying out there anyway and getting a police escort to the house under the guise of a welfare check so she can say her final goodbye safely, and you encouraging her to seek grief counseling.
Stay away. Go no contact. Take care of yourself. You should probably see your doctor and file a police report. Even if they don't do anything, a paper trail needs to be started. Promises to go to therapy mean nothing. Promises to do better mean nothing. Nothing she says will have any meaning, because even if she really does care, which is questionable, no one gets over an ingrained habit like that in less than months to years. Leave her, block her, don't look back. Supposing you bought a car that was a fixer upper. Supposing you found out one day that the car's electrical system had a complex problem that would cause the car to randomly stop dead on the highway (true story). You don't keep trying with a car that could hurt or kill you, you get rid of that shit in a hot minute. Don't keep trying with this abusive woman. You owe her nothing. Her assault, her responsibility.
Just so you know--a father can't simply sign his rights away. According to the law, he is obliged to pay child support. It isn't up to you. The only way for him to sign his rights away would be if anot her partner legally adopted the baby. IANAL though, and this applies in general to the U.S.
Honey, I'm sorry, but a guy who gets into fights, is under house arrest for a year, and does drugs is not going to be a good partner for you. There were many ways he could have reacted to protect his mother without resorting to physical violence sufficient to put him under house arrest for a year. Your gesture was unimaginably sweet, but honestly you should let this one go.
Discount liposuction, inquire outside!
I'm so sorry. This is completely awful. You know everything you need to know: he cheated and gaslighted (gaslit?) you, spent family money on his lover, and was intending to do so for the next 18 years while living a lie and abandoning his child, or leaving you on stealth. What an utter worm. Lawyer up, hit the gym, get tested for STDs, reach out to family and friends. Don't be surprised if they get married in a hot minute after you kick the wander to the curb. Have a box of tissues and pint of quality alcohol and ice cream ready. Do not wallow any longer than it takes to finish these off.
Basically, what you have given him here is permission to completely ignore this issue for another year. Why invest anot her year in a relationship which is clearly as frozen as an insect in amber? Baby, he's not that into you. And for the love of God, **do not loan him a bunch of money for a car.** It will make it that much harder for you to break up with him, which I think you should, because you have thrown away your 20s on a guy who couldn't give a rat's ass about you.
I don't know, it's a hell of a dilemma, but the reality is that many people, including myself, are allergic to cats, and if you're exposed to an allergen constantly, it gets worse. In my case, being around a cat gives me severe asthma. Once I went to a house party in which the hosts had done a deep cleaning just in case people like me showed up. It somehow made everything worse, and within an hour, all I could think about was trying to breathe. I was stuck there because the whole point of the party was a concert in which my husband at the time was playing a composition of his with a string quartet. I had to sit through it and be polite while the only thing I could think of was taking my next breath. It was absolute hell. You cannot put your roommate through this. Find a temporary foster home for the cat, pay for a professional deep cleaning of the place, and save up for your own space.
There is a very ingrained pattern established of your parents appeasing him out of fear, and they have no tools to change anything until or unless he either seriously hurts or kills someone or does major property damage and the decision is taken from them. Right now, the first and only step is for them, as in your parents, to go to therapy to learn to assert boundaries, and to have a series of steps they can take when he starts to escalate. They can't change anything on their own.
Maybe he didn't realize he was that allergic. People's reactions can change over time. You might be right. It's an awful situation.
&gt; I refuse to give in to her abuse anymore, but I want to have my mom involved as messed up as that sounds. It's not messed up, it's thinking that the mother she could be will emerge from the smoldering pile of crazy. I don't think that will happen. She may well have just texted you only because your Dad told her off, who knows. But that woman who verbally abused you back there? That's your mother. Supposing you're reading a thread about someone whose spouse spoke to them that way. You'd be thinking, wow, that person needs to get the hell out and move forward. Your mom cannot be involved with the wedding, plain and simple. You need to take 100% of the power away from her. The only power she gets is to decide whether or not to attend. Here's how to make your life simple. Do you want to marry this guy? Plan something simple that can be executed, say, in a month, or maybe next June. You, he, and a couple of friends figure out how it works. You and husband-to-be finance it 100%. Tell your mother that your wedding is off the table. Book a room in a restaurant for the reception. Finish the semester. Send out invitations to a done and planned deal. If your mother verbally abuses you at any point in this process, feel free to uninvite her, or give one chance and then uninvite if you feel charitable. If your mother does attend, appoint somebody to handle her that in case she begins to behave badly. That person can escort her out of call the cops if necessary. Hopefully you can talk this part over with your dad ahead of time. Get married, be happy. EDIT: Use your own money, even if the reception is hamburgers on paper plates in a friend's back yard.
If he is masturbating in bed next to you and doesn't want to make love, that looks pretty bad for your relationship. If you don't want to both try for some kind of Hail Mary counseling, end it and no regrets. It was nice while while it lasted, but you owe him nothing. About your career, you are probably being abused as a resident. No sleep plus verbal abuse plus overwork means chronic stress. You know better that I what that does to a person. It's an outmoded custom that is supposed to make you a better doctor, but really has many components of a hazing ritual. So suspend your judgments about your career until you get through the hazing. Trust me, after all this work, do you want to go to a minimum wage life of economic instability? That would be like your residency, but for the rest of your life. So, tell yourself that this isn't forever. Get through the residency, become a doctor, pay off the loans, and then, from a place of security, plan your next move. Oh, and step 1? Call off the wedding.
&gt; I get distracted easily in conversations unless I am laser focused on whoever is talking which gets super exhausting. Get yourself tested for adult ADHD. That can do a number on your self-esteem because you always feel like you should be more than you are, and you can't understand what the problem is.
Yeah, meds are not evil, though I don't blame your mom, because thr amount of guilt tripping that parents of kids that have ADHD experience is enormous. You need to do whatever you need to do to function as an adult, experience close relations with people, and succeed on your job. ADHD can have subtle but profound effects on literally every aspect of your life. Please find a psychologist and psychiatrist to help you manage your llife, and join us over at /r/adhd.
Your GF sounds self-hating, and she has explicitly alienated your family. You're going back to India anyway. I honestly don't see a future in this relationship.
You don't think calling the cops will do any good, but you don't know. You gave developed a very codependent relationship with this man. You cannot stop a grown adult from doing something. You cannot control anyone else. You cannot save anyone else. For the sake of your son, you need to step back from this and focus on your son. While you are so sucked in to your husband's drama, you are not paying attention to your baby, whom you can control and whom you can raise into a strong, healthy, loving man. Please listen to what all the commenters are saying and call the police. They are strong people who are trained to deal in crises. They can work out what to do. Your job is to get him out of your house and start your new life on your own.
I came here to add, for the love of God, please go in to the bank and get his name off your account. If you are afraid of doing that, open a new account in just your name and transfer all but a few dollars out. If your father can take your money, he can destroy your life from another continent. Please do this now. Get up from the computer and go to the bank. Once this is done, he will have no real power to abuse you, personally.
Testicular cancer occurs in younger men, it can be very deadly if not caught early, and its treatment can involve cutting off one or more balls. Hopefully it's not that, but you need to tell him NOW, undramatically. "Hey, Booty Call, the other day I noticed a small lump in your testicles. Hopefully it's nothing, but you really need to get that checked out." Guys: be a squirrel, check your nuts.
I'm so sorry. I think you are having to face what kind of a person your mother really is. There is nothing in your post that indicates that she is capable of love or empathy. Please never forget that you deserve all the love and caring that the random strange woman showed you. Look for other people in your life who are good, loving people. Do you have a father or any other relatives whom you can turn to?
There's not much they can do, but they can be your family, because you don't have one on your mother.
The poor guy has probably zero experience with asking people out, and because of coming up in a closeted situation, zero way of knowing whether the person who he asks out will freak out, out him, beat him up, or what. Give him a little space, them make sure he knows that you are cool with him as a friend, and that if he wants to stay discreet about being gay, that his secret is safe with you. Maybe even ask him if you encounter anyone who is gay, would he like you to steer them his way.
Well, he has to win every argument, he believes that he is in control as a value he holds, he lies and manipulates, he sabotages your work, he starts pointless arguments over nothing and threatens to end the relationship over trivialities...this sounds like a living hell, and you aren't even married yet? And what about the thing where he'll show you what he really thinks of you on your wedding day? Given the context I don't think it's a sexy surprise he's talking about, I think that's the day he gives you your first black eye! Call the venue, cancel, call some friends and family, get them to help with a place to stay. Take them or police to get your essentials out. Do not spend another night under the same roof as this man.
This is the age at which many people develop serious mental illnesses. I think you should coordinate some people in your mutual friend group and enlist their help in a plan of action. It would be nice if several different people could have a unified message trying to talk him into seeing a mental health practitioner. You can give him the "it's not you, it's me" type of speech. You can tell him that you know that must hurt, and suggest that he see a counselor for depression, because that is a common thing that people do when they suffer a breakup. If you or anyone else hears him give a suicide threat, you can call the police. Afterwards, the mutual friends can check in on him and reinforce the message that it would be a great idea to see a therapist about any sad feelings stemming from a breakup. If any of them have done so themselves, so much the better.
Just get unenagged on FB. The people who care will reach out.
Repeat after me: people's lives on social media are not their real lives. If he has a sex addictikn, it's not going to go magically go poof and disappear. You feel worthless because this person rejected you. Well just because some person with problems walked away from a relationship with problems in order to start over and pretend they don't have problems doesn't mean that you are unlovable. It means that you were in a shitty relationship with a person with issues. It seems that this shitty relationship might have done some damage to your sense of self worth, though. Perhaps counseling is in order.
There's a saying around here: do not JADE (Justify, Argue, Defend, or Explain. "Sorry, as I said, I can't do it." Repeat that once, then don't respond further. If she gets mean or keeps pushing, block her.
&gt; The reason is because I am a man, and she is a lady. As a man, in order to be attractive to a lady, I have to check the right boxes. How very sad and limiting that you feel that way. My boyfriend supported his family from an early age, was in the army and saw action, was a policeman, was a professional wrestler after that, has faced death on several occasions, stands up for himself, does fantastic in the bedroom....I could go on, but is very manly in these sorts ways. He even has a mustache. He is also very expressive of emotion. I guess he's not hung up on proving himself manly. I find that the most attractive thing of all.
Sure, people get attracted to whatever. Actually in my bf's case I was attracted to that random whatever that attracts people to each other, but also his kind heart. I guess I was trying to provide a counterexample to your statement that a man showing emotion would cause a woman to lose her attraction to him. I think that showing emotions to each other is how a couple bonds. OP is not as close to her bf as she would like to be owing to him blocking off a whole aspect if himself to her. He then goes on to reveal that side to another woman. She wonders why she is missing out, and I would have to agree. Having emotions makes you a human. The ideas that it's manly to hide your emotions, but that women are weak and vulnerable, are terrible ideas that deserve to remain buried in the Mad Men era.
It's about how you handle what you have as much as what comes in. Your wife has a hard time saying no to these relatives with their hands out. Hence she ends up with little to show for it. This may be hard to negotiate, but she needs to get a handle on these moochers. I was in a marriage for years in which we gave money to my husband's family and I was okay with it. Felt like I was doing good. Trouble is, the people who are used to handouts don't care whether or not they clean you out. Because you always give when asked, they assume you have infinite money. I don't know the in and outs of your wife's family, but I'm sure they always have a dramatic story,.and of she ever tried to cut them off, they would just escalate the drama and make it all sound like her fault. So, in addition to you both seeing a financial planner, you need to speak with that person about what boundaries would be appropriate to set with these people, and if necessary, she or you both should go to a counselor for help with enforcing these boundaries. After all, if your wife is giving away her money, she is giving away both of your money. However, the pressure and guilt on her must be enormous.
If you're on board with giving them money, then maybe that should be shared. It might be a good idea to discuss with her how to put some limit on it. Can the mom or brother get on disability or SSI? Can they at least get on a waiting list for subsidized housing? Could you maybe buy them a small condo as long as you didn't think they would trash it? Does the brother really need to be supported at the same level as the mother? As long as nobody questions these things, the relatives (especially the brother) have zero incentive to change anything. But why should you take on a second job to essentially create enough breathing room in your family finances to support them?
I agree that there is way more chaos in your relationships than someone should normally experience. First I would agree that you do not seem to have any firm boundaries as to what constitutes a dealbreaker and minimum standards. I think you need to develop some. Good examples include: no drug use; no problem drinking (binge drinking, driving while legally intoxicated, having problems with your job because if drinking or hangovers, getting into fights or other stupid trouble because of drinking); no verbal or physical abuse, ever, not even once; if there is a mental illness, it is well managed, he is self aware, and is under the care of a competent professional; no criminal history; holds down a job commensurate with his abilities and is financially self sufficient; treats you well and goes out of his way to do kind and living things on a regular basis; is faithful with no physical or emotional cheating, nor any attempt to do so; keeps his word to the utmost of his ability in big and small things. That's a start. You history is riddled with men with untreated mental didorders, men who cheat, men who abuse drugs, and abuse. None of these things should be tolerated even the first time they manifest. I think it's great that you are questioning why this is happening. I think you should question why you put up with mustreatment. Do you have poor self esteem and think you don't deserve any better? Are you consistently seeking out fixer uppers? Was your parents' relationship so dysfunctional that you see these things as norms? Now, once you learn that certain behaviors are unacceptable, that's not the same as recognizing and seeking out healthy people. Really your goal is to seek out someone who is physically and mentally healthy, who is financially self sufficient and industrious at one or more endeavors, and most important of all, kind and loving. You need to: 1.) Leave this cruel and mentally ill man. 2.) Go into therapy. 3.) Stay out of the next relationship until the therapist gives the go ahead
When you leave, he will say he's sorry and will go to therapy and do better. Bullshit. His promises mean nothing until he's actually been in therapy for like, a year or more. He will say that it's your fault for letting your child suffer a broken home with no father. Bullshit. It's his fault for being abusive. Studies have shown that a child growing up witnessing this abuse will grow up thinking that it's normal for Daddy to do that to Mommy. She will suffer all the terrible effects of chronic stress (look them up--it actually shrinks the brain). She will resent the hell out of her father for doing this to you, and you for doing nothing to stop it, and internalize the hatred and rage she grows up with and suffer from lifelong mental illnesses such as depression and anxiety. He will tell you that what he does is your fault for (drinking, not ironing a shirt, not being smiley happy at all times, etc.). Bullshit. Being abusive is a choice he consciously makes. Most people never abuse anyone in their entire lives, not even once. If you are really afraid that he can still talk you out of it, back a bag with a few essentials, including your important documents, take yhe baby, and leave while he's out of the house. Get a new phone number so he can't blow up your phone with persuasions and threats. Do you have family and friends you can stay with?
From the sound of it, he is deteriorating. His physical health is probably affecting his mental acuity. If he is developing blockages in his arteries, that reduces his blood flow to his brain. It is also causing him to be depressed, thus reducing his motivation. You sound like a rare and amazingly compassionate group of people. Unfortunately, I can't imagine what would break this cycle other than him getting a major medical workup, bariatric surgery, and him making a personar commitment to getting himself and keeping himself in shape, which is out of your hands, and even then I don't know if this would undo the damage, or just keep it from getting worse.
His actions make it clear that for whatever reason, he's just not that into you. Stop debasing yourself by pursuing him, stalking his profile, going into incognito mide, driving by his place, whatever. If he wanted to be with you, he would have indicated so by now, and you wouldn't be feeling rejected. Shoot him a text and say that you had been hoping to see him after he got back. If he wants to continue the relationship, he should contact you by Friday. If not, it's been nice, so long and thanks for all the fish. That was an example. You could also just end it saying you've decided to move on, which doesn't give him any room to string you along. There's nothing wrong with ending it by text if all reasonable attempts to see him in person have failed.
Then if I were you, I would push him, agressively if necessary, to start with a full medical workup.
Stop pleading. Stop pursuing him. This post is full of you working really hard to make this boy and this relationship be something they aren't. You decided that he was marriage material way too soon and you are clinging to that. He is still immature and has no idea what he wants out of life. You cannot work on a relationship like you work on a college course. If you work hard enough in a college course, you will learn a lot and get an A. However, you cannot and should not work on a relationship unless the other person is willing to put in work as well. If somebody is going back and forth on you like you ex boyfriend is, it's over. By begging and pleading you only debase yourself. Even if he turned around today and said he wanted you after all, this would be worthless, because he has already shown that he is not ready to commit to the relationship. The only way for you to heal is to realize that this relationship is not going to happen. Thisnhurts, and is hard to realize, because the back and forth actually makes a fairly mediocre boy seem incredibly compelling. It's a well known principle of behaviorism that is also responsible for motivating compulsive gamblers. Search for "intermittent reward scheme." Your feelings for him will fade with time, but the only path to doing so is you have to break up with him decisively--a simple text, "You are right, this relationship is over. Thank you for the good times and have a great life." Then, no contact. Block his number and block him on all social media. The first week will be hard. The second week will be better. By the end if the month, it will be better yet. The feelings will fade, I promise. Tell yourself that the intensity of your emotion is based on an illusion, s psychological trick, because it is.
Awesome! Please keep us updated!
You should run by your school's legal services if there is one. Barring that, read up on landlord tenant law in your area. I have a feeling a judge would smile kindly upon you. You can probably hash this out in small claims court. Disclaimer: I am not a lawyer, but have dealt with dick landlords.
From the sound of what you've written here and in the comments, your mother is codependent and selfishly wants your brother to be helpless and dependent on her. He is stuck because not only does a young boy have less impulse control to resist these addictive junk foods, but also because at an intuitive level he feels he has to take care of his mother in a sense by going along with her system and not being independent. Perhaps he senses that if he were to be independent, she would be hurt and lonely. It is very selfish of her to hurt him like that for her own ends. If not stopped, he will end up an antisocial, depressed adult with no job or purpose in life who spends 100% of his day on the computer and who loathes himself too much to do anything about it. I wish I had some brilliant advice for you. I don't know if it would do any good for you to call her out on her selfish behavior, or for one of you to try to get him removed from the home, with the whole family getting intensive counseling as a condition for her to get custody back. Is your father in the picture at all?
Maybe the best way to find a good lawyer is to ask someone who has been through a divorce, or another lawyer. Most lawyers have free consultations. You can have two or three consults and see who you click with. If money is a problem, ask if your state allows you to ask yourbhusba n d to pay the legal fees. As far as your family, I don't know how reliable they are, but I guess you could experiment with telling different ones that you realized that they are right, you are ready to take their advice and leave, and can they help you out with a bus ticket and a place to stay. Make some kind of a deal, such as, you promise to contribute xx % of your paycheck towards rent and utilities as soon as you can find a job. Would your parents or a sibling be able to at least let you couch surf for a month or two?
You could always try pointing out that said dog-missing child is probably a figment of the scammer's imagination.
Oh God and then there was the n-mom who talked her daughter's building manager into letting her into daughter's apartment, whereupon she poisoned (edit: a puppy) with rat poison.
You can take the cat to the shelter and if he tries to do something like take you to court about it, present all records from the vet showing how much you spent and for what sorts of issues. This should make the neglect plain.
I'm just going to focus on this: &gt; I had trouble keeping up with him and thought I was going to vomit several times... Two things were at play there. First, he is either cruel, or completely oblivious to your state of being. Neither are acceptable qualities in an SO. Second, did you not tell him that you were exhausted and needed to stop? If it didn't occur to you to ask him to stop, or demand that you both stop, because that's what most people would have done, then you have been so beaten down by your prior abusive relationship that you cannot tell another person about a physical need, feeling, or desire. In other words, he is not an adequate partner, and you are not ready to be in another relationship until you get therapy to learn how to assert yourself with another person.
Welcome to the world of parenting a teen! None of your expectations were unreasonable, but it sounds like your brother has gotten comfortable with the dynamic where you're the older brother and he doesn't have to take responsibility. I'm telling you this to file away in case you have kids of your own someday. You have to give teens responsibility bit by bit and see how they handle it. If they handle it badly, you then know to back up, give them less leeway, and let them earn your trust back. Of course you were asking nothing unreasonable of your brother. He is in a pretty self centered place right now. Since you're not his parent, you will have to go easier on him than you probably want. At some point, have a talk and tell him that you needed him to back you up yesterday, and he let you down. Be as matter-of-fact as you can, because he will probably get defensive and start making a bunch of justifications. If so, that's when you end the conversation. Just tell him that you're ready to help him out if necessary, and you hope you can ask for some help from him, and leave him to let that sink in.
Being married as young as he was, he must be very leery of making the mistake of moving that fast again. He is young and being in shape with the possibility of a pro career, he must have gotten quite a but of female attention. His words say that he doesn't want to get married. Even if he got around to changing his mind, he is still very young and must feel like he has a lot of adventures ahead of him. You are very young too. You have plenty of time. If you are wild about this guy, you should be willing to give it a LOT of time--think a decade or more, maybe. Maybe by the time he's worked out whether the pros are still a possibility and if not, has developed and settled into another career, then, maybe. He's told you what he's about and what he wants. You need to either forget about marriage for the next few years, if ever, and enjoy the ride, or break it off for somebody who hasn't been affected by a bad experience.
You can get noise cancelling ear buds for $100 or less. Tack a heavy drape or carpet remnant to your door and let it down at bedtime. If any of the floors are not carpeted, get rugs or carpet remnants for them as well to help absorb sound. Get some posters that are mounted on foam boards and put a bunch of them up in the common areas.
You and the children should not be under the same roof as he until he has been clean of that and all other substances for several months, and that he gets some kind of counseling and stays in it, and that he drug tests clean for you whenever you ask at random, no protest or funny business. It will take awhile for him to establish a pattern of sobriety, like, months (contact an addiction counselor for a more specific figure). But my point is that he can't say, "Ok, I'm starting my drug free life now!" and expect for you to instantly cool with him. He needs a proven track record *first*. There is a risk to yourself, of criminal prosecution, and to the kids, of either finding the drugs, of coming into harm's way from their high father, or of being taken away into foster care because of drugs being in the house. That is why he needs to separate from you and the kids inmediately, no question, no discussion, and he needs to have supervised visits until he has had this thing under control for some time. Right now, it is not up to you to support him. You owe him nothing. The onus is on him to clean up. While you're at it, make sure he can't get at any of the business's money, because money is not going to help him recover. If you ever get the urge to give him anything, it can be a sandwich or a ride somewhere. Do no let him get his hands on any money. Find yourself some Al-Anon meetings, and of the kids are old enough, get them going to counseling or Ala-Teen.
If I were you, I would take up your friend's mother up on her offer. Move out in secret and take only what is necessary. Offer to do whatever it takes to help your friend's mother out around the house until you can start bringin money in. Report your passport. Tell the whole story of what happened. Ask for a replacement to be sent to your new residence. Change the flight dates. It will cost, but not as much as cancelling and losing the whole ticket. As far as the guilt: your family's actions are abusive and their rejection of your boyfriend is based on racism. They are not looking out for you; they are trying to control you. After you move out, you should get a new phone #. Turn your old phone off and check it once or twice a day. You can also have a friend screen your calls and texts for you and let you know about what's essential, leaving out the abuse, guilt trips, and pressure.
Well, you know that this is a bad situation. You list an escalating number of problems. If you have never been able to convince him to change any aspect so far, there is no reason to think that he will change going forward. You need to get out. This relationship will destroy your health through exhaustion, chronic stress, and smoke. (BTW, you know that being around secondhand smoke is the same as smoking, right?) The more interesting questions, going forward, are: Are you able to live on your own, without being in a relationship, or does the idea frighten you? If you can learn to be happy in your own, or maybe living in a house with some girlfriends, you wouldn't have to put up with an awful SO. If that idea seems lonely and unbearable, you should seek therapy. You should also seek therapy if setting limits and holding to them seems impossible to you. I think that most women would not have stayed with this man at all, much less married him. You are young. Your life should be so much more fun than this.
&gt; I was afraid to check the comments because I feared that people would tell me that I was wrong... Wow, that's rough! Your family really has you brainwashed. :/ Try to get therapy set up, because you wouldn't want to wind up in a relationship that mirrors the controlling and abuse that you are escaping. You want to relearn what is "normal."
Exactly!
I wanted to back up what /u/Astronaut_Panda is saying. I run a small business with my SO. Even though the association was casual at first, we have worked out over time what we are good at and we divide our labors accordingly because the goal is the good of the business. Since you are starting in an organized manner, this is a great time to make deliberate decisions from the start. She knows the product. You know marketing. Who knows accounting, taxes, business incorporation and laws, hiring, that other kind of stuff? Work it out so that each of you has your own area. If there is anything that neither one of you are good at, say, taxes, for fluff's sake hire an expert, don't just wing to show what tough guys you are. Trust me, neither one of you wants to be in charge of everything! That would be too exhausting. You *need* to be able to hand off tasks to the other, or you will burn out. You can put it diplomatically, such as, "Beautiful, gorgeous wife, I trust you 100% with knowing our product and being able to work with clients. That's why I need you to let me handle the marketing. We are a team. No one person can do it all. We're in this for the long haul." Ask your wife to imagine herself as the CEO of a well-run Fortune 500 company. The CEO does not know or do 100% of everything. They do not know as much about network security as the IT intern, nor as much about graphic design as the kid on the 3rd floor who is designing a flyer, nor as much about how to adjust the heat as the HVAC person. It would be absurd of the CEO to know these details, and if he or she were trying to meddle in these tasks, it would be a huge failure of leadership. The CEO does CEO things, and only interferes in network security, the pamphlets, or the building heat if there has been a colossal failure, and then only long enough to ensure that people who know what they're doing are put in place. If she cannot let others do what they do best, her ego will sink the ship. So you have to settle this before you move one step further. A martyr/control freak is no fun to work with, and it's not a fun way to live, either.
The logistics of what happens or can happen between she and Jack are not relevant. What the parents think or want is not relevant. One thing and one thing only is relevant. She is on love with another person. Even if she loves you as well, her devotion is split. The relationship is done. Unless you are poly, the only acceptable partner is one who is committed to being with you. No matter how complicated she may try to make it, she is not committed to you, or she would have dealt with her feelings on her own. Break up and move on.
If he refuses treatment, that's on him. If he has been offered help, refuses to attend to his own mental health, and chooses to take the dark road of suicide instead, that is his choice--even if he blames you, that does not absolve him of responsibility. He is a grown-ass adult.
Well, still, I think most women would feel very disrespected by the nature of his porn habits. But the important thing is how you feel. If you feel neglected, it doesn't matter whether someone else finds that reasonable or not. You don't have to put up with a relationship in which you feel disrespected. You can make it on your own.
Maybe you want a way to bond with other people. Maybe you want to seem valuable to the listener by sharing something. Maybe you doubt yourself and want someone to validate what you're thinking and feeling. Whatever rings true; but it probably boils down to wanting that shot of social reinforcement. Therapy may be the answer here. Also you could try mindfulness meditation. Anything that helps you recognize when you have that lonely feeling that impel you to engage in this behavior might help you forestall it.
It is possible that she is taking her anger at your father out on you, especially since the maltreatment started when you hit puberty. It is absolutely unfair of her to lump all men together like that. Declaring that you are not her son anymore is straight up emotional abuse, and I'll bet that's not even the worst of it. Once you are independent of her, you do not have to subject yourself to her abuse any longer. If she raised and fed you, that was her responsibility for choosing to be a mother. There is ni excuse for abuse. Until you can get away to live at a college, you should go to school authorities and explain that you are a victim of your mother's verbal abuse, and ask them to set up counseling for you.
So, women who want to avoid pregnancy are conscious of their birth control status at all times. Edit: sorry if it sounds snarky. I am a woman and I mean this sincerely. I was always paranoid as hell about it.
Guilt tripping someone into sex is still manipulative. I can see why you had erection issues. Your penis was being honest about a situation that you didn't like.
I always was. Not sure why the downvotes.
I'm wondering if you really want to get into an involved discussion with her. Her idea of boundaries sounds terrible. Why does she have the right to criticize your grieving, your boyfriend, and your education? Why are you obliged to cook for her? Where does she get off thinking she can force feed you FFS?? I think that if you have thus big "talk" with her, it will be hee pushing you around some more and telling you how messed up you are. Honestly she sounds emotionally abusive. You should talk to your landlord first thing Monday morning to see if you can get out of the lease. Spend as little time around her as possible. She is detrimental to your physical and mental health.
Ah, thank you. I'm a woman, and I was being serious.
I figured not, it was such an exaggeratedly dramatic thing to say.
Then make a police report about the whole situation. In the future, people who abuse various kinds of hard drugs are not good roommates.
This is extremely disrespectful, both to you and to the person he's hitting on. Waitresses, fast food clerks, etc. have to be nice because they're on the job. They don't enjoy being a captive audience to every wannabe player who hits on them. Girl, you need to at least stand up for yourself, though after two years I'm not sure how well it will be received.
Who is this guy, Mr. Taliban? &gt; as his girlfriend I have to respect his wishes "Respect his wishes" is another way of saying "obey," isn't it? What an interesting way to put it. If you don't obey, because that's essentially what he's asking, right, then you are disrespecting him? What the hell, does he want you to be a surrendered wife, is that where this is going? Your boyfriend is controlling and is trying to isolate you from your family. We all know what the end of this story looks like because it shows up on the front page of this subreddit everyday. Do you want to be writing to us a few years down the line because he's threatening to kill you because you accidentally looked at a man for too long, but you don't have any money because he made you quit working and you don't have anyone to turn to because he made you cut them all off? Which conversation will be more painful, the one where you tell your brother he can't visit any more, or the one where you tell this man that you refuse to respect his jealous and controlling wishes?
What we're saying is that this is how abusive relationships develop. They start with one partner pushing the other's boundaries, and the future victim denies it to themselves because everything else is great do this must be because of "stress," or puts up with it because of being in love. This encourages the abuser to experiment with pushing other boundaries until the victim is deeply enmeshed in a terrible situation.
It might be. Rape victims often blame themselves and do stuff that looks irrational from the outside, like shower all the evidence off or not tell anybody. Who knows. It's complicated. OP should proceed with caution.
I wonder if there aren't one or more intercultural miscommunications going on when you meet people IRL. You should make some friends--strictly friends--and have them observe you and give advice. Stay soberer than they the next time you go out so that you can remember what you did and said down to the details. From what little I know of Japan, it is a culture in which people may be reticent to give you any direct criticisms. You need a wingman to guide you through this.
Honestly it may be already over between the two of you. There are many dealbreakers on both sides here. I think you need to work your own anger and impulsivity. You fought over social media. Bad form. You said a lot of harsh things by your own admission. Like what? Could some of these things constitute verbal abuse? Did yoy resort to name calling? You try to physically prevent her from leaving. There is no excuse for that. You do not get to physically restrain people except to keep them from attacking you. It is illegal, actually, and you don't even prevent any cheating that way; you just make it seem justified. If she is cheating, sure, that's unacceptable. What do you do with an SO who is doing something hurtful? You set boundaries. If they cannot respect those boundaries, you let them go. You break it off. I say that as someone whose husband left after 20 years together. What is the point of fighting about it? Either they want to be with you, so they clean up their act, or they don't, and you break up. The whole notion of fighting for a relationship or trying to force another person to be one way or another is pointless and leads to frustration and controlling behavior. I don't know if there is anything to be saved here. I would say you should either break it off and work on your anger and impulsiveness, or you could work on your issues and invite her to go to counseling with her. It may be over. You may have to live with that. Regardless, even though she was wrong to cheat, you need to learn how to control your anger before you get into another relationship. Edit: spelling
Sometimes very charismatic people are also very arrogant. Your semi-boyfriend is skating by on his looks. He has no reason to care what one girl thinks because there will always be another. He thinks you should be grateful for access to his wonderfulness, and you agree. (This probably isn't the only area of his life where he can rest on his charisma, either, but I digress.) It depends whether you are okay with being one of a number of fawning worshippers, and being lied to and exposed to diseases. Most women get to be with a man who actually cares about them exclusively. Looks aren't everything.
What were the fights and issues about? Was there a pattern of not fighting well, of miscommunication, or did you keep having fights about the same things that never got resolved? Now that you're not with him, your lI've is disconnected from day to day problems and the reality of whatever your problems were about. If you got back together, however, the problems would justbresurface, wouldn't they? What you have with him right now sounds like a hurtful mess. You're broken up, he's seeing someone else, but still having sex with you? IF you have any reason to think that whatever was causing your problems has been resolved, and IF he was willLing to drip the other girl and go back to you, maybe you would have a shot. But that's two very big IFs The more likely outcome is that he's enjoying committment-free, fight-free sex with you while testing the waters. The best advice I can give you is: 1.) Be honest with yourself about why you had doubts and broke up. Take some time to reflect on both of your contributions to your problems. Get therapy if necessary to learn better communication skills. 2.) Be prepared in case he doesn't want to get back with you. 3.) If he does want to restart the relationship, you both need to commit to doing what it takes to rebuild it. If he doesn't, you should go no contact. Stop having sex with him, because that will prevent you from getting over him and just make you hurt more.
It's never a fuck up to acknowledge your feelings and trust your intuitions.
You dip the braces in some water and then gargle with the water. Naturally straight teeth, no chemicals!
I'm sorry, but it sounds like you need to find new living arrangements on the double. Even if he decides that what he did was crazy and wrong (because it was) and even if you decide that you want to see if lots if individual and couples therapy might fix this (I'm feeling agnostic about this, only because of trying to be open minded), you should step back and not have to live with somebody who would do these things. In other news, lots of regrets and promises to do better and try harder =/= actually being better. A promise is not the same as a current reality.
You know you could take your parents to court for wage theft, right? Because that is a very serious charge. Not to mention working you for 16 hours a day. I am not a lawyer, but if you ran this stuff by one (do so, as an experiment--most lawyers offer free consultations), I bet they would be potentially open to felony changes and jail time. Labor law is a thing, and for good reason. And the miscarriage thing--you suffered a loss that most women regard as devastating and your parents regard that as something You put Them through--Jesus that's backwards. You should look up the concepts of: adult child of narcissists, golden child, and scapegoat. The level of abuse and neglect you experienced was profound and multifaceted. I'm seeing medical neglect, financial abuse, emotional abuse, verbal abuse, and physical abuse--working someone for 16 hours? Yeah, physical abuse. You need therapy, stat. If your husband is a keeper, if you ever want kids, you are very, very far away from understanding how families and relationships are supposed to work. Just a warning--therapy will *hurt*. Once you realize the extent to which your family mistreated and is still mistreating you, some very strong emotions will come out. To say it will be hard is a gross understatement. Without doing this, however, you will lbe like as ghost floating through a shadow of the life you are supposed to live. To answer your original question, your husband sounds like the reasonable one here.
&gt; I know I was wrong... No, honey, **you** aren't wrong...please, we're not trying to hurt you or say you're wrong! If that's what you're getting out of these responses, I'm sorry, but it kinda proves our point about how much your mentality is *still* that of an abused child, trembling and flinching at the anticipated blow.
Try to go with him to the appointment. If yoy can't or if he wont let you, sometime before the appointment, call his doctor and explain to him everything you have told us here. Make sure the doctor knows how serious this is.
What he's experiencing is known as complex grief. It is not normal grief; it is a state he is stuck in. He will not change unless he gets help. In fact, he will probably get worse. If you have to leave, it would not be abandoning him so much as protecting yourself and your baby. It may be the wake up call he needs to reach out and get help. You don't have to divorce him. You can simply separate. File for full custody and explain to the court that you would like him to get psychological help for him to be able to be with the baby. I'm going to focus on one thing the others hadn't mentioned: &gt; He has been sleeping through alarms and just not showing up to work. While work has been understanding, I know this understanding will not continue and that puts our livelihood at risk. A good friend of mine who is a therapist told me that when people are having a breakdown, the job is usually the last thing to fall apart. By the time a person is putting their livelihood at risk, they have already torn up everything else. It sounds like you used to have a great marriage. IF he is still on the military, I wonder if he is afraid that getting psychological help will derail his career. Maybe the good folks at /r/military might have some advice on that line.
You need to stop abusing yourself by calling yourself bitchy and selfish. You have a right to your observations and points of view. In fact, you are the sane adult in the household. He needs your intelligence and judgment more than he needs you to be sweet and submissive and suppress your knowledge about what's going on, which is that he is being sucked down by mental illness and taking you and the baby down with him. He is comfortable in his depression. It may not feel good, it must feel like pure hell, but he is too comfortable in it to make any necessary changes. He **needs** you to challenge this.
Do some reading about Herpes. My friend got it from a long-term SO. Put crudely, when you have a breakout, it's like getting a cold sort on your genitals. Ow! Peeing will hurt. The key is to have medicine on hand so that as soon as you have the very first inkling of an outbreak, you apply the medicine, which shortens the length and severity of the outbreak. Also, during an outbreak, you can avoid foods with arginine (coffee, chocolate, tomatoes) and eat foods with lysine (bananas, chicken, milk). You can also find lysine in the vitamin section. No outbreak? No worries. Do more research--it's not like I'm a doctor or anything. But that's what herpes amounts to. Cold sore. Ow. Medicine and vitamins. All better. The end. No lasting damage--unlike other STDs, which can get nasty. Your ex was a cheating jackass. Good thing you got out of that one! Now you're free to meet good people. Have some fun. If you meet a potential sex partner, make sure to tell them, and use a condom.
Go with her to some Al-Anon meetings. These are for friends and family of alcoholics and addicts. One of the basic things they teach is that you can't control or take responsibility for someone else's drinking, but you can determine your own reaction. See if you can manage to go to 6 meetings, even if it feels weird or uncomfortable at first. I guarantee both you and she will get at least something out of it. Also, as a nurse, you should be able to get the name of one or two good therapists who specialize in addiction issues. See if she would accompany you to a few sessions. This idiot's goal is to triangulate you and your girlfriend because he doesn't want to lose this person who tolerates his bullshit. If you think he's trying to troll your relationship, he probably is. I hope you can find some resources that can help you and your girlfriend because you sound like good people.
She has chosen to move away. She is seeing someone new. You (to your credit) are aware of, and trying to fix, some problems that you had created in the relationship. Apologies are always good. Probably the best thing and only thing you can do is write her a short, simple email saying that you realize now that you sometimes were short with her due to your anxiety, which you have taken steps to control, and you're sorry for that. If ever she wants to talk, she knows how to reach you, love spencernb. Then, forget you wrote it. She has moved on: geographically, emotionally, educationally. She is different now. You, meanwhile, are in a relationship with your regrets and your memory of how she used to be--but not the real woman. Tell yourself that. She is in the past. This is done. Your goal is to start over fresh with someone new. Open your mind to the women around you. Do new things. Travel. Maybe go back to school yourself. You have to move forward. You do not have her in your life any more. Here's to starting over.
That's excellent to hear, especially because stress can bring on an outbreak!
If Turk's mother is sane, he should talk it over with her, forwarding emails as proof. Sure, you're all grownups, but you can't go to a wedding if you're not invited. Then when you don't show up, Lilly might spin some crazy story to your MIL about how you called her fat and ugly or something, and it could cause rifts in the family for years. This way your MIL can try to talk sense into her, or at least know that it's her fault if you two don't show up.
Even without any other detail, if she slaps you on the face for any reason, that's plenty of dealbreaker right there. Given that she should be more attentive towards you and your needs at this time and is making demands that you pay attention to her as if nothing had changed for you, again, that's a good reason to break up also. I was coming into thus thread ready to advise you that mourning is an altered state, so you shouldn't make any rash decisions. Reading your post, it sounds more like the scales fell from your eyes and now you see the truth of your relationship. Separate from her and reach out to your friends.
It could be that he has lost his attraction, or that living with his parents has hit his confidence which is affecting his libido. Can you handle two and a half more months of this? Are you worried that it's over? For your own mental health, you may need to find a room in a shared place and move out.
Speaking of C cup size...clothing manufacturers don't get that the torsos of shirts and blazers shouldn't be straight tubes. Button down shirts? Fail. If it can be done up at tit level, at gut level, it's so floppy that I look pregnant. Then the damn thing spends all day sneakily undoing itself anyway. I have sadly resigned myself to a lifetime of t-shirts.
Wow, I love me some H &amp; M but I had given up on button downs. I'll have to give theirs a chance. Edit: for women in more blue collar jobs, school uniform stores have decent khakis with stretch built in at very reasonable prices. In my city, there are a lot of charter schools which have khaki and polo uniforms and the uniform stores have khakis that non stick figure girls and women can wear, and they look a whole sight better on a woman than male tailored khakis. *shudder*
&gt; But raising a 1 year old can be hellish. True. &gt; They CAN be brats. Sorry, can't agree with you there. The child was fussing and throwing his food. No, this is not polite table manners. This is a tiny, nonverbal child expressing, in the only way in which he was developmentally capable, that he was finished eating. People who are raising children need to keep a child's developmental level and capabilities in mind at all times. A baby, toddler, preschooler, school aged child, middle schooler, and teenager are at different levels and expectations need to be set accordingly. Case in point involving a friend of mine. Her baby had been fussing and restless all day due to being sick. The 3-year-old, C, was fed up both with all the fussing and with his mother being relatively unavailable to due always having to care for the baby. He pitched a fit and threw a toy truck at her. She took the truck, put it on a shelf, and he freaked out and burst into tears. She sat down, spike soothingly, and comforted him until he was chill. Yes, he was being a brat, so he got a logical consequence. But instead of being called names, which would have accomplished nothing, he was comforted. He will grow up knowing not to throw things when angry, and that when people are stressed out, you stop and love them. So, yeah, the term brat doesn't even apply to a 1-year-old. Also, punitive, authoritarian upbringings are no better than letting a kid do whatever. In fact, research shows that authoritarian parenting is actually more harmful than permissive parenting (not that that's good either). This subreddit can provide plentiful examples showing why.
I agree that a person could easily, in a moment of frustration, call a baby or dog a brat. In fact, I myself have done so. My point was that it's important, and very helpful, for parents to do their best to maintain a realistic outlook on the causes of a child's behavior and not just the amount to which it happens to annoy them. That's very necessary in order to maintain the discipline to not call a kid names later on, when they have acquired enough verbal and social skills to really get under your skin. I had to learn this when I went back to teaching in inner city schools. Just because a child's behavior is aggravating doesn't mean that the aggravation is the full story. I have experienced some epic brattiness from my students and my own kid that had a whole other layer of meaning behind it. Not all brattiness is simple brattiness. The tough part is that simple and complex brattiness have to be dealt with in very different ways. But I digress. 1-year-olds? Stressful, yes, but they are not even really capable of true brattiness.
That sounds like a solid plan right there.
After two years of under- and unemployment, it may no longer be possible for her to get a job in her field, or at least not without a significant investment in upgrading herself. The reality is that her career prospects are at a serious impasse. I'm not saying that she shouldn't take a McJob--but that if she doesn't want to be stuck at a terrible wage level, she unfortunately may need to rethink her career choices from the ground up.
Yeah, the gym thing seemed strange to me, too. It sounds as if he may have a disordered relationship with his body that manifests itself in an obsession with his body fat, sort of like anorexia, but with working out instead of dieting. Google gym obsession disorder.
You need to think long and hard about whether you want to dedicate your life to being someone's caretaker. You are not a therapist. With a serious condition like bipolar disorder, love is not enough to make everything better. You cannot be with him 24/7. You cannot control him or make him take his meds properly. He will do things that hurt you, intentionally or unintentionally. Being in a relationship may stress him put and make the condition worse. You trying to save him from himself may end up enabling and making him more dependent on you. You are only human, and not a mental health professional, and as such may unintentionally do something to hurt him that would not have effected a more neurotypical person. You may never be able to be married. You may wake up one day and question why you spent the prime years of your life in a caretaking role. You may never be able to have children with him, or if youndo, you may find yourself in the position of taking care of them and him. I don't want to paint all bipolar people as dependent train wrecks, and I'm not telling you to break up. However, you face significant challenges in this relationship that you would not with a mentally more robust person. It would be best if you opened your eyes to the long term realities of what being the SO of a bipolar partner means. This includes allowing him to take primary responsibility for his own mental health, setting limits on his treatment of you, and having action plans in place in case his mental state deteriorates.
