Tasmanian Devils go through a similar process, fighting (I think hundreds) of their siblings to attach to 8 nipples.
However that's an oppressed people reclaiming a word that oppressed them, such as "gay" with the non-straight community. Side note, it's "nigga." Example: if you call a nigga a "nigger" they will *cut* you (metaphorically, usually).
Interestingly enough we also see plenty of black people vote Republican because it's technically the party that freed their ancestors, if only in name. They don't think to actually look into what the party stands for (as plenty of white people do as well).
Can I upvote this some more?
I want to but I'm afraid I won't go back to sleep.
I plan to choose certain toys to fit the theme of each expansion as well as experiment with different toys to find out what each normal cat's top fav 3 toys are.
Guessing Socks is in the face?
Lexy's loaded, man.
Genocide mode (boot every cat as soon as it gets on a toy).
I wish I had the gold to give you for this.
You can kick her off.
Are you sure he goes on a goodie that provides loaf form?
Yup
Fake.
I'm very torn on him! I do like him in his rain, but I like seeing all his markings... (he comes to the rail because it's a rail, like the thing trains run on....)
Actually, you're using sex terms here. For gender you should use "man," "woman," and at least "other" (Even if you don't agree with the American trans community, other cultures have had other genders for centuries).
Correct, they're on their lonesome with the rail. I prefer getting solo pictures with the rares xD
Oh that makes more sense! I'd seen a lot of cats who had black tail tips have white under the kotatsu and was very confused.
I see what you did there.
That woman's poor vulva...
Actually if your toes are squished they're bad shoes.
Such as cutting the crust off your sandwiches.
That's why we use a harness! You still have the carry them, but a lot less thrashing.
I dated a Kenyan who was raised until 12 in Kenya, but his two siblings (both parents African) were raised in the US. Heritage-wise, they all were "African," but my ex was the only one who spoke an African language (Swahili) and culturally they were all pretty "white" (in their own terms). Their mother (South African, not white) would mock them sometimes by calling them, "Shaniquaesiasia," but that's about all the "hate" I saw. I think some Africans are put off by the Roots movement due to the way it kinda "bastardizes" their culture, but it's not Black folks fault they can't trace their heritages fully. I think it also can be explained by how whitewashed African culture is.
https://youtu.be/GKB8hXYod2w
ALL MY THIS
Aragorn broke his toe when he kicked the helmet in Twin Towers. He continued to act on it for about an hour. The cut you see in the movie is the one where he broke his toe. Viggo Mortensen is a badass. Bonus: he also broke his tooth at Helm's Deep and had them glue it back on on set so he could keep acting.
I passed by my sister's boyfriend's open door and got a glimpse of her on top of him, both naked. Her boyfriend would later abuse her, hold her against her will, brainwash her, starve her, and that sort of stuff. This was before the holding but well into the brainwash.
When I was 12 one of my friends deserted me because I wasn't popular enough (I was a weirdo). My mother called her dad about it without consulting me - really helped the bullying at school, let me tell you.&lt;/sarcasm&gt;
Actually, Ariel's Beginning was really good. It was a return to the music roots. The villain felt kinda unnecessary, though.
You don't get much more anti-Muslim than that.
What /u/Belicia said, as well as the fact that you're comparing everyone to her. You keeping looking for HER2.0 when really you need to look for a new woman all together. Think about what you liked in Her - now also think about what you didn't. Try to find these in someone new.
Adderall is a stimulant used to focus the minds of those with ADHD/ADD. Its street name is "speed," and in a non-ADHD person it makes them hyper-focused - almost manically - but they also become bored quickly.
Disagreeing on core values.
Knit, draw, read, clean
PREACH
Sleep sex - and it was amazing.
To this day he still thinks we're compatible.
It's called sexsomnia! I was dating a guy with it and I was half-awoken to him unconsciously fondling me. Because I was half-awake all I knew was it felt good and went along with it. Only sex I've had where I was completely in the moment and it was awesome.
Originally it was to stop masturbation (they also did it to vulvae and put acid on the clit :D), but obv that didn't work. Then it was, "I was, so he should be," and a host of excuses to make it so.
Sexual educator, can confirm.
I won't say which fruit - because a quick Google search will bring you straight to my town - but my town celebrates this NASTY fruit every year. We have a whole damn festival around it, of them pickled, fried, baked, sautéed... But most people recognize they taste like shit except for a lot of the locals.
TBH I think it started with Caitlyn's transition. Don't get me wrong, she's a horrid representation of the trans community, but the way she publicized it is what brought it to media attention, I think.
In a non-condescending way, what culture would you have "reign supreme"?
Most of our face comes from our bone structure and underlying fat, not the skin itself. This is why we can recreate faces from skulls.
Anime boobs
It's my face so if I lose my phone someone can return it to me easier. My background is my cat who is 15, senile, in kidney failure, and could drop dead at any moment.
There are heterosexual men who like butt stuff.
The prostate can be stimulated through the rectal wall and that's very arousing. The anus itself has a bunch of nerve endings. Edit: there's also fingers and plugs, not just penises. Additionally sexual orientation has to do with who you find hot, not who you have sex with. The difference is people can have sex with those they don't find hot and and people can find others hot but not have sex with them.
Vaginae are naturally closed, they only open when aroused (provided they're properly functioning). You can force something in, of course, but you can force something into a rectum as well. The first third of the vagina stays closed, and the back two thirds are loosely open. The vagina can be clenched using the pelvic floor muscles, which also can be used to stop urination mid-emission. If you were actually referring to the vulva (the outer flappy part with the two sets of lips and the clit), it naturally stays closed when the legs are together, and opens when the legs at spread (the degree varies by person). Both sets of labia can be vaguely flexed with practice, like wiggling one's ears, and the clitoral glans and shaft can be flexed just as the penis can (seeing as they're the same structure and all).
That's actually possible, particularly if the person's clitoral shaft is long.
Yes, it made me unconsciously think if I was in pain people would forgive me, so I started cutting or punishing myself in some way if I fucked up. I don't anymore but I feel the urge to.
I stabbed myself in a main vein when I was making art :D
I physically cringed.
I'm not really sure why you're trying to seduce children... :p
Google "cuckoldry".
Non-sexual boob-possessor, can confirm boobs other distract me.
I thought this was new! I've been using it on the iOS mobile app and am really loving it - I'm sure communities like /r/popping and /r/whatbugisthis will really appreciate it, since they're almost completely picture based.
Protip: close your legs before you sit down - everything SHOULD slide to the front, avoiding all of your weight.
Not praise children for their shitty art &lt;- reasons I won't be teaching children.
Honestly? Language learning apps.
Dude asked for my panties from a car. I was 14. He was fondling himself through a rag while he did this.
Slept with a sexsomniac - was great, 10/10 would do again.
Knew a prison guard who said they had break outs every week, and the only reason they got to the news is the person was out longer than the prison could pay off the media.
I have really vivid dreams, but this one from when I was 6~7 sticks with me (probably because I had it again. TL;DR: I went from 90's kid Weeaboo to moon Soldier Father to myself in 3rd person in about a minute. I was Ash Ketchum (1st person PoV), standing on this quilted expanse with Brock, Misty, and Tuxedo Mask. Tuxedo Mask said, "The shipment of Squirtles and Wartortles will be in tomorrow." "But I want to wait for them!" I protested. "Then you much chose a guardian." As Tuxedo Mask said this, the respective Pokémon floated up from the floor. Suddenly, the whole setting transforms into the moon, and a UFO flew by from my left while an astronaut walked by my right. TM announced them to be "Baby" and "Grandma" as they passed. I looked to my right to see TM standing by the engine of a bullet train, another to his right, both on regular train tracks which only go out behind them. He gestured, and I got in. As I looked around, I saw pictures of some white military dude (that I recognized to be myself) with a white boy (around 5) and a black version of Nurse Jenny. TM told me I have to shoot down his astronaut before it reaches the top. I looked out my windshield to see two astronauts scaling a waterfall of moondust and small moonrocks. Assuming my astronaut is on the right, I stay shooting at the one on the left using this thing like those water cannons at fairs. Only this one shoots laser darts like from Star Wars. I do this for about five seconds before the kid from the pictures suddenly comes in saying, "Daddy!" To which I reply, "Son!" And hug him as my wife (the black woman) comes in. Suddenly *I'm* shot and my vision tints red (like when you're about to die in a video game) as I fall backward, saying, "I'm a goner, I'm a goner." As I hit the floor the engine shoots backward on the track, and I say, "We're not going to make it, there's not enough fuel." My PoV floats through the back of the engine to see we are moving past a bright cliff face, with greenery at the top as well as another set of train tracks a train goes over. My PoV continues to go out, turning around to look at the back of the engine as my son leans out it. This reveals that we are over a large ocean, with long, wooden braces being the only thing holding the track up. Suddenly, I - my real self, not my dream self - swing out of the back door, lose my balance, and grab the kid, causing us both to start falling toward our deaths. Both times I've had this dream I wake up when this happens in a cold sweat. The shooter portion only happened the second time, but the rest was consistent. For time frame, I'm nearing 22.
For me they're physical - like a limb falling asleep, but with pressure. I can feel them coming on and try to put them off but I can't. They're promptly followed by nightmares.
It's usually I lose romantic feelings for them in a relationship - I can own up to my fuck-ups, but I hate that I can't control my affection. I know that's part of what makes it special, but still.
Yes, but the reverse is not true because racism is institutionalized. Racism is things like "Redlining," where when neighborhoods received "safety ratings," black neighborhoods automatically got lower scores. It's rich white people who are living off old money that was garnered by slaves. It's black people getting randomly stopped and frisked way more often than white.
I'm liberal, but I also can see how this is similar to aspects of the the Red Scare.
Raising your hand suddenly, palm back, fingers slightly spread and pointing a little higher than toward your face, and have an angry expression.
I believe it's all coincidence, but I've had a few premonitions. I also used to have day hallucinations (now they're only when waking or falling asleep) so I take it with a bag of salt.
Art
She was probably just cold, or some nipples never go flat (I mean, from the looks of hers....)
Or it hurt because of lack of lube.
Actually I know skinny people with a thing for it.
I WANT THE MOUSE ONE ;___;
Wat
My mother expressed a similar sentiment.
Relay race
There's also little ear scoops!
Like photoshopped or just them pleading? Could have to do with the whole "submissive Asian woman" stereotype coming in to play - you're obviously not aware of it, though.
Seconded
Having my hair played with.
Shoulda clarified the first time ;)
This *would* work if it weren't for lackies. Because the bully is getting attention from *someone* for bullying, they will keep doing. It would take many times being ignored by *everyone* for a bully to stop.
I'm always panicking when I realize I'm stuck in a FA loop, but I try to check a detail to see if I'm really awake, and if it's wrong I try to wake up again. The next time the detail is fixed, so I have to check another. Haven't had the brains to check my phone in a loop yet (again, always panicking), but when I got stuck in one while sleeping over with a friend *it actually put me in bed with my friend and made a predictable event happen*.
Can I borrow him? ;_; My brother has his dog for it.
You have hallucinations when entering or leaving sleep - hypnagogic and hypnopompic, respectively.
I HAVE THESE LOOPS ALL THE TIME AND IT'S HORRIBLE ;_____; But it's good to know I'm not the only one who does.
I used to work in the produce department and a lot of our food had nail marks in them...
Definitely.
Interesting! I'll try if I remember to. How strange - and you don't regret the tattoo?
That makes sense.
The pins&amp;needles, pressure, and ringing? I'll let you know what I find out, I'm getting a sleep study soon and going to my consult today. EDIT: The sleep specialist is pretty sure I narcolepsy, but I cannot afford the sleep study to confirm at this time.
For me it's at night, I rarely nap because I'm afraid I won't be able to sleep in the evening and have things to do.
My issues is I didn't know to only use my bed for sleep, sex, and illness recovery.
A hopeful story of girls overcoming thought lines forced on them?
My fellatio, cunnilingus, receiving-vulvar-manual and giving-penile-manual virginities: We don't talk a lot because he moved away, but we're alright. My penis-in-vagina virginity: He ended up being emotionally abusive, soooo... My giving-cunnilingus virginity: Still great friends, talk very often. My giving-anal (with a toy) virginity: Still friends but we have busy lives My giving-anal-manual virginity: Dating this love &lt;3
Ted Mosby?
Well that saves me money, thanks!
[Found them](https://www.google.com/search?q=toe+piercing&amp;client=safari&amp;hl=en-us&amp;biw=375&amp;bih=559&amp;prmd=isvn&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwiq7vq-2KjRAhVK7CYKHdKIDXYQ_AUIBygB)
[Found them](https://www.google.com/search?q=toe+piercing&amp;amp;client=safari&amp;amp;hl=en-us&amp;amp;biw=375&amp;amp;bih=559&amp;amp;prmd=isvn&amp;amp;source=lnms&amp;amp;tbm=isch&amp;amp;sa=X&amp;amp;ved=0ahUKEwiq7vq-2KjRAhVK7CYKHdKIDXYQ_AUIBygB)
[Found them](https://www.google.com/search?q=toe+piercing&amp;amp;client=safari&amp;amp;hl=en-us&amp;amp;biw=375&amp;amp;bih=559&amp;amp;prmd=isvn&amp;amp;source=lnms&amp;amp;tbm=isch&amp;amp;sa=X&amp;amp;ved=0ahUKEwiq7vq-2KjRAhVK7CYKHdKIDXYQ_AUIBygB)
Ittie bittie blep committee
I've heard of people wearing their cervical ring on their wrists - I think pharmacy techs should be required to at least ask the people, "How do you take this? When do you take it? What are the side effects? Why should you stop taking it? Does it prevent STI's?"
Pills are better at contraception because all you have to do is take them at the same time every day vs using enough lube, not being too rough, taking it off immediately &amp; away from the vulva, and quality varies by brand.
I know it doesn't. I specified when the STI's are involved because that's when the only affect will be on chances of getting an STI, otherwise it's pregnancy and STI.
Pills are more effective, so what at least I'm going for them *both*. Pills were no problem with me besides a *very* minor side effect, and condoms can be a pain in the ass as well - especially if you're allergic to latex. Condoms also have a waste concern (I recognize pills are changing our water balances as well). I'd really like for them both to be available and for people to have to answer questions on the drugs (preferably *any*) before they can buy them.
Glorious.
I really suggest harnesses to all of you, even if you have to carry your cat around. They are so less stressed out when then can roam around the car.
Whoops my bad
Thanks for understanding :)
Interesting!! I have no idea now.
Our lab-mix would sit in our wiener's bed all the time.
The grass cushions are new!
Buying the food.
They left 20 minutes later.
I was afraid most wouldn't get the joke because they don't know that they call the "vagina" is actually a "vulva" (the vagina is ONLY the tunnel).
In case no one has told you yet you can get oral herpes in your genitals and genital herpes in your mouth,". The viruses are just specialized for their particular neurons and don't spread to the new areas as easily, but still can.
There was a liner under
So, you're gonna feel this wire at the back of your love canal....
Breeds have several abnormalities ;) And selective breeding can make them more predominant, which can be good or bad.
REALLY?? :DDD BECAUSE I WANT ONE BUT ETHICS
Took me a moment
Aww that's sad :(
I like to reply, "Well I didn't ask that yet, but I'm alright."
*perineum Good try, very non-sextual sounding
Good guy/gal/...gual? (Can't think of neutrals with g's!) Pokémon hunter!
They're either really nervous, seeking attention, or being passive aggressive when they "haha" all the time.
Then why do you?
*patch Should I crosspost to /r/misleadingthumbnails?
Found the Homestucker
I had to teach my dad what a vulva was :I Luckily my parents never really shamed me about my body, but they never taught me how to properly clean my vulva (pulling back the hood and etc) or told me directly that masturbation was okay (extramarital sex was not so all of my siblings and I assumed masturbation wasn't, either). I think my first sex talk was at 12? But my sister was obsessed with genitals and etc so she told me a LOT about it before then.
Not with their stomach acid
Well can't see your vagina, since it's inside, but your *vulva* looks lovely :) Exciting color change and so much to suck on. As someone with a "porn vulva," trust me, it's so much easier to be pleasured when your labia are long and suckable. And that shaft length (your clitoral glans has a shaft behind it, everyone's does) must make it so easy to suck and rub! I bet it'd feel really good for you if you or someone else stroked up and down its length, especially since all that hood would pass over your head a lot. I'm super envious!
Inorite?? It's so soft IRL
A brat??? I'd love a snake that cuddly &lt;3
Attacking the furniture I see
It's okay, most people don't, just be sure to fix it :)
That's a great idea, thanks!
R/gifsthatendtoosoon
This is actually a common misconception- there are asexual people who have sexual desires. There are also sexual people without sexual desires! Asexual people find no one hot. If you're wondering why a person would have sex with someone they don't find hot, most people who have sex with their hand don't find their hand hot. :p There are couples where are both sexual but one lacks desire and it creates issues - unless they let it be open.
It's also damaging to men who don't fit the mold! Someone asked my companion why he didn't sleep with someone when he had the chance to and he was like, "??? Because I didn't like her???"
Right? Post-menopausal people are most hormonal stable.
My companion, who is a man, is a wino :D I got him wine socks obviously intended for a woman and he loves them.
Thanks for the tips, I'll keep them in mind! :D
Hmm, I was under the impression that company claims couldn't be trusted because of the loose laws protecting workers/requiring transparency. Thanks!
Thanks for letting me know! I definitely agree that's the better solution, just didn't know it could be verified ^^
Asexual people do not find people hot. Sexual people do find people hot. It's not about wether or not they want to have sex.
Better than risking no sensitivity :D
Hey that person sounds like an automatic DD right there :D
That's so dumb - you're the perfect DD!
It's why so many doctors say to lose weight before they'll try other treatments - often the weight is the biggest contributor.
Various hormone therapies (post-menopause, kids without enough growth hormone, etc). It's important to see it this way: the problem is that the body cannot make enough of or makes too much of a certain hormone, so the solution is to give it that hormone from another source. Will the problem come back if they stop taking their medication? Probably, but that doesn't mean they should stop taking it. It is a dependence, but it's not like drug dependence because they were like this before the drug.
Thin people being ignored by doctors is bad, too? My brother wasn't diagnosed with hyperthyroidism until he was 19 when he's been skin and bones all his life.
There are certainly cases like yours, but even for you weight made it worse.
There are plenty of cultures that favor heavier people - it can be seen as a sign of wealth or fertility.
We pay extra to get stuff hemmed :D
5'1" 110 lb but I'm a 0 in the waist and a 6 above and below (30G).
Docs should always get really nitty gritty in to how fast and what methods a person is using to lose weight to make sure
Haha 5'1"!
As someone with a nut allergy that's super scary :D
Joke's on them EVERYTHING IS CHEMICALS
I'm sorry, that wasn't sarcastic - I'm 5'1" 110 lb and have them, too.
Haha sorry about that! Thanks for fixing it :) Right?? Ugh I've never been overweight my whole life but my breasts have stretch marks because I grew one cup size a year!!
Thanks for the tips!
Saaaaaame
My friend has PCOS and is actively losing weight, fuck these people.
True story, when I was a kid I would eat butter on its own.
Also "fat dog is a happy dog"
No, we liked the symbolism of the canopy being the creation of a new home. But if this isn't appropriate we won't do it.
I try not to use "sexual attraction" because so many people think sexual attraction = want to have sex with.
Maybe, as someone who's only ever found 7 people hot in my life I'd only ever used hot for those 7 people.
I'M SO GLAD THAT ENDED BETTER, I've had a predator try to pick me up out of their car when I was 12.
Are you referring to Australian Aboriginals or Native Americans?
My friend is Eastern Cherokee and a lot of her tribe prefers Indian. In her estimation it's a mix of "That's what my parents/grandparents/etc used" and a lack of education.
I think there's unknown lines between race, ethnicity, and culture. Race is biological, like dogs vs wolves, and humans don't qualify (we like mixing our genes too much, giggity). Ethnicity is both what someone identifies as based on their heritage and what others perceive them as. My White-Eastern Cherokee friend identifies as such, but sometimes she loathes her Native heritage because she feels like that's all people see in her. She also gets misraced a lot as Hispanic and Arabic (to the point that she's been called sand-n and Hispanic people she didn't know have spoken to her in Spanish). I personally know others perceive me as White, and that I experience White privilege. However, I have no sense of "ethnic pride" or culture, because my family history was lost somewhere between the booze and poverty. If a form says, "Ethnicity?" I put White but if I'm asked what my ethnic "identity" is I don't really know what to respond with.
RIGHT??????? Especially with all the antivaxxors around these days....
Hmm that's a good idea. The only justification I see for it is to make sure there's no racism going on.
Geez I'm so sorry, that's horrible :( Haha I'm glad it empowered you!
Locally, mostly informally in conversation. I find it's more effective than a class people come to, voluntarily or otherwise, because they're too embarrassed (Bible Belt).
His tail feathers feel too short for his wings
Joke's on them, they're not wolves!
Spanking - I learned that if I was in pain I would get forgiven. Led to self-harm and a fight-or-flight response to any fear of upsetting authority. Fun stuff! Also teaches your kid that those in authority are allowed to use violence.
I think you'll appreciate a rule that developed in my companion (H)'s home. H was sitting against the wall as punishment for something, and his dad asked if H was a rocket scientist. His dad always then asked if H was a nuclear physicist, or the head of cardiology. So H said, "No, I am not a rocket scientist, but I am a nuclear physicist and the head of cardiology." Then both parents had to go into the kitchen and started laughing. From then on out if he could smartass enough to make his parents laugh he wouldn't get punished.
That's like menstruation level, damn.
So what about XY people born with a vulva? It's called androgen insensitivity. Have you had your chromosomes tested? People assume someone's chromosomes based off their genitals, breasts, voice, clothes, etc all the time, and to act as if they don't is ignoring the world we live in. Get consumed in chromosomes all you like, the fact is that most people don't know theirs and never will.
This woman comes in to the vet with a POTATO of a chihuahua. Fat animals INFURIATE me because most animals can't control their weight. But when the vet comes out to talk to her she says he suddenly gained weight and I feel bad. Then she tells her friend he's "big boned" and I'm furious again. IS YOUR DOG FAT AND WILL YOU TAKE RESPONSIBILITY FOR IT?
*an active elf Hobbits need 4.
I've had a person make a meat sandwich and not change their gloves when they went to make my vegetarian sandwich so ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ people don't think of cross-contamination a lot, just of each order on its own.
Haha I can't see it on mine, either. "I find her most attractive when she is pregnant." Reason someone gave for preferring their wife morbidly obese.
Aww that sucks :( If you can afford a toaster oven those work as well!
Well retard has been used as a way to insult people who were not mentally/intellectually disabled, to say that person is acting like they are, which is bad for whatever reason. I've never heard "morbidly obese" used as an insult against someone who wasn't actually that.
Thank you, that's exactly why I've been trying to steer clear of them!
No, *Mongolians* were an ancient nomadic society that had lots of babies with lots of (conquered) groups. Back when we thought humans had races (we don't, we have culturally defined *ethnicities* which have no basis in science and whose definitions change from person to person - for example, Hispanic people had fluctuated between being legally classified as "White" and as "Hispanic" depending on if the US wanted more Latinx people immigrating in) it was used to describe people from Eastern and Central Asia (who are now people from China, Japan, Taiwan, Korea, and the Vietnams, to name a new countries - not people from Iraq, Iran, Saudi Arabia, and Pakistan, comparatively). What everyone is saying about using it to describe people with Down's is correct. Edit: I don't mean Mongolian *should* be used to describe people with Down's, just that it has been. People with Down's should be called just that- people with Down's.
Unless they're drug induced you probably want to get checked out, could be a tumor or something else "fun" making a home in your noggin.
Thanks for apologizing, and I'm sorry if I did come off as patronizing :) I don't know where you're coming from, so as a career teacher I just try to be thorough. That's the conclusion I came to as well. I feel you on the being assumed bit, people have asked me if I'm an aspie/tried to argue I am before (it's highly unlikely that I am, my dad isn't and all evidence suggests I'm at least XX - I've never been tested - so I'd have to mutate the gene myself).
I saw a vulture pounce on and kill a squirrel. ??? Thought they were scavengers??
Well thanks for owning up to that :) I FEEL YOU WITH NOT BEING TYPED, I developed a different way to read so that I'm a rare type of dyslexic, but I wasn't diagnosed until college. All those AP classes I could have taken and saved college money on.... Exactly! All of these things equated with intellectual/mental (I include mental because I know a lot of intelligent people with autism that are called stupid because of their social issues) are reprehensible and should be called out. However, actual disability usually isn't the fault of the person (and usually can't be fixed even if it was), so they shouldn't be belittled for it.
This is my dogs when my cat is around
