You're hired!
It's shown right above the timer.
Outside.
Y'all have me sold. Gonna jump the bandwagon and get a Weilong GTS soon.
Keep it up. Becoming CN is very useful - I feel it improved my overall recognition by a huge rate.
There's different algs for the same effect. I use the one from Badmephisto's sheet and find it super comfortable to execute.
To be fair, writing and drawing stuff by yourself helps boost your memory.
Oh, screw this thread. I'm outta here.
Have the green side facing you and apply the Anti-Sune algorithm: (R' U' R) U' (R' U2 R) This will permute the whole yellow top face.
*wince*
My crystal ball says: *????? Here, you dropped some of these*
SS Rainbow. It's stickerless, tho
Thanks for the explanation!
I can imagine you making the kid lick them up and reassemble the cube.
Come to the neutral side of the colors, you won't regret it!
It's kinda click-baity, tbh.
S'all good, keep it there, lol.
Always happy to help!
The old plastic was found to be slightly radioactive, and thus needed to be recalled.
To solve Layer By Layer you barely need any algorithms. Top of my head, there's OLL #1 (F R U R' U' F') Sune (no need for Anti, at the expense of efficiency and thus speed), A-Perm, U-Perm and uh.... That's all? All the remaining steps can be done intuitively; Just four algs is pretty alright for a beginner.
[Here's a Fuji TV (Japan) report about the incident](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ). It has English subtitles.
I dnon't do BLD yet, unfortunately. But I have been following OPs posts on this for a while now.
Odd. You might've used too much - I lube my cubes with 100% silicone and makes them wonderful.
Wow, gj!
Woooo, sub-37!
lol thx
That's fantastic advice, IMO everyone getting into CFOP should read this thread.
Coming from Beginner's Method, CFOP is the easiest progression towards speed and efficiency. Roux is fantastic, but it will be pretty much like learning it all over again - which isn't so ~~bead~~ bad because you need way less algorhitms and also haven't cubed in a while, so there's a high chance you won't be mixing up methods.
ayy lmao
- Faster - Easiest Pick one, tho
OP wants something that's both easy and fast. Being fast doesn't come easily, regardless of your method of choice. In hindsight, I just noticed this is that one troll account, so let's just ignore it.
I'm on a roll with breaking my averages, fam, so excited! Got my first sub-30 Ao5 that wasn't due to a series of lucky scrambles and/or skips - all full step, too! And almost breaking sub-35 Ao-Ao100 already, which is just crazy to think of because I struggled so much from sub-50 to sub-40. My efficiency has been increasing at an unbelievable rate lately, whoa.
Aight. Lookup an Intuitive F2L tutorial called Rido's Hunting Story - getting it down, you should easily break constant sub-60s, and the earlier you learn it, the better off you'll be in the long run.
Congrats! Love the cap!
Sidebar
Aaah, gotcha!
You're not wrong. Cubers have ~~tenths~~ ~~teens~~ ~~teeth~~ tens, sometimes hundreds of what we call *algorithms* memorized: Pre-defined move sequences intended to take the cube from one state to another but only moving specific pieces towards their desired spots while all the others are kept in place. With muscle memory and quick reflexes, often combined with the ability to "predict" how the cube will turn out after a specific sequence of moves, one is able to solve the cube in a matter of seconds. That's not to say every solve is pretty much the same - each solve is unique, since there's *43 quintillion* possible permutations for a cube: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rubik%27s_Cube#cite_note-Vaughen-27 Also, here's the current Top 100 lowest times for solving a 3x3: https://www.worldcubeassociation.org/results/events.php?eventId=333&amp;amp;regionId=&amp;amp;years=&amp;amp;show=100%2BPersons&amp;amp;single=Single
http://www.twistypuzzles.com/cgi-bin/puzzle.cgi?pkey=5275
Good stuff! My J(b) is still very shaky, tho, but I'll look into it!
Nooooice, fam! I gove you less than a week to break through the 60's!
No, he's Mo'Nique
Top of my head, I think I know around 30. There's so many more, though. Muscle Memory is amazing - I couldn't call them out step by step in writing without a cube in my hands, it would confuse me a lot.
Hope it helps! Welcome into the hobby :D
Braucht doch mehr Umlaut.
Most timer apps keep track of your averages - ZYX Timer even lets you know, based on your Ao100, what sub-x category you're currently at.
Different strokes for different folks, then. I had tried a couple approaches and his is what clicked the most, despite the style.
Badmephisto's OLL guide is pretty solid, IMO, but his PLL guides... not as much for me. I'm using AlgDB to get the PLLs, and it truly is an amazing source. I'm trying about one per week or so, just so it isn't too overwhelming.
You're correct. I started doing it as I was averaging 1:15min Andy times skyrocketed up to *six minutes*. They went down pretty consistently as I practiced, so my advice is: Do. It time yourself. Focus on learning and understanding F2L.
I'd like to graph my times. I've thousands of times solves but no idea of how to even start to do it.
[One of us! one of us!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9C4uTEEOJlM)
Whaddya mean by "improvised solves", hand scrambles?
Working ways to find an optimal solution doing many solves with one specific scramble, then?
How did it go?
Good call!
Thanks, really appreciate it. "Calm yo tits" is indeed one of my favorite expressions, hah.
Meiying is a FANTASTIC cube. Very fast and stable. The stickers are top notch and the color scheme is very bright, I love it. The Gans 356 is definitely one of the best cubes out there, too.
Oh, I'm relieved. Speaking from someone who's always stubborn about seeing a doctor for whatever reason, you're doing well in getting this checked. I'm assuming you're, tops, in your 20's - so there's plenty of resilience in your body yet, in which case don't get too worried about this. Just don't push yourself too much or you could potentially hurt yourself. Edit: can't grammer
Need to step up my game now.
It happens to me sometimes - one of these days I was constantly smashing my averages, it's crazy. As far as PLL goes, my suggestion is that you learn about one per week, and drill each one until they're natural. Start with easily recognizable cases containing full bars or headlight sets (like H and Z, for example), and check out www.algdb.net to find algs that work well for you.
I'm Color Neutral, so to avoid any kind of bias I always start from a rand position. That's now how official WCA events roll, though (as far as I know), because on those everyone gets the same scramble.
Yeah, but I don't really do reconstructions myself yet, so it's ok.
"Impressive" is an understatement, IMO.
I'm not in the US/EU, so Traxxas is ridiculously expensive over here - I use a spray-on 100% silicone which a few cuber friends vouched for and works real wonders. Since it is pure silicone, it won't hurt the plastic. Just make sure to not overdo and you'll be fine - of course you can clean it up with some paper towel if that's too much, but you'll get the feel eventually for how much is enough.
I used to play piano / guitar some 15 years ago, I have a little idea of how nervous you were haha. Great job!
A recent post from an account dubbed "Official Cubers Method" or something along those lines. They were proposing a new method, which was allegedly superior because it started with a white cross (not even kidding here, they said "all great methods start with the cross" or whatnot.
To avoid distractions, yeah.
Whoa, Gj!
Like madness, I'm tellin' ya! D: It's a New School piece based on Alice in Wonderland - I've already got the Red Queen and the White Rabbit done... Some 25 hours into them and so much left yet!
Ermahgerd fam, sick method!
Can I haz PB? 23.76! And did one accidentally untimed solve that was DEFINITELY sub-20. I mean, it was a 5-move xxCross but still, when I saw I hadn't started the timer properly I was upside down pissed.
I'd say OLL, then. One-Look is the way now for ya, IMO
An advice I always give and sometimes forget to apply to myself, how ironic, is to do non-timed solves. For a couple days I did many of those and can sense I improved a ton now. Crazy.
It's fantastic. Do use it. I'm currently sub-33 and use algorhotms for like 3 out the 42 total F2L cases only. The rest is all intuitive Nd I learned it from Rido's method.
&gt;algs are intuitive Top kek
~~IIRC x is like F with the whole cube and y is R with the whole cube.~~ read the post below mine.
My right thumb and middle fingers hold the B slice and my index finger slams down the space between F and M slices. It's a knack. Much easier with my stickered Meiying than with my stickerless SS, FWIW. Edit: To add to it, if my cube is running short on lube but still decent, I just hit the M slice and it does an f move.
Thanks, I'll edit the OP!
Ah, there's that. Forgot about the random orientation, which is indeed very important in the event.
Colour me surprised, I've been mixing these up for the longest time now :|
Ah, makes sense. I've been developing this skill sort of intuitively lately - mostly doing non-timed solves and experimenting different solutions for trickier cases. I'll try to consciously practice it in the coming days and see how it goes.
Them chills, doe.
Take a look inside...
*turning to the Emperor* "Is this your card?"
You took advantage of the situation and made it happen. Damn right you should be proud of it, and not guilty at all.
Creating a white cross is a vital step to any method at all. [Source](https://www.reddit.com/r/Cubers/comments/4mgwyo/redditcubers_official_method_creation_6416_day_one/)
From the other side of the spectrum, I'm sub-33 and my cross takes 3 to 7 seconds. Your F2L must be incredibly efficient - what are your splits, and also do you do Full PLL?
There's a reason why they're a substitute teacher.
My jimmies have been successfully rustled now.
Thoughts on Stickerless Meiying vs. Weilong GTS? I'm considering the latter, even though it is *extremely* expensive over here (US$ 27,00) - But it's either that or risk importing fees + wei long shipping times.
I switched to ZYX after Chaotimer wouldn't measure my Ao1k. Been really good so far.
Most excellent scramble CsTimer just gave me: D2 L2 B2 F' D2 B L2 B' U F D' B2 U2 F' D' U2 R F
It works wonders, for real.
"VHLS (short for Vandenbergh-Harris Last Slot) is a step of the Vandenbergh-Harris method that basically does the same thing as ZBLS using much fewer algorithms—the last slot is filled in while orienting the edges of the last layer. **The reason why there are much fewer algorithms is because all of the cases have a F2L pair already or just one move away from making one**. If the cube doesn't apply to that, you have to create a F2L pair or make it one move away." Sauce: https://www.speedsolving.com/wiki/index.php/VHLS
That and M slices. It took me quite a while to realize I could / should be using them during the cross every now and then.
Definitely worth it. Might take a while to get used to them, but you'll have a blast.
Says who?
Yup. If you wish to intimidate other interviewees and preemptively make them more nervous about the competition, it's better to be more subtle. I'd always carry a german newspaper with me, for example - but I know German, so I can back that up, naturally, lol.
Do a quarter turn on each and see how it goes.
They asked for the individual unit price, not a bulk of 50 /s
Thankfully you're not our Lord and Savior Leo, so your rudely expressed opinion doesn't really matter to OP, I supposed.
ZYX Timer has an OLL/PLL trainer and you may include your own algos.
Did I unlearn how to English or is the title incredibly confusing? Edit; Ok, I got this. Somehow CsTimer marked 20 minutes during a PLL practice session?
Witty, eh. Just a misspelling - now back into topic, what's up with it anyway?
My feelings, precisely. I mean, this topic has indeed been discussed before and whatnot, but it has sparked some fine discussion overall. I'm cool with this post.
Bowtie OLL friggin' hate that regrip and y2 combo.
Instant switch. Thank you so much.
Fantastic. For real.
Options / Expprt Top left corner of the screen.
Nice! Keep practicing, F2L and Cross are things that always need improvement, regardless of your averages.
Happens to me sometimes. I'm still chasing that elusive sub-20 PB but even with easy crosses or skips I end up missing them because of bad f2l or too much adrenaline going. I'll give your scramble a couple tries and report back, tho. Edit: Ran an Ao5: 29.68. Not bad for my standards. I'm color neutral, so I did five wholly different solutions and got a PLL skip in one of them.
It took me almost two months to realize F and B are the other way around, lol. It happens.
You clearly never had cats.
I'm closing into sub-30 now and know about 8 PLLs and like 11 or 12 OLLs. 2-Look PLL takes me roughly 4 seconds, but if I manage to one-look it, only 2, even less for some cases. At your current averages, I'd say work some easier PLL cases without much pressure for getting Full PLL (all the while you drill the cases you already know to get them really good, sub-2 seconds at least) and focus on Cross and F2L. Exactly one month ago I was sub-45 and working on those steps is without a doubt what boost my times the most.
Which app do you use? Most do it by design, whereas ZYX Timer (iOS) had the option to not cut the best/worst times, in which case what you'll see is a mean, not an average.
*shots fired*
Android? Try Twisty Timer. Many people sing high praises about it.
Getting good at F2L can easily get you under one minute average.
March 29th is what I consider groud zero - that's when I first started to solve without cheat sheets. I'd started a couple days prior to that.
Thanks! *flair updating intensifies*
Just finished cleaning, reassembling and lubing my Meiying. It had an uncanny amount of cat hair on the core, lol. Totally worth the effort, feels brand spanking new!
You needed guidance to find the method which allowed you to follow a path, making it s "puzzle game" of sorts at first. Now that you know the method but not the specific path (every solve is different), it's still a puzzle but you may treat it as a game at the same time, since you're likely always racing the clock and there is a clear objective in mind, to which you can always find smarter solutions - thus a fast-paced puzzle.
I may or may not imagine similar scenarios.
Ayy lmao, I shouldn't have laughed at this. Alas, I have a messed up sense of humor.
Oooooooh, TIL, lol
CFOP uses an established set of algorhitms, which *must* be applied obeying certain rules (Valid color scheme and specific cube orientation for example). This set of algorhitms is known and has been proven mathematically able to permute their target cases in specific forms every time they are done in accordance to the aforementioned rules.
That's what it is. Recently there's been some giveaways to people who had their cues stolen, and OP is a frequent flyer on /r/beermoney, so it makes sense.
Did you check out AlgDB? They have an uncanny amount of options, out of which some can fit your style well.
Spitting mad fire these past couple days again! Got a 26.xx Ao5 and sub-30 Ao12/50. Currently floating Ao100, ~~30.27~.60.~~ ~~Oops, 30.17~.25 GET HYPE!~~ 30.06~.10 I CAN FEEL MY BODY GETTING HAIRIER ALREADY WOOOO Five days until my 3rd month anniversary in cubing. It's gonna happen, fam, and it's gonna be real soon.
Best: Getting a high-five from a stranger while waiting for a train. Worst: Cube explosion on a crowded escalator - Saved all the pieces!
Probably magic.
I mean... It's one of the few "logical" conclusions someone might draw if said someone has no idea of how solving a cube works and also refuses to accept any marginally more intelligent explanation. I don't really mind it anymore. Perhaps I've been heckled so many times on my job that I grew some sort of thick skin for something that literally has no secret to be hidden.
Bruh, I became CN when I was averaging 55 seconds. You made an excellent choice! It is vital that you don't give up, ever, as this will be a lifetime's worth investment in efficiency. My cross and f2l became a whole other animal once I got used to color neutrality. I highly recommend this to anyone who's averaging between 40s and 60s.
Learn alg sets divided by common triggers. Check out Badmephisto's OLL list, it's solid.
I don't really have any issues, but if the color scheme is too different, it throws me off big time.
Most shops ship internationally. Zhcube for price and bulk orders, Speedcubeshop for top notch service, vouched for many-a redditors, UKCubeStore for cheaper shipping, since they're in ~~EU~~ Europe.
&gt; when this list gets weilong 10/10
They're not smartphones, lol. They will either suit one's turning style well or not :P AlgDB is an amazing source, nonetheless.
&gt; Jazz Jackrabbit Oh my, that nostalgia rush doe!
You're da real MVP!
*I'm moist*
Sub-18 with a Rubik's brand? With a proper speedcube you'll be zeroing in no time.
I've had my Meiying corner twist and pop *once* each in 4k+ solves. And that's only after I loosened its tensions a bit too much to experiment - its corner cutting is fantastic out of the box, too. Highly recommend it. Has a pretty sandy feeling, which is nice.
Thats a whole lotta balls to swicth at sub-20, wow!
In case /u/JAKPiano3412 turned off notifications for his posts, we can summon him through an username mention to let him know we love him and want him back :D
Thanks, man! What blew me away the most is that even the 20.17 was full step! Two-Look OLL and a lucky Ab Perm PLL. The F2l just flowed so well on this one - I think I'm slowly starting to get the hang of intentional lookahead, which has been helping me tons lately. Three days until my 3rd month "anniversary" in cubing - if I get a sub-20~~0~~ single by then I'll be stoked!
Noooice, GJ! Keep practicing and you'll be sub-30 in no time!
It does look cool, but gaaaaah, those M' slices tho, doesn't flow well to me :| all the whole I love doing the Na Perm, even though it takes forever to execute, lol.
Cubeschool
Yeah, I always confused M' and M, so I ended up doing it backwards. The M (following R', if I'm not mistaken this time) is what gets me. I can do M2s rather quickly, though.
Without a video, it's hard to tell. I assume you're using the Astley method? If so, you might want to look up Rick's NG/GYU Tutorial.
Yeah, I realized later that OP's single is sub-90's. The Game is a good source to learn Kaja's, btw.
Woop-dee-doo, beat my Ao12/50/100 (Sib-29 hype!)
As per the other commenter's explanation, it's more like a "know ahead" than "look ahead". You know what's the first wrong piece and where does it go to, then where does the piece in this place goes and so on until the cube is solved - you literally solve it one piece at a time. Ps: I know your heart is in the right place and this is serious question, but sorry, I couldn't help but giggle at "look ahead" on a question about BLD.
I looked it up earlier and IIRC it's only for a 7x7, or is there a template for 3x3 that I didn't see? Gosh, this is thoroughly confusing, lol
Right... Let me see if I get this straight: ~~U face goes A through H) ignoring the center cap), then L face goes I through P...?~~ Ignore this. I clearly didn't get the point at first.
Oh, damn. I had the corners completely messed up, haha. But yo, thanks for the help!
Just how high are you, OP?
Other than nearly empty, if you compare to official, open comps?
Make an unofficial comp. Problem solved.
You see, *now* we're getting somewhere. I'd trade an official PB for a Drunk MultiBLD at anytime.
The flat earth society has members all around the globe. Eventually the word will spread.
186?
I managed to watch the first three earlier and the mechanics of BLD kinda clicked on me finally - the way OP works is far simpler than I originally thought, lol.
Wow, that's fantastic. My PB with beginners method was around 48.xx before I switched. You're doing good in becoming and getting comfortable with CN - Green is my personal nemesis, lol.
Cat be like *"What the hell, Brian. I'm a cat and don't even have hands"*
Force yourself to use the easiest cross available. It's super awkward at first, but very doable as well. Unlimited inspection time, as well as not timing yourself is mandatory - you just got to force yourself into learning to recognize new pairs.
My rule of thumb for demonstrations is to always add 20 seconds. Perhaps double my time - this makes it all much safer and people will usually be a bit more impressed.
Oooow. I had my first couple 3x3s gloriously pop in the subway too. One time it semi-exploded on a crowded escalator. Luckily it was going up, so I somehow managed to rescue it Allan's solve my shame away.
In other words, how to build a popping machine?
Doesn't sound uh... Feasible to me. Dunno, could turn our surprising but AFAIK it shouldn't turn out nice.
Others have already elaborated far better than I possibly could on the subject, but just to add something else that occurred me: When one reaches the stage of learning 1LLL algs, then their pattern recognition is already very well developed. FWIW, there's a handful of sufficiently feasible 1LLL cases, as far as recognition goes.
I think you overtensioned it, OP.
CFOP is a tool, and a rather efficient one while we are at it. Can hammers be lame? Nah. Can people make lame, boring use of them? Yeah.
Well, to be fair you don't necessarily need a Rainman-esque memory to do Multi. Read about the Loci technique, also known as Memory Palace. Heck, I remember the first exercise I did when reading about it on a Harry Loraine book on memorization years ago.
The 70s called and they want their jokes back.
Call Centers? Desk jobs during a slow day? Retail cashier on a slow day? Pretty much any job where you have a Internet access and are sitting down not needing to do anything since while you wait for the next call or customer.
You misspelled parody algorithm.
It's an *advanced* Rubik's cube, man!
If I only had three fingers and had to do it while holding a spoon at the same time, I'd also have one helluva hard time learning a 5th battle move.
Slow? Your F2L must be godly.
Don't think so. Cyotheking is the best when it comes to PLL videos.
Each day you don't order them is another day it will take for shipping them. You could be surprised. I've ordered stuff from China that arrived within less than 2 business weeks and Brazilian customs are famously horrible.
Next step is practice, and the one before it - the step you should focus in for a while - is more practice.
Ask and you shall receive! https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Iv6Fkv9pOD50HTpOgNnKlIP9e1s33_7raBS7ui91li6pczxpd4jRGODaaW8BY9dTBsBEIelIdbHjNejq/view?usp=drivesdk
My brain hurts.
Do Our Real Eyes Realize The Real Lies?
You're correct. It sounds like such a counterintuitive strategy at first, but slowing down allows you to cut pauses off from your solves, and this pays back with an effectively faster solving time, even though it may not feel like it.
You're correct. It sounds like such a counterintuitive strategy at first, but slowing down allows you to cut pauses off from your solves, and this pays back with an effectively faster solving time, even though it may not feel like it.
I love your flair so much.
*Get on all 4x4's*
I call it selective myopia.
Join us! We throw amazing parties, tbh
You could use a syringe. Or perhaps a zip location bag. As far as application goes... Overlubbing is a self-solving (lol, see what I did there?) issue.
Magic is definitely more accessible to everyone, with all the pros and cons that one would expect to come along. And apparently he's performing stuff so badly that the methodology is pretty much given away without the least sign of finesse. I have only watched one of this guy's videos, however, so this point relates to what fellow magi have told me and I could be wrong. Your point on casual viewers is also absolutely correct.
L and R
/r/iamverysmart is leaking.
Such a classic. Simply beautiful.
Unless the wrong scramble gives you a Cross+1 skip, count it. This ain't no official comp, and every scramble is a game of luck anyway.
17.75 PB Ao100 yesterday, feels good. But then today I had a casual half hour session and seemingly unlearn how to F2L when sleepy.
Did you just assume my color scheme?
