Read it with my wife, and while it was helpful it's certainly no magic fix for relationship problems. I didn't care for the religious overtones, and the book simplified that people only speak one love language when in fact they can speak of all them depending on the situation.
Good to know at least my shoes and my belt will always get checked. The only thing that comforts my disdain for TSA is knowing that they're getting constantly radiated by the x-ray machines.
McLaren P1 still looks the most bonkers in person out of the three hypercars
I do this all the time with my LBS and they're cool with it. I support them by bringing my bike in for service and pay them accordingly.
Bust out the Bud Light Limes!!!
I'm surprised he's lasted this long. I know this is a development year for Aprilia but it doesn't make it any less embarrassing to be dead last every time.
I thought Ike Turner was the Hero of Music. lol
Mostly drugs according to The Armstrong Lie lol
The CTD won't be any more plusher. If you want plush, go with a Revelation or a Pike. The new Fox 36 is also very plush, and their new line of forks should be plush as well.
A Fox 32 is hardly an ultra light XC fork. He asked for opinions on plush from people who ridden both non CTD and CTD 32s and that's what I did. Now, how exactly are you helping?
The context of the post never said "I want a xc fork with only 100mm travel". They asked about plushness of CTD, which the only Fox fork atm that's plush is the 36. And I've had a 150mm 32, so much for being an xc only fork...
Clever quote, must have a hard time googling it. The Revelation is a 32mm stanchion fork just like the Fox 32 the OP was asking about..and it even comes in Dual Air to adjust it down to XC spandex loving levels. But go ahead and continue to be pissed that I mentioned a 36. What about a Boxxer, that should be plush right? LOL
Yo momma so fat that when she went swimming in the ocean, she came out with harpoons on her back
Samson is open, as is Big Cedar.
I rode Samson yesterday and it's in decent shape, just needs some trimming and there are two minor wet spots but most of the park is in rideable shape.
Rio Mambo in Arlington on Fridays, and Rio Mambo in Colleyville on Saturdays
I went two weekends ago pretty much just for the Simpsons area. $95 plus parking is expensive as hell, but I was in LA for work and wasn't about to fly back in the future just to go to Universal. I did really think they were going to have Bort licence plates but they didn't, although I did enjoy the Duff Brewery section. My favorite part was that they play classic clips from the show in all the waiting areas.
Buying stock in Crestfield Wax paper now...
Suntour forks. I know their air forks are supposed to be "ok" (although I haven't seen any details as to what kind of damping they use and how good it works), but their bottom rung stuff that they put on all beginner's bikes is all crap.
That was a great article. I went to see the USWNT almost ten years ago now in the FC Dallas stadium and I was shocked to witness how quiet it was despite it being packed. While it was cool to actually hear the players yell to each other, I couldn't help to think how awesome it would be if they had the 'real' soccer atmosphere. IMO it was a truly stupid decision to not have a WMLS, specially after '99.
Not looking good for Northshore, or any of the trails around Grapevine. Last I heard, the lake is 20+ feet over and the water will slowly be released so as to not flood places downstream.
TLD A1 helmet. Great fit, good ventilation, and great looks.
"Gotta walk that off. Caught me slippin'"
Sooo they pretty much they play and behave like any regular men's national team LOL
Obama should have been on Girl on Guy first instead of WTF
This movie was tailor-made for How Did This Get Made podcast, but I wouldn't want them to give FIFA any publicity or revenue.
No doubt this is the best way to go to not sink in a lot money on an entry level bike, but I'd rather find a good used fork with better damping and adjustment.
MotoGP clearly doesn't need Stoner. I don't know why people can't seem to let go and accept that a) he's gone and so are his golden days and b) motoGP has moved on and no one except die-hard fans have missed him
I honestly think the only guy so far that can retire and have a significant impact on MotoGP is Rossi.
Not any better than blind fanboyism. I'd much rather see new talent who are the future of the sport.
Best show ever.
LOL that's for sure.
I wish it would have gone 11 vs 11 the entire 90 mins. Sloppy indeed from the US, they don't have any other gameplan except "kick it to Wambach/Morgan". I'm ready to the US to get eliminated, way too much hype for low quality results.
Ducts, air handler and everything else besides the fan and compressor are in the attic.
I'm in Fort Worth so yeah if you don't mind passing me the info of the roofing company I'd appreciate it.
Thanks for the good input. I understand that hvac in the hot attic is not good but all homes here are built that way.
it's an all brick home. What kind of contractor do I contact for proper attic venting? I already had two radiant barrier guys come in recommending powered fans in the attic, but that's not the way I want to go and made me think that perhaps I should be talking to someone else.
Giggity giggity, allright!
Another vote for her character dying in Season 6. The sooner the better.
Not yet, the the trail steward from FWMBA posted that latest rain we had flooded the sections by the river and the ground is still seeping in the upper sections. Once the seeping stops it should dry quickly with all this heat.
Since the last world cup, Chile sure are trying their best to be the douchiest team from south america.
The downturn was the perfect excuse for companies to get rid of jobs, pay less, and have employees do more work. They're perfectly happy to keep things this way since "times are still tough" and "we need to stay on the path of recovery" or whatever BS they can spin.
And that would do what exactly? I'm not talking about working minimum wage jobs, I'm talking about some of the biggest corporations in this country.
Suntour's bottom-end forks really are junk. It's really crappy that pretty much all beginner bikes come with these type of forks--I'd rather not get a fork and find my own or get a rigid fork.
You win the award for most misguided post ever. I'm not even from mexico but I have a hard time giving any kind of validity to any of your "points" since they're based on completely erroneous assumptions.
You've nailed it. I cannot wait for them to get knocked out and have the likes of Wambach and hopefully Morgan go off into the sunset.
There are far, far worse things in this country to worry about besides "they took our jubs!" hysteria. By the way, correlation does not equal causation for whatever it is that you have "objectively observed".
This may break the internet.
Agreed that the tactics and the playing philosophy need a serious and complete overhaul. The USWNT's tactics were long in the tooth even back in '99. Japan has shown that you can win by playing good, smart soccer and not by only out running/out muscling your opponent.
Dad, why did you bring me to a gay steel mill?
I'm sure there is a kilo of cocaine, a jet ski, and a bmx bike just out of the frame of the camera.
In my experience this isn't really accurate because she wouldn't have even been invited in the first place to an event where it's mostly couples/married people.
No they won't, just watch Japan play.
So what cargo got blown up during this or was it not carrying anything important?
What a piece of crap car. Not because it's got that paint job or because it's lowered, but because it's just plain terrible car. Never have I felt like I was driving a pure appliance like I did when I got stuck with a Prius for two weeks on a work trip.
I wish The Stig would have been with them (or even taken off his helmet) at the end. Both episodes were hilarious and I guess i'm still in a state of shock/denial that it was truly the last episode. I felt incredibly uncomfortable when both said 'thank you for watching and goodnight'
Come on, sticky penis wheels!!
The brakes are indeed good, but that's the only positive thing I've got to say. When these cars came out, I definitely understand why you'd get one but now that other brands have caught up I honestly don't see why you'd buy one. I've driven a hybrid Hyundai before and that car was great--it felt like a normal car and it was optioned and styled inside and out like a normal car. Part of my intense dislike for the Prius is my contempt for Toyota. They give you the bare bones and expect you to pay a premium based on the reputation of cars they made 20+ years ago.
The new series should be called: POWER!!
I don't have a problem with MM being agressive, but he needs to stop his whining when things don't go his way.
Yes, but I feel that Toyota are the worst offenders in making it a point to put the least effort into a car, demanding a premium for it, and refuting that it's not a good car just because it has their logo in the front. The "new" Tacoma is almost a perfect example--claiming it's the instantaneous best truck ever when really is that it's a warmed-over rehash of the current model with problems that they still don't know how to fix.
How does Smith even know what happens at the top of the grid? LOL
It was never designed for that.
Come on, sticky penis wheels!
Not looking forward to this movie
This guy needs to retire running his mouth about MotoGP. He sounds like one of those douchebags who like to badmouth their ex when in fact they got dumped for being a douchebag.
All parts of this story sound incredibly messed up. I sincerely hope this guy, his ex-wife, and their kids get some good therapy since I'm sure none is this has had any kind of good effect on any of them--whether direct or indirect.
I've got a '12 SB-66 that I picked up used last year. I've ridden it hard and no issues. It's a tank but it has the geometry that all the new bikes are still trying to catch up with. Some wide rims and high volume tires and it will almost feel like a 27.5. Put some decent suspension on it and it will shred with the best of them.
I built mine from the frame up. It's got a Pike and RS Debonair with 2x10 Sram x9 drivetrain and a Reverb dropper. The wheels are WTB i23 with Trail Kings. I haven't weighed it but I'd say around mid 30lbs. i'm not a weight weenie so it doesn't affect me, but just the frame itself weights around 17lbs if remember correctly.
She's a good scream queen. She probably got the worst death out of all the expandable characters. I sort of wish she'd stuck around.
I got grossed out and scared as hell all in one. The 'birthing' scene with Pablo was one of the most disgusting things I've seen in a show, and the creepy 'children' were scary as hell. I like how Ash put duct tape on the cut on the side of his face LOL
Dodged a bullet on that one, go out an celebrate!
This is exciting. there must be something there if even yamaha were playing with it. Bring on the crazy wings!
New road on East 1st Street along with a new pedestrian bridge that will connect the paved trail across the river, among some other stuff.
I won't put it past Stoner to be pissed off enough at Honda to come back and spoil their game plan, and possibly winning some races with a better Duc won't hurt either.
Welcome to the dark side of apartment living, where the leasing agent will tell you everything to get you to sign the lease but will seldom stand by any of it followed up by random surprises thrown in. Move out to a "better" complex (they're all not good in different ways) or rent/buy a house.
Beware of used full suspension bikes that are a couple of years old. Technology moves quickly, and who knows how they've been maintained. It's a lot smarter to go with a new(er) hardtail than an older full suspension.
Oh hell no. She's terrible.
Yes I did.
I had high hopes for it based on Daredevil, but the pacing, character development, plot, and bad acting really killed it for me.
But Rossi did get penalized, and Marquez has yet to be reigned in so this article doesn't really make sense. If Rossi is that big a driver, he'd have his 10th championship or maybe even more. Dorna is dominated by the Spanish, so it's highly dubious that they're catering only to Rossi.
This. There is a lot of crap that passes as Salsa these days. I wasn't in love with salsa when I started dancing but the more I explored into the music itself the more I wanted to dance and the more I wanted to explore the music, etc. Ultimately, it's ok if salsa music isn't your thing but do some exploring in the genre before you write it off--you might be surprised.
Oh for sure, hence why the last race had no controversy. I'm being sarcastic btw. Dorna showed that they know which side the bread is buttered by how they handled what happened.
I put one on earlier last month (Wolftooth) when I switched to 1x11 and no dropped chains so far. I've been riding for about 3 years now, and maybe i'm still not experienced enough to tell a difference between a regular chainring and the oval. I knew I needed a 30T for climbing but picked a 32T oval. So far I've been able to climb like I used to with my 2x10 setup. I'd say go for it, it definitely can't hurt.
Buy tires on Tirerack and have them shipped to a NTB. Cheaper or at least the same price as Discount.
I ordered an adjustable riser block along with a mat at the same time I ordered the trainer, so hopefully I'll be good to go. I've been thinking of getting a computer, but seems like none do rpm without a powermeter or using a 'smart' trainer.
Sad all around. This guy should be getting the mental help he needs instead of being left to his own devices.
I wonder if it was pancreatic cancer
Railhead bbq. Fred's burgers. Chef Point is a kick-ass as well.
Congrats, now take some time to tidy up all those loose cables all over the place.
Good to see that someone in that position can still smile. It was truly heart-breaking to see how this kid was ground up and spit out by the system.
Just look how hard it is got get police officers prosecuted who have killed people while they were being detained.
so what was the MOTIVE for the murder of TH? I don't remember this ever been mentioned in the trial by either the prosecution or defense.
I was about to post essentially the same thing. I have family and friends in Austin and I hope FW doesn't become like present-day Austin. More than 5 years ago I'd love to live in Austin but not anymore. Traffic, stupid rent/property prices, way too many people, traffic.
Agreed that because of the infrastructure and the way it's laid out a growth of 1mil people is more drastic in a place like Austin. Austin is slowly bloating by absorbing places around like Round Rock, Bee Caves, Buda, etc as people trot further out to find more affordable/less crowded places to live.
One year of living under people who stomped around at all hours of the night cured me of living in multi-level apartment complexes. I lived in townhome-style apartments from that point on and thankfully I own a home now. The relief of knowing that no one will ever live above me again is priceless.
Try a 32T oval. I went with this setup and it does feel a little easier to climb on compared to a normal 32T.
We used Bridge Residential to rent from and they were good although their maintenance person was a pain to deal with.
Maybe Kate del Castillo was the consultant for the narco storyline, seeing as she so buddy-buddy with El Chapo.
I hope the Rams remaining home games look like what the Oilers games looked like after they said they were moving to Tennessee.
If loving big boobs is wrong, then I don't want to be right...
I got a ticket in that section a while ago. My fault ultimately but it's totally BS that it goes from 75 to 50 for no damn reason other than to give tickets.
Fiveten Freerider Elements. They're made to be mostly waterproof. If you don't care that much about the stiffness of the sole or pedaling dynamics, then any of the hiking shoes you listed will be fine. I used trail hiking shoes when I started and they did the job, but I got a pair of 5.10s on sale and they were more than a step above what I was using.
Real Estate.
Regal in Fossil Creek and Cinemark in Alliance Town Center both have the updated reclining motorized seats that you can almost lay down in.
TV respects me. It laughs with me, not *at* me.
Smith and Pinkett are involved with Scientologists. That should be enough to invalidate any arguments or points they're trying to make. They should go complain to Tom about not being nominated.
This show had me in stitches and so glad to see the Police Squad/Naked Gun humor make a come-back. This show really needs a true deadpan guy like Leslie Nielsen, and they need to pace the gags a bit better but so far so good. Rashida Jones can do no wrong!
That's fine, and you keep reading People, Vanity Fair, etc.
The Boy looks properly creepy and scary! Are you afraid of being typecast in the horror genre due to The Walking Dead? From the Talking Dead and other interviews it seems like you've got a great sense of humor, it'd be great to see you in a comedic role!
What about Kratz? Is a predatory sex maniac ok to move in next door?
Heard this on NPR yesterday, and was cracking up listening to the first two songs. I've been getting into jazz over the past couple of months and find this hilarious considering all the phases jazz has gone through and all the different jazz genres that came about.
"Lisa, get away from that Jazz man!" LOL
It will really depend on what Vale decides to do IMO. I don't see Jor-gey going anywhere else and we all know Marquez isn't going anywhere.
Orthopedic surgeon's dream come true.
I would watch "Washing Machines of The People" if it were to be hosted by May. He can make anything look and sound interesting.
i really hope there is more meat to this than them just getting into crazy situations looking for a cat, otherwise it's going to be like a really, really long Key &amp; Peele skit. Freaking hilarious with the George Michael song.
and I barely went to 1x11 last month! 50T sounds nuts. I'm fat and out of shape and even I don't think I need that much range unless i want to put like a 38T on the front. I'm happy as it is with the Shimano GX set-up. No special hub driver and it works well. Now if they could only find a solution to dropping down the chain down the cassette when backpedaling in the 42T.....
Maybe it's just me but this year's round-table vids have been specially crappy. No real insight on the bikes, followed by the same comments (e.g. "this was plush", "I had fun", "this rails", etc). In addition, it certainly boggles my mind that you'd fly out a team of testers out to Vermont with a bunch of bikes, gear, tools, etc and yet not think of bringing some lapel mics for the round table vids. The audio is just freaking terrible!
Javier Mascherano: The Wesley Snipes of Football. Is it that they just don't want to pay taxes or is it that they're not the sharpest tool in the shed to pick someone around them competent enough to handle their finances?
Yep. It almost made me start drinking wine...and I hate wine.
Partly true but they don't have the exact same suspension kinematics and I'm sure the geometry while similar can't be the exact same. I was hoping that people that work for a bike magazine reviewing bikes could come up with more insight than the same buzz words.
Anthem to me felt like a hard and fast XC bike that would be good for racing. The Camber is a bit more comfortable but still XC and harsh. Try to go test ride both and see how they feel.
Japan is pretty racist so this isn't a surprise.
Aprilia factory contract then? I don't see Suzuki or Ducati signing him.
I have similar in-laws. They claim to be always in "I have to save money" mode but the wife got a new laptop for Christmas and the husband is sporting the latest cell phone. Not to mention their upcoming vacation only for the two of them without the kids. Meanwhile the kids learn that they come last in this family, and that if they want anything they have to get it themselves or from other family members.
I still remember a time before the MLS existed--back when soccer got less coverage than extreme sports. The fact that the US could field a very competent team for the '90 and '94 World Cups is still an impressive achievement. I'm pleasantly surprised the MLS has stuck around as long as it has, but at the same time it seems to have stagnated. I rarely, if ever, watch a MLS game. While the quality of play has slowly been growing, it still isn't very good and the refereeing is god-awful. Beckham did do a lot for the MLS and US soccer in general, but i feel like not enough was done to maintain and build on that momentum. The whole designated player always going to the same teams (LA, NY) got old quick. The MLS started off as a joke in the minds of traditional soccer fans, and it's grown and improved a lot since then but it's still a retirement league.
I thought this was going to be all about him ironing the bill of his hat to get it as flat as possible LOL But in all seriousness, looks like a lot of freaking hard work. The motocross part looks fun but having to work out religiously as well as watching your weight doesn't sound fun at all.
But they can change! lol
Yet they don't accept Diners Club...
Well, if Honda would have kept their trap shut about having "absolute proof in the data" that Rossi kicked Marquez then no one would be asking about it. Everyone involved handled this poorly last year, and they're not handling it so well now by continuing to bring it up.
If you want to be served by underage, scantily-clad girls then go to Ojos Locos. Same creepy predator vibe from the men and desperate-for-attention vibe from the women.
I hope so, otherwise she comes off too desperate to be in a relationship. This is her first year of grad school and a new baby, let her focus on getting her life stable and let the character to grow to figure out what she wants. Jane is in her what early to mid 20s, so there is still a lot to learn about life.
The old Conan show was the best.
It's "you're" not "ur". This isn't twitter.
Ok, terrific! You're still a tool.
Ok, go back to your room and play.
Why is he dressed like an extra from a 90's Disney Channel show?
If fat bikes are your thing then go for it. Plus bikes have tons of traction and you don't really pick lines, you just plow through stuff.
It's CONNOR, and yes it was.
I freaking love watching reruns of The Wayans Brothers, you and Shawn have always been hilarious. Is Shawn ever going to make a cameo in one of your movies as dj SW-1?
Umm yeah sure. Because going to Qatar, Dubai, or China is more dignified...
That's good camera work. I can hardly see the strings controlling this life-size puppet that people keep referring to at Chris Evans.
I find this surprising--said no one ever
Great bike, wish i could afford one. The lefty other than being weird, looks just pimpin' on a road bike.
you mean no one wanted to buy an ugly-ass car?
I miss The Todd. It's hilarious that he's a surgeon.
Everyone crying about a dead junkie
You probably know a lot more about that from experience than me.
It does seem redundant to sign Smith and Pol, but maybe KTM want the experience in GP over bringing a young gun up from Moto2/3.
Good for him but this make it a lot harder for his brother to find a factory ride if he doesn't stay with Suzuki.
Kind of hard to tell but looks like he is hit by the bike or he hits the bike as they both make contact with the wall? Is there no gravel/kitty litter on that corner to slow a crash down?
Disney had an all-inclusive campus like facebook and google do today, but he worked everyone to the bone for what they thought was not enough pay so they went on strike.
Fiore doesn't know jack shit about soccer, even though he's been pretending to for decades now. His only claim to fame is that he was in that show which also starred Sofia Vergara back in the 90's. Lalas can be obnoxious but at least he's actually played as a professional unlike anything Fiore has ever done.
He wasn't wrong
Yep, I don't see how this could fail in any way. Hey at least they'll be a lot of repossessed cheap cars in the near future.
Allegedly he was a predator of underage girls, so there is that.
Google it. I read it on a gossip site but they've been right about a lot of things before.
It was a nice clean fight, only fitting that they'd shake on it.
LMAO at the Potato-nado comment. If Iannone can figure out how to stop crashing he'll be a force to reckon with. Definitely a fitting succesor to Sic.
It's good to see both taking the high road and thinking about the bigger picture. It certainly wasn't doing the sport or either of their images any good to keep the feud going at the same level as the end of last season. JL still a big a-hole though.
Ducati have a handful on their hands. Iannone is faster than Dovi for sure but he's wild. Certainly him being booted off the team and the 'talking to' from Argentina aren't helping things, I imagine. He's off to another team anyway, so I'd think it would be in both of their best interests to sit down and tell him "hey, we got your back and you're still our man until the end of the season so don't feel like you have to ride at the limit at every corner. Let's kick some butt together". Sometimes positive reinforcement goes much further than scolding someone.
That's enough, Chris Evans!
No Zeelenberg either. Interesting.
I had really bruised ribs from a fall earlier this year and it freaking hurt! Stay strong, and take it easy so it that you can heal quicker and better. Work on the project bike or now is the time to rebuild your suspension or upgrade some parts :-)
Also do not use any broker lending company. Go to a bank to get your mortgage loan.
I didn't know her and Matt Lauer were having a kid
Austin has been smoke free for years, and it hasn't hurt business at all. Time for Fort Worth to step into modern times.
I'm shocked this doesn't happen more often. People are truly dumb when it comes to obeying the rules at Yellowstone.
Awesome. I'm surprised that manufacturers don't do this regularly, as people need info when buying a second hand bike that's a few years old.
I've been there, trying to find geometry numbers in my case.
Not to mention the metric shock sizing, which will make all bikes including the ones released this year obsolete
New Honda is the old Ducati
How the fuck is this legal? Yet another reason to never go to Oklahoma
If you've seen any of maradona's interviews or his talk show during the last world cup, it's almost obvious that the drugs and abuse on his body have taken a toll. The guy struggles to put a coherent sentence together.
Then why didn't he retire a long time ago?
Lorenzo loves to play the "we're risking our lives" card, yet he failed to show up for the safety meeting after someone actually lost their life.
Fuck Hogan and his shady backer. If Jalopnik goes with it, there will be hell to pay.
Not a Brazil fan, but this entire tournament is nothing but a boondoggle and shameless money-grab.
This is for the federation officials to make money, not the players.
who the hell dresses this guy?
We got some at JC Penney and a big one from Pottery Barn. We have a lot of windows that face directly west, and in those summer days when the sun is brutal they do make quite a bit of difference.
If you plan on riding a Walmart/big box store bike with any kind of regularity, it will most likely fall apart and you'll end up spending more than the price of the bike in repairs.
HA HA. Why not just get rid of him completely? With so many host they don't need him.
I'm amazed this dude is still alive and functional with how much drugs he uses
Chris Rock was right, make the bullets ridiculously expensive.
That's enough posting on reddit, Chris Evans.
Somehow not surprised it was rich white kids in Waco.
The v1 or v2 Bronson? There is enough difference in how they ride to separate the two.
He can't stop smoking weed just like Slurms couldn't stop partying.
Alternatives for a v2 I'd look at a Nomad or an Intense Tracer or Yeti SB5/6. v1 rides a little different than the v2, the rear end is not as playful and pedaling out of the saddle and climbing is not as quite as good as the v2, but still a great bike. An angleset headset to slacken out my v1 a degree has done wonders for the bike; super stable going downhill and avoid the crappy fox CTD shocks.
I definitely feel bad for him. He did wonders on that Forward bike which Colin couldn't find a way to ride. He put his time in on the CRT bikes, and he had momentum when he signed for Suzuki. I'm not on the Viñales hype train; the guy obviously has a lot to learn as displayed at the last race. I think Suzuki have done a particularly crappy job at handling this entire situation.
Well, at least it wasn't 0-7 LOL I only started watching midway through the second half when it was 0-3, so the game was practically over at that point. I think overall what should have happened, happened. I'm kind of glad the US got a dose of reality, and I hope they take this as a lesson learned in what needs to happen to take US Soccer to the next level instead of point fingers amongst themselves. On the other hand, they can all say they played against Messi at his prime and they can all learn from this--you only get better by competing against people better than you. The reality is that the US's lack of talent and underdeveloped youth system can only take you so far, and we just saw how far we still have to go.
When even the most minor of disagreements quickly escalates to a full blown out fight
Never heard or been to this place, but doesn't surprise me it didn't last in 7th due to low foot traffic. 7th st doesn't have enough parking, specially on the weekends.
I only know of the one by the movie tavern and you have to get parking validated in weekend nights. Street parking is a joke on weekends. I go to Colonel's often and it's a hassle finding parking whenever I have to pick up my bike on weekday afternoons.
Your instructor wasn't very good. I'm not rhythm-gifted at all so I had to learn counts and have some understanding of how the music is put together before I could "feel the music". What helped me was listening to salsa--a lot of salsa--and looking to find the beat in each song. Some songs are a lot better than others. Another thing that helped was to learn to dance other rhythms (like Bachata and cha-cha-cha) and finding the beat in that music. Once you learn to find the beat, you can dance to pretty much anything.
It's all about the fit. I tried a Super 2R and it fit like a spaghetti strainer on my head, while in other people it fits perfectly. I haven't tried a Met; I really wish these were more available in the US.
Sounds like a F1 race at Circuit of The Americas.
Mr. Gumble, this is a Girl's Scouts meeting Is it? Or is it that you girls can't admit you have a problem?
