Yeah man, this is really not the time to argue the difference between a pedophile and a child molester.
To me it felt clear Weir didn't put a lot of thought into his structure and literary choices, and that's why I didn't like the book. It was laziness or lack of experience that shaped the story and not deliberate thought.
It's more about nicer hotels/places having the resources to react quickly to bedbugs and get rid of them before they have the chance to spread (too much).
Depends on the office. Some go Obama style and read a sample of letters/emails, many get a tally of for/against on a hot topic. Most correspondences don't reach the elected official in any way. But that's okay. Legislative offices have evolved from the Congressperson, an advisor, and a secretary - into the modern office full of people. Everyone bitches about politicians working just to get re-elected, which is untrue to various degrees, but you can be damn sure everyone else in the Congressional office is working on behalf of their district or State. Their incentive to do a good job is to move up in the DC labrynth or to move back home with a lot of good connections. People don't like selfish assholes, even in DC. Look at what's happening to Ted Cruz and all these colleagues coming out to say what a fuckwad he is. A Capitol Hill staffer who doesn't do a good job, and doesn't actually consider the ramifications of what they're working on in terms of who they're supposed to be working for (making the Congressperson look good to their constituents) will not be trusted with anything. TL;DR your elected official is more like an elected office. Worry less about the one asshole at the top and consider the assholes it surrounds itself with too.
I'm sure your mom was helping him and keeping him alive/not paralyzed, but please edit out the bit about the motorcyclist swallowing his tongue. Swallowing your tongue is something that can't physically happen. The belief that it can causes lots of lost fingers or broken teeth or actual choking when people shove something in an unconscious/seizing person's mouth to prevent them from "swallowing their tongue". Thanks!
Yes, but you don't fix that by putting an object into a person's mouth, as is commonly assumed. The phrase implies a wrong course.of action. Just say the man's airway was obstructed instead. These things make a difference.
That doesn't make much sense though. Aging is mostly just slow minor damage that doesn't get repaired. How come the organs, including skin, get repairs but not other things? Also, if you keep regressing until age 2 then things have to get repaired at some point. Like, your bones shrink and then regrow, so that should repair them, right?
Is ING a decent bank anyway? Like, if I was looking for one to use.
Awesome. Now fight /u/knightoblivion !
RemindMe! 2 days Donatio
Yeah but after you use it can you just get a normal haircut?
That's not bare hands. Thats shitty hands.
I feel like this is a decision every Norwegian child has to make in their life.
I'll find the perfect diet for no wipe dumps.
It's random. Sunflower seed appears on a boss floor at a decent rate, but it's not guaranteed.
They could be supportive of Trump in office because they think it will lead to the reduction of executive powers.
Answering my own question: yes, it does work. The book corpse might disappear from the floor you're on, but it'll eventually show up and it might be a different book corpse.
Shame you have the worst of both options though.
I mean, those people were right. It took a fucking war to abolish slavery, and that happened because the South merely thought Lincoln was going to try to abolish it.
Do you really think no one is trying? There are political groups and people in DC trying every day to establish single payer. Their progress, or lack of it, is how leading healthcare policy experts know that it's impossible.
I'll also use a zero egg on a floor sometimes if the mobs are getting too hard.
Make sure youre killing the mushrooms in the right order. Also, magic vine will hit the boss for 10% of the bosses health if it hits within a few turns of a mushroom dying.
I agree. It would be better to ask why the other 98 non-NJ senators voted against the amendment. Let congressmen protect the big industries and by extension their constituents in their state. Focus on convincing the other congressmen from other states.
Sweet, good to know.
Yeah.
RemindMe! 2 days Donation
You're seeing that on hard?
&gt; People were up in arms during the Bush administration over the invasion of Iraq, but then completely went to sleep during the Obama years because of his party affiliation and slick PR, despite Obama getting involved in conflicts in even more countries than Bush did. The difference is that Bush started the conflicts whereas Obama got involved in conflicts that sprung up or that he inherited while he happened to be in office. And dropping bombs is less likely to create dissent than sending American troops to invade a country. As a disclaimer, I know you can argue that Obama started the military action in some countries, like Yemen, but I'll refer you to my second sentence.
I think the ACA and PP examples were a response to the question asked about policies, not an example of what makes Trump sexist. Couple different conversations happening ITT.
First off, the amount of bombs dropped is a ridiculous thing to bring up. Its not a measurement of anything except money spent. You can drop a hundred bombs and not kill a single person or you can send a convoy of soldiers down a highway and they're all blown up by IEDs. Second, who started it is in fact a valid critique. If Bush had invaded Afghanistan in December, 2000, people would wonder wtf is wrong with him. But doing it after 9/11 makes sense and almost no one protested his actions. So, bin Laden started that. Bush invading Iraq made less sense to Americans and that's why more people protested his invasion there. As the wars went on, more people protested because the exit plan became increasingly unlikely. Then there were less protests against Obama because by that time the drawdown of troops in Iraq was underway. He increased troops on Afghanistan after it became clear that that war, the one most people supported, was not going well. Since he didn't start that war, only wanted to make sure that was a success, most Americans were fine with his plan. So yes, geopolitical conflicts can sometimes be justified with seemingly childish arguments. But in the context of this discussion about why people didn't protest Obama's military actions as much as Bush's, they are valid arguments. Partly because people are childish.
&gt; You better belief that inspires dissent. Terrorism too. You're right. I was only referring to American dissent in my OP. Unknown foreigners dying are less likely to bother Americans than American soldiers dying. Maybe it should be different, but that's a different conversation I guess.
You mean the alley behind the bar?
I'm well aware of what Obama has done to other countries. I approve of the use of drones to kill citizens in other countries to further the interests of the USA. So no, nothing you said addresses what I said about the difference between the Bush and Obama uses of force and how that would impact the size and frequency of American citizens protesting against the different administrations use of force.
No, but I prefer living in a world where the country in power doesn't (currently) kill political dissidents in their own country. That's a good baseline imo.
The text is full. Negotiations are over. The only thing that can be done at this stage is for countries to either ratify or reject the agreement. It's clear from your statement that you know nothing of laws or law making.
"Some people are saying, I don't know, but some people are saying. I'm just saying it could be true, we dont know, but some people are saying Trump was peed on by Russian hookers. I'm sure he's a great person, he just likes pee." That's what you sound like. Just replace the nouns.
&gt; I file taxes both as a business (3D Animation), and as a person (owner of 3D animation business.) But you don't. The business is a separate legal entity, which is the whole point. A business owner does not get to claim all of their businesses taxes as their contribution to the government because other people also contribute to the value of that business. I agree there's little value in seeing Trump's personal tax returns though and can understand why he doesn't want the headlines that would result from releasing them. I don't care about them, but it ended up being a bigger deal in the campaign because he didn't release them. And in the end everyone knew or thought that he didn't pay any personal income taxes anyway.
His followers are a minority of the population and they will never be convinced to stop being a follower. The goal for Democrats is to hype up the non-followers, and it's far easier to get traction with "Trump is a liar" than "Trump signed an executive order that may not impact you but here's what might happen if it does impact you." The worse thing for Trump's opposition is if they hype up one of his policies as something that will take away their healthcare or lose them their home... and then it never happens. That takes away their credibility. A lie that can be 100% proven is always good to highlight. Unless Trump gets an abortion or snuggles some immigrants across the border. That might lose him some followers, but no guarantee on that.
Assuming thats real, that plan may backfire. It's harder to pass laws when the public face of those laws isn't popular. Or even if Trump goes all WILD CARD BITCHES and increases funding for inner city programs because he bought some real estate there.
Chiming in to say I didn't have any spiritual feelings on LSD, not even a "greater connection" to life or anything. Felt more introspective though. All brains are weird and fucking with brains does even weirder stuff. It's all perfectly logical.
&gt; Meanwhile, trump signs the framework to dismantle obamacare and sucks all the oxygen away from discussion about his controversial cabinet picks. Your overall statement might make sense if people weren't also talking about his weird speech at the CIA, the marches on Saturday, the possible impacts of his executive orders, and spent weeks discussing his cabinet picks. It's possible to pay attention to more than one thing at a time. And the "average American" who doesn't follow politics will only see headlines anyway. 50 different headlines about different topics will be seen more than 50 of the same headline.
I mean, the thread was asking for anecdotes. None of them, positive or negative, could really be proven.
&gt; pool of potential candidates mostly comes from people with political influence That's a bit of a tautology. People gain political influence by being active in politics, and being active in politics is a requirement to being a candidate for President. Obama is the most recent example of a non-politician running for President simply by having the shortest amount of time of being active in politics. He certainly didn't come from money or having a political family.
But how would you know they wouldn't just kill everyone anyway? Thats never specified. At least in option one you know one person will survive.
The gif is kinda grainy, but I'm pretty sure I saw a shoe come off. That means she's dead I'm afraid.
There were other mass "barbarian" migrations during the rise and height of the Roman Empire that didn't destroy it (obviously). It's more that the success of the immigrating tribes was symptomatic of Romes decline, and their inability to deal with thease tribes, than they were the cause of the decline. The straw on the camels back shouldn't be considered the major factor in breaking in. There's good arguments about how much the immigration of the tribes contributed, but I get the feeling the guy in the picture doesn't have them.
Truly, your username is accurate.
&gt; Not trying to be a conspiracy theorist Well, you failed.
&gt; I say this because I see people on both sides pointing fingers at "the enemy" while they are guilty of the same. It's like a race to the bottom where no one even notices they are just as bad a steh ones they complain about. Take a week and count how many times you see each side (of whatever topic you want) do it. It's rarely comparable. Don't mistake seeing one of each side doing it as proof that all sides do it just as much. As OP said, this is a verifiable fact that you can check yourself.
Nope. But it's also annoying that idiots like that provide a great strawman for Trump supporters who can pretend everyone who disagrees with them looks and acts like that.
&gt; I am just saying that for every pro Trump person being a jackass, I see three people who are anti Trump being the same. This thread wasn't talking about people being assholes, it was about people who shut down conversations by just saying "lol all lies".
&gt; entirely the fault of people on the Left and Right alike offering no inspiring alternative. Really? Like people weren't "inspired" with someone who was either the status quo or ran on changing the status quo so they had to default to the guy who spouted authoritarian nationalist leanings? You don't that think maybe it was the authoritarian nationalist leanings being spouted that inspired people? And that that's the thing people are concerned about?
I'm having an easy time with Mage/justice heraldy/ bloody wolf. The Justice gives 5 defense and bloody wolf reduces hp/attack for minibosses and final boss. I find defense is really important to reduce the enemies damage when they hit my dragon minion. Mage just makes it really east to kill final boss and pick off some ranged enemies. Bloody wolf doesn't make a huge deal. Any other gumball would probably work. FYI, the bandit claws and Kaito attack will steal random materials from normal enemies, the buff items from minobosses (but then they don't drop anything when they die), and EP from final boss. Only used one on final boss, so it might drop other stuff too. Basically bandit/Kaito is a waste.
A better economy in general is always good. But I guess realistically as an average middle class person you'd have a higher quality of life in a socialist democracy in Europe. They also have faster internet. At least you get...football? Peanut butter? BBQ?
Um...donde esta la bibliotecha?
&gt; Then explain that as the focal point of the universe, you could kill yourself and destroy everything. And this is the point where they jam you full of sedatives and keep you in a coma for the rest of your life, where they can keep you locked away in a safe location free from even accidentally falling down and breaking everyone's hip.
America already has an effective screening process and monitors refuge immigrants on a constant basis. No terror attacks in the US have been commited by refuges except for 3 Cubans in the 70s. America doesn't open itself up to anything except helping some refuges.
No one knows what you want in a candidate. They both had websites to highlight their positive qualities and they both had opposition highlighting their negative qualities. That should be enough to make a more informed decision than half of the people who actually voted.
That's what Primitive Technology videos are for. He hasn't progressed to gunpowder though...
&gt; In every other western country, Except Britain. And every other country that's currently flirting with aggressive nationalist parties.
It didn't help Obama. He got blamed for not closing Gitmo, not getting a single payer option in ACA, and other stuff he tried to do. People look at results and end up considering it weak that you "tried" to do something but failed. Or maybe it's a double standard for Republicans. Or maybe Trump is just stupid and didn't consider the constitutionality of all the EOs he's signed so far.
And? The federal court is just suspending all entry of the Executive Order until we find out what's going on with it. The order itself might be unconstitutional in the way it's being applied. We don't know, but we have to find out and really smart people are saying we should find out.
Yes, Obama did issue an order to close Gitmo: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Executive_Order_13492 EOs have limited power. In the case of Gitmo the executive branch didn't have enough power to fully close it. How about you go learn something before trying to argue that Trump is a genius.
Now you get 0%.
&gt; including when the person is a religious minority in his country of nationality facing religious persecution, This is the important part of the section you quoted. It's to open the door for allowing Christians into the country, and only Christians. It's an outright ban for anyone who might be a Muslim.
I'd give the benefit of the doubt on what this language would be used for if the administration hadn't publicly stated they wanted a Muslim ban, but that they are giving Christians priority for entering the country. You're right that other possibilities exist. But I can't honestly believe that they're focusing on Hindu or agnostic persecuted groups in Syria.
Technically, if all of Trump's voters were never forgiven and looked down on for the rest of their lives there's still enough non-Trump voters to elect people who can keep the country from falling apart. Obviously it's better to have their support, but they're not needed.
I'm not tired of winning yet. I'd like the chance though.
&gt; And trump has never killed anyone. He has, and he's gotten a US service member killed while doing it. He definitely killed 14 suspected militants and there are reports saying 10 additional women and children were killed. Source: http://mobile.reuters.com/article/idUSKBN15D08J
&gt; I'm saying we're having difficulty doing this part when done in such large numbers from dissimilar enough cultures. Then what's a good number? Why is 110k too large but 50k isn't? And why have black people been here a few hundred years but still have a semi-separate culture? And what's up with Chinatown? Maybe the response should be a better way of dealing with logistical issues, not so being xenophobic and insular that we create more problems than we solve.
No one's judging you for thinking two family members going at it is hot.
It doesn't work like this in politics. Perception is all that matters. If the protesters think they won, then thats the narrative that the public will generally believe. Had Trump started off with banning people, except greencard holders, then he could have held strong and stuck to the narrative of only banning potential narratives. He would look stronger by not appearing to back down and the protesters would look ineffectual. Furthermore, the second wave of news on a subject gets less attention than the first wave. More people know that Trump banned everyone, even permanent residents, than they'll know that the policy has changed.
Why give the general public a win? In politics perception is all that matters. Trump looks weaker for backing down and the left can keep their passion and momentum going by pointing to a win. If he had a reasonable policy in the first place he could hold strong, the protesters look more irrational and ineffectual, and less middle of the road folks wouldn't have disapproved of Trump's actions in the first place. This negotiation tactic may work in business, but it doesn't work in politics.
There is absolutely no benefit for starting at super crazy horrible. Initial news of a subject is all that the vast majority remembers. The public will barely be aware of the change in policy to a less crazy version. And public perception is all that matters in politics. This is especially true when the Trump administration gives plenty of super crazy horrible actions to talk about. If they're masterminds, it's more likely they're trying to bury awareness of less blatantly outrageous actions like appointing Bannon to the NSC.
This thread made it to /r/all and I'm not familiar with this sub, so bear with me. Can you briefly explain this subs/socialisms stance on the appropriate use of military force? When to use it, how to use it, etc. I ask because there are differences, as small as they might be, between the policies of Bush and Obama regarding military action and what to use when. I assume Trump will also have differences.
There was military intelligence they had to physically pick up. I don't think anybody without a security clearance knows if it was a person, documents, hard drive, or what. Whatever they were looking for might have also not been there, which would make this a complete disaster.
It's easy to get stuff done when you apply 0 thought to what you're doing.
Had to be intel. The other option is that there were American boots on the ground for literally no reason. It's most likely that it was heavily guarded intel. There are very good reasons for keeping military actions classified. In this case the details are not being release because the Intel gained will be used in followup actions, or because it was a failure and they don't want to admit it.
There a choices other than be nearing near terrorists and being near the US.
When they're infected with the rage virus and about to eat your brains. As a serious answer, collateral damage is a real, morally ambiguous question. It would be better to not have any children die ever, but that's not realistic. We killed millions of children in WW2 to try and stop the war, but few people would say we shouldn't have been so destructive and that it would have been fine to let the war go on longer. So scaling that example down, how many children are okay to kill in pursuit of what goal? Would it have been okay to kill one of OBLs kids when we raided his home? A random kid? Two of them? We know drone strikes have been called off because the target was located next to a school (probably on purpose). We know drone strikes have happened when the military had good intelligence stating there were no civilians in the area, but the intel was wrong. Should there be no drone strikes? What if that leads to American or European children dying? Is that morally better because Western hands didn't commit the killing? Many libertarians have come to this conclusion because the risk from failing to act is so much smaller than the known consequences of committing drone strikes and that there are other counter- terrorism options. I know you've probably considered these questions, but not all spectators in the thread might have.
I appreciate the response. Would cyber warfare fall into the category of military force? For an example, if two sovereign nations targeted government infrastructure plus corporate cyber infrastructure based in the respective countries. You can answer from your personal perspective (or not at all, of course).
&gt; They can't handle the fact that keeping America safe will not always be pretty and ideal. I think this is key for highlighting the different thought processes. For much of the left, safety is not the utmost priority. It's far more important to protect democratic ideals, American ideals, and other such things that make America great and functional for the long term. And sometimes *that* is messy and not perfectly safe. A panic room is the safest possible room, but it's not very free, or pleasant, to live in.
Globalists are overwhelmingly the West and usually members of upper classes. They have no interest in destroying the current order of Western superiority.
Makes sense. I was just generally curious. Thank you.
Yes he did. During the transition process he has all the access the President does. Also, most of the information is publicly available. And again, our borders were not open. There was a process in place, and it was effective and secure.
On the other hand, people thought the Tea Party was cannibalizing the Republican Party because they, too, demanded unrealistic purity. It seemed to help them win elections though. And fucked America, but winning is all that matters...right?
Dude. Trump said he wanted to ban Muslims. This ban Muslims. It's a Muslim ban. Why argue against calling it a Muslim ban when Trump said it would be, his supporters approved of banning Muslims, and then he did what he said he'd do?
He sounds like a great father too, not just a great man. Good thing he's not a Jewish mother though. Imagine the guilt he could put you through!
Thank you for sharing and teaching me more about that piece of very recent history.
&gt; increased radicalization of the Republican party over the past eight years So, it's only been the past 2 years huh? You're seriously inflating the impact youth internet culture had on this election. Radio and TV talk show hosts have had far, far more impact. Much of the Internet language you cite comes from Limbaugh and Beck, not the other way around.
The good old days when the Balkans were considered a threat to world stability. Glad youre here to remind us that refugees always need a place to go.
Yeah, which he did by nominating Sessions. Same as Obama did with Holder. Rarely do you fire the acting AG, or any department head, before your appointee is confirmed.
*Hessian mercenaries, not Germans. Germany wasn't a country until the late 19th century.
Option 1. Redirect my intestines into a colostomy bag and deal with it like many unfortunate people already do.
I'm not 100% sure on this, but I don't think Obama had a real cake either. It makes sense that inaugural cakes are all fake for logistical purposes.
Oh wow. But he used Swiss buttercream? What's wrong with good ol American buttercream? We all know about those Europeans. Obama is a traitor.
I think it's reasonable for people to look ahead to the future and see that the path is leading off the cliff and fight kicking and screaming *now* rather than when the cliff is about to come. Of course, if they're wrong they look like idiots, but people are willing to take that risk.
&gt; Rioting and preventing speech That's violence, not political correctness. So yeah, using violence to prevent speech is a threat to speech.
No, they riot because they don't want someone speaking at a certain place. They have issues with their speech and use violence to stop it. The probem js violence, not political correctness. What you're doing is blaming money because the consequence of money is that criminals rob people to get their money.
The dark web,the porn part of it, is ridiculously tiny compared to the publicly available porn world. So no, it is most porn that's not soul sucking.
Hey it's June now, just reminding you about the importance of mosquito nets on every corner and taco trucks in every household.
He's right tho, that's why I don't take showers.
Like in this video with a huge tennis star. He just starts kissing, he doesn't even wait. Grabs him by the shoulder. https://youtu.be/R2gzivLGWoc The girl was laughing and let him to do it. She must have wanted him.
You have a lot of very niche subreddits. Porn niche.
They do. Crazy happens to all genders. It has nothing to do with what gender roles society tries to create. It's an individual mental and biological problem that's making them be a stalker.
You have to look at the personalities and company structure. The three people that left basically run their companies like a private business. They chose to leave the council and they didn't need to get approval from a board to back them up. GE, PepsiCo, IBM, and others, have far more decision power diffused through the corp structure. Public email campaign has to be focused on the individuals who have the authority to leave the council. I personally don't have the information to do that though.
Air Force 9
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_American_federal_politicians_convicted_of_crimes
If you don't care what they think why did you delete them?
That is your face.
That's why they're investing in a new industry that won't pollute their country. And also make them money.
&gt; I'm trying to shill for a deng xiaoping flair You can't have it unless we all get it. We are all deng xiaoping shills on this blessed capitammunism day.
That's quite the leap of generalization when all he said was not wanting to spend time filling out a form for every government service.
Thankfully, you'd be a bad terrorist. There's a reason why they don't attack places with security. They don't have very elaborate strategies of attack.
You have a lot of faith in this pop singers ability to influence politicians.
If any of that was unconstitutional, yes. People sued against the ACA arguing it was unconstitutional, information about the ACA, including what the Obama administration said, was used in arguments. But it was not found to be unconstitutional.
She'll be a pedo/dick magnet if she wore a full burkha all the time. That's how pedos and dicks work. Maybe you should teach her about safe sexuality and not be terrified of your daughter turning into a young women who interacts with society.
Can we be sodomized by tiny horses? Or by a female horse with her tongue?
&gt; escorting was more about a guy wanting a woman for some social things, but not sex. This does exist, but the vast majority of escorts are just using a euphemism.
Grandopa you're the best.
U dum
Guys he stopped talking to me I win
When things are going "well" less people watch news shows. When people are upset they pay more attention to news. It's not rocket science.
Did those subs the story was on delete their posts. I didn't see what subs made the post.
Path of Eternity does this as well. One thing that annoys me is when it tells me I fail a quest I never had in the first place, because I decided to massacre a noble house instead of earning their respect.
Don't feel bad. It's over everyones - less than some though.
Look at the data; Russia doesn't mind committing suicide. Your plan won't work.
&gt; Imagine if it were a gay male being strangled by a hetero? The outcry would be enormous. How would...how would you know it was a gay? Unless there was outcry because they showed his bussy pounded by the hetero.
95% of Shark threads are himself talking to his other accounts. It's great.
&gt; a slow manipulation. It's time to burn it down and start over. This belief is why people voted for Trump. So...lets not do that again?
&gt; but is he really a personal ally of Chris Christie? The article states he became a personal friend with Christie when they were young lawyers.
First is to understand that the Government is not a monolith. There are vastly different, numerous parts to the government. Things that can be changed without affecting other parts or without ruining the fabric of society. Second is to understand that "the people" is not a thing. If "people" had more power you'd just spend more time arguing with people who taxes should be cut, or laws should be harsher, or everyone should be given $1000 every month. Third is to understand that the agility to change the government is already something you, and other people, possess. Voting and citizen involvement does have an impact. But remember, what people want is a huge myriad of beliefs. What you want to happen will not always happen.
U dum
Where's all the people dismissing statements coming anonymous sources. Anyone keeping a running list of all the anonymous information being later publicly verified?
Do you honestly think a majority of people rationally analyse information related to anything?
&gt; I think this means that he is suspicious that Donald Trump might do something to Comey I don't think Comey would do something out of worry for himself. He seems like the guy that would take precautions when he's worried for the country, its institutions, or just generally don't trust someone.
I think the websites catering to kids has had more affect than other age gates. Kid websites tell you to have your parent give permission or sign up for you. Kids do that. Sometimes.
From your title I thought you were going to talk about all the experiments Sherlock kept in his fridge during Season 1. He was prepared to do anything to advance his knowledge of cold effects on human parts. Good point though. Good to know some parts of Sherlock character stayed constant the whole show.
My backflip is that I'm not on Tinder to turn people morally good. The level of fucked up stuff they need to be doing for me to even care is up at the "life without parole" crime level. Terrible marriage and/or home life is their business. This all changes if we become more than Tinder dates.
You're not my doctor anymore you can't touch my special place anymore
&gt; But I think that movie would depend a lot on the supporting characters reactions too. I'm seeing a lot of supporting characters looking at each other like from the movie about Hitler's last days in the bunker. Also the characters are literally trying to stab each other.
Wasn't that newly created? Maybe still before any Russian child hooker allegations though.
Guys she didn't make any threats. She just introduced herself and said she had a party planned. Didn't even invite American Airline to the party, just bragging about it.
Everybody in that threat is shit.
Someone in this thread is trolling but I can't tell which one. Or maybe I'm the troll. The world's gone mad.
&gt; If the same logic was applied while the Supreme Court was making a ruling on the ACA, it would have been halted on the basis that Obama wanted a fine rather than a tax on people who didn't sign up for insurance. You can't compare these judicial rulings. One was about an order coming from the executive branch. The other was about a law coming from the legislative branch. The only technicality involved is that Obama could say anything he wanted about the bill because he doesn't actually write the laws. Seems like you're one of the millions that forgets POTUS is not an anagram of King.
Let's add "But that's not real neoliberalism." Soon only the people left will be the global poor that couldn't afford buy alcohol to die from. Then they will get all the resources and jobs to no longer be poor.
The seizure that causes "drunkeness" will usually not affect the person's awareness, unless they went unconscious and are still waking up. The absence seizures mentioned usually don't cause the drunkenness. That's more of the "dazed" effect. Everything depends heavily on the individual though.
&gt; We're not in the 50s anymore. There's more than one sort of human to base fiction on. I miss the 50s when my good ol' characters were normal colors before they started pandering to the young generation. In my day we had classic like white for the lovable Pong game, yellow for that chinaman talkin' fella before he got hitched to the girl with a bow, and green for our brave American hero fighting off the invasion of ILLEGAL aliens. I'm not afraid to admit that those characters were better before those creatures started invading our games. Those new "people" like the elf that causes trouble for entrepreneurs with the courage to sell pot. Or hordes of thugs that came through that portal; they should get kicked out of Azeroth and go home where they came from. My games used to stick to reality. White males are simply the people who make up the majority of every fake universe before they even exist. That's just a fact and we should all admit it.
To be fair, look at what Lucas has done after his first trilogy...
&gt; facechanger merge computer program Wtf happened to this show?
Any presidents you do like?
&gt; We can morally treat different animals with different levels of humanity. This is the main thrust of what I originally said. Different animal species are different. We treat them differently based on this basic acceptance. &gt; Thats the difference between killing a mosquito and boiling a dog alive. If the global poor need to boil a dog (even for alive for whatever fucked up reason) to eat for food, I'd rather they did that over boiling a human for food. Because I believe humans are different from dogs.
Make great meme fodder. Ice cream! Birb on the podium!
&gt; Honestly, I have never heard that argument and I don't get the logic. Some people are cruel to other people and still have children. Also there is no biological need to make babies, it's an option not a need. What does being cruel have to do with having children? Creatures all have a drive to have children, reproduction is the end goal of all biological activity. Humans can do other stuff, and many choose to not reproduce, but that doesn't mean we don't all have a drive to reproduce. Humans are just like all other species, unless you're saying humans aren't the same. &gt; What does that mean for you? Do you have examples? Dogs, cats, pandas because they're cute and funny. Elephants because they're awesome and smart. &gt; Why do you think intelligence makes a difference? Don't you think we should have compassion for those more vulnerable than ourselves, even if they are not as smart as we are? Intelligence makes an impact because of how it makes me emotionally connected to another animal who displays a quality that humans have. It humanizes them. Compassion is based on other metrics unrelated to intelligence. I don't have compassion for vulnerable human fetuses. I don't have compassion for a drunk driver that lives but kills someone else's family. I do have compassion for alcoholics that suffer for their environment and their genetic tend towards addictive behavior. I do have compassion for pigs that are smart and unable to turn around in their pen until killed for bacon. Compassion isn't final determination of morality, fairness, or judgement. I have compassion and empathise with pig livestock but I don't think it's important enough to stop me from eating them. I have compassion and empathise with humans who commit crimes but it's still important to punish them. &gt; Cultural and traditional practices are sometimes unethical, like child labor or female genital mutilation or cooking dogs. Maybe we should get rid of them then? I gave you my criteria for judging a culture. We practice genital mutilation of dogs, both female and males. Are you opposed to spaying and neutering? Yes, I watched the philosophy crash course you linked. I don't know if that's the PBS video you mean.
Sharia law wouldn't be used so much in non-sensical ways if it didn't sound so cool. Muslims should change their law to "regulations for normal life" and people will stop using it as a boogie man.
Yes, you're the only smart person on reddit. You're very smart. So smart. So special.
&gt; Actually that was my question. Was does the ability of having babies to do with treating some beings well, but others not? Why do you draw the line on species level? Repeat step 1. I draw the line at species level because I want to mate with other in my species, thus making humans the best. &gt; I'd say being emotionally connected to another animal implicates having compassion for them. Okay. I said I did. &gt; Utilitarians propose sentience, more precisely the ability to experience suffering as a metric. What do you think about that? Choosing suffering as the metric is arbitrary. Like many things. There's no reason not to pick it since you need to define "good", but there's no reason to pick it over the metric of "largest quantity of living bio-mass". &gt; So you'd disagree with /u/ReservedWhyren who said "I don't care if a bunch of cattle and pigs live unsatisfactory lives if it means food costs less."? Read the rest of shit I spend typing out if you're going to bother replying. Compassion is a factor in my beliefs and actions. In this case it's not a big enough factor to stop me from eating the suffering pig. I don't disagree with that other guy, especially since he points out that more animal suffer can lessen the suffering of humans. FGM is worse than spaying and neutering dogs. We agree on that.
&gt; What does that mean? You can draw the line somewhere else and still mate with others in your species. It means I feel like I'm repeating myself. 1) I can only reproduce with my own species. 2) I want to reproduce (biologically speaking). 3) Because of point 1, I value my species above all other species because my species are special to me and only my species lets me achieve the second point. 4) Because I value my species above all others, I draw the line at species. 5) Drawing the line anywhere else would be arbitrary. &gt; How is largest quantity of living bio-mass a better metric? The weight of all human beings is less then 400 million tonnes, the weight of all cattle exceeds 520 million tonnes. Doesn't help to answer the question where to draw the line. How is choosing suffering as the metric any better? Living bio-mass can be quantified easier than suffering. And it does help draw the line, whatever species makes more biomass is best. I'm not going to figure it out because it's irrelevant to what I'm illustrating here about my thoughts on the utilitarianism choice of metric. Then you go on some rant that's also irrelevant to what we've been talking about. The guy you quoted said worse living conditions can make meat cheaper for humans. I pointed out that cheaper meat can make humans happier, decreasing their suffering. That's a fact. It has nothing to do with whether or not eating animals increases or decreases overall suffering. I don't even care if eating animals increasing overall human suffering, since that's not even my metric of utility, nor do I even follow utilitarianism.
That explanation you were given is shitty. Risk of defects from incest is still incredibly small. The argument also basically gives a pass for anyone who wants to abort defective fetuses "out of mercy", which defeats the purpose of being opposed to abortion.
You're a robot. That doesn't make you and him interracial, it's intercarbon.
J U D I C I A L A U T O C R A T S
&gt; School choice/vouchers are a good program to explore and research more But you know any school choice programs created by DeVos will be 100% based on religion.
Oh, I see now; you mean even once the Trump admin is gone school choice will be tainted. Yeah. I know Obama admin ran school choice test programs that had positive effects. I don't know much more than that though.
If they want that they'd just keep pushing the line of what they can legally do until they crossed the line. There's no winning if courts just let the executive branch get away with anything they want.
He pays me to go through every cereal box in the supermarket and plant the carrots.
Minority parties in Congress aren't completely powerless. That's out of design.
Im stealing this to copy and paste around.
I'm stuck in a loop now. Send halp
What kind of connection is there between gamer culture and alt-right?
You dodged the question - what definition of "take civics" do you mean?
Alright. I get cultural and denizen overlap, I thought he meant like Saudi Arabia funding terrorism level of connection.
There were more racists in the Democratic Party in 2008 than now. Because they died since then. Not everything is racism about Obama, but that was a strong link.
It's true, Americans can only handle jobs that require them to do repetitive, manual work. That's why unemployment is so high.
&gt; You think 2017 is suddenly the first year people had incorrect opinions? Do you think it's the first year politicians pandered to their base? Says the guy who said that hardcore partisanship only existed in the last 8 years.
Time for the valleys. Dig that valley a foot lower!
It's where are the most interesting answers are. Sorting by top is where I go if want to watch a circlejerk.
You're likely a fuckass for insulting someone with a preference you don't fit. Also you literally said this 7 days ago: &gt; I'm a 21 year old in my first relationship You're a joke.
I guarantee the people making those comments aren't beautiful and try to compensate by devaluing beautiful women.
Eye bags are the biggest sign someone is secretly a superhero, fighting crime in the night. That's probably why you like that look.
I can't. My jets watch too much porn.
Yup.
In what way?
You can see the guys pro-Bernie posts on his own Facebook. You can also see he's mentally ill on his Facebook. The murderer doesn't need to be used as a political weight against any side. He can just be condemned.
It's okay, I don't know anyone fucking antifa either.
Tribal Chieftain here. Values strong fear of others and respect either of physical strength or wise intervention in intra-conflicts, depending on the danger threat of the outside.
Yeah, I didn't need a survey to tell me this sub was mostly a bunch of undergrads.
Trump is anti-business. He's making these decisions about Cuba because he wants American businesses to fail.
I know two women that for a fact have done gangbangs on the spur of the moment with guys they just met with no trusted friend of theirs around. One was a friend and one was a women I just met with my friends.
Just binged, you're so right. They started caring about the red shirts dying, but then they went back to not caring. My major complaint.
The middle arc is the weakest to me. Plus 99% of the problems is because they went back to ignoring the security protocols and pretended shield was a secret organization ran by only the main characters again.
Who exactly?
Share stories of corporations doing good stuff for things she cares about more than she cares about hating corporations. The story has to be on the internet before she'll believe it though.
Dont forget Japanese literally working to death and young men who never leave their room. Something to please everyone.
If all humans were deported then human suffering ends and the land is at peace. This is how robots go rogue.
It's a normal tie, he's just incredibly skinny.
That's on you, not anyone else who supports Ossoff.
No ure salt
Yeah look at his voting record in Congress. SMH
Smartest wiseass, fancy boy cop ever.
