or he still 19 years old
Malone,but cp3 will join him.
KD will never join miami lol
I dont know why you're getting downvoted lol
They will in their primes.
lool u cant be serious
:)
bill russel the goat
fuck man
lebron fans already making up excuses lol ,like it or not it will hurt his legacy losing 4 finals is not good
lol im done
fucking tmz
from Egypt!
Kd always spent the offseason in LA
They will lose in the final again
What are you talking about?, every time i say something negative about lebron i get downvoted lol
So is lebron every year lol
Pique u stupid fuck
cool story bro
Nice try lelayup fans.MJ still the goat
thats why i say something negative about lebron, i get downvoted and every one want to kill me
I got downvoted because i said kobe.like wtf, kobe haters give me a break.
Everyone one saying kobe is getting downvoted. People here are pathetic.
im tired of this mock draft lol
What do you expect lol this is the final
Lol
you are right lol, he pushes everyone when he is going into the rim.
Im fuckin done
john cena
Lebron needs him
Lechoke
he is the best pg now
yeah dude it is sad lol
okafor will be the best center in the next 20 years and will dominate everyone in the league and will force everyone to go big and lakers will shine again.
Lebron*
why dude? you guys made it to the second round, thats an accomplishment for the clippers franchise.
cp3 choked lmao
no
every lebron james team.
if you guys got kyrie then cp3 wont be a clipper lol
he is the next duncan :)
we will give him all the money.
no they dont have anything in common
Clippers will never win a championship lol
why not?
Lmao warriors fans talking shit now.
damn this dude can do everything lol
Lol yup and we did it successfully.
wtf is happening.
i dont know how to feel about this.
magic said kobe is the best laker lol
ok Choke city
hahaha come to the lakers so you can bang your gf anytime you want love.
damnnn
Okafor has all the tools to be a good defender so im not worried
Thank u dude.
i cant fucking sleep now.
i have been doing that all day dude ,shit is frustrating.
cmon man
I'll be off twitter for the first 5 picks.
hahahahahahahahha sorry Philadelphia you guys can hate us more now.
you fuckers
how do you know?
flair??
wtf are philly doing.
but the nuggets drafted mudiay?
nah you are wrong.
kobe also had an mvp season in 2003 .
yeah because i hate their owner.
hahahaha will see :)
lol not close.
misleading title lmao.
yeah it is.
when Celtic fans are defending kobe ,you know that your opinion is bad.
i love people like you lol
do what makes you happy.
fuck off.
Next year we will :)
Yeah,it is not casey fault that lowry and de rozan couldn't hit a shot
Harden is definitely better than Kahwi lol
Im sure they are happy now
John cena
Thanks to harden freethrow for saving his TS
Stop crying
Stop losing in the finals
yeah Lebron was bad in the final shame on him
Nope
99% of Clippers fans here are CP3 fans
Or maybe he was playing out of his position and couldn't fit with Okafor.
Rose actually has been playing well
Kobe is better than Lebron
Lebron abuse the shit out of it.
Kobe is the best Laker ,and of course the old guys will prefer someone from their generation .
Yeah because stats is the most important factor.
Thank you man, someone here know what he is talking about.
Blake causing spacing problem?
Wtf im asking a question. Clippers fans are sensitive.
His ugly playstyle will never change lol
Thanks for answering the question.
Because Russell is more valuable to the team than Okafor
Russell will make everyone around him better,He has the tools to be a good defender due to his lengths and he is gonna be triple double threat later on. Okafor is a bad rim protector and slow on defense and black hole on offense due to his inefficient post play that kills the offense and that wont work well in the modern nba .A lot of Sixers fan prefer Noel over Okafor.
Duck is love,Duck is life.
Still salty about 2002 lol
No you don't
Flair up u pussy
Dude you are clueless
I still dont know why People like this game.
I played CS 1.5 like 8 years ago ,never been a fan of the game lol
I played CS 1.5 like 8 years ago ,still the same shit.
Don't make me excited again :(
Lmao this is ridiculous
Lol i dont want Monta Ellis on my team.
Kobe Bryant
Downvote me Lebron fanboys.Lebron was inefficient in the final because he had terrible teammates and was caring them alone right?,but when it comes to kobe he is not efficient when he had the same problem lebron had in the final.
We are talking in kobe prime which was in 2006
So kobe is top 4 or top 3?
Lol no
Top 15 sound good
Karl Malone was better,and dont tell me 5 rings because Horry has 7 Rings.That how it works right?
Yes he is.
This is so frustrating man,we have been so unlucky this season.
No you are trying to hoop on Kawhi circlejerk
stfu u got destroyed
Stay mad
You are trying so hard bro, take a kitkat.
Yeah man lol
Or maybe you are so mad for no reason.
Have fun losing in the finals.
Im not arguing with you my dude
Why
IF Malone played with the spurs ,he would have 5 rings
He was injured,but nice try.
Yeah plz
Yeah sadly they have better potential than Clarkson and Randle
Is Maniac good at this game?
lol thats funny but no
Karl Malone is better than Duncan according to stats
And Malone offense has consistently been better than Duncan and guess what? Malone had better longevity.It is not his fault that he played against the goat 2 times in the final,Duncan would have lost if he played against jordan.
just like the 2013 final
Thank you.A lot of people here dont know that Malone was good defensively lol
i cant stop laughing
Monta Ellis
Why did you guys get rid of Him?
Can you show me man?
I dont think Okafor is the guy you want to build around
Who cares about females.They are garbage
I was entertained.
Wrong.im not saying i remember every game, but i was watching the games with my dad so i remember a lot of moment of him being hyped and my lakers wining championships
I will wait till next season to see if he improved or not.
Of course his numbers gonna suffer if he is playing with Lebron and Kyrie and isnt the first option anymore.
lol gotta love Lebron fanboys
Jordan is the undisputed goat
Malone is better than Duncan
Duncan couldn't get past kobe in 2008, im sure he wont be able to beat Jordan in the final.so it is unfair to compare the rings.Malone also had better longevity .
Lol Jc is so overrated
Still salty about 2002
I actually remember that post lol
And thats what they want.
If you want to lose in the finals take Lebron.
Yeah it was a fun team
Lol people still believe this
lol
Lebron is not top 5
What about game 7?
lol no
Lol Lebron always do good against kahwi.Ariza and Butler are the best Lebron defender.
Bill Russell is the most overrated player of all time, he is like Deandre Jordan with leadership
You are clueless
Egypt is shit
Haha Egyptian people are delusional
Zamalek is better than Ahly
Anything Kobe related will get downvoted,im not surprised .
Kahwi wouldn't do shit if he played as the franchise player on teams like the Pacers and the Rockets.PG is better than him
How the fuck do you know
No one give a shit about Handegg outside of USA
Sorry dude,kobe is more loved than Duncan
He also played with one coach his entire career
Mj retired like 2 million times
Monta Ellis 1.5
Thats why KD said Kahwi is a system player
Simmons and Randle cant play together
Yeah better than Duncan
I saw a lot of people saying Kahwi is better than Harden
Malone also was very good defensively.
I have been waiting for this. Edit:the music is on point .
81
lol coach k said he will give Kobe a spot if he wants
Kobe is 4-2 against Duncan in the playoffs,so im not salty.
He said that a while ago ,i cant remember the source.
tbh man i miss my mom,but im in college now so i only see her in the summer :(
Ohh no
His problem is his defense, but i think he can become decent.
No stop
Just like he made in the finals
Kd doesn't want to hurt his stats
Fucking Dwight
So?
Lebron fans always making excuses.It is never Lebron fault,cant wait for their excuses after getting smacked in the final.
Because Kahwi is overrated by people here.
Source: nba.com/stats
