I biked by it yesterday on Damen at around 8:30 and crews from Walsh were still out there cramming for that deadline. I imagine that they've really been dragging their feet in getting it done.
I just saw something on CNN listing the top 15 cars that are flying off the lots, and most were SUVs or crossovers. It's obnoxious.
We've got a small fleet of Equinoxes at work. They have like no power, gas mileage is decent at best, and are pretty uncomfortable. I picked up a Kia Optima about a year ago. Best warranty out there if you go CPO (10 yr/100,000 mile doesn't transfer b/w owners otherwise), really quick, plenty of room (trunk is huge!), comfy, and gas is awesome. Just got back from a road trip to D.C. and each way used up only one tank (so two tanks for the whole trip). The paint is pretty shitty though, so I got a color where little blemishes wouldn't show as easily.
If Reddit had it's way, everything would be free and come with sprinkles on top.
That truck is carrying doors that Menard's sells, and there's a Menard's maybe 1/2 mile away from that location. He was so close...
Yea I read Dearborn and knew exactly what they were talking about. Most likely they stepped into the lane without paying attention against the red light, as people still seem to do years after this lane was installed. This would probably make it their fault, right? Ped laws say that if there's a signal, peds have to obey it and not step into the street.
Salvation Army is out in full force today, it seems. I saw them all over the loop this morning.
Coolest tidbit of information I've seen today, thanks!
What kind of car does she drive?
Just spam [the website](https://www.cityofchicago.org/city/en/depts/311/supp_info/request_service.html) if you'd like. I reported the CTA field building near Milwaukee and Division not shoveling their sidewalk for days before they finally came out and did it. Not sure if that's what did it, but I like to think I had something to do with it.
Yea. Was leaning structural but went the environmental route after college. I also love the Deftones. There is a lot of rehabbing going down here over the next few years so there will be jobs abound.
I'm not looking, but what do you think about people from a background outside of trans. looking to move into it? I'm a project manager with some design experience, but again it's in environmental work. I may end up changing fields in the next 5 years (I've got sites I want to see through to the end), but I feel I'd be passed over for recent grads by the time that comes. Just trying to see what the competition is like.
The Berghoff Cafe is right around the corner. Their lunch spot, which is in the basement, is the same as upstairs but cheaper during their lunch hour. Everything is delicious.
I can see the boat vs. kayak complaints now. "Asshole boaters splashing me with their wake!" "Kayak's rights!" "Damn hipster kayakers going oar-less." Before you know it, Landshark will be the beer of choice.
I expected it to be much higher. What would commerical or store front rent be in other areas be? I figured 10k would be the cheapest anywhere, but I know nothing about that kinda thing.
**Discipline:** Civil **Specialty:** Environmental and Remediation **Highest Degree:** Bachelors in Civil and Materials Engineering **Country:** USA **Available for e-mail?:** Sure
Question, is there a good navigating app for pilots on the Play store? I know there is one on the Apple store that gives you real time flight patterns and all kinds of neat stuff like that. My step dad is looking for one and he is leaning on buying a iPad solely for that app because he can't find any good ones on the Play store. I'm trying to get him to go Android.
You can contact Don Baumgartner at the Chicago EPA office with questions about this. [Here is the enforcement and compliance assistance page](http://www.epa.gov/region5/pesticides/compliance_assistance.html). I imagine it is enforceable under FIFRA (Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act), but whether or not it is federally enforceable or delegated to the states is what I'm unsure about. When it comes to enforcement and inspections this region doesn't mess around, so the turn around to get an inspector out by you would be pretty short.
As am I. Corrective Action Project Manager. EPA MASTER RACE.
Oh thank god I'm working at home that day.
You think they designed for 100 year? I suppose that would make sense if there are to be shops or wine bars on it...
I'm sure he'll be telling all of his friends how terrible CPD is and how he did nothing wrong.
He's not interesting or comical. He doesn't say controversial things. He is in line with what most Americans already know or believe. Why would the news cover him? They won't get clicks from that, and nobody will laugh with their friends and say "hahaha omg Bernie is so right, amirite guys hahaha." People want to be annoyed and upset about something, and Scott Walker, Trump, and others provide that. Fucking news sites are the scum of the earth when it comes to political updates. They couldn't give a flying fuck about the country.
&gt; Wicker Park 6 corner Are you *trying* to start a fight?
&gt; our park So I don't know much about this, but do property taxes or other taxes and revenue from neighborhood/ward specific sources go to parks only in those neighborhoods, or are parks funded from the entire city? In other words, am I paying for Humboldt Park just the same as residents in those neighborhoods?
The caveat is if there are traffic signals and they are crossing against their red light. If they cause an accident it will likely be their fault. Obvs if they are crossing and the driver has plenty of time to slow down and stop, the driver is still suppose to, but peds can't cross whenever they want willy nilly and expect the world to stop for them.
I love it as long as they spend their parents' money down here!
Do you play volleyball? For the past few years I've been heading up to Montrose beach to play pickup games (doubles) on random Tuesdays. It's cheap and people there actually know how to play and stick to the rules. It's just a bunch of people who love to play and is not part of some organization. There are softball leagues nearly every day throughout the city during the week. Chicago Sports and Social Club, Players, S3, and one more big one that I can't remember have leagues all over the place. Do you like cycling? Visit some of the local bike shops from time to time to get work done on your bike and bullshit with them. But not Rapid Transit, the people who work at the North Ave. location are pretentious douchebags. I'm from Hawaii too (O'ahu), but I can tell you after living here I couldn't go back and live in a place like that.
&gt; When I'm in a plane I always like looking at the map/speed/temp screen rather than a movie (mostly because I read and this is mildly interesting between chapters). Wait where is this located? Are you talking about headrest screens that usually exist on long distance flights only?
I would think CEO 101 is to not send emails when performing shady business deals. I'm shocked how so many people get caught and how emails and text messages are used as evidence against them. How do you get so far and yet never have the foresight to say "hmm, maybe I shouldn't put this in writing."
The northside is a big place, and I alone could name like 12 all over it. What neighborhoods would you prefer? On The Route in Lincoln Square is a great place, as is Village Cycle near Old Town. Looking for smaller urban shops? Comrade is a go to place for a lot of people, and I like popping into Let's Roast for quick fixes as well.
I haven't been on a flight that offers those things in sooooo long, so I can't even remember what they once included. I think the last time I was on a plane with a movie or entertainment Hairspray had just come out so they were showing that. Which I did not watch.
Post to /r/milwaukee as well, I'm sure you'll get more of a response.
23 hourly is pretty good money.
There's also a 19.5% ABV version out there. Tastes just the same, and only something you should do once.
What a fucking mess. All for a broken and failed school system that is the laughingstock of the country.
A star wars character, if I recall correctly.
Wait, you left? Have you always been out of the city?
You're the kind of person who stands on the left side of escalators, aren't you.
The fear of displacement flies in the face of complaints stating that a 3 day festival won't provide any economic stimulus to the community. Fuck out of here with that inconsistent logic. If there is no benefit to the community then crying up and down about displacement is a load of bull. I understand their feelings, I am empathetic to that. But they are completely irrational and their chief reason for keeping the festival out is clear. Good thing it is likely only a select few and the alderman is on board.
A friend of mine watched the cubs back home in rural Oklahoma, and her dad travels here often for games throughout the season. Such a shame that they stopped that.
I think I'm starting to see how Jesus fed so many people with a few fish. All hail Publix.
Man, if I let it bother me that much when I can't do anything about it other than vote I would drive myself absolutely crazy. I would eventually quit and want to get away from it.
They do. Indiana, however, has shit laws.
Feels good knowing that the place I grew up in and the place I currently live in have so many similarities.
That shouldn't even be surprising. I see those as often as I see the stock iPhone looking headphones on the train every morning.
On one hand you've got people who have lived in a neighborhood for years, or maybe had a mom and pop shop that was their family's name sake on the main boulevard, and on the other is a developer or or landlord who naturally is trying to make as much money as possible off leases and real estate. In one case the area remains local and family driven, and the other results in national chain stores and a Schaumburg-esque presence. 10/10 will not support the latter. Sure, some people make out like bandits, but a good many can only sit by and watch. A cleaner neighborhood is always a better thing, but there is a point where it is just over saturated and no longer holds any urban appeal.
I certainly can't fault the landlords for doing what they're doing as it's just business, but I sure as shit wouldn't hold a door open for them and definitely would let my future dog shit in their yards.
How is that relevant.
I don't think he was presuming anything about your student or his setting, just addressing a common pitfall that exists among a lot of students. It's tough to gauge which one is in front you. I know growing up I was better served with the approach /u/docmedic laid out. I had tutors and teachers who used your approach and I hated them because I thought it was silly and would just ignore them after a while. I believe that had a hand in me not liking/not being good at/not wanting to put effort in math when I was younger.
Someone made mention of that very thing regarding the Kentucky Governor yesterday. Edit: [Never mind it was 3 days ago](https://np.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/3z5ffh/kentuckys_governor_looks_to_be_aimed_at_making/cyjgwsi)
A girl I graduated college with went to Lane Tech, and I guess they had a program that allowed them to intern/volunteer/be a mentee with people in some of the city's top engineering firms. She had an in with engineers at Thornton Tomasetti in freaking high school and used that to get an internship. Nobody from UIC gets in with places from Thornton but she had no problem thanks to that.
Well DNAInfo is constantly siphoning stories from this sub, so hopefully you posting this will give this group some attention that they deserve once those reporters and writers log in.
The rural poor are receiving subsidies toward farming and agriculture. Without it food would be far more expensive for everyone. We're all supporting each other. And yes, I realise some farmers are stupid wealthy because of it, but far more would have nothing at all without it.
Race to the bottom eh? Private sector used to do pensions too, but I guess you supported them doing away with that as well.
I think he said he's like 90% a work redditor so we may not hear from him til tomorrow.
OH WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK.
This thing goes so deep. That incident in Afghanistan yesterday? Special Ops going in to silence the Taliban and their involvement in the cover up.
Are you having a face to face interview? When I was asked if I had ever conspired to over throw the government that kind of threw me for a loop. Then when they asked about sensitive family stuff I said "are you sure you really want to go down that rabbit hole." The investigator said in past interviews people have cried when that kind of stuff comes up.
Keep in mind, if you are renting your apartment you would most likely be violating the terms of your lease by renting out space in your apartment through AirBnB and would totally be grounds for eviction if the LL found out. Not everyone cares about that risk, however, and do it anyway.
Do you notice the conversations or articles getting progressively more worrisome? I ask because I plan on entering the housing market in about 4 years and wonder where the worry was focused circa 2008 and how the sky-is-falling mantra progressed. The market bottomed out around 2012 if I recall correctly so I'm really just crossing my fingers that the timeline repeats. Right now it's a joke so I'm just watching closely while I save.
Yea I'm just bothered with my current market (Chicago). I have to remember that some parts of the city continue to get attention while others continue to be neglected, swaying values considerably. The burbs are still very affordable, so I guess to assume values are peaking soon is pretty illogical when the variables involved today are not the same as they were.
She's had a pretty good record speaking out for an increase in pay for teachers only to have them be laid off months later. Failed her job of protecting teachers during the school closings, never proposed reasonable alternatives to the city, and consistently is ignoring the real economic issues that face the city and CPS while demanding more. The biggest reason why people have such a disdain for CPS is because of CTU and Karen Lewis.
She's been in the Union since the 80's and became prez in 2010 I believe.
How do you think TSCA places the burden of proof on EPA? When it comes to PCBs, lead, and asbestos, anyone who wants to operate as a handler of sorts of those items or owns something that contains it has to follow quite a bit of rules pertaining to it. I mean just getting a permit to operate as a PCB treatment, storage, or disposal facility is quite a long and daunting process and nobody wants to go through with it.
I'm not complaining about anything. I work in remediation I'm well aware of it's needs. I just wasn't sure what you meant about the burden of proof being on the EPA.
I feel like I'm the only one who enjoys strolling around navy pier on this sub.
It is. It's one of the quietest and safest neighborhoods in the city.
That's how a lot of the government agencies are. I work for another one and any disagreement, so long as it isn't criminal, can be easily discussed via letter/phone call.
Ravenswood and I pay 1400 for a really nice 2 bed 1 bath apt. It's maybe about 1000 sq ft and in a very well maintained building. Compared to other places I saw this was a good deal.
During the great mod exodus of 2014, the guy who ran the flairbot stopped supporting it so everyone's flair went away. Afterwards flairs were enabled so that anyone could type anything as their flair so we had like 40 mayors. When the new mods were selected they updated their available flairs but I had already typed in Ravenswood when it was a free for all so I got to keep it. They went with community areas rather than neighborhoods since they are permanent (and neighborhoods are subjective), so that's what you are stuck with.
Difficulty won't matter and 1099s still qualify. They draw the line at rental income, but most other types qualify if I remember correctly. I helped a lady go back three years and ammend her previous returns after she learned she was getting screwed over by her estranged husband who was claiming her kids when they would have qualified as her dependents. That was fairly tedious, and far more time consuming than what you described. Bear in mind the lines can be long so plan on going as soon as the tax sites open for the season. Make sure you have all of your documentation as well because you don't want to sit in line twice. You can always call their hotline with questions. I'm unsure about the out of state income thing though (assuming you are still in Illinois but earned income elsewhere). I don't think it would matter since you generally pay taxes based on where you live (but it depends on the states involved).
There's currently an /r/askreddit thread about this with loads of potential questions.
/r/legaladvice This seems like it might go beyond the scope of this sub. Someone dispersed a loan amount to some company, and they accepted it. If your campus did not accept it, then there is something else going on. Can you have Sallie Mae provide proof that they paid the loan and to whom? Did they pay it to the wrong company, or did you have them disperse it to the wrong office/campus location?
White Plains Beach is a solid alternative to Sandy if you're newer and would like something better than freaking Waikiki. The surf's pretty intense but nowhere near Sandy levels, and at least when I lived on the islands it was never crowded. Just be careful of the rocks. It's near a reef I think so there are some surprised jagged edges on the floor.
I believe /u/mattfromchicago might be able to help. I think he was the one who said he works a job that gives him easy access to things like this.
I thought this was an interesting opinion piece and really drives home what we talk about here and the effect it has on the city, even if it wasn't the intent. People coming here or staying here after college or whatnot, having kids and building stroller armies while trying to stick it out, only to succumb to the stresses of trying to build a family in a 3rd floor 1000 sq. ft. walk-up apartment. In their wake they leave neighborhoods more expensive than they were, filled to the rim with suburban chain stores and overpriced developments that were built mainly to attract the very people that end up leaving anyway. While they prefer to stay city dwellers forever, they can't manage the hassles and eventually revert back to the life they likely originally knew and grew up around in the burbs.
Totally agree. There are parts of the city that work better for that than others certainly, but the burbs are clearly an easier time for a family of 4+ while maintaining some level of affordability. It's just interesting to see the degree to which this occurs. It's an anecdotal example, but when she said all five of her friends have left and she was the last one, it certainly is a trend and has a lasting effect on the area. Maybe LP isn't the best example since it's always been pricey, but you've gotta wonder what is happening in other areas like Logan, Wicker, or even Pilsen.
I would love to get into a place in Irving, Jefferson, or even Edison or Beverly. Hopefully in the next 4 years the housing market begins to cool off, but I'm not holding my breath. I've seen some well maintained places out there get listed for around 250k and get picked up in a matter of weeks above asking.
What was it like buying at that time? Wasn't there are pretty short time period between peaks in housing prices? I've read there were two peaks in the 70's which was pretty uncharacteristic of trends.
This is one of my more favorite /r/chicago troll accounts.
Yea that was so infuriating. How can he think for a second he would be an appropriate president of the US and think it's OK to insult the citizens of the US just because they don't share the same fucked up morals.
Considering how the turmoil in the ME is more or less connected with the west's actions in the ME in response to 9/11, how that connection between New York and 9/11 didn't cross his mind once even mid-sentence is telling of how terrible of a candidate he is.
Well he's a tow truck driver I believe.
Exact same thing is happening with the gf. Hopefully this is just an issue with them being new.
EPA was looking for authority to override the local governments' decision to make the switch without having the right treatment in place. By the time the region received a response the switch had already been done, along with the damage. State's rights, after all lmfao.
Sounds like you want the feds to be able to override the rights of the states.
Lol um no. This would be considered a nonpoint source of water pollution. Under these circumstances federal enforcers cannot typically override decisions of the state. This is one of the places where federal regs are weak. Only state and local governments have a hand in shaping how federal laws are put in effect in instances like these. All the EPA can do is enforce the regs in a reactionary way. The onus is on the states and municipalities to comply with them.
I'll ask a different question. Do you think the EPA or even other federal agencies should have the ability to override the decisions of the states and their local governments? Because currently the EPA does not have that authority (nor should they).
The president has little authority over individual states outside of signing federal law. Per the Constitution. The onus is on the state and its agencies to actually follow the law.
Yea how bullshit. Admitting they aren't going to give him questions. God I hate these debates.
El Paraiso in Elgin. The one off of Rte. 20 and McClean. Best tacos in the area easily. Kicks the shit out of anything you would find out here in Chicago and are less than $3 each.
That's a very emotional and irrational response. Sounds like you wouldn't be interested in an actual discussion about how to handle this huge debt burden. That's an issue of past decisions that we can't undo.
That's one of the reasons that I refuse to own a place where I'm sharing a wall with someone else. These HOA fees are nuts. And if you're part of an HOA that includes other buildings as well, you'll face months where you might need to pay even more in the event something happens to one of theirs. Although, not having to worry about furnaces, a roof, or a poorly built building might certainly be comforting.
I don't think people *wanted* this for CPS. Expected? Sure.
Another example: AK Steel was the world's leading supplier of electrical steel until they hired a guy from China. He had worked there (I think at their Zanesville, OH facility) for a few months learning how it was made. When he finally learned enough he stopped showing up. The company did a pretty intensive investigation to see where he ended up, and learned he went back to China. Years later their biggest competitor with that type of steel is the very company this Chinese dude went back to. And there is nothing they can do about it. They files DoJ complaints up the wall, but to no avail.
Goddamn, took me an hour to get to LaSalle and VB. When did you get on? I got on at about 9.
&gt; We were either going to sell both or one of our cars. I would recommend keeping one of them. No matter where you live, you'll find having two cars is significantly more of a hassle than just having one. Finding parking, dealing with street sweeping, annual city stickers (which you will need to get), etc. Having one car though, can make getting to certain parts of the city far easier. Going north and south is easy, but going east and west isn't as simple. After a while you can decide if you want to get rid of that other one too. &gt; How early are we talking in terms of free parking? 5am 6am? I can only speak to the area around UIC, I never had an issue during any time of the day. Most of the residential streets are zoned, so if you're driving in those are out. The earlier the better though. I would have people park on Loomis just north of Van Buren, or on Van Buren. It's relatively close to UIC-West and not zoned. You might be able to get a student parking pass for the garages though, which might be worth it - I knew plenty who did. &gt; Brightport/Pilsen sounds promising. Is that the city or suburbs? Bridgeport*. City. South of Roosevelt and UIC. It's a neighborhood you can Google to see where it is. Diverse and cheap area with a lot of families, but not as much night life. Street parking is plentiful. I would have lived there if it weren't for the gf.
I can only hope. A new building went up across the street from me with "luxury" units that go for 2 times more than my rent and aren't much nicer, save for in unit laundry and SS appliances. If my LL decides to go money hungry based on this I would have to leave. Staying where it is or even having a very small increase would be very welcome compared to what *could* happen.
Yea we are forgoing the kids ourself for this reason. We aren't even in an area as pricey as yours and the costs of living are still too high for us considering other goals we have.
I bet you could sell this to the Wolf Point people so they can put it on their website to advertise.
Beats the hell out of that shirtless runner that was all over the news from Chicago. Let's make this guy famous!
Even the ones who do come up here often only do so for a few years because this is where the money is and resume buffers are. As far as civil engineering goes, we've got CH2M, MWH Global, AECOM (sorta), Thornton Tomasetti, Skidmore, Owings and Merrill, and the list goes on. Spend a few years at these places, which recruit heavily from UIUC, and you can move back to Anytown, USA and set yourself up for life.
No she went through Harken. That's another fiasco, because the rep told her that her script was in a tier that meant out of pocket was $10. She shows up to Walgreens to find out it in fact is NOT in that tier, and her out of pocket will be $250. She called the rep and his response was "hurr durr I thought it was in a different tier hurr hurr." She should have checked for that in writing but that's neither here nor there.
Thanks, last we checked she wasn't but some things have changed so we'll have a second glance.
I'll be at x-sport in Lakeview in a few hours, I can check across the street at WF to see if it's there early if you're curious.
As far as filing jointly and what not, it would be fairly simple to do a side by side comparison as to what would happen depending on your choice. My sister was in the same boat and was freaking when she got married because she thought her payments would skyrocket under PAYE or IBR or whatever she is in. They compared side by side and saw how much of a difference it would be and the choice was clear.
Yup nothing there either.
Holy...Where is this? George Washington U?
Indiana
Glad to see that /r/TrueReddit has become another echochamber of /r/politics. Whatever happened to that rule where you needed to submit a submission statement along with the article?
I guess I haven't been paying much attention. The stickied post right now seems like it's giving users the ability to remove posts themselves based on some key words. I don't see why Automod couldn't remove posts that didn't have a comment starting with "Submission Statement" after the first 10 minutes if the mods' proposal is possible. Didn't it used to do something like that? Sorry if I'm beating a dead horse, especially if I've been ignorant of this the last few months.
I don't know... &gt; He shoved his face into my chest and bit the side of my breast in a very playful, cutesy, aren't-I-being-funny way. And &gt; "I've had directors ask me out on dates and, when I've said no, they have punished me by taking away parts … some stopped talking to me completely. I've had my ass grabbed, I've been kissed against my will, I've received harassing text messages, and I've been sexualized on stage for 'the sake of comedy' too many times to count." probably goes beyond being awkward, especially if it's an adult. There's a reasonable expectation that they would be aware of those kinds of no-no's. However, the term harassment *is* ripe for abuse. "If it isn't wanted, it's harassment." It's pretty easy for someone who is incredibly socially inept to say or do something unwanted but without the intent of causing discomfort. I'm sure there's a lot of that, as you say, but I wouldn't write this person's experience off.
Right? It even quoted Zillow, but I just went on there and not even a single unit is going for anywhere near that.
It's telling me that I can easily afford to live alone in Lincoln Park but can't afford to live where I currently do.
It's reasons like this that I feel I should get a fake Twitter account, because it's the only way you can actually reach out to companies and expect a response.
Well there are probably a few others too. Don't forget other expenses go up independent of income, like say for example health care. All the blame can't be placed on dual income households.
That reminds me of [this guy](http://www.marketwatch.com/story/help-my-short-position-got-crushed-and-now-i-owe-e-trade-10644556-2015-11-19). Everyone called him an idiot, which was pretty justifiable, but had Shkreli not stepped in Campbell would have made bank since KBIO completely dropped out for a good month after M.S. got arrested (which it was doing before M.S. stepped in). People would have hailed him as a genius for timing the market so well.
This read like a puzzle in Zelda. Or finding the Regis in Pokemon.
There aren't any controls or regs in place for fracking, and that is the issue. Fracking itself is not an issue, and once we get safeguards in place it'll be a fine energy source.
OP: I'm not interested in hearing about "climate change isn't real" or "it's overblown", or whatever it is. ITT: "climate change isn't real", "it's overblown" It's like a HuffPo comment section in here.
Sweet! More housing stock!
I understood the question as being directed at people who fit in the "I accept climate-change theories, but..." camp. But yes, admittedly it was a horribly worded post given the sub we're in.
Oh man, I'm sure there will be people hurling feces all over the place over this. Downstate blaming Chicago and the budget, Exelon blaming Springfield, Rauner blaming Madigan and vice versa, etc. Wonder how long before someone blames Obama. Fun times.
The only reason why things are recyclable is because there is a market for manufacturers willing to collect goods from the disposal company. If the items are soiled then manufacturers won't want it so it'll just end up as trash anyway (and the disposal co. just wasted a bunch of time and money). My guess is because they wash everything *before* sorting, and because water and oil/grease don't really mix it creates this weird film that gets all over everything. They may not even sort at all, so if that happens then it makes sense that they would make a blanket statement and discard the whole bin. The film really only affects paper products. Glass, plastics and metals are pretty much unaffected. If you don't sort properly though, the result is our asinine program where it all gets tossed. I'm sure there are costs involved with sorting and nobody wants to spend money on that, but to me if you're going to have an effective program you need to design based on how it will actually be used, not how you intend for it to be used. Edit: Chicago uses Single Stream Recycling. [Here's an NPR piece about how imperfect it is.](http://www.npr.org/2015/03/31/396319000/with-single-stream-recycling-convenience-comes-at-a-cost)
Keep in mind they are very good at taking pictures that make units look way bigger than they are.
This is how it typically works in a MRF (materials recovery facility). There are magnets and sensors galore that will separate out what can be detected/recycled/analyzed from that which can't, and as you go down the assembly line you start to find less and less that belongs in a dump. There are usually workers stationed along side it who remove things that can clog machinery or that experience tells them won't pass the test (like pizza boxes). What happens in Chicago? Who the fuck knows. Economics is what I imagine they argue, but lets not pretend City Hall and their contractors are the bastion of sound economic thinking.
Some haulers do this, like Flood Brothers, but they likely have their own facility that allows them to sort properly. If you live in a larger complex you aren't using city haulers but an independent one.
Especially since he has the nerve of being governor for only the last 2 years. Yea, fuck that guy.
What kind of camera? I can zoom in for days and read almost all the lettering.
Yup this is pretty much it. There is no logical reason to spend this much money on rent. Developers and management cos charge that because they pretty much have to, but also because they can. People see "new" and "luxury" and think they need to have it and the price is reasonable but it really isn't. Just because all the appliances are stainless steel doesn't mean it's worth an extra $1000/mo. compared to similar places with older appliances. The extra $1000/mo just paid off all of those appliances over the first year. They keep your beer just as cold as my old ass fridge, and I don't pay a premium for it. That level of logic is completely skirted among these people.
It depends on your people skills really. On the client side you will be dealing with regulators and professions of all kinds and you'll need to have a good grasp of the different subjects they'll be interested in. You'll then have to be able to match that with the client's interests while also appeasing the regulators too, which will be shrouded in legal frameworks on top of the technical ones. It's interesting and though not as technical as many engineers would like, it's complex in its own right. If you prefer technical work you may not enjoy it so much as it will be boring, but if you like a mix then I would say to consider it.
I saw them together back in like 2007 or 2008 I believe and yes, it would be worth the investment.
They played deadbolt at Riot Fest Chicago last year and everyone was singing along. So glad they're back.
I've gotta see this. I mean wtf, is this real? How could that have been allowed to happen like that? Please tell me some beekeepers have been called. I've got a coworker who is one who would love to take that away.
Yea people are crowded around taking pictures right now and they don't seem annoyed.
Between bees and falcons I've concluded that you live at the zoo.
Globe Pub. Get there now.
You can get really nice and efficient patio doors for cheap. I know Peachtree has an all fiberglass sliding door with a wood grain that looks super nice and is like $700 or something. And you can paint it or stain it just the same by some sort of magic.
I loved that guy. He was on Jackson and Wells for a while, and biking into the loop while he's playing that either made me feel like royalty or like it was Christmas. It really tied my commute together.
She and her husband used to play together but now it's just her, which makes me sad. They made those instruments by hand.
Too bad for him Tammy Duckworth called him out on his silence first before he spoke out. He's already struggling and this seems reactive so I don't see this helping him very much.
Except he isn't reaching all of the voters. His approach has caused quite a bit of divisiveness among people and really highlights the disconnect between so many in the same country.
&gt; Yeah, it's harder to obtain a mortgage but I wouldn't be surprised if there's subprime loans as a % than what we being handed out pre-recession. To me that's basically what FHA loans are. Save for vets, I know people who have no business buying a home starting the process because they can get a loan with nearly nothing down either because they can't save or just haven't saved. Not to mention in Chicago, where I live, prices are inflated because there is nothing of value for sale. So people are over paying in a tight market with no money down.
So long as construction of additional rental units keeps up, it theoretically should. People who are over paying for shitty units will have the option to move up for the same price to a nicer and newer place and free up the lower end places. If people are really moving out, that effect should compound. The only way I could see this not happening is if landlords start upgrading their units to compete with the higher end units, but it's not like smaller LLs all have enough dough to do that. Here's hoping.
Considering how common this is for so many in your position (mid-twenties, new job), there is nothing special about this. Don't let the door hit ya!
I'm a fan but only because I managed to sucker them into giving me a normalized rate of $21/mo. Their normal rate isn't worth it.
I say get out of the south bay area if you don't have strong ties to it.. You're getting a decent salary but way too low for your area. You can go pretty much anywhere else with a much lower cost of living, and at worst make only a little less than what you're being paid. Your OT is pretty sweet though, it's basically flextime which I get too and that extra PTO is wonderful. I get 3 day weekends all the time without dipping into normal PTO. You won't get that everywhere. For example, in Chicago anyone I know who got hired with a bachelors and worked as an s.e. started between 55k - 60k, which according to Bank Rate would be a bit over 80k in SF, while you're getting an equivalent salary of about 40k. Some here started around 62k (94k in SF) but that was at a company with high turnover lay offs for entry level. I was offered a s.e. job in the burbs with a cheap cost of living for about 50k with a small firm, and I hardly had anything to bring to table other than reciting code and equations.
Try [Gompers Park!](http://www.chicagoparkdistrict.com/parks/gompers-park/gompers-park-pool/)
Plenty of parks and golf courses are built on old hazardous waste landfills, so just having contaminated fill is no biggie.
The idiots in this sub who believe this are the most idealistic nitwits in existence.
10 days with kids right off Michigan? You have access to the coolest parks and museums. Maggie Daley Park is right there, and the museums are very easy to access where you are. Wednesdays and Saturdays have free fireworks off of Navy Pier, and also the Children's Museum at Navy Pier. Think about getting a sitter for 1 or 2 nights and check out the neighborhoods too.
Let this be a lesson as to why you should read the whole sentence, and not just parts of it.
What a fall. 50 years ago it was a huge shopping district, and now this. I wonder if other hot neighborhoods of today will see the same fate in 50 years.
Everyone I knew who went to Oakton then transferred into a 4 year engineering program did very well and were really smart. I don't know what they are doing there but it's clearly working.
This....might be better than the Zero Gravity post.
Considering how they have to fly to get to the balconies, I say they deserve it. They don't even have wings!
Make sure the Red Line is on there.
That's my thought as well. People don't do well when there are too many options to choose from. Keeping up with 2 is hard enough, you really think the general populace could handle more?
I love how in this thread people are defending Uber by taking issue with consumer protection laws because they feel they might cause prices to rise, cause a system or business to fail, etc. What do they think the Department of Public Health does? Exactly that, but it ensures people aren't getting E. coli every time they go to Nando's. I'm sure they aren't complaining about that, though. People here even celebrate when places get shut down by the DPH. The same principles are being applied here, but with Uber/Lyft.
&gt; But what if those consumer protections cause those systems to fail? This is essentially the same argument that people use who oppose regulations such as occupational safety, environmental protection and public health. Not saying that everything needs to be regulated, but with how widespread and integrated Uber/Lyft has become in our day to day life, additional protections are needed just as they would be for construction sites, waste disposal and food prep.
It's only a one-day class to get the license though, right? Doesn't seem to be restrictive to anyone other than those who just don't want to do that. If you're part time and don't want to do it, just like any other job there will be someone else who will.
I think everyone can agree that rules and regs always make it harder for people to enter into a market, no matter what it is. And yes, they essentially serve to weed out people who won't want to take extra steps for safety and security. Some people care about that, and some people don't. The philosophy here is likely that the opinions of those who want more safety trumps those who don't want it. Among other thing$.
And? That leaves room for other ride share companies to move in and fill the gap if people so choose. That's what regulations do - those who don't wish to comply can't compete, and those who do reap the benefits. There are a lot of smaller ride share companies out there that don't get the same attention that Uber/Lyft does for whatever reason that could fill the void if they choose to follow the regs. Leaked docs indicate that Uber is already operating at a loss anyway, so even without these regs they aren't doing well.
That's two sentences, where the OP said one, so like a typical corrupt Chicagoan you just want to change the rules to benefit yourself and get rich off of karma.
It's simply a guideline, and a pretty useful one IMO. Obviously individuals will need to adjust it according to their own lifestyles and expectations, but it's a good starting point based on average lifestyles and monthly bills.
What's your point? And if they went to 50% I'm sure there would be hardly anyone to report on. If it was 15% (like me) then most of the city would probably be in trouble. The point is that the championed guideline is being exceeded by a lot of people, and if you do the math as to why that guideline exists, it would mean that people aren't putting a lot away for emergencies or retirement or as the article points out, shopping and making healthy choices. Just because you don't agree with it doesn't make it BS.
I imagine things like car and health insurance have risen considerably, as well as other line items like student loan debt that made people adjust the guideline. Maybe saving rates aren't very high according to most people's needs either. As others have pointed out, it's been the guideline for quite a while now.
A guideline by definition is not something set in stone and something everyone acknowledges is arbitrary and dependent on a lot of different factors, i.e., advice. The person making 20k is not your average person, nor is the person making 500k, so those guidelines will obvs not necessarily apply to them, however, for different reasons. The 20k person because they are fucked no matter what they do, and 500k person because they can light 30% of it on fire and not be too bothered by it. You're getting hung up on this for no reason.
Why are you so committed to this? Are you spending more than 30% and upset that this article is calling you out? It's a guideline, and you can do whatever the fuck you want with it, as can everyone else. Jesus christ.
This is what people here don't seem to get. Uber and Lyft aren't some a god-like companies with business models that nobody could ever replicate. There are numerous other and smaller ride sharing companies in existence that nobody uses for a variety of reasons who could easily fill the voids if these big players were to leave the Chicago market. There is a shit ton of money to be made here and enough of a disdain for cabs that people are willing to try anything. Uber/Lyft just marketed very well so that's what people use. Uber for one is operating at a loss, with only some of the major urban markets being profitbale. They grew faster than they could handle based off of a business model with few laws. They had internal controls that are very good, no doubt, and arguments can be made that Chicago's proposed laws are fixing a problem that doesn't really exist, and that this is also a money grab (everything in Chicago is a money grab), but consumer protection laws exist for very good reasons. A new company who can adopt new regs can easily move in and provide the same service AND comply with regs.
This is really all it seems like to me - them just wanting to get their way. This isn't a campaign to protect ride sharing, this is a campaign only to protect Uber and Lyft. Ride sharing is doing just fine and will continue to do just fine. It's these two companies that are going to struggle because their business models won't allow them to adjust or something, so they are using their size to threaten city hall.
The only difference between cabs and ride sharing is that cabs can pick people up willy nilly from anywhere at any time, and Uber provides some up front consent. Uber and Lyft provide some extra security for the passenger (pictures, license plate, make/model) and cabs really don't save for a medallion and a picture only once you get inside of it. That's a nice feature, but that's all it is. Maybe cabs should update their methods somehow to get with the times. Other than that they provide essentially the same service.
&gt; why do you think there was a need for them in the first place? There wasn't a **need** for them, there was a hole for them to fill and they did it. It just turns out the the hole that they filled is controversial, and industries are adjusting (or not). Vagina jokes.
That isn't an argument against the need for regs, if that's what you're doing. All you're saying is that they provide a better service than cabs, which is mostly true.
This is something that should be addressed by the city - not allowing cabs/chauffeurs/whatever to discriminate based on neighborhoods. I'm sure it isn't allowed, but it sure as shit isn't enforced either.
Well right, it's not easy to get, but by comparison using the app you have all of that info *before* you even get into the car whereas with cabs you wouldn't know if that wasn't the driver until you were already inside. It's small peace of mind IMO since you can just look as you're getting in, but a lot of people reasonably think it's a big deal.
The auction was based on the market rate for medallions, which was artificially inflated because of the limited availability and assholes who scooped them all up for cheap back in the day and held onto them. http://www.chicagobusiness.com/article/20151124/NEWS10/151129923/chicago-struggles-to-auction-off-taxi-medallions http://www.chicagobusiness.com/article/20130913/BLOGS02/130919888/city-asks-minimum-of-360-000-for-taxi-medallions
I just looked it up, and it seems that you can't get your chauffeur's license renewed if you have unpaid city debt, or if you don't have a payment plan set up. http://www.cityofchicago.org/content/dam/city/depts/bacp/publicvehicleinfo/publicchauffer/15faqchauffeurflyer20151229.pdf
Well regs are expensive, or more expensive than if you didn't have to comply with them. If you're an existing company that's suddenly hit with new ones when your business model, pricing and compensation is based on those regs not existing, you'll have to do some serious reevaluation. Considering that they are already operating at a loss (even if they have a lot of $$ coming in) they likely aren't going to do better with new regs. A new company, on the other hand, would be able to build the pricing structure and all that jazz on the regs since they are starting from scratch. They can also plan accordingly, and use Uber as a model to guide them.
Well those are some non-sequiturs, but what report? I haven't seen it. Dollars to donuts it was posted here and downvoted to oblivion.
Obama's been mired in a number of scandals, with Fast and Furious being the biggest one I think. If F&amp;F was Hillary's pet we would have heard far more about it than we did, but it was guns and drugs which are conservatives' fap fodder so I'm not surprised we didn't get a lot of press coverage even years later like Benghazi.
Did you even read your own link? &gt; a recent report by the State Department inspector general found that Clinton had broken government rules by using a private email server without approval, undermining Clinton's earlier defenses of her emails. It didn't say anything about "them" helping her set it up, unless there is a different report. The State report I saw pretty much laid into her not following protocols, and said that she didn't consult with any cybersecurity personnel.
It's a packaged deal in order to get a chauffeurs license. You can't have any outstanding city debt if you want the license. It isn't a separate requirement.
You sure it's just the battery? There were some Google services on mine that were running haywire, and a factory reset fixed it good as new. I'm back to getting about 2 days on a single charge even 3 years later.
You don't really want that to happen (as much as Reddit does), or if it does happen you want some sort of bankruptcy trust or other financial assurance mechanism in place to ensure that the federal government isn't left picking up the tab for any cleanup. Otherwise you end up with another Outboard Marine Corp. Chances are they would get hit with some sort of enforcement order and pay a hefty fine. These things don't usually result in a criminal proceeding but instead some sort of settlement.
Consent Agreement and Final Order?
That's what insurance is for. Keep track of hail, gather hail reports, etc. to give to insurance in case they argue against hail damage. If a tree falls on the car, well, then you get a new car.
Solution: Sleep in the car. If a tree falls, he has to be more worried about you than the car.
&gt; the city’s 1.1 million private sector workers Was anyone else surprised by this? That number seems exceptionally low.
Yup. GF is a hair stylist. 100% commission. So when she's sick she spreads 100% of whatever she had or else she gets 0% of wages.
We're all gonna die.
They say that it is a huge financial and time burden for the drivers to have to jump through all those hoops, especially when most of them are part time drivers. I call bullshit on the complaint. If they were really so concerned about the drivers they would cover the cost. They have more at stake since all the affected drivers collectively just wouldn't drive anymore.
There aren't a lot of approved fingerprinting and drug testing locations in the city so it can be a time consuming process. Cost wise though I think it's a stupid argument.
I feel like the big hesitation with the city lies with the medallion system. By deregulating cabs it pretty much forces the city to admit the system is archaic and kills the value of medallions that people have sunk life savings into. No investment is safe but still... Have other cities with similar systems deregulated cabs? Or have they completely and successfully classified ride sharing as a 100% separate entity? I'm just thinking about lawsuits aimed at the city if cabs were to be deregulated.
Right? Can you imagine how big their regulatory dept would have to be to be able to deal with every major city and their unique rules?
Parking in the city is very easy. Drive over to Wilson and Ravenswood and park anywhere over there. It's free in most places. Then call a cab or Uber to take you over there or take the Brown Line over.
&gt; questions from neighbors anxious about the already critical shortage of parking in the area. The most obvious indicator of them moving to the burbs soon anyway.
Why did you have to wait in the rain? Would they not let people up there during the storm?
Sooo...you're saying my reading comprehension should probably be revisited.
