Its crazy how we Americans saved Futbol! from the evils of Blatter and co! America Fuck Yea!!!! also on side note Team USA undefeated in u20 World cup so far a plus for us!!!
what season was this? man how i forgot about this beauty!
A day of threes!
you know i was thinking about getting that one hows the flavor and clouds?
The Mexican staring frog of Sri Lanka episode....
I wonder if next season is gonna be tied up with this!
ney is done two yellows and a red basically we going to see the Brazil from last years semi final play with no neymar
Thanks def deliver please! I want to go see the movie but I just need a good review from the general public like YOU please deliver OP
Thanks now I'm gonna go watch it!
fallout 4?
I wish the best for this little shibe if my akita inu survived her nose infection which I thought the vet was gonna put her to sleep! This shibe can survive!!!! +/u/dogetipbot all doge verify
Hahahah!!!! The suffering and torture I endured on the snes!
Damn your genius! Up vote for you!
I hope so!!!
Good guy Gremlin juice....discontinues juice flavor reveals formula!!! Ya vendors out their better learn!!!
mr /u/ZUKERglass i finally cracked open my freebie ü vape that ü hooked me up and others for the holiday, that früt lüp is on point man! loving it! will buy more asap!
yea i think this is credible source RIP!
Hannover vs wehen friendly 30 mins before kick off i'm thinking Hannover +0 AH @ -154 Over 3 @ -114 Early morning pick for me betting light!
I need to taste this beer!!! ASAP
Man i miss the bears!!! I might have to get an order of it soon!
I see ney and el haddadi as the big players today with masche iniesta and pique as good support! I would love to see MaTs get a clean sheet for the club today! Visca barca!
Hahahaha called it el haddid!!!$
Neyyyy fucking mar!!!!!!! Boooom! Lets gooo this getting heaten up!!!!
Are all withdrawls 50 bucks after you use your freebie? Is neteller feasable and safe for a us customer?
Ahhh i wish we had 5 inches we getting 2' ft plus my back is gonna be bad!
GOAL OF THE FUCKING YEAR!!!! GO SPURZZZZZ!
dont even tell me
gonna be an intense 2h ughh 3 goals for the spread its not looking good
Hopefully fucking juves attacking no goals too
that sucked!
Hopefully broncos in the next 8 mins win the 2h ill catch my loss! it really sucked man! any ways gambling is gambling!
Ughh dont even make me remember that shit!
God 1070 or 480 the 480 or 1070 damn now i have to wait for benchmarks.........gonna delay my pc build to July!
Haven't gamed on pc/console in a loooong time since maybe 2009. I think i came in the right time to build me a nice gaming machine!!! im super hyped now...if the numbers are good for the 480 with the money I will save on not buying the 1070 I'm upgrading my Cpu from the i5 6500 to the I5 6600k for the OC option
yep gotta compensate for the extra juice!
Missing the denim skirt hun!
What a schedule Christmas eve....Its gonna make me or break me my holiday i hope sure we win would be a nice Christmas present!
Thank you for leaving my candy flavored ejuices alive!
If you have melonlyptus vape it its fucking great man its like vaping Antarctica with a splash of watermelon. Cools me down on a hot summer day!
It will numb your throat and open up your sinuses
Si...
/r/gamersbeingjerks
Nitrogensports.com
I am the big Cheese am i right?
Messi&gt;Bravo sorry!
Canon EOS rebel t6i
The Chile effect!
no they dont throw tp down the drain.
Thank you sir!!!
I applied to the Metro north division...but i think its all together with LIRR if im not mistaking. App said i would working at grand central so... thanks for the insight
Hated how hard this boss was but loved the strategy to beat it...grind and know the patterns if i recall!
Seaman!!!!
Raspberry pi build!!!
Unpopular opinion..but them refs are making me dislike la liga games...
Yes i forgot about the club cup games in japan...
Looks like they messed up teams on nfl app for verizon...
3 safetys 1 touchdown 1 point field conversion....their you go 13 points...
1)Randy 2)timmy 3)cartman 4)chef 5)season 20 Garrison
Shit 2 years damn...that season was like no other!!
Gotcha....thanks!! Im loving this game too much the grind and critical thinking involved is my thing i bought the game back when i was in college and had it backlog now i decided to play it! Fun Grindy my type of rpg!! Coming from a former D&amp;D player!
The first rule of Fight Club is: You do not talk about Fight Club.......
Add a /s so you dont get downvoted i know sarcasam when i see it lol!!
Where can i watch barca b games online?
That was pathetic...i would give him a yellow!!!!
And french Viva La resistance....!
Shitty? You are rich as fuck for having that neo geo!
I member!!!!
Might as well play single player tourneys plus is it true that you can make your own kits on photoshop and transfer them to the game?
How does one pronounce that?
Thanks
MaTs doing a good job but our players gotta get their a game up!
Oh man!!!
Denis!!! Gracias!!!
Neyyyy!!! Finally MSN!!!!
give props to MaTs one of the best goal keeping i have seen this season he was everywhere!
Damn already fuck time flies...Cant wait to see the baby bombers back in action, finally get #28 and star the new dynasty!!!
Insane! My peach tree has its buds out just waiting for a good heatwave to bloom its leafs and flowers! Hows Tenn? Im dreaming to go there soon to Nashville and the smokey mountains!
Matressfirm now!
Gonna get the baby beast for valentines day sale should i get the rba deck or use the coils that smok makes? Everyone is hyping this tank for a long time and i want to get it now.
Thats real retro vape tech there!
Fuck these 4th world countries!
Diabeetus rings!
ヽ(⌐■ل͜■)ノ Happy Summer 17'
Peppermint tobacco like Marlboro smooths Candy cane flavor?
Nice rda! What is it?
Cavs missing Della Le can't win it himself!
Man $20 for 12 months is cheap plus free retro games can't beat that! I hope it's full covfefe!
He was the one that got me into edm the guy is a beast!
3-2 juve wins
Thank you!
Kill meeeeeeee!!!!!!
Navas man!!! I give him that he's a good gk
I'll be damned
Bingo!!!!!! Manzuki!!!!! Bicycle kick!
That bicycle kick goal was insane!!! Love champions league finals like this!!
Called it on the over!!! Cash me out my coin!
Over 2.5 and 3 the most secure bet in this game that was available lost 20 bucks on ML and AH on juve
Probably most certainly cancelled
What if the Valverde Era of Barca bring back to back trebles to the club would that be better than RM winning the CL twice in a row?
Get posterized!
Dicks out!!!!!!
SPLASH BROS!!!!
No escape from reality....
🤔🤔🤔
Bitch got scalped!!!
Tree fitty!
This sounds promising!!! Bring back tiki taka tactics back messi on the wing!!! If barca gets the treb back next year valverde will be goat!
Trading turan to aquire Dimaria...i don't like this Di Maria would churn up the locker room and turn it into a rivalry within team mates...
Lucky!!! Love the old logo!
Should have bought a bitcoin at 2100 would have 700 bucks easy fml!
I know the reference!
Word all hell will break loose if he comes to barca, so much bad blood! I don't know what messi is thinking!
Holy Shinx!!!
Alien 220 or rx 2/3...i need a good device for my sub ohm tanks that are 24mm what do you guys like?
Taking me back to the summer of 15' might have to order from them when 4th of July specials arrive!!!!
Would love tc I only have been using my trusty ipv2 mini since Jan 15 2015 and I want to upgrade asap. For power I can carry 2 sets of married batteries I don't mind.
yea its a free doritos loco taco! from taco bell!
I think only in the states!
Friday is gonna be exciting! :Praising toaster intensifying:
Oh shit typo on their behalf lol!
Dude thanks for the deal I wante both the coil art and moonshot and every where it's expensive! Thanks!
Getting my smoant after I get these rtas!!! Thanks for the deals
ducktales....animaniacs....X-men
Fuck yea!!!! Thank you sir! you are the best will be downloading this to my iPad asap!!!!!
It depends how much the pool has in total you probably will see something on tv saying your winning horse with all the horses that are racing tomorrow will pay so and so. Like 3&amp;1 will pay 40 3&amp;2 will pay 23 3&amp;3 will pay so and so....like i said it depends on the pool
Food trucks are the best!
Toaster wth why u no work... I gotta talk to the magic conch now!
I need Messi and Neymar to talk to the splash bros!
Suavecito....little by little! Let's catch up GSW!!!!
Gawd!...
11
THIS GAME IS REFALIERS!!!
The D and The O!! Cmon
😭😭😭 I want to believe in the perfect streak!!!!! :toaster emoji:
I love that horse it's on my trifecta and super!!!
Lewindowski playing?
Thanks man GL!!
✌👍
20 points man! I hope the d and o comes alive! It's needed!!!!
What a game for refeliers!!!
4th Q. Ladies and gents let's see if a miracle happens if not it's been a pleasure see ya🔜
they love their alternate facts!
yankees rollin through!! and still on top of the division! i dont see no stopping!!!!
Avenging the toaster!
Finish them
That is it......I need my Judge Jersey asap!!!!
Cash... i have saved for a real jersey and not a fake replica!
Sanchize that!!!!! Love ya Gary! No homo!!!
Make this a big inning for us nyers please!
Should have stayed in 3rd....
I bet this game yanks -1.5 they have to win by 2 just hoping for a big inning!
Shweeet run sanchez!!!
LETS GOOO HOMEEEE!!!!!!
Ughh its one of those days!
FFS ok it is what it is GG....On to oakland hopefully we sweep them!
Never mind......
hicks and judge time better do something!!!!
GARY GARY.....
OK Now its the Defense job!!!! I want this Win SOOOO BAD!!!!
that almost gave me a heart attack!
LETS GOOOO.....SCORE to TIE or LEAD!
WE REFUSE.....I REPEAT WE REFUSE!!!!!!!
Take my energy bullpen keep it clean!!!
Time to pray again damnit.....I hate these west coast games!!!
WOOOO YOU HEARD MY PRAYERS WE ARE BACK IN DA GAME!!!!!
whats next guys whats the plan?
OK GALLEGOS LETS CLOSE ITTTTTT!
one down two to go
Lets go i want to go to sleeeeeep!
ARE U FUCKING KIDDING MEEEEE
3 in a row what in the actual fuck
and im not watching west coast away games anytime soon! until yanks come back to the east!
Don't remind me plus it was after 911 which made it even more sad for us nyers....i actually cried that day had to wait until I was in college to finally see the yanks win a world series!
Bingo! You know it I just want a taste of guates cheap liquor here in the states!
Yea I heard that stuff is like cusha...but it can't be worse than venado...venado is like drinking straight rubbing alcohol hahaha....
Yes! I knew it!!
GG
Nyc
YESSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!
Parma or Allesandria hook me up with another goal so my o2 in my acca is not a push but a win!!!!
Ohhh im hyped!!!!
Ughh man I got trapped in that Atletico Goianiese odds I hope they can pull off a miracle and score 2 goals in this half! Blind bets suck!
They look hungry man! go for it!
Yes! 2h in egypt league so any thing can happened there need boca now....put a side bet on them too for -1 on 2.222 odds so lets see if they can get this!
GL!
Told ya!
Yessss! 2nd half I like how they are playing!
Bro u telling me? LoL
Scared money don't make money right? That's how I take on sports gambling! GL if you put it in!
A small bet like 10 bucks would be good...dont risk it now
Another one.....
Its been a good weekend for me!!! 2/2 on accas and 1 single bet win! ACCAS [First](https://nitrogensports.eu/betslip/1205b6cZllOdTlGeUtNa1NVREsvM0lsb0NNdz09/r/86590/) [Second](https://nitrogensports.eu/betslip/b9e5c90TXNFSHdlMWZWaXI0VUNpNU5RNHcxdz09/r/86590/) [Looser 1](https://nitrogensports.eu/betslip/7f4d9d4K0tHRVNEbGJDNEs2VGNuVzEySlp1UT09/r/86590/) [Looser 2](https://nitrogensports.eu/betslip/a8452a6V1JnZXRpTFBVSmhiNXNWZHZkRHJMQT09/r/86590/) Single Bet [Boca Jrs.](https://nitrogensports.eu/betslip/e52808dKytHMVhHYWJXMmNLTFpNWXdxMmxEZz09/r/86590/) Im way up my bank had a big beating these past 2 days but am coming back up again looking for one last acca tonight to close the night!!!!!!!! GL everyone!
Heh would love to win more! Studying my last play before kick off right now!
Except Toronto fc for fuck sake they are on top playing a bottom feeder at home!
Got Them at -1 I don't mind a push
Finally Toronto! Now if Santos can score!
Let's go la galaxy please get me that last Saturday win!
I put 50 bucks in let's go keep the streak going champs!!!!
Haha haha fuck these champs
C'mon chile
