Will they be able to restart it when Germany eventually comes to its senses, or does the permanent shutdown process destroy the reactor?
&gt; Mitchelle Blair was attending a custody hearing This is probably going to hurt her chances of getting custody of her surviving children.
So they will likely begin dismantling the reactor as soon as possible. Merkel's Panic will have very expensive, long term consequences. What a shameful legacy.
It is absolutely beyond the pale that this paper - Karl et al., 2015 - is being accepted uncritically by /r/skeptic. It is a work of political activism, not science. You must know that if you accept this sort of dishonest limits-of-plausibility data massaging in climate studies, you give it validity in other areas. Is it really worth accepting corruption of science to strengthen a negotiating position for the Paris Climate Treaty?
This fact does not enhance the credibility of the paper, but it does harm the credibility of *Science*. And this is exactly the problem.
I wonder if we could agree not to call it an "earthquake" if it has a seismic energy less than that caused by a passing truck.
But they did that by counting negative externalities as costs, which is totally illegitimate unless you also count positive externalities as benefits.
Inexpensive energy has many positive externalities, such as poverty reduction and the accompanying benefits including basic health care and education.
It is more effective and ultimately more efficient to encourage organic economic growth and reduce poverty than to perpetuate aid schemes that enslave and corrupt. Expensive, aid-subsidized energy will just create and maintain poverty traps. We must not perpetuate these mistakes.
Supposing that you have self-improving AI (AI with a model of itself on which it can operate), it isn't too much of a stretch that the AI can construct models of human minds and forecast their collective desires, detect coherences in those desires (e.g., no one wants to be turned into paperclips).
One proposal is to use diagnostic AIs that have the goal of "answer question X about the CEV AI and then terminate."
Suppose you knew that 80% of people, when deprived of one religion, will invent a new one. And that, on average, new religions are worse than existing religions. You could rationally and ethically be an atheist, while also supporting the existing theisms for the 80%. In fact, some ethical theories would require that you hold this position. Another possibility: suppose you were a howling void of a person whose only remaining emotion was the lust for power over others, or a Member of Congress. While you, yourself, have been atheist since you dissected your first few victims and failed to find any sign of a soul escaping as their eyes stopped seeing, you notice that by mouthing certain words you can obtain the obedience and even loyalty of strangers. And not just any loyalty, but that most rare and valuable of loyalties - loyalty unto death. Since hypocrisy and lies are nothing to you - your entire persona is a fiction that changes with every press release - you are exuberantly pro-theist and regularly introduce mandatory church attendance bills.
He's gonna have to get in line behind all the others.
The Polish government just wants too large a cut. Eventually the government will change or come to its senses.
Yeah, they'll have to shut them down because of power market distortions like rocket propelled grenades.
Most people who drive for a living need to be considering their options.
You'll likely be interested in this blog post ... https://www.sciencebasedmedicine.org/placebo-effects-without-deception-well-not-exactly/ Discussing the infamous "Placebos without Deception: A Randomized Controlled Trial in Irritable Bowel Syndrome" PLoS ONE paper. One complicating factor is that is that [placebos have negative effects](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Placebo#Negative_effects) (like withdrawal symptoms!), so you don't get an ethical free pass when prescribing them.
So much error arises from the false natural/artificial dichotomy. As if people aren't part of nature - it doesn't even make sense.
&gt; I realised that I had been wrong
&gt; The answer to this issue is not increased regulation, but rather rolling back regulations and encouraging innovation to make America energy independent. Being energy independent isn’t some distant hypothetical. We can be energy independent almost any time we want in the sense that most of the constraints are self-imposed. The horror, the horror.
&gt; "Faculty participants rated the male applicant as significantly more competent and hireable than the (identical) female applicant. These participants also selected a higher starting salary and offered more career mentoring to the male applicant." Some of this is likely discounting to compensate for affirmative action. I've seen people go to significant lengths to avoid working with a "diversity hire" - including people who advocated for the hire.
A glacial isostatic adjustment is used to exaggerate official sea level rise ... http://sealevel.colorado.edu/content/what-glacial-isostatic-adjustment-gia-and-why-do-you-correct-it but how large the adjustment should be is very uncertain. Much less certain than simply measuring sea level with satellites. I'll also note that most of the recent sea level rise can not be accounted for by melting ice, it is assumed to be from heating of the ocean (warm water takes up more volume).
&gt; Why are we "assuming" this, rather than accounting for it? Mainly because we don't have good data on the thermal structure of the ocean ... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thermocline#Oceans The varying salinity at different depths causes the ocean to stratify into a number of semi-permanent layers, and we are only just beginning to understand the heat transfer processes between these layers. Add in [thermohaline circulation](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thermohaline_circulation) and the[ important processes that occur at the poles](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Antarctic_Bottom_Water) and the thermal model gets quite complex. Rather, I should say that we've only started getting good data very recently (last 10 years) ... http://www.argo.ucsd.edu/ And there is indeed a problem with "missing heat." Currrently it is assumed by Alarmists that this missing heat is hiding in the very deep ocean just out of range of the Argo floats. Although maybe with Karl et al., 2015 the missing heat problem goes away - whenever they adjust recent temperatures up, they usually adjust past temperatures down so that they can pretend they've been evenhanded.
There isn't a lot looking at global air pressure trends. I did find this [2003 study](http://www.nature.com/articles/nature01487.epdf?referrer_access_token=df_hg1U2Q4PxjZa9LbgFT9RgN0jAjWel9jnR3ZoTv0PGx0WIQdW3t4nLiFz8ZggJADcmwujD5FCGQsVMhc6gl4u_DtXgBFxI-B_pGH670ZK7G761b5d1ZAW0CPUR4Umr5GpHzYxUGKiwxL7sC_fLK0Fom7DpuozlIK_hvn7gzaG1qVW-nqMEsAnngPQwK7gV&amp;tracking_referrer=www.nature.com). It looks like the (slight) trend is for lower air pressure over the poles and higher air pressure over Europe (1948-1998) - by eye, lower air pressure wins out overall by a few millibars.
One thing I think everyone should know when thinking about sea level is just how **not level** the sea is ... http://marine.copernicus.eu/web/46-sea-level.php Even ignoring 10,000+ mm movements due to tides, the ocean still "piles up" in places to create persistent peaks and troughs in the 300 mm range due to changing ocean currents and winds.
It is very encouraging to see politicians on top of this. It is crucial that the US avoid getting caught up in the EU's lunatic plunge into energy poverty.
Sweet, sweet deadlock.
My understanding is that ELM control is still a "probably" - and that we really won't know more until the experiments happen.
You might be interested in this paper ... Katzenstein et al., [The variability of interconnected wind plants](http://www.sustainable.gatech.edu/sustspeak/apt_papers/60%20The%20variability%20of%20interconnected%20wind%20plants.pdf) [PDF], 2010 &gt; These results do not indicate that wind power can provide substantial baseload power simply through interconnecting wind plants. ERCOT’s generation duration curve shows wind power reliably provides 3–10% of installed capacity as firm power (as defined above) while BPA’s generation duration curve shows 0.5–3% of their wind power is firm power. The frequency domain analyses have shown that the power of interconnected wind plants will vary significantly from day to day and the results of the step change analyses show day-to-day fluctuations can be 75–85% of the maximum power produced by a wind plant (Figs. 8–10).
Mainstream science tells us that any economic damage from global warming will be trivial compared to the economic damage that would result from adopting these lunatic energy policies, plunging us into a global, generations-long economic depression as well as dire energy poverty.
Any state that doesn't have an independent infrastructure is a liability and should be subject to increased taxes to compensate.
I don't understand how your comment relates to infrastructure resiliency.
&gt; I take it you're not a fan of Jacobson' studies Of course not, they are ludicrous. But *because* they are clearly ludicrous, they are less dangerous than Stern-derived plans - which would do less harm, but still significantly more than any possible harm from global warming. &gt; The longer we wait to bring emissions to zero, the more difficult and costly adaptation to future climate change will be. This is a core Greenist lie. The longer we wait, the easier and less expensive adaptive measures will be - in response to global warming or any other challenge. &gt; any serious scientist understands as beyond adaptation for civilization as we know it Even if climate sensitivity weren't significantly lower than the official Alarmist propaganda, this is just a ridiculous statement. The only way our powers of adaptation will fail is if we somehow fell for the Greenist ruse of crippling ourselves by deliberately plunging into energy poverty. &gt; I'm all for energy abundance Well, we have common ground there then. There are a variety of real challenges ahead of us, and the best way to adapt to all of them is through resiliency that comes from organic economic growth driven by energy abundance.
Because of the way infrastructure is regulated in the US?
There does seem to be a lot of compliance theater going on.
We will create our lives as we've always done. These new tools will assist you or leave you alone as instructed. Unless you try to shoot up a theater full of people, then your weapons will be disabled and you'll be scheduled for mandatory cognitive therapy. The neo-primitives will live in nature parks. Anarchist communities will be kept stocked with weed and brownies (except those who also want to be neo-primitives). You'll be able to practice risky wing-suit fly-bys knowing that you'll be scraped up and stitched back together if you fuck up - unless you say "no safety net this time, if I die it is forever." Sure some of us will travel the stars, study art and science, create and play together, grow, learn, live, laugh, love - but you don't have to. If you want, you can lie down in the pleasure cube all day. Bet it gets boring after a while though. Then could get a curiosity augmentation, perhaps just a prosthesis to start.
&gt; I think the evidence points to the fact it will be super intelligent in a 'short' time though. When you say this, what evidence do you think of?
&gt; It's no longer about just being environmentally friendly - now it's to the point where these activist environmental zealot idiots will go out of their way to stop any and all future projects, regardless of environmental impact, and regardless of the need for the energy. &gt; These people are not only anti-development, they are self-hating anti-humans. Exactly so. A large fraction of Green leadership is anti-human. Their "zero carbon by 2050" plans require a deliberate multi-generational economic depression that plunges the world into energy poverty, stripping us of the ability to meet the challenges of the future - including the environmental challenges they use as bogeymen. They plan for a population under a billion people, and in so doing ensure that billions would not survive their plan. I can only assume that most people aren't taking them seriously, or just don't understand what their plan entails.
I kept waiting for something other than mushy platitudes about being a better listener, and then the article ended.
How can anyone take this seriously in the wake of Karl et al., 2015? Alarmists now know that if it looks like they will lose the bet, then NOAA will just adjust the temperature record so that they win.
&gt; It would be fascinating to see some sort of site allowing individuals to make this gamble. http://longbets.org/
&gt; NASA GISS Yeah, I don't think so. Since they play exactly the same sort of "cooler past, warmer present" [adjustment games](https://notalotofpeopleknowthat.files.wordpress.com/2013/01/image32.png). Not as blatant as NOAA of course, but no less dishonest.
Everyone's an economist.
&gt; It's not like they can just look. If only there were some [instrument for making astronomical observations](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Telescope) ...
The solar system [ephemerides](http://ssd.jpl.nasa.gov/?ephemerides) are determined using telescopes. This is not controversial.
&gt; Space craft do not navigate based on computer simulations of the solar system. The star cameras and sun sensors provide information about actual spacecraft attitude, but you still have to model the trajectory of the spacecraft and trajectory of the target to have a 'goal' attitude (towards which you correct). The calculations don't need to take place on the spacecraft, but they need to take place somewhere.
Which is done mainly using initial high precision ephemeris observations + classical orbital mechanics. Granted spacecraft attitude determination is important during maneuvers, as well as direct observations of the target once they are available.
&gt; Big Batteries, Energy Storage Key to Renewables’ Future. In fact, it is exactly the additional energy storage requirements that ultimately ensure intermittent generation remains a niche technology ... &gt; The EROEI of solar PV with pumped hydro storage drops to 1.6, barely above breakeven, and with battery storage is likely in energy deficit. http://bravenewclimate.com/2014/08/22/catch-22-of-energy-storage/
&gt; By "initial", do you mean "while the spacecraft is close to Earth"? Yes. &gt; If so, are you essentially saying we fly spacecraft by dead reckoning? Yes, until you can make direct observations of the target. There is a proposal for an "interplanetary GPS" but we don't have one right now ... http://www.technologyreview.com/view/515321/an-interplanetary-gps-using-pulsar-signals/
&gt; A week ago the German government decided to reduce sharply the tariff it pays for solar PV, on the grounds that it is a waste of money. Just as the Germans have begun to abandon their monumental mistake, we are about to repeat it. Interestingly, Monbiot has held this position for at least 5 years ... http://www.theguardian.com/environment/georgemonbiot/2010/mar/11/solar-power-germany-feed-in-tariff
They're really just reporting on the observations they made ... &gt; AMOC variability ... was larger than ... ship-based observations over 50 years. &gt; ... &gt; the amplitude of the seasonal cycle ... was much larger ... than anticipated, and the driving mechanism of wind stress in the eastern Atlantic was unexpected as well. &gt; ... &gt; the 30% decline in the AMOC during 2009–2010 was totally unexpected &gt; ... &gt; the AMOC has been declining at a rate of about 0.5 Sv per year, 10 times as fast as predicted by climate models. Whether this is a trend that is a decline due to global warming or part of the so-called Atlantic Multidecadal Oscillation/Variability, inferred from sea surface temperature measurement, is also a subject of active research "a subject of active research" means that there are lots of theories, and they don't have enough evidence yet to rule out the wrong ones.
So microgravity might be good for quantum computing? Help prevent unwanted decoherence?
I am convinced that Climate Alarmism has its source in people who are externalizing the fear of their own impending mortality.
The only question is whether the Catholics will successfully subsume the climate religion, or if they have finally met their match.
The Alarmists are blowing their load way too soon. The Paris Climate Talks aren't until December. Is there something happening in the next 2-4 weeks that justifies this escalation in hysteria?
The core mechanism is that a molecule of CO2 absorbs photons of certain wavelengths and then reemits them in a random direction. So incoming photons from the sun can get turned around, and outgoing photons from the surface of the Earth can get turned around. But the incoming wavelengths from the sun are different from the outgoing wavelengths of the Earth - as you can see in the first part of this figure ... https://cosmoscon.files.wordpress.com/2011/12/atmospheric_transmission.png The second part of the figure shows the effect of the various gases.
Truer words were never spoken, but there is also a level-of-hysteria dynamic - after a certain level, the public just turns off and the escalating hysteria becomes self-defeating. The last peak was a few months before the New York Times disbanded their Climate Alarm division and Andrew "dotearth" Revkin started toning down his alarm and even (gasp) voicing some doubts. I assumed that there would be another peak, and indeed we've seen Nature Climate Change publish a paper on every alarmist topic ever raised, not to mention blatant fraud like Karl et al., but reaching the top of the alarm curve 5-6 months out will hurt them. They are screaming "we're all gonna die!" and it just can't be sustained for that amount of time without becoming a joke. It has to be 2-4 weeks max. I mean I don't see anything here ... http://unfccc.int/meetings/unfccc_calendar/items/2655.php until September. They've been making a lot of noise over Shell getting the go ahead for the Arctic ... maybe that's it. Maybe it's random. Maybe they're going to try a whipsaw strategy: apocalypse nothing can be done, it's fine as long as you give us money, apocalypse, it's fine, apocalypse, it's fine. That's probably what it feels like inside the Church of Climate Alarm - maybe they're just trying to replicate that in the public.
It's complete drivel from start to finish. Clickbait for academics. &gt; As Apple Watch leads the suppuration of a new era of wearables, who has energy left to object? WTF? If you don't want one, don't get one. End of story.
See - your two sentence comment is more interesting than the entire article.
It'll be interesting to see what Saudi Arabia's maximum output actually is. I thought 10 million bbl/day was the maximum without hurting the reservoirs.
Original title mistakenly calls the agents of Greenpeace Corporation 'warriors'.
Original title "Kremlin Fears a Revolution in Armenia" fails to indicate relevance to /r/energy.
Original article, titled "[Staat vecht klimaatuitspraak aan](http://eservice-data.solidam.com.s3-website-us-east-1.amazonaws.com/publication/telegraaf/native-app/issue/2015/06/25/0001/public/frame/bccae7956acd9e90624c0c98a260514d517ffc08.html)" is in Dutch.
Take it up with the Financial Times journalist, not me.
http://spectrum.ieee.org/energywise/energy/nuclear/startup-designs-trucksize-nuclear-reactor http://techcrunch.com/2014/08/18/yc-backed-upower-is-building-nuclear-batteries/
Original title "Low-lying Bangladesh targets jump in coal use" fails to quantify the 'jump'. ft.com is paywalled. You can read some of the article here: http://www.thegwpf.com/after-paris-bangladesh-targets-huge-jump-in-coal-use/
https://www.energy-charts.de/energy.htm gives lower figures for wind, but still shows a +50% growth in wind TWh over 2014. What happened to give such a massive boost? Did they change the way wind TWh are being counted? Edit: new capacity - on shore and offshore - was just 3 GW, so that can't explain more than 5 TWh. Where did the other 25 TWh come from? Finally connecting offshore generators to the grid? Was it just really windy?
It allows scientists to test their models of conventional and nuclear chemistry against reality, and may one day lead to wonders like room temperature superconductors.
It seems there is much simpler explanation for Saudi behavior that /u/stumo explains nicely here ... https://www.reddit.com/r/energy/comments/3ymfbl/saudi_arabia_posts_98_billion_deficit_for_2015/cyft0n6 Basically, in the 80s, the Saudi's tried cutting production to keep oil prices high. Not only did the attempt fail, but it hurt their market share. It took decades to recover. They aren't going to do it again.
I wonder who still reads physical newspapers?
The irony is just off the charts. Detonating children for daring to question - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zR73mcZW7B4 (warning: graphic) Lobbying at the highest levels to make adult questioning a crime - http://www.thegwpf.com/judges-plan-to-outlaw-climate-change-denial/ But skeptics are the bullies?
Consider that they have seen every climate projection, and yet still choose to fight energy poverty first. Imagine how much energy poverty must suck for them to make this choice.
Greenists = The Grinch.
I think it's a classic cost-benefit analysis. Even if there were no global warming, they would have to deal with 30,000+ mm storm surges. The incremental cost of 3mm/year is relatively insignificant. In contrast, the opportunity cost of remaining in energy poverty is several multiples of their current GDP. In addition, exiting energy poverty means that effective adaptation and general resilience are possible. Indulging in alarmist fantasies is the privilege of the idle wealthy.
Or they could spend the capital on solar PV or even pulling CO2 from the air and making syngas which doesn't have ridiculous storage requirements. Hydrogen is a terrible energy storage medium.
&gt; If we mock them, journalists might dial down on the weather porn stories. Perhaps, to the extent that any real journalists remain. The "news" industry has become so shameless. Everything is clickbait.
&gt; The country is on track to produce 3.58 billion tons of coal this year [2015] &gt; ... &gt; China’s total coal production capacity including under mines construction is estimated at more than 5 billion tons while its coal output for next year [2016] will probably reach 3.7 billion tons, leaving more than 20 percent of its capacity idle So, Chinese coal production will increase 3% in 2016.
What, exactly, in the article indicates to you that "coal output for next year [2016] will probably reach 3.7 billion tons" is "too bullish"?
&gt; 'stranded assets' He's referring to this ... [Stranded Assets – a deceptively simple and flawed idea](http://www.dieterhelm.co.uk/sites/default/files/EFN%20Stranded%20Assets%20%E2%80%93%20a%20deceptively%20simple%20idea.pdf) [PDF]
Original title "As The World Warms To Nuclear Power, The Outlook For Uranium Is Up." I changed it on a whim.
Isn't Oregon already at 50% renewable? Or do they not count hydro?
Some day I'd like to hear the tale of who murdered Scientific American.
Even more judiciously, consider an oil sector ETF or mutual fund ... http://www.investopedia.com/articles/investing/121415/10-most-traded-oil-etfs-uso-uwti-uco-xle-oil-dwti-sco-dbo-vde-dig.asp http://www.investopedia.com/articles/investing/010416/top-5-oil-and-gas-equity-mutual-funds-2016-vgenx-fsenx.asp Make sure you know how they are taxed. USO might seem like an obvious choice, but you probably don't want to hold it for "a few years."
Yes, current processes leave a lot of waste. Long term we need rebreeding to burn much more of the fuel.
Hours of wholesome fun with mandatory chat roulette.
Well, that's the reason I was happy with the agreement.
&gt; Do you believe the agreements made at COP21 are overall beneficial for society? &gt; ... &gt; Do You believe the agreements made at COP21 are overall beneficial for the environment? What does "beneficial for the environment" even mean separate from "beneficial for society"? All social science surveys do this - ask for a quantitative reaction to ill defined questions, and then start citing the numbers as if real knowledge has been gained. It's a sham at its core. Cargo cult science.
Original title "COP21: Paris deal far too weak to prevent devastating climate change, academics warn."
Not even 1 month post-Paris. Is the honeymoon over?
You could use thermoelectrics to generate electricity from body heat - there are proposals for fabrics that do this - but the heat is a waste product of the real energy generation in the body - burning simple sugars. Perhaps you could have fuel cells that take sugars and oxygen from the blood. You may need to strengthen the heart and lungs to handle the extra load, and perhaps even thermoelectric clothing to eat up some additional heat - all the current bio-parameters are exquisitely balanced - but you'll have plenty of electricity. Perhaps not metal cutting laser level, but definitely real-time augmented reality level. I'll suggest /r/worldbuilding and /r/cyberpunk for dissertation length discussions on how to power your cybernetic implants.
Oh please. James Hansen was the only one who spoke out against the deal, and was practically excommunicated from the church of climate studies for his efforts. It's taken a month for these others to gather the courage to tell the truth.
The voluntary, piecemeal carbon tax strategy is doomed from the outset. The economic incentive to lag in participation or defect from participation is just too high. This has already been proven by Kyoto. As soon as the constraint became meaningful, constrained participants left the agreement, or didn't ratify in the first place. The same will happen with the voluntary, piecemeal carbon tax strategy. As soon as states lose major investments because of a carbon tax, it will be repealed or amended to be merely symbolic. Even German Greenists look the other way when their auto manufacturing industry is exempted from all meaningful carbon taxes. Tragedy of the commons. Wicked problem. This conversation has been going on for decades. Everyone knows a mandatory, near-universal carbon tax is required to actually reduce carbon emissions. Piecemeal efforts are doubly futile because they are being made by rich countries. Even if the US had reduced its emissions to zero over the last 10 years (-5.5 GtCO2/yr), China would have added it all back (+6 GtCO2/yr) ... https://therationalpessimist.files.wordpress.com/2015/01/top-6-emitters-jpeg.jpg Within 5 years, China will emit as much as the US and two Europes combined ... https://therationalpessimist.files.wordpress.com/2015/01/regional-emissions-to-2019-jpeg.jpg The US and EU could destroy their economies with $140/ton CO2 taxes, and global CO2 emissions would still increase. Voluntary, piecemeal carbon taxes are a proven failed strategy. Which is why the Paris Climate Agreement is a failure from the point of view of climate alarmists.
The creation of the Koch demon? Yes, a great study in modern propaganda techniques. Edit: Link to Nazis = demonization complete, well done everyone! http://mobile.nytimes.com/2016/01/12/us/politics/father-of-koch-brothers-helped-build-nazi-oil-refinery-book-says.html?_r=1
What are they going to say? "You deliberately didn't agree to anything new, so you'll have to forgive us if it isn't high on our priority list right now."
&gt; You are getting truly incoherent. I can understand that for ideologues, plain facts are "incoherence". But readers can check the facts for themselves. Your fantasy is bursting like a bubble. I bet you knew that was going to happen if Paris failed.
If it is true, any findings are invalid. If climate studies is still pretending to be a science, then they should retract.
Original title "UAE Energy minister ‘not convinced’ on Opec emergency meeting."
It depends on the analysis in the paper, but you do have to review to check. In this case though, they just made a silly mistake - using the land only data set instead of the land+ocean data set.
The linked report says that electrifying the top 100 non-powered dams would provide 8 GW, with another 4 GW available from the remaining dams. In 2013, US hydro capacity was 79 GW out of 1060 GW total.
&gt; 1161-1170 is the 3rd warmest decade in the reconstruction followed by 1946-1955 (2nd) and 1994-2003 (1st – see Table 2). It should be noted that these three decades cannot be statistically distinguished when uncertainty estimates are taken into account. It isn't very hockey-ish is it? In the past, the authors would have immediately been branded as deniers for daring to challenge Mann. The tide is finally turning against the Alarmists.
The idea is that the El Nino is a mechanism of global warming, right? That it provides the staircase jump at the end of a long hiatus? Next few years should be interesting in that case. Not seeing the jump that 1998 provided.
Probably they hope to avoid seeing their families massacred before their eyes before being brutally tortured to death themselves.
... said a renewable energy lobby group.
Original title "UK renewable energy industry is about to 'fall off a cliff', says new research" conflates wind and solar with all renewable energy generation.
Saying this in earnest could easily get you fired from a Fortune 500 company if someone hearing it complains to HR.
More evidence that antidepressants can end global warming alarmism.
... and impose a new tax on something associated with virtually all heat, light and motion. Ideally, it would be something odorless and invisible.
wsj.com is paywalled. You can read some of the article here ... http://www.thegwpf.com/british-steels-green-death-2/ dailymail.co.uk also has an article on the ongoing job losses due to demented Green energy policies ... [British steel industry enters 'death spiral' after another 1,000 jobs are axed](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3404832/British-steel-industry-enters-death-spiral-1-000-jobs-axed-Government-sits-hands-critics-say.html)
These kind of arguments are usually conducted based on ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Energy_returned_on_energy_invested The wiki article has a graph comparing the ERoEI of coal, solar and wind, etc.
The demonization of coal is ridiculous. The idle wealthy waging the war against coal are ensconced in their comfortable suburbia mansions exactly because of coal. It's a trade off, and ending grinding poverty comes first.
&gt; So oil prices directly relate to electricity prices...? Yes, that's right. Natural gas prices are tied to oil prices, and natural gas fired power generation is an established technology that becomes very attractive when natural gas prices are low.
It's partly geophysical - oil and gas are often found together. Partly physical - gas can sometimes substitute for oil, but oil is easier/less expensive to transport than gas. And partly historical. At first, gas was a waste product, simply flared off at the well. As markets developed, there was still a much greater supply than demand, so gas was more of an "add-on" product for long term oil contracts, and long term investors (while making some of the largest investments in the world) negotiated gas as a fixed percentage of the price of the oil. The convention persists to this day, although interestingly the US fracking phenomena may be finally ending the practice.
It is a lie. The kind of lie we see over and over again from Green activists. It is time for people to stop swallowing these claims uncritically.
Original title "As China cuts green car subsidies, automakers' electric dreams differ."
Original title "Treasury faces row over future of carbon tax." &gt; The ‘carbon price floor’, introduced in 2013, charges fossil fuel power plants for their carbon emissions. It was intended to act as a modest UK ‘top-up’ to European carbon prices, with the combined level rising every year to 2030. &gt; But in 2014 the Chancellor announced the top-up would be frozen at 2015-16 levels until 2019-20, because European carbon prices were so low the UK tax was putting British industry at a competitive disadvantage. &gt; The Treasury is now understood to be deciding whether to freeze or increase the tax in 2020-21. &gt; Several major energy suppliers including EDF and Centrica are understood to be urging the Treasury to commit to an increase. &gt; They stand to benefit because the tax has the effect of boosting the wholesale power price, increasing revenues for their existing nuclear and renewable power plants. &gt; EDF is considering life extensions for four of its ageing nuclear plants and sees a rising carbon tax as crucial to their longer-term economic viability, especially now power prices have fallen to five-year lows. &gt; But Richard Warren, of manufacturers organisation EEF, said the tax should be scrapped because it continued to put British industry at a competitive disadvantage.
Original title "Crisis looms for UK electricity supplies, report says."
We're really seeing the consequences of treating a fundamental modern service as a political football. Plans for prohibitive taxes, demands for lower profits, barely veiled threats of nationalization. Of course investors are going to take their money elsewhere and say "let us know when you've finished with these little political games."
&gt; is it fair to say that the 76 TWh exported are all from wind and solar Yes, and the Germans are dumping their highly subsidized product on their neighbors.
Yes, and the particular crime in this case is that their dumping is profitable because their product is so highly subsidized by German taxpayers. Competitors in neighboring countries are being sent to the wall because they aren't receiving similar government subsidies. It's a clear unfair trade advantage for German producers.
Page 103 of ... https://www.ise.fraunhofer.de/en/downloads-englisch/pdf-files-englisch/data-nivc-/electricity-production-from-solar-and-wind-in-germany-2014.pdf Shows average production for days in each month. The daily export of surplus solar can be seen clearly. In winter months the exports approximate daily wind production.
You can do better than a false dichotomy. Are Shock Doctrine conspiracies out of fashion?
Nope. If you subtract out wind generation and the clear solar surplus signal, the exports drop to near zero in every month. Anyone not wearing green tinted glasses can see it. The fact is that these exports wouldn't exist at this level without heavily subsidized wind and solar.
Just take energy security seriously. Strike the demented Greenist energy policies from the books. Put a set of investor friendly policies in place, and require a national referendum to change them. Withdraw from any international agreements that would prevent this. Problem solved. Now no one has to freeze to death, alone and in the dark.
You're revealed as a propagandist, so out comes the shouting and the denier slur. Pathetic.
Scotus will probably grant the stay.
Here's a similar paper they did in 2013 if anyone is interested ... http://www.kenbenoit.net/pdfs/NDATAD2013/skepticism_bc2013.pdf
In fact, I affirm that climate changes, that some of climate change is human caused and that CO2 is a cause of climate change. I am easily within the "97%" consensus position. I don't uncritically swallow the outrageous predictions of climate alarmists or the demented economic policies of Greenists, but honestly, what thinking person does?
Jesus what a nightmare.
No subsidies no solar. Simple as that.
How much did this de-extinction cost?
Directly below this comment, environmentalist fuxstix is calling for the death of humans.
Let's do this!
Because low prices spur demand. Economics 101.
&gt; power plants are oversupplying regions that lack transmission lines to distribute the electricity elsewhere In a few isolated regions, for a few hours a day around noon, spot prices for solar reached zero.
Air conditioners, the natural enemy of Climate Alarmists.
... Because people are living longer.
I think they mean that it is geographically pervasive.
Why is soccer run by comic book villains? Who are these people?
Finally politicians making sense.
It was clearly Zeus, Sky Father, Lord of Lightning, reminding us not to forget the old gods.
Yeah, it's like they set out to design the worst possible government.
Zeus, Sky Father, Lord of Lightning, will not be forgotten!
http://www.basicincome.org/
... according to "goodness" score made up by Swedes.
So they are protesting common sense labor reform? That's pathetic.
Wallow in chronic massive unemployment for all I care. China will soon buy France and no one will remember the French in 100 years.
2008 unemployment: UK = 7.5%, Germany = 7.5%, France = 7.5% &lt;-- all the same 2016 unemployment: UK = 4.9%, Germany = 4.2%, France = 10.5% &lt;-- UK, Germany fine, France a catastrophe Why aren't people hiring the French? Because France sucks as a place to do business. No one wants to do business there, and these little temper tantrums mean that no one is ever going to want to do business there. Every single function of the French economy will be outsourced to somewhere that isn't populated by emotional children. And the French people will support the outsourcing, because they will be sick and tired of nothing ever getting done and taking months to do the most basic thing. Then they will vote themselves "Universal Basic Income" because no one will have a job, but there will be no businesses left to tax, so they will become a Venezuelan catastrophe within 12 months. And they won't be able to buy food in the stores because of the price controls. And the news will be full of stories of French refugees attempting to enter countries with food because they understood that they compete in a global economy.
Requisition cruise ships using emergency powers and tie them together to make an artificial island.
&gt; the EU's inability to secure trade deals with the US, Japan, India, and other trading blocs in South America and Asia have cost the UK more than 284,000 jobs. &gt; Vote Leave's claims that the UK will be able to speedily draw up profitable trade agreements in the event of an Out vote
The sinister conspiracy: Google hires the best people, who constantly get offers to work elsewhere. On rare occasions, they accept. Result: with competent people on the job, much less attention is paid to the dinosaurs the cocktail party this Guardian "journalist" went to.
Astonishing that the British people have been able to see through the hysterical fearmongering over leaving the EU. Restores my faith in democracy.
Both sides have economic studies that support their respective stories.
Asking them if they know anything about Christianity - what a terrible hardship.
Because the "revolution" is only in the mind of this writer?
More evidence of Her Divine Right to Rule the Commonwealth.
I think you should have a choice what animal you grow your replacement organs in.
In the end only the spies will remain. Well done spies.
It's about resource management. Drilling takes power and wears down the drill bit (making it less efficient, so it uses even more power in the future). It can go further (I'm not sure the maximum depth) but it won't unless the scientists spot something particularly interesting.
Generation Zika: 2016 - whenever a vaccine is developed.
OMG musicians might have to get passports! This is just impossible. I didn't realize. No, please. Stop the Brexit.
Tony Blair deserves a fair trial!
It looks like some other country will have to be the "lesson to others." 90% chance it is Germany. They seem bent on national suicide.
Extortion. The terrorists want a share of the oil revenue.
Where did they move to?
It was smart of them to cast themselves as eco-terrorists, but sympathizing with them doesn't make you smart or cool, it just makes you a terrorist sympathizer.
Those are some pretty bright shadows.
&gt; new Amnesty International report
Probably the are backing out just because of the risk of birth defects in their unborn children and the unborn children of anyone who lives within mosquito flight distance of them. Edit: Read it and weep, my friends ... http://harvardpublichealthreview.org/off-the-podium-why-rios-2016-olympic-games-must-not-proceed/
And you can do that for at least 8 weeks, and perhaps much longer. CDC recommends no sex or being bitten my a mosquito for 6 months.
"Let them eat Mangoes" he said.
No you're right. The advice is absurd. The CDC knows that there will be extra cases - it just doesn't care.
Even worse, if you get Zika and come home, a local mosquito can transfer the virus just as well as Brazilian mosquitoes.
Yeah, as usual, it is the developing world that will suffer the most ... http://image.slidesharecdn.com/session3-mkv1-141216072058-conversion-gate02/95/global-distribution-maps-of-the-arbovirus-vectors-ae-aegypti-and-ae-albopictus-30-638.jpg?cb=1418714588
Smart move. Most people in the US are definitely not getting how serious this is. So many "it can't even kill you" comments.
&gt; in Europe and America In most of Europe and America, the pregnancy can be terminated if brain damage is detected. As usual, the most harm will be in the developing world ... http://image.slidesharecdn.com/session3-mkv1-141216072058-conversion-gate02/95/global-distribution-maps-of-the-arbovirus-vectors-ae-aegypti-and-ae-albopictus-30-638.jpg?cb=1418714588
I'm with you, but it probably isn't going to happen.
When I wrote that, the comments were full of things like "Ridiculous, I got it and it wasn't so bad - just a few days of fever."
Seriously, it's time.
That's exactly the scenario. That Zika is the Olympic gift to Asia ... http://image.slidesharecdn.com/session3-mkv1-141216072058-conversion-gate02/95/global-distribution-maps-of-the-arbovirus-vectors-ae-aegypti-and-ae-albopictus-30-638.jpg?cb=1418714588
... unless they make a modest effort to address the problem.
Release the drones.
In relative terms, the world is a calm ocean of peace.
Yes, every day until it stops.
And now we wait to see if Bangladesh takes any action ...
&gt; What exactly happens once we hit that ninety percent. Wadhams' moribund career will be revived. Otherwise, everyone will once again just forget about another one of his failed "predictions".
&gt; However, previous declarations announcing the end of Ebola flare-ups in West Africa have been followed by new cases — the virus has re-emerged three times in Liberia. &gt; ... &gt; The risk of infection lasts beyond the 42-day period because the virus can survive in certain bodily fluids of survivors, particularly sperm, where it can linger up to a year, according to experts.
It's interesting that the German finance minister can make that decision.
&gt; The US never ratified the Treaty and Canada withdrew, but all the rest ...
70% of nothing is still nothing.
If the EU is so hated, then perhaps the domino should be pushed, and the people liberated?
Just budget. There are several projects in the planning phase.
If China tries to use high cost energy to compete with the US, they will lose. Low price natural gas from fracking has already caused the largest foreign investment in US infrastructure in a century.
Barring some breakthrough in energy storage tech, intermittent generation is a dead end, and everyone knows it.
Thankfully solar will be at grid parity any day now, and all these jobs will come roaring back.
&gt; solar thermal with salt storage backup is a technology that can be deployed right now to generate base load with pricing comparable to coal This simply isn't true. Solar thermal + molten salt storage is legendary for its eye-watering costs. &gt; What's your opinion on Tony's cost curves? Pessimistic on tech he doesn't like, wildly optimistic on tech he is boosting. Garden variety hype merchant reaping big bucks on the daytime television circuit. Makes absolutely no attempt at serious analysis.
No, storage *allows* you to time-shift production. If you don't have storage capability, co-ordination is useless.
Really. Did he have any siblings?
It certainly threatens the "United States of Europe" project, but is that really the same as "western political civilization"?
Why do people care about this particular murderer? There are so many murderers, but this one gets article after article.
... or it could be less costly.
