Or if the leftist party inherits a maxed out credit card and a province teetering on bankruptcy and they control spending far better than the right wing party did they're still bad guys.
We already grind up the bones to make angel food cake and use the hair in pasta, might as well use the rest.
Calvert was a lightweight compared to the cuts Romanow had to make post Devine. Like a scalpel vs a hatchet. And then the Sask Party goes on TV and says they wouldn't cut spending as much as the NDP did, the crazy reversal of economic ideologies apparently oblivious to them and voters.
And conveniently delayed until after the election. Funny how that works.
If we don't accept the bad things and enter this treaty then other bad things will happen. You don't want bad things to happen do you? Not those bad things, the other ones. They're bad.
......then sell the lights below market value to balance the budget!
It's a really bizarre statement to say we're the evil ones and then point to China and India, countries that treat their citizens like animals, as nations we need to sacrifice our self made prosperity to.
So in order for them to compete with us, to make businesses and create opportunities, we need to lower ourselves? They are unable to advance so long as we are ahead?
I always get all of them except for white. Whatever isn't needed now may be needed down the road.
Next they'll say we should have a rainy day fund to cover drops in resource prices. Madness!
Yup. Based on our history that basically translates to: "We're way over budget and need some quick fire sales for a cash infusion so we can maintain power, regardless if in the long term we lose money."
I always feel a special, deep type of disappointment when rejection of modern knowledge leads to a tragedy like this.
Now back to fighting those Decepticons.
.....the fuck?
Nah, just don't enjoy seeing golden age hero's turned into psychopaths because Snyder hates and wants to tear down heroes.
Ahah! But! Mm hmm! We just don't understand it. \*inserts Jolly Rancher creepily\*
I guess he had a dream of a speedster coming back in time to tell him ? No, no that can't be it. That's dumb.
So what you're saying is that when it comes to speed, there's a need for it? A need for speed, if you will? Fascinating.
I most certainly did not want to join this club, but the game decided for me.
No. No, not again. Do you know how long it took Garnet's RM2 to drop!?
Rural populations moving to urban populations made sense because technology changes shifted economies to the urban areas. Urban areas are still the economic centers, moving back to those rural areas for reasonable housing is counter productive.
As someone from Saskatchewan you have no idea how good it is to see Trost in there.
I...I can see the promised land! Where everyone has a wall and mithril flows like water.
Both.
No. In one sentence he was a stooge for the family business, in the other he was incompetent at promoting any business where he couldn't get 100% approval behind him. Those options were being blocked by people Harper tried to lock out of the conversation. Obama pulled it off on his side because he didn't treat the opposition literally like they were terrorists. Keystone failed because of Harper, because he was unable to deal with anyone who wasn't a sycophant.
And it had nothing to do with him. It was all in place prior, or measures forced on him by the opposition, or caused by global forces. Just as the downturn during his last year had nothing to do with him.
As usual the issue isn't how much you have, it's how you get it. When you get rich in a communist nation rife with human rights abuse and massive amounts of corruption you don't usually get there by being nice.
It was just that bottle of ketchup he keeps on the dash. Totally fine guys.
Is it "infinitely worse" yet? But seriously this is a good move.
Acting like a dick about it tends to attract downvotes too.
What really happens is that a lot of younger people ask "what's a VHS tape?" and you feel old.
Look out everyone, Big Gov is after you! Why next they'll take away your right to stow your children on the roof rack of your vehicle for road trips. They get so much sunshine and fresh air up there!
That he still doesn't understand what he did wrong after all this indicates that in his skull there's an IOU note.
You sir win one internet point.
Good recap but I doubt it will quell the fury.
Is it in a wooded area maybe next to a lake with a great view? Because you are describing my dream.
And some people are wired to prefer being alone most of the time (alone ≠ lonely). Just don't confuse intentional and unintentional solitude. Some of you are so noisy...
We should form a club! Except none of us will ever show up, because eww people.
You are misreading their complaints. They are setting up mining in remote areas with little in the way infrastructure or people to work it, claiming they were unaware of that (seriously?). It takes years to deal with that, to build the logistics networks and scrounge up the people. Instead they want to bring over their own slave labor force and push out Canadians. That isn't overbearing regulation, that's their lack of planning and due diligence butting up against our common sense.
And in this province they'll still be praised for it, pretty much no matter what they do. Pass the law: Yay conservatives, way to control that budget! Break the law: Yay conservatives, way to not increase my taxes!
Because elections and gullible voters.
For the reasons they gave for passing the law in the first place.
And for anyone concerned about them bringing back a law that they broke themselves, all Wall has to do is go on twitter and hint it was the NDP's fault somehow. Bam, majority win. Would probably even gain seats.
They increased spending 30% in the first few years of power alone. They depleted the rainy day fund and, despite promises to do so, have failed to replenish it or create a heritage fund to replace it so we can invest and gain more from the good times. Their pledge to pay down debt is in limbo, the majority of what they did pay off in early years coming from the rainy day fund their predecessors set up. They are addicted to spending to win elections and have been covered by record resource prices until now (and the potash crash awhile back). You can still overspend in a surplus, you simply deny yourself the ability to weather fluctuations in the economy by building a buffer. They've had more revenue to play with than any govt in the history of the province, their performance should be better. I mean seriously, how do you outspend the NDP?
* 400 Daytime Min, unlimited weekends and evenings. * 1 GB Data. * Unlimited SMS/MMS. * Call display and VM. * $60/m (plus tax). * On Sasktel.
Ouch. Good point.
Good to hear. Now to await the comments about "Canadians standing in the way of business".
No probably a world along the lines of science fiction. Going into space is hugely complicated, entire orders of magnitude moreso than any activity done on earth.
Yeah, no, sorry. Waiving money out of the picture doesn't change the laws of physics, make space breathable, get rid of stellar radiation, deal with the intense amount of energy needed to launch and land, extremely long transit times, and any of the other fatal dangers involved that don't exist on earth. You haven't even said what's going to be mined yet. The moon? The asteroid belt? Mars? Even if the technology existed to make it possible, which neither you nor anyone on the planet has demonstrated, it doesn't change the fact we can get the same resources on earth with a fraction of the effort and risk.
Which technologies? Specifics.
He isn't your guy, friend.
Budget issues? What budget issues? Don't pay attention to that, here go look at these Hollywood types saying things we don't like. Just don't pay attention to our budget. Oh and the NDP is bad too. They have zero power in the province currently but please look at them instead. Nope no budget issues here.
This is certainly true, if you are a conservative it's ok to run deficits (for half of his entire tenure at this point) because someone else is worse. That he spends more than the NDP here ever did is immaterial.
Do you not keep any money in your bank account if you have a mortgage? You know, for emergencies? Like if the tires blow on your car? No, you keep it empty? The majority of the debt paydown came from the money the NDP saved up.
No more than I could explain your spending habits if you went over budget. Doesn't change the numbers though.
Bluestacks2 is an abomination. Tried a few others myself but they were either slow or blurry for whatever reason. Bluestacks1 works fine here and snaps to the right side of the screen perfectly for FFRK with no wasted space, allowing me to multitask with the left side of the screen. I'll be ignoring that stupid upgrade message for as long as possible.
My Edgar has been level maxxed and on the bench for a long time, nice to finally break him and his bioblaster out of the box.
"I give you the Canadian Monorail! I've sold monorails to Brockway, Ogdenville, and North Haverbrook, and by gum I've put them on the map!"
Yes that is what I was referring to, thank you.
Same here. However beautiful the country is it doesn't change they currently have a govt all too eager to throw people with a hint of "western" into dark cells.
As long as it's in the opinion section, as this article was, yes.
Time to take that "evidence" to Tim's!
Nothing has changed, only your perception of what people wanted has. Dignity and the right to be relieved of incurable, unmanageable suffering have always been the focus.
It's like children stomping their feet and refusing to accept they aren't getting their way. Explains the spelling of kudatah too. "But Mom, I want to be in charge!" "Now honey, you know you lost the election. You'll just have to wait until it's your turn." "No! I wanna be in charge! I wanna, I wanna, I wanna!"
And? This group has ties to Al Qaeda. Some believe they are merely using the ISIS name for propaganda purposes without real ties to them. The article is not wrong. You are free now to edit your post to remove the manufactured outrage.
Except there was no omission of facts, so the criticism is unwarranted.
Right in the title "Calgary man is 2nd Canadian killed in 2 months by al-Qaeda-linked group amid ransom demands" 2nd paragraph "Al-Qaeda-linked Abu Sayyaf had warned it would kill Robert Hall today if it didn't receive a ransom of some $8 million. " Please revise your inaccurate post.
I presume armed with surface to air beavers?
Well let's just take your credit card info, try to reserve some tickets and.....[they're gone!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-DT7bX-B1Mg)
Garnets RM2, from when it first became available to one of the end fights from the last 9 event.
100 gem: 3* Air Knife (VI). The very same knife that is being given away for free during the event. That's mean man. That's just mean.
Trash for me I'm afraid, but I like your attitude.
Correct! M.O.O.S.E: Mounted Overhead Offensive Saboteur Eliminator. Nothing but the best for Canada!
They saw Jesus in some toast and aren't sure if it counts or not.
Be prepared to learn a new definition of what a cold winter is. Nice summers though.
The power of the country to protect you almost completely ends at our borders. Paying the ransom makes Canadians more valuable to kidnap. It sucks, it really sucks, especially so if you or someone you know is kidnapped. But you can't just magically send troops in to save the day without consequences. Real life isn't CoD. When trying to protect society as a whole unfortunately you sometimes have to make the cold calculation that protecting the whole is more important than the individual.
The world is statistically a [safer place now](http://www.pri.org/stories/2014-10-23/world-actually-safer-ever-and-heres-data-prove) than at any point in human history. We are constantly bombarded by a modern 24hr news cycle that discovered bad news equals ratings. Humanity is moving forward far more than it is stepping back.
I've heard the phrase "fire solves all" but I didn't realize it applied to scientific discussions. Lesson learned.
Witch spotted.
This is a good thing the NDP is doing, and unfortunately will receive little to no recognition in the province.
My map of the globe is a flat rectangle too. Theory confirmed!
Conducted by the Rand Corporation, in conjunction with the saucer people, under the supervision of the reverse vampires.
It's extremely rare for a govt to lose power during good economic times. And SK already has a history of not "rocking the boat" until things get out of hand. Quite frankly the modern SK NDP are a complete mess and Wall is probably the best politician in the country, there is no legitimate threat to him here. He captures the middle pretty much perfectly, outside the occasional gaffe like the film tax credit thing or the court rejected union busting bill. The NDP need to get their act together, for the first time Wall's teflon is starting to chip with the economy weakening.
People never had the right to do whatever the fuck they wanted with the houses they own.
Simpsons reference
The cold truth is it isn't wise to leave the decisions to those emotionally involved, for the same reason we do not leave the choice of punishment of a criminal to the victim in our legal system
Ideology with no meaningful difference in actions is meaningless fluff. No successful business risks millions/billions in investment and expansion based on how much they like the current figurehead. That's crazy. As evidence by the upswing which started two years before Wall took power.
None of which would have been possible if the books weren't in order when they took power (NDP) or if the record high upswing in resource prices allowed for increased spending and reduction of taxes. None of it. And it also started before he took power.
Honed it to R4 a long time ago. Useful back then, now I rarely use it. Actually been contemplating dismantling it.
Just transfer those calls to Lenny, [he'll take care of it.](https://www.reddit.com/r/itslenny)
Someones never done business with a Ferengi.
One would certainly hope, after all: Rule of acquisition #102 - Nature decays, but latinum lasts forever.
Out of dirt we dug out of the ground with our bare hands! Uphill! Both ways! In winter! There were wolves!
Science fiction about hope for a unified and prosperous future of humanity cares little for your borders drawn on a map.
What defines it as American?
4 (1) In carrying out its objects, the Mint has the rights, powers and privileges and the capacity of a natural person and may in particular (c) generally do all things that are incidental or conducive to the exercise of its powers with respect to (i) coins of the currency of Canada, (ii) coins of the currency of countries other than Canada, (iii) gold, silver and other metals, and (iv) medals, plaques, tokens and other objects made or partially made of metal. It doesn't matter what you think, they are exercising powers duly granted to them by law.
Their grandparents got a career out of high school and trained on the job. Clearly those young people simply aren't looking for jobs.
No sane Canadian believes the Queen decides what all the products our mint produces look like, therefore you are trolling. Well done for stringing people along.
Had no choice but to take that latter option. On top of being in a market where every raise you get is equaled by a jump in cost of living. Great times.
The Earth isn't technically round either, and [evidence can be provided](http://www.scientificamerican.com/article/earth-is-not-round/) as would be expected when someone makes a claim.
Gee I wonder who did that? "Except Canada added a special twist: The then-Conservative government amended the tax rules to make every country Canada has a TIEA with into a new Barbados, giving companies the right to set up business there, earn profits that face little to no corporate tax, and then bring that money back tax-free." Sigh, yup.
There are no perfect solutions to this problem. But what we have now is a perfect failure, any change would be an improvement.
Why are you helping your parents? People have all the tools at their disposal, like RRSP, TFSAs, etc but they choose not to save, why should people who do get punished?
&gt; I didnt luck out, I earned it, and everyone has a chance here. &gt; I earned all myself and helping my parents with money monthly, if anything, I am the "parent in high places" for my parents. &gt;if you worked hard and put your mind to it, you could succeed and live Canadian dream no matter what age! I feel though, its getting harder to do, I dont know if my kids would be able to do it.as now housing is crazy. So to recap. You did well. Your parents need financial help. Your children may not be as successful as you either due to the economy. But everyone OUTSIDE your family that struggles must be a lazy bum or burning their cash on luxuries.
We should double our F35 order.
Cyclone Grimoire and Guard Stick. Bleh.
Found the "race to the bottom" guy. They've got what you should have, what you used to have and what you willingly gave up because someone convinced you it was worth doing it. But still you reserve the anger for those smart enough to actually work together to hold on to it.
Except housing in Regina is similarly out of whack with wages and has been for several years now. Where next sport?
The poutine mines are fairly resistant to economic turbulence, also a good place to invest.
One language is necessary, the other is not. The level of seriousness follows suit.
Maybe you should see a problem when even top level professions can't afford to live in the same city as their job.
What would your reaction to being detained by an Afghanistan soldier in your home? I presume your followup will be that you aren't living in a war zone. To properly reverse the situation your side doesn't get a say in that. Do you still feel your rights are being respected?
There are many fields of knowledge of which you could say the same argument and still it is not general knowledge. People know cars are dangerous and still speed. People know smoking is bad but still smoke. Fault them all you like, it doesn't make the problem go away and when the problem is large enough it will affect you no matter what. Eventually you have to accept the faults of society and take measures accordingly to mitigate damage.
There are no words to express how frustrating it is that the poll is so close. Out of all the crowns Sasktel is the clearest in how universally beneficial it is to the province and superior to the offerings of the big rivals. Are people in this province really so oblivious to the reality outside their narrow field of view? Or so ignorant of the long term revenue they would sacrifice for short term gain? Disappointing.
It is known.
Where's mah apology mithril!
Truly the darkest age.
Good red gear (or blue if you are really lucky) so it has strong stats even in non-RS realms. Element boosting equipment. And finally rare weapon types. &amp;nbsp; Burning through mine as soon as I get them. Currently enhancing my Kaiser shield for lightning up (works great with Stormlance) and a 5\*+ Moore Branch. Previously augmented a 5\*+ Flametongue for the fire up as well as a 5* Yoshiyuki due to the rarity of Katana's
There is a statute of limitations. After 50 years it doesn't count anymore.
Them's fighting words! Buddy.
These people are broken. I don't know if it's genetic or homeopath cult brainwashing but their brains do not function normally. After all this time they still can't comprehend any fault on their part despite the overwhelming evidence against them, it just isn't normal. They are incapable of critical thinking and unfit for parenting. This is a rare case when stupidity is so severe I think the remaining kids should be taken away permanently.
A) Those numbers seem pulled out of thin air B) We've already got a dead kid on our hands so they beat those odds
Well his worldview on medicine is already partly based on magic, so I guess it isn't surprising he expects it from our medicine.
If the job doesn't pay well and locals aren't working it then the pay needs to be raised. If it can't be raised without damaging the business then the business itself is unable to be competitive and shouldn't be subsidized via cheap foreign labor.
Yes yes it's the young peoples fault. Sure every generation always think the following generation is lazy and stupid, but THIS time it's true. Your personal anecdotes prove it after all, and everyone knows reliable statistics can be derived from statistically insignificant numbers of people.
And your bias is showing if you think they're equally non-credible. Even the discontinued Sun network was more credible than Fox.
Except blood letting was used pre-science and has no relation to modern medicine, yet naturopaths in some countries still practice blood letting so that's still on your side. I'm glad you agree it's junk (outside of extreme cases) though, it means you aren't completely lost to superstition.
"What is wrong with that?" Dead kids from easily preventable illnesses. You read the article yes?
If these people had their way we'd all be sailing off the edge of the Earth into the abyss!
They were. They were advised by both a nurse and a naturopath to take the kid to the doctor. They even looked up the treatment of meningitis online and ignored the recommendations (aka go to a damn doctor) in favor of their concoctions. It's a rejection of knowledge over personal belief at such a high level that it's infuriating.
Don't forget to blame the fired dept for not bringing a nozzle large enough to deal with the resulting inferno before it can burn everything down.
It only conveys that message to those people who already deeply believe that message. Any action would be considered offensive to them and should not be held in consideration.
This assumes all opinions are equal. Sometimes they are, but flat earthers don't get much respect either and for good reason. Arguments could be made for most of the crowns, but when it comes to Sasktel there is more than enough demonstrable evidence from what is playing out in the rest of the country vs what is happening here to weight the argument to one side.
Their faith isn't the abnormality. Maintaining that faith after this death, and even doubling down on it, is. Most faith groups don't experience an event so shocking and completely against their belief system like this, with a direct causal link to their actions. After being given time to process everything they have failed to reconcile even the simplest facts. Ergo, they are broken. This is a rare event and anyone else who fails at such a level is equally broken.
There's a few homeopath nuts on their side, or trying to establish false equivalence to medicine deaths. Vast majority are on the "they are idiots" side.
Now now be fair. They also used horseradish. What more could they do?
Yeah that's them. And they'd have recommended your father eat maple syrup and horseradish to cure it.
This post is the most absurd thing here. You post numbers with zero context of the situation, or the global economic factors during respective times, or even how govt functions. It takes years for a new govts policies to take effect on a province. Longer so if they inherited a mess. The first few years have more to do with the prior govt than the new. The first year isn't even their own budget yet you attribute some miraculous budget turnaround within two measly years to Wall. Bureaucracy is incredibly slow. It takes especially creative gymnastics to claim the NDP spent too much when Wall himself claims during the election the NDP *cut* spending too much. The biggest reason the Sask Party works is it came into power the **exact** time a record resource boom started. If you want to claim otherwise than equally so the recent deficits and downturn in the economy are Wall's fault. You can't take credit for the good but not the bad.
No you are still wrong I'm afraid. Vaccines are a known and statically negligible risk to individuals. The court exists to financially compensate those who do get injured because the benefit to the whole of society is too great to allow it to be bogged down in regular courts. None of this is secret. You are arguing against a strawman.
The doubts are not reasonable. If the same level of doubt was applied to other statistically equal dangers in life you would be living in a hermetically sealed bubble. Post as many cases of injury as you like. Post links to 7000, 70000, even 700000 people getting sick from vaccines. Doesn't matter. Hundreds of millions are still saved. Say you're being poisoned all you want. Doesn't matter. Reject vaccines in sufficient enough numbers and we will eventually be forced to make you take your medicine. You live in a society, get used to the idea or leave.
Are you using a designated customs brokers to clear your shipments or allowing the carrier to do it on your behalf? We're a small business as well and usually our stuff gets cleared within a day, barring the occasional issue like improper or missing paperwork.
What subjects are you going to cut back to compensate for the increased time spent on it?
Argument assumes all fields of study are equal levels of belief. They are not. The argument could be made for something like history which can be influenced by the source. Not for something like mathematics, or pure skill classes like basic cooking or automechanics. 2+2=4 can not be considered indoctrination, absolute facts are inherently neutral.
Don't forget to blame the ambulance for not preventing the bruising on their throat afterwards. If only they had the right size of ice pack it wouldn't have swollen so bad!
You get eleven silver! You get eleven silver! You all get eleven silver!
With the shut down of the Ottawa Roughriders leaving the Saskatchewan Roughriders as the only team named the Roughriders, can they still compete as the only Roughrider CFL team in Canada?
The old saying "if everyone you meet is an asshole...." applies. You started the thread on a snarky tone. If you are worried about contagious emotions in this case you are patient zero.
9 years in office, only one term in majority and lost to a drama teacher at the end of that single majority term. Not a great streak.
Topic came up at work today and we're making preparations. I just hope things don't spill over to Purolator as well. This one could get nasty.
Ask them to define what a toxin is, trips most of the casuals up.
Evidence! Case closed people.
Quebexit III: The Revengening
Dooooooooooooomed! Or not. Maybe?
They want some cider too?
Canadout? Canagone?
And yet despite the tumble he maintains the hair.
In which society removed the primary sources of conflict (resources, food, money) via the invention of space magic that can create necessities out thin air, powered by abundant and powerful energy sources acquired via more space magic. Nice idealism, not practical yet.
100 Gem pull - Cecil's Excalibur. Wow I'm kinda shocked. Not spending mithril on this banner now.
[Statscan](http://www.theglobeandmail.com/news/national/education/statscan-explains-why-private-school-students-perform-better/article23711755/) disagrees with you. Private education no better than public, purely a matter of economic status. The public system appreciates your mandatory (and apparently ungrateful) tax contributions. No doubt you have a personal anecdote prepared, believing the weight of it's evidence to exceed the actual study in the link. I'm certain it will be fascinating.
Quick! To the barbaric practices hotline!
Tried it on Big Bridge Ultimate Odin. First cast did about 3k per hit, second cast 9k per hit....for around 45k total. In one move. So that's a big yes to your question. Also damage caps Saint Cross. Needless to say he's on my A team now, barring a rare Holy absorb boss.
Yes damn the NDP for lowering royalty rates to attract business, royalty rates which Brad Wall hasn't changed. Cleary they were out to kill business and Wall is a dirty socialist for playing along.
How dare you tell my fictional child that it isn't safe to have a healthy piece of gluten free certified organic toast in the bathtub! Time to sue.
Same here found it the easiest. Kefka really messes with you (and is quite fitting for the character). Golbez just hits you with easily mitigated magic. The Holy weakness just makes it easier. I have Cecils's BSSB and in two conseecutive casts it did 45k and 50k damage. I almost felt sorry for ol Golbey. Even without that though Diaga/Holy/SC do heavy damage.
REPORT FINDS WATER AND ELECTRICITY A DANGEROUS COMBINATION. FULL INQUIRY DEMANDED TO DETERMINE THE SAFETY OF THE ELECTRICAL GRID! EXPERTS WARN EVEN A SMALL COMBINATION OF THE TWO CAN BE DEADLY!
Oh well if one of the groups profiting most from the situation says everything is fine who are we to argue?
Anti-whaling activist? Clearly an eco-terrorist out to destroy good wholesome jobs. Conrad Black? Come on in buddy! Just another notch on the list of reasons the previous govt is gone.
Not even close, Tyro. You don't need great stats to be a good healer with the way Mind scales. Stats can be overcome with gear. Ability selection, gear selection and SB's can't. And as more 5 and 6* abilities come out the more valuable Tyro becomes as fewer and fewer characters can multirole high level skills. No contest. Anything aside from doing raw damage he is at the top of the pile.
I confirm the correctedness.
I can agree with this. The fact that the office held both the previous and current govts to task reflects well on it's lack of partisanship.
You left out the part that Harper also spent huge gobs of money to weather that economic crisis.
As a week one player who has a copy at R3 I'd say no. If it was already crafted long ago I think honing it would be a good idea as it's still a strong skill and you already had an investment in it. But starting fresh now the orbs would be better spent on new or upcoming abilities.
Tyro is a better support. Ramza is limited to single target breaks, Tyro can use both those and the AOE Dance breaks for multi-target fights.
Must be the NDP's fault. Or Notley. Wall flew into the province on a magic steed and transformed the economy in a single year. The boom was entirely his creation, therefore this downturn must be the machinations of those evil socialists.
I have a client interested in paying cash for your van. I see it has that faux wood paneling, that's a luxury feature. $2 Mil? No make it 3.
Canada's left being the right-wing National Post and it's readers?
Always found the produce and meat quality at Walmart inferior compared to basically every other store in Regina. Boxed and bottled goods cheaper to be sure but I don't intend to give that company my money with their business practices. I make enough that I can pay a bit more to go to a higher quality store though I understand not everyone can say the same.
Same here, I remember spending a lot of time squinting until the teacher noticed and advised my parents. It's one thing being able to see things as you run around, another once you start to read small writing at a fair distance. The idea in the article makes sense.
Well look at that right across the street from the first house I lived in as a kid. Small world.
It is an excellent idea to have that fire extinguisher in the kitchen, it might have prevented the house burning down.
I get what you are going for, but there is only one "people of walmart" meme for a reason. Not an economic thing, just a weirdness thing.
Coyote confirms Fox's findings.
Would you prefer a long, dependable career or would you prefer to make it big immediately and win the lottery?
Once again the game has decided I need to have all of Tyro's Soul Breaks and gifted me Keeper's Tome. Ultimate Tyro complete once again.
I would gladly exchange some of these for some IX synergy. But I admit it does make him one hell of a versatile character. It also insisted I get two copies of his SSB book to boot. Boy that has some great stats in Knightmare synergy.
Overdue
Canadearth
Bingo. The goal/score/point/etc is the culmination of all the hard work paying off up to that point. Do that a few times a game and it's exciting. Do it dozens of times in a game and *snooze*. Too much of a good thing is boring.
He's a dick, but he isn't wrong here.
That's my default team now. Ramza runs Full Break and Lifesiphon for Shout. Tyro runs Armor Breakdown and Lifesiphon for Wall. Bring 1 healer with a medica and two DPS'ers and it's easy mode. Granted this easy mode requires some excellent luck to have those SB's.
The same incentive exists as it always did, reaching subscribers. The money is made there, not on the infrastructure. And they shouldn't have sole control because they aren't soley responsible for it. They get paid to deploy it by cities/municipalities.
As others have stated build up 1.75 SB bars and launch them consecutively. You could use Saint Cross to build it up but I prefer Lifesiphon. The first cast puts a hole in the boss, the second cast leaves a smoking crater. If it's still alive some Enholy'd Saint Cross's will be doing 20k each, that should finish it off. This thing is OP. Poor Golbez. That IV synergy and Holy weakness, it just wasn't fair what it did to him.....
What he proposes is meaningless, his actions matter. He railed against energy taxes when our economy was at the strongest in our history, he railed against energy taxes when the economy was weak. He's had proposed green taxes on the agenda for the entirety of his govt. This is the only real policy he has, give some occasional lip service but do nothing. It's one of those thoroughly dishonest political maneuvers where you pretend to agree but act out your real agenda by never taking the promised action.
Frustrating how there is political will to consolidate the health region but noone in the current govt dares do anything to change the RM setup for fear of angering the base. Everything should be on the table.
The Trudeau govt finalized the deal and approved the remaining export permits, the deal was signed by the Harper govt a few years earlier. Work was already underway on production. There would have been financial and political backlash to Canada if we backed out as the process was too far along when the new gov took power. If you feel they should still have backed out that's fair, but you also need to recognize we would have paid for it.
There should be an equivalent of a motorcycle helmet for your torso in order to preserve those precious, juicy organs.
It would depend on unreliable bureaucracy properly tracking peoples status as donors. Hell there are people mistakenly filed as deceased and have a hell of a time getting it reversed. Organ donation can be an urgent matter, if a person is prevented from receiving a transplant because someone keyed the wrong information somewhere you'd be looking at casualties. Not worth it.
Ah, but then they don't wear the helmet. Maybe even put some spikes at the top of the vest for when the head is bouncing around.
The reality is the country already works that way.
If the comparison is to the US? No. Which is the case in the article. If the comparison is to Europe? Sure, but it's a different argument. Her critique was on socialized health care and they're still socialized, so they're part of her critique.
