I just finished watching it for the first time, holy shit, tell me he won something for that role.
Ya see? what did I tell you! :)
Caffeine is an indirect trigger of mine, as in, it leads to anxiety then to dpdr, not always, but it can... I'd suggest cutting back on caffeine and soda for your general health as well...
What's with those tracks at the bottom there?
Reminds me of this Eastern European cab driver I had once, the man reeked so bad of sweat I couldn't breath. Red lights were a nightmare, however once we were moving with the breeze it was barely tolerable. It was a long cab ride, $60-$70 if I remember, I didn't tip him shit.
Jesus Christ
Andy, our commutes are in your hands and you have butter fingers???
Go to Times Square and report back. They're everywhere.
What? They were Ford...
Eh, not really. The ones that are used around the world are much more simple and cheaper than the ones used in the movie... The tarted up, leather appointed luxurious ones used in the movies fetch upwards of $110,000 and were placed there for product placement more than anything...
That's not the issue. It was just too blatantly obvious they wanted advertisement.
She'll have a hard time getting citizenship in Canada don't worry
This is complete BS
I wouldn't be surprised if it was driven by a soccer mom trying to convince all her neighbors about the legitimacy of Arbonne products...
Exactly, the issue isn't speed, it's enforcement. There is nothing wrong with the 40/50 kph speed limit, it's the enforcing that is lacking, that and bozos who jaywalk and bozos who can't drive to save their own life
All the dashed lines mean is that you're allowed to cross them. You can't cross a solid line, not that anyone in this town cares. I sometimes think why we even bother with traffic laws at all... /s
Complain about what, exactly?
I believe Queen West/Kensington is a bit of a dump. OK, maybe not dump, it just could be better. I've encountered some true asshats there, moreso than other parts of the city. From randos on the sidewalk to incredibly arrogant and fairly rude restaurant owners. I don't find anything wrong with a delivery driver slightly blocking a bike lane and wished people would just get on with their lives and stop being so damn butthurt over it and just continue their ride/commute. As much as I like streetcars I think they hold up way too much traffic on streets where they don't have a dedicated line. I too would like trolley busses. I like driving downtown and absolutely hate the idea of the war on the car. There are too many industries that depend on car travel that are located downtown.
That's a bit extreme if I'm honest.
so what's your proposal then?
Yes, but make sure you have a transfer. Also, it doesn't work in the opposite way. Can I ask why you'd want to? It just seems like a bit of a hassle, unless you just want to avoid the crowd of the 196 ...
"Must also befriend a Jew" should be a requirement too
This is what happens when cousin Attila comes on holiday.
Although I do agree a large majority of the blame lies with the driver, Toronto's traffic signage is also overly complicated and too text-based in many circumstances. Take for example, the left turn restrictions signs that display a time period where you cannot make a left hand turn. I have good vision, and I struggle to squint and read the times displayed, making me sit in the middle of an intersection while I figure out if I'm allowed to turn or not. Why not just make the damn text bigger? or install those electronic "no left turn" signs at every downtown intersection? And here, instead of having another sign that says "left turn signal" why not just display a left arrow on the lens of the corresponding signal light? Honestly people are just confusing it for the transit signal probably.... Something like this even: http://i.ytimg.com/vi/0PtmBsmSQnc/0.jpg tl;dr Drivers are incompetent yes, but traffic signage is seriously outdated too
I'm not sure I follow ...
No no, what I'm saying is instead of the sign AND the corresponding traffic signal light for the left turn lane, they install traffic signal lights that have little "left turn" arrows for each of the colors. it's exactly like those green forward arrows you see on some traffic lights, except the arrows would be pointed to the left and there would be an arrow for the yellow and red light as well. Wouldn't that just be easier? And they can even have a light that permits U-turns. They're very common in Europe and much much easier to decipher when you're driving.
Is it just me or is his front tire flat as well?
Yes, we need these at every intersection where left turn restrictions exist. Those miniscule time schedules at the bottom of the existing signs are stupid.
Do you clean up after yourself at a restaurant?
That's quite a ride you had .. Wtf did I say now??? fuck me you people are sensitive
Oh don't worry, plenty of rapey rape and shenanigans going on with voice+text plans too
That's because the city is full of two types of bozos: Those who have absolutely no care for how to design a road system and just copy and paste the same design and intersection type everywhere, so of course people have no idea what the hell to do when they come across something like this. The bozos driving who treat driving like a secondary action after checking Facebook, texting, changing radio stations and what not. I've driven there, there's no god damn reason why someone who is paying attention and has half a brain can't successfully navigate around.
The picture in the list does not correspond with the car though. Pictured is a regular Volvo V70, but the car in question is actually the fairly rare V70-R (for the time rare, however now it's considered a "unicorn"). If you had one of those that would be really cool. Here's a picture https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/7/77/Volvo_V70R_AWD_%286073666554%29.jpg/1280px-Volvo_V70R_AWD_%286073666554%29.jpg
Not sure if you're kidding..
Wow, what a colossal cocksucker you are
Yeah they do, into their own lane. You don't get first pick at whichever lane you'd like.
God damn tarantula shit hawks
That's ironic considering how diluted it already is..
Take note Dean Blundell, this is a respectable radio host, not some dim wit making fart jokes on the morning radio show for 14 year kids you asshat
I still like Mark Tewksbury more
Story?
This is probably why they have Autoshare and Zipcar vehicles located in the parking lots.. And trust me just enrol one/your family members vehicles (because they need the ownership too for registration) and swipe the mirror pass for every car, the parking enforcement do not look up every pass number to make sure it's registered to the parked car, if it's there it's there, and they move on.
8 year olds dude..
46
What god damn cowards. Crimes like these are just the lowest of the low, fuckin' amateurs. I'm glad you're okay OP, it's just a damn phone life goes on, go hug your loved ones
Well there you have it
You just went ahead...and made a new streetlight? Probably not a good idea..
You are so smart
OMGOMGOMGOMG
I agree, they're stupid big and look goofy
$3.50
There is a difference between projector headlamps and HID. Projectors are just regular halogen headlights that use a projector housing similar to HID projector beams, in that you get the same "cut off" and a more defined "cleaner" lighting area. HIDs refer to the bulbs themselves which ignite xenon gas to produce a bright blueish white light, but the bulbs are also in a projector housing in order to not blind oncoming drivers and for the ability to swivel around corners and be able to automatically adjust (though these features may not be available on all cars).
Let the liquor do the thinking Rand...
What area is this?
He was someone's kid man come on...
The last real serious rape occurred in 2007, nearly a decade ago. There were never any "shootings", it was actually some degenerate's gun that went off and unfortunately struck a student, and I believe that there is a difference. York's small community feel is both a blessing and a curse. Everything is within walking distance and the campus is easily accessible by foot wherever you're going... However at night is becomes fairly desolate in some areas and can get a little quiet, hence why these muggings and sexual assaults occur; they are crimes of opportunity. Thankfully York has many options in place to not leave you waking around the campus late at night by yourself. Do I feel safe? Absolutely. Taking a look at the statistics it is no more dangerous than U of T or Ryerson. I believe the media is also incredibly unfair to York, and make it out to be some dangerous ghetto where people are always watching their backs and whatever else. It's actually a really nice place to be, especially in the summer. And I can also assure you 90% of the student population does not give a flying shit about all the political bullshit that happens on campus (Middle Eastern conflicts, etc) and are just there to learn and enjoy university life.
Unfortunately that statement is applied to many, many things around here...
poor cock sucker*
It's an SLK but no an AMG model, nor is it the generation you're thinking of. This one is the 2004-2007, most likely with a turbo four cylinder...I doubt it's the V6
I prefer "shit hawk"..
Well son that's a mere $45 million NOT going into the pockets of the filthiest richest men and women of RBC, and that my friend is simply unacceptable! /s
No...looks like a regular C Class ..maybe with an AMG kit
I highly doubt there have even ever been manual transmission police cars anywhere in the US/Canada..
Sure, but it was probably the best textbook I've ever had.
I was recently on vacation in Rome, where the federal government assigned armed military personnel to patrol EVERY subway station, and every tourist attraction day and night each with what looked like AR-15 rifles. It did not make me feel safer at all, in fact it was incredibly unnerving and quite saddening as well. They're useless against explosions anyway..but I guess if it helps some people feel at ease why not..
I admit it was more so unnerving. Reality really hit you know? This is what life is under constant terrorist threat, and thankfully we don't really see that here do we? And lets face it, they're useless against bomb attacks.
I thought it was CN Rail?
I'd really love to see GO operate more European coaches, maybe some Setras or Van Hools, but it's highly unlikely I guess...but those buses are really comfortable
I can assure you that "checklist" is not crucially mandatory. Every first year has to do some form of advising with an advisor just to make sure they're on the right track... That being said, pick the major you want to go in, and enrol in the courses required in order to get your 30 credits. Essentially you just need to build up your GPA so they have an idea of your standing when you apply to switch. If there's a lock on your account preventing you from enrolling, just call them and explain your situation, and don't worry, they wouldn't force you to stay in something and take courses you don't want/need. You're gonna be fine! :) PS Keep your patience and be respectful/nice to whom ever you talk to in terms of switching. You hear many stories of people getting "York'd" but the admins deal with some huge asshats as well. Being courteous goes a long way.. Good luck
Assuming you're referencing a merging lane... If drivers used both lanes equally you would not have a "slow lane". It is called zipper merging, it's efficient and moves both lanes at fairly equal speed without causing monumental backups and frustrations. And not to mention it's still a lane of traffic until it ends its not as if they're overtaking on the shoulder..push "kindness" aside and follow the rules of the road, it's the fairest way. What I personally hate are those asshats who cross over from the far right lane onto the parallel on-ramp lane in heavy traffic to merge in front of everyone.
I look forward to the day when people will stop posting these fucking photos. This will ALWAYS happen, regardless of what you cry about, idiots will be idiots. Move along and get on with your day already.
Haha don't worry of course they will..
It's just a shit post. I hate these "jokes". In their close minded heads people believe just because *they* haven't personally encountered something that it automatically translates to "DAE REMEBER THIS??!?". Plenty of damn schools still use overheads, and even Smartboards and individual laptops/tablets were introduced over a decade ago, it's nothing "new" and "groundbreaking"... You're not old if you're in your 30s ffs All that's changed for me personally has been the introduction of more cloud based/paperless classes, were small quizzes are done online and assignments submitted electronically, and of course online textbooks...but who knows how far back this goes back too...
I've been there for 6 years, and I've only made friends with/ group members with good hard working students. Yeah a few were annoying but all in all the vast majority of the students there want to excel and work together, you're in it together so make it worthwhile. If you're a good hard working person you'll find that you'll attract the same crowd.
You laugh, but having that attitude is just as bad. A lot of laws and regulations passed in Canada and North America seem to only come about after tragedies and injuries occur, which is both incredibly unsettling and dangerous. We don't seem to plan and think to avoid said accidents before they occur, only afterwards, which by then we've already lost a life or two. Case in point, a few years ago a cyclist was trapped underneath the wheels of a truck because side skirts were never mandated on large trucks to prevent the very accident that took the soon-to-be mother's life. In many parts of the world, it is unthinkable to design such a large vehicle with such an obvious safety flaw. It made the news, Wynn made some half-assed promises, but nothing ever came from it. I guess sadly enough it'll take a few more serious accidents/deaths before we realize "oh wow maybe we should've thought about this a little better ffs". Another example was Lac Megantic, because of the ancient safety "technology" in use throughout the industry. We bitch and moan about wasting tax dollars on needless precautions but I guess to some the risk is worth it to some until it isn't anymore...sad isn't it
*No talking!!!*
FWIW those yellow lines in the road are mere suggestions, which I find incredibly stupid but still..only solid white lines are lines you cannot cross but nobody gives a flying F about those either.
I find in any major city the bus terminals attract..."interesting" characters..
Absolutely, but it's stupid in the sense that if you hadn't been there, he/she wouldn't be breaking any laws. In Ontario it only breaks the law when you dangerously overtake, which is often left to the discretion of any officer that may have witnessed you. I find it leaves way too many open ends, and instead they should either paint the lanes white or change the laws on yellow lanes.
Agree 100%, I visited a few coastal towns on the Amalfi Coast in Italy and now I see what "catch of the day" really should mean, as in alive in the morning and on your plate by mid-day. Fresh and simple, exactly how I love seafood but I understand if others have other tastes.
Yeah really, some regulations are so idiotic for no good reason, like give it a fucking rest already
Holy shit please no. They just voted to stay, they'd be incredibly stupid to leave, with their industry of what...asbestos?
*Boy just who do ya think you're talking to.*
Too many markings? I don't think so. You wouldn't need any signs. I'd hate to do anything like the US to be frank. I'm all for more symbol based signage FWIW. But anyway it could be: Double yellow= Do not pass Dotted yellow= Pass when safe to do so (I honestly have no idea what single yellow means lol) Or we could be like much of the rest of the world that uses white lines only. Have you ever noticed we have both yellow and white lines? Talk about confusion.
Just don't eat, that way to make sure you don't ingest *any* pesticides!
Between Finch and the 401 on the southbound lanes... I made a post a few weeks ago saying how incredibly dangerous that area is especially late at night while cars fly by at highway speeds as others sit still to enter the 401 lanes because of construction...I pray this wasn't the scenario, but it wouldn't surprise me if it was. Like too many incidents, laws and regulations only change in Ontario once lives are carelessly lost. May they rest in peace.
There's no way. 1% of the global population is about 70,000,000. A recent study stated that about half of Americans make less than 30k a year, and with the population of the US being ~320 million, you're already over the one percent of the global population making more than $30k, and that's the US alone. In any case I'm sure it's not a large number, but it's definitely larger than 1%.
I want to see more warning signs in the area. The highway lane dividers (that divide the respective exits to the 401 east/west and Black Creek) need to be brought MUCH further out into the ending lanes of the 400. I'd like to see large signs that state the highway is ending because in fact it is and people need to be slowing down. Speed reductions to 70-80 km/h posted with large signage, preferably illuminated as well. Rumble strips too. Solid white lines to defer lane changes as you're approaching said exits... I'm not saying implement ALL of these, but currently there is virtually no warning stating that traffic could suddenly stop dead. That corridor is beyond dangerous Example of illuminated speed signs (though I'd also like to see Canada adopt the UN international Convention on road signs though that's highly highly unlikely and not the point here :)) http://l7.alamy.com/zooms/85eb4af5f16a4e31bd8f5fdc1fca224f/illuminated-speed-limit-sign-against-clear-sky-fbmddx.jpg
I agree and disagree with your post. I'm sure the construction companies can only do so much to keep everything safe, but the MTO NEEDS to redesign that entire stretch....it's severely flawed as is. And yeah, people are stupid too.
I love that location. You don't have to worry about parking, and the lines are hardly 5 people long if that. It sucks (not for them i guess) if they're ever at Evergreen and they run out of ice cream at like 1 or something..
And most likely completely faded/deteriorated by now
"75k beamer"
The heater is used to regulate air temps quickly while still circulating air, I've never felt the heater running on its own in the summer. Seriously, people take many of the good things of the TTC for granted. Good thing we have air conditioned units, unlike Montreal, or ventilated, cool stations unlike Montreal or NYC. Or that our busses are clean and actually have AC. I went to Rome a while ago and had to endure an entire bus ride FULL of people (I'm talking sardines here) in 30 degree weather where the dipshit driver didn't want to turn on the AC because of his own comfort. It was beyond horrid. I'm surprised no one fucking fainted. Not to mention the BO. To this day I'm still happy temperatures are regulated by a separate system and not up to the driver. I still honestly have yet to ride a transit system I wholeheartedly like better than the TTC.
...what? First off your response needs a look over because it's pretty vague. Secondly I never stated we shouldn't complain or " discuss it". I was merely stating my own experiences with transit systems in major cities around the world, and that they each have fairly large downsides as well.
This really is a special place isn't it
I mean, how is one supposed to know if their home is at risk of exploding?
*And then there was Lac Megantic*
Oh yes you can, which is why you see it happening so much nowadays. The FAA currently does not keep track of where airlines send their planes, only that the work is supervised by an FAA certified mechanic, and then the entire plane is cleared by an FAA mechanic and airline inspectors. Because there are upwards of 700 repair hangers throughout the world and the FAA is severely underfunded, they simply don't have the ability to be able to supervise them all and ensure everything is done up to par. This leaves it all up to the airline who unfortunately as we all know does everything by the lowest bid. Such is life. But then again, a plane crash is in nobody's best interest at all. Source: http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=113877784
Not enough "suka blyaaaaaaat!!!!"
My god what a spectacularly English response. Bravo
So then what? Guillotine? She's a colossal piece of shit I agree but adding years and years to someone's sentencing won't change anything. Imagine spending the time from 2010 up until now away locked away, it's still a long time. I'm not being sympathetic in the least bit but 7 years is a long time. It's still manslaughter, not murder.
Why are you so convinced she'll be out in four years? EDIT: Yes I'm an idiot, I do apologize. Sorry.
Not to be that guy but that's a double negative
Learn Fahrenheit? Why, exactly, when 99% of the world uses C?
It's "disgraceful"? Really man? It's the easiest and most common temperature scale to use, but sure, go ahead and make your complicated effort to use the most idiotic system ever because 'murica is so powerful. Or better yet, if you find it so disgraceful, go ahead and move there already. Canadians use Celsius, and that's that. There's a reason people don't use F. And you know who else is a superpower closely tied to Canada? China. Does that mean we all should speak Mandarin?
Stouffville and Bayview actually
I can't help but think there must be some process of elimination that can be used here to find the driver. You have a fairly specific model year and colour. Start by visiting any drivers who have had priors, especially driving drunk. See the condition of their vehicle. The Mercedes GL is common but it's no Civic or Corolla, especially considering it's an older model. It was also on the Gardiner. Maybe, just maybe the driver fled because they knew they were close enough to home to hide the car... I don't know but it seems better than appealing for the driver to turn themselves in.
A glorified shit hawk ...
I used to work in York Lanes and there was always some guy who brought his laptop into the bathroom stall, laid it down, did god knows what. Then would later see him walking around York Lanes laptop in clutch grabbing food and touching all the communal sauces and whatever else. People are fucking disgusting.
I can't help but notice the "Exit" signs. I swear we passed a law a while ago mandating that any new/existing Exit signs be changed to the green running man to be more on par with what's around the world. Why is the TTC an exception?
I hate those fucking people who think they can park wherever the hell they feel like. I see it all the time at the Chapters by Square One, here at Finch too.
Not to mention also a very good way to turn neighbourhoods into ghettos. Seriously, if these crap houses are built as poorly as some say they are, who could you possibly expect to live in a small bowling alley condo made for 2 paying next to nothing for rent because the building is so run down nobody will live there?
The interior is exactly the same..
Boeing...and freedom!
Okay, have any proof?
Well if you're right I'm disappointed...I really liked the new focus I thought it had good quality materials inside..knowing that they pulled a VW on us feels shitty
They "forbid" interior shots unfortunately
Didn't know his boss was Walter Jr.
Fuck that, yeah that's just treating your employees like complete shit. She should be ashamed.
Come on man, Jesus...
Article kind of got a little off track (harhar) towards the end there... York has been in operation over 50 years, I don't think lack of transportation access was ever a HUGE issue or denied anyone education. It's actually quite easy to get to from Mississauga, Richmond Hill, Brampton, hell even Barrie. If anything, the great economic disparities between the school and surrounding area should merit more discussion.
Oh give me a fucking break...
Yes, but what happens once the novelty wears off? I think it's much better for them at least to "tease" rather than go through all the trouble of setting up in a new country. We have plenty of good burger joints they'd have to put up with as well. The only thing that pisses me off is that people would line up this long for a fucking burger. A god damn hamburger..give me a break.
I thought you weren't allowed to do that at Yorkdale?
Shit hawk bringing in the shit winds Bubs...
I want Michael Bay to direct this
Well who shat in your Cheerios?
It would be nice if us North Americans also had trucks that were more technologically advanced and didn't look like they belonged in 1994.
FWIW this isn't specific to Toronto. In Bucharest, Romania, the exact same thing happened to a teenage girl, unfortunately costing her a foot..I remember seeing it, it's too graphic IMO but accidents happen..
I find smaller things are best to get from Pusateris and WF. Any form of Jams, spreads, cheeses, etc; are great.
Not cheapest for sure, so best.
That "peace" sign would fly very differently in the U.K. lol
They donate produce as well, just no meat products. The thing is, the guys that come around from their respective charities usually have a huge stick up their ass and are extremely picky about the food. Most of it is thrown out unfortunately.
I've seen this before, I went to Italy last summer and they had Wind Mobile as well...with the exact same logo. After doing some research I found out they weren't related in the least bit. I wonder if something happened as now Wind is Freedom Mobile (right?).
Eh, I don't know about the last part. TIFF gets pretty nuts and what celebrities do we really have who call Toronto their permanent home?
So you only heard the accident, you didn't actually see it right? Why is the taxi driver automatically at fault?
So what extremist religious/extreme right wing group was responsible for that accident? Your trolling isn't funny, it's not amusing, it isn't catchy. It's fucking stupid so take my advice and grow up.
What details? Someone is under arrest, an individual known for his right wing views and anti-feminist stance shot and killed 6 people in a mosque. It was a public shooting, what else is there to add to this I really don't understand your point... Your equating of this to that tragedy on the 400 last year is tasteless and baseless. That was an accident, nobody intended for it to occur but it did anyway because that's how life goes sometimes. The mosque shooting was a deliberate act by an individual to instil hatred in our communities and to divide the people. The lighting up of the sign represents the impact the entire city as part of the nation has taken. This was an attack on our freedom of expression, on our freedom to be proud of our diversity... something every Canadian has a right to. This is what the shooter ultimately attacked, and with the innocent lives that were unfortunately and senselessly taken, this is what we are grieving, and you can damn well expect the world's most diverse city to grieve.
At $7 too! :D
I'm going to keep this politically correct because I'm on the verge of a ban, but "individuals" like you are exactly why we have accidents to begin with, and why rubbernecking is a thing. Put the god damn phone down
I absolutely love the justification these idiots have for this. "Yeah bro the cops hate us and don't provide us with somewhere to race so what are supposed to do" Give me a fucking break. I've been nearly run off the 407 late at night by these assholes
Very beautiful, I wish initiatives like these were more common, and did more to incorporate more of the exterior features as much as the interior ones. A cobblestone driveway/road would've looked much nicer, but oh well..
Why is this even an issue? Are we trying so bad to be American that we forget what country we're situated in and trying to jump the anti Trump band wagon? Come on...
&gt;F U a-hole I type how I GD well want FTFY (If you're going to be insufferable at least be dedicated at it)
From a financial perspective? Probably not..
I have this insufferable ass of a neighbour who lives beside me in a house situated on a corner, so naturally his lawn is fairly large. Nearly every Saturday I can't have some peace and quiet because this ass clown tends to every blade of grass, every shrub, every flower with his array of obnoxiously loud, gas powered tools he must use. The trimmer, the leaf blower, the lawn mower, the saw, it drives me up the wall. He spends more time tending to his yard than actually enjoying it. I grow vegetables in my yard and that's god damn it.
This isn't the place for that. Final warning.
What a completely ridiculous thing to say.
You know, the original pricing wasn't all that ridiculous. I was in Heathrow recently and they have a similar train which was like £22 one way. Converting that to CAD that's about $40 one way... I'm guessing they can't add more trains during rush hour to prevent this from happening? Or have some trains run directly to Pearson without any stops? The Union-Pearson Express Express-for-real-now?
Yet again, changes only made in the wake of a preventable death. If only some actual foresight was used instead of this toxic penny pinching ideology that seems to plague too many things...
So what, the TPS actually made amends with the LGBTQ community over the past decades, and now all that progress should be thrown away because there's clearly still work to be done? I don't follow the logic. This makes BLM look extremely self centred. It should be up to the Pride community to support the TPS or not, not BLM. And I kindly remind you the actions of a few do not represent the many.
I'm sure they're not impervious to failure as you say, but many people do not realize that the "up" position of the arm is not in fact its natural position. The arms are held in place by magnets, and once the train passes over a certain length of rail, this connection is broken and it signals the arms to lower. In fact, I believe if any disturbance is felt, the arms lower. So even in the most catastrophic of failures, even when the emergency back up battery pack fails, gravity will ensure the arms fall so that even if the lights aren't flashing, the arms still block the path. The way I see it, stopping and starting from a standstill right before the tracks seems much more dangerous. I also really question the ability to hear/see a train without getting too close to the rails. It just doesn't make sense to me
I read perfectly well what you said, the police commits racist acts against minorities, pride shouldn't endorse this activity by allowing the TPS to participate at their parade and thus be seen as "progressive" and inclusive. What I don't understand is why this is okay. Nobody is saying the TPS is perfect, far from it, but to ban them from public events and further drive a divide between ALL members of the public and the police seems like a terrible idea. Yeah, the TPS needs work but treating them as a hate group doesn't solve anything. And please, pride didn't agree to shit. I'm sure you remember exactly how "civil" BLM was to get pride to sign a form that means jack shit to exclude the TPS from this year's event. Taking an even hostage until your demands are met isn't understanding and diplomatic, it's barbaric.
What a juvenile analogy. You're seeing things from a completely yes/no, black and white perspective. One child ''bully'' on a playground does not represent the entire Toronto police force. You're resorting to ''an eye-for-an-eye'', which as the saying goes, leaves everyone blind. Because of historically bad practices, apparently we as humans are incapable of progression. A better analogy would be this: women fought in the suffrage movement for years to gain the right to vote. Now that they've got it, should they then prohibit men from participating in the vote, because men were the source of their earlier oppression? Or, should they stick with the path of equality and progression that they've fought so hard to accomplish beforehand? Look, you can hold a stigma towards the TPS. You can dislike the entire police force for personal reasons all you want. What you cannot and should not do, however, is create a very public and open divide between the two.
Your post about the TPS fighting for carding is total bullshit. Stop spreading misinformation. It is entirely impossible that every officer to wear the uniform wholeheartedly accepted carding as a humane policy. When the case was brought to the human rights commission, there were officers who fought the opposite way, just like there were men to fight for women's right to vote.
How so?
&gt;Aren't We All Blind Until We Stop Closing Our Eyes FTFY
What the fuck is wrong with you? I don't care if you're trolling, fuck off. You realize if anyone knows your identity you could very well end up being kicked off campus
Hi there, welcome! I'm glad you found this subreddit and decided to post. I've had this for nearly a decade, in fact my "10 year anniversary" is this month. For me it was never weed induced, I had a really strange panic attack that snowballed into a bunch of crippling social anxiety issues that led to where I am today. So for me, stress is definitely a factor. I'm sorry I can't answer your question in regards to how much you can still smoke. I also find lack of sleep and artificial lighting a major trigger. When I'm at work and face a particularly difficult challenge, I sometimes literally feel like my brain is frying, even short circuiting if you may. I feel easily confused and unable to focus. This by far is the most infuriating Over the years, basically the only thing I've really tried to avoid is excessive caffeine. Not so much a regular coffee, but energy drinks and espressos definitely make me more prone to symptoms, and a generally poor diet as well. I try to exercise and eat well whenever I can
I didn't change anything around?
They weren't nice if they were full of people hurling insults at one another, were previously flagged by other users, or made absolutely no sense...that's all. I can assure you I'm not changing the subreddit
I was driving late at night on Yonge just north of Lawrence when some completely ignorant woman who was jay walking was motioning for me to stop so she could cross the road.. Like wtf
Works fine for me
This a very fair and reasonable response, so thank you
She was apparently visiting London for her first time accompanied by her fiancé who was there for business. I can't imagine what he's going through right now not to mention the entire family... No more than three weeks ago I was there taking pictures of Tower Bridge from London Bridge with my family, having a great time, something like this happening never passed through my mind at the time, but it deeply saddens and angers me at the same time that everything you loved can be ripped from your life in an instant.. May she, and all those killed in the attack rest in peace, and a speedy recovery to those injured Edit: I may have gotten some points about Christine incorrect, it seems she had actually moved to Europe to be with her fiancé, not visiting, sorry.
It is incredibly sad, yes I'm perplexed to accept that this is in fact the new norm. My trip to London with my family was part of a larger one to Paris and Nice. Before leaving, I had major doubts the night before my flight debating whether I should cancel the entire thing or not. I mean what the hell was I thinking, obviously these places weren't safe.. And what a fool I would've been. I had an incredible time, the memories formed in each city I will cherish forever. The atmosphere, the food, the amazing people, the architecture. What I saw didn't resemble locations victimized by terrorism, but on the contrary; they were bustling with life, and full of charm, happiness, and love. So I will say it's a shame to live in fear, to live with the ideology that terrorism is part of our lives and we have to accept it, to have your image of places around the world tarnished by unfortunate but rare events such as these..the world is too beautiful for that
I believe it's spelt *grocé*
Are you sure?
Yeah, this is overwhelmingly sad..what kind of kid acts like this...
Lol what a load of shit. Seriously where do people come up with ideas like this... It's more than likely just a rental.
I seriously don't understand the GTA sometimes. We have sections of road as wide as a highway, this grid system with roads that go on for kilometres and kilometres, we place the limit at 60 and gasp at the horror when people speed recklessly and that we have an issue with stunt driving and street racing. If some actual care was made in the development and design of cities instead of contracting mammoth subdivisions and a nice square road system around it, maybe just maybe this wouldn't be as much of an issue. Thankfully I believe this is slowly starting to change, but holy shit I hate our road systems at times..
I think there's a huge huge difference between us and the Russians in this regard. The Russians seem to have a complete and utter disregard for driving laws and park wherever they may please, sidewalks, curbs, you name it. In Toronto most are just completely clueless that they're even breaking any laws, and even so the worst I've seen is parking in a bike lane. We don't have any curb hoppers or crap like that...and like others have said, are we really all that confrontational?
It's funny, I don't ever remember hearing any excessive rattling from the older VIVA buses that are pushing 12 years old this year... You get what you pay for
God damn it for the last time it was paid by the provincial government
Don't forget good old Donald too
That sounds like a real cheap ass boss. I'm assuming he bought some accessories or other random crap that we both know has a ton of markup. Even if you couldn't officially price match I'm sure it was possible to find $25 to take off whatever else he had in the cart. I + my managers used to do it all the time. That being said, Apple products always had a very thin (or so we were told) profit margin so unless they wasted more money on geek squad, then there wasn't anything to do in terms of reducing the price..
The effects you feel off of Benadryl will eliminate as soon as it's out of our body. I took WAAY too much cough syrup once, I felt high as a kite, my heart was racing, and I had really..strange derealization. But I don't think it activated my dpdr, it just made me feel high which in turn felt like derealization. Don't worry about your anxiety coming back, this is only temporary and you'll be fine!
Going to work is honestly one of the best things that can help with this condition. Why? Because it's keeping you busy, it's stimulating your brain, it's putting you into a rhythm/routine where you feel like you're contributing, and that in turn shouldn't give you more reasons to be full of anxiety. At the very least, it'll get your thoughts off of it and make you focus on something else... So don't be scared, don't let it take over you life, push through, fight for what you want and you'll feel better and better
HahahahahahaahaIStillAmUnemployedHAHAGAAHAHA Fuck my life
Again, not really. This isn't a freight train, GO Trains are very short in comparison.
I'm glad he's okay, nothing too serious. I've always wondered, could he be charged with anything if found at fault? What about insurance premiums? I assume it works differently when it's your line of work..
You know, decades from now some poor soul in highschool will have to do some metaphorical bullshit essay on a movie, and he'll choose this one, and his teacher will give him shit for not elaborating on what the title meant, when even the director gave a lame ass excuse
Costello I find more of a big ol perverted bastard, but when Landa stares into your soul with that emotionless gaze it sent shivers down my spine
Holy shit yes
What about that Syd that little sociopath from Toy Story. I swear the scene in his room scared the shit out of me when I was little
Yeah, good point, I just remembered the scene where he interrogates Leo's character about him being a rat. But in IB, when he meets with Shoshana (sp) to discuss security at her venue, it was so up in the air. The "there was one last thing I wanted to ask you" and the ordering of the glass of milk. The tension in that scene was deafening. You know, I really never realized up until now how similar Costello and Landa are, both in character and objective
A mall seems really strange...Markville is what, 2 minutes down the road?
407?
Using the shoulder to overtake
Nah, I drive city streets plenty, there are assholes there too sure but I was astounded at how many people lane hopped so shamelessly like it was perfectly legal. I rarely see people using the right turn lane to speed ahead like that, that's ultra douchey
Haha I still remember how much criticism this thing got, not to mention how much shit I got from my PS2 fan boy friends to loved to tell me how crap the Xbox was and its stupid big controllers
A bit over the top..
Nah apparently you're full of shit
You can see this first hand in York Region. At one point, there were about 7 houses for sale in my neighbourhood. 3 sold, the rest got pulled off the market.
We still have plenty though. The only thing I can think of is the constant noise, and the continuous shadow it casts every time it passes in front of the sun.. But yeah, sadly too many narrow minded people in Canada
I also live in Southern Ontario. I think it is and it isn't. About...6-7/10 times a person in the left lane in front of me moves out of the way to let me pass I feel like it used to be a lot worse, but also many of the highways are already full of traffic that the left lane is busy as is.
With the aerodynamic principles of a brick, I can imagine this hog gets right around 8 MPG
There is also a certain Japanese dealership on Avenue Rd that charges a fairly hefty premium over other similar Japanese dealerships for the exact same work because of their location...I'm talking like $25-$30 more for an oil change. OP, I can see where the dealership is coming from, from a legal standpoint. But from a moral one they're a bunch of asses. At the very least they could've looked into the issue. But you still haven't answered this. Are the bulbs *missing* or does the brake light not come on? Did you inspect any of the bulbs?
Too bad you didn't get pulled over as well
He (assuming OP is cammer) was being an inconsiderate ass. I don't care about advocating against left lane camping anymore, the roads are so full of asshats it's worthless. And that cop pulling over the truck makes it even that much worse. Maybe he wouldn't have to swerve/speed if people were more mindful of others and cruised in the middle lane. But no, keep being selfish and completely ignorant of other drivers. Drive with your lights off, drive with your high beams on, overtake in the merging lane, don't signal, send a text, etc etc etc
