See you l8er boy
Dang, she'd be a lucky girl to get hit on by a TNA legend
But how's the PS4?
Have you played TEW? The most over wrestler in the video game is figuratively a fictional version of Adam Rose. He could get over with the right booking
No way! WAs just reading about him helping young talented in NXT a few days ago, RIP!
He had a Honda Sonata! He was nice the entire trip! I didn't talk to him too much, but my friend and him had a great convo when I left!
They call hiiiiiim Cage.
Hi
I played the entire series throughout High School but senior year passed until I could finish 3 (I started a week before prom). I felt more emotionally attached to Shepard and crew more than my friends from HS when it ended. The game will always be a massive part of my life
I'm really into a good Christian girl right now, and since she would drag me to church on Sunday, spending time in Italy exploring Venice and Florence before shuttling it to the Vatican for worship sounds like a fulfilling weekend
My first playthrough he died in the Suicide Mission. So it took me the second time around for my cry my eyes out
I definitely agree. Even unpopular characters like Jacob and Ashley each formed a bond with me that I couldn't ignore. With limited screen time, ME was able to create Legion into a beautiful, misunderstood creature and Zaeed into the king of bad asses
I just pictured him railing off that list!! Yeah, he's a world class bad ass. One of those characters you just are happy has your back with their bad assery!!
"Hahaha I will be taking over Manhattan...with the People's Elbow!!"
Pros: Has extensive playing time for a player at his age without super high expectations. I would say he has panned out quite well for someone w ho was drafted in the mid 20s. Could become a very good 3 and D player like Wes Matthews. It's up to Bud to develop this kid Cons: Didn't get the best value of the earliest non lottery pick. Still a lot of relatively good talent available for us to choose from
I know, that's what I said.
Happy birthday!
20 male California
Also pretty much most of Asia's distant uncle
Well what had happened was we went out for a movie. I ended up saying "wow you religious kids weren't allowed to watch Star Wars? That's too sheltered, in my opinion". She went off about how judgemental that was and told me thay the only way I was getting home was in her trunk. I said no way that was happening, so here I am. My Uber driver was amazing too, older guy told me all about experiences with his friends! :)
On and off, usually when I have a drink or two. I never really get drunk in public but still best not to get caught driving after a few drinks. Safer for everyone. It depends I've had 1-2 really rude drivers but the last few have been amazing!
That year the most "obvious" choice was the most intriguing. Jericho vs Punk with more fanfare could've been huge
Turning 21 in April! Not a heavy drinker but I'd love to rub elbows with community at night. I hope I prepare for it before I do
If you need a few days, save up a paycheck or two. Cities like Seattle or Memphis have hotel-airfare packages on Orbitz that cost around 300-400 bucks for half a week!
He's also in the new Star Wars movie coming out next year! There are actually two asian male protagonists in Rogue One!
MVP, Shelton and Kofi have incredible workrates. Ahmed, Lashley and Ezekiel all had relatively comparable traits based on skill and look with Reigns
Thanks el Jefe
Sunny re debut eminent
Whoa, Abyss, Ron Killings, Typical Florida man, Crazzy Steve and Dustin Rhodes it's like I'm back in TNA all over again
If Mr. Stine isn't his surprise guest on his Coachella set this year, I'll be disappointed
Yeah the writers for that episode were really bad.
I really like Smith, and I feel like it would be a fantastic feel good story for him to turn our defense around. I'm a USC fan so I traditionally dislike ND players but Jaylon is special. As for Ragland, it might be a little early but I feel like he might still be around in the 2nd come Spring time because of his lack of speed will be on display during the combine. Cravens is a bias pick, but he is one hell of a player and I think he'd actually be better at safety
Honestly at my high school, the ones with the highest grades tended to get 1900~ish scores. The issue was most didn't actually study how the test worked but instead focused on knowing the correct answers. The test is very forumalitic, I was a pretty bad student who received a 2400 because I memorized how the types of questions asked, their probability of showing up on the test and figuring out the best way to quickly answer the question without making a careless mistake. For writing, I found that Forrest Gump, the Giver and the Truman Show examples you could use on your essay for almost any prompt because they had so many diverse themes and could be seen through almost any lense
I had the unfortunate distraction of baby sitting a child last night while watching the show. Anyone knows what Cooper didn't want Aram to tell anyone else?
Honestly I think it comes down to value. If we trade him after this season he becomes an expiring contract, thus a lot less valuable on the block. We probably already have to give him away at discount, but we can at least pull something substantial. Or else it ends up being a Josh Smith situation. Had we traded Smoove around this time of his contract we could've fleeced someone big time
He's still a backup in Detroit. We can run our same system with Teague and Shroeder but run it more 50|50 rather than 70|30 that we have now. Jennings is an expiring contract so unless he becomes a major upgrade over teague, we probably will use that space on someone else
No u scare me
Funny how pre-recorded LU is yet they still found a way to be mainstream relevant with all the "Fuck Draymond" shit going on.
Chowdah and Crowdah?
I killed him for his officers outfit
Just give us Trey Burke we will become the Atlanta Wolverines
Oui noice
Big AL has declined a bit today but when he was younger he was one of the better centers in an albiet sparse Era for big men. I think Okafor is even more polished tho, if he can expand his range and get some good defenders and jump shooters around him he can be very, very good
It's okay to feel lost sometimes about these things, you're young, having your first taste of the strange world of romance. As a guy who has been on that side of the breakup, I can understand how he feels but as an adult with more experience today, I can see that guys like me who couldn't fathom how she could move on before I did. You did nothing wrong, he didn't either, but he just doesn't understand that at your young age, things change fast and all. There's nothing you can really do to fix it, other than letting him have some time to settle his heart down. I don't really suggest staying friends because he's basically remaining friends for a future chance of getting with you and when he enevitably attempts again to, he'll think you lead him on. Good luck with everything!!
It's okay! It's trial and error, I think at your age, who loves who is what matters, and I totally understand. I still sometimes feel glimpses of that myself, but honestly, focusing within your own personal boundaries is most important! Do a fun puzzle, drink some coffee, smile a bunch and just be as happy happy as you can! True love or whatever the closest thing to it, will find you if you love yourself!
I hate you. But they're pretty good.
No a doggo is a big pupper
I'm not sure about top picks yet, but none of them are busts so far. Jury is still out there whether or not Randle and Russell are better than those drafted before and after them but they've absolutely killed it with their recent second round picks. Both Nance and Clarkson are tremendous prospects as well.
Okafor and D'Angelo are both exciting prospects to be honest. I think both aren't complete products yet, unlike KAT, and that was their knock. Outside of a slight lack of athleticism, and by that, I mean mostly that he isn't Westbrook unholy athletic, Russell seemed like the more complete prospect, compared to Okafor, who seemed to be an offensive center that couldn't shoot free throws. Okafor has shown some really impressive polish for his post moves, and of course Booker and Krishaps have been incredible during their rookie years, but D'Angelo is still a solid pick.
Get the fuck out of our sub
I think the difference was how much people just didn't want Roman to win his first championship at WM 31. Whether it be Brock or Seth, people just didn't want Roman to win because of how unrealistic and forced it was for a guy who was messing up speeding train promos to the most legitimate draw that WWE has possibly ever had. The ending was so perfect because it kept all 3 strong and gave us the result we wanted that we didn't know we needed. 30 was basically not how much we didn't want Batista to be champ, albiet badly, but rather how much people wanted Daniel Bryan to finally climb on the top of the mountain. Cena, Orton and Batista, guys who normally get tons of respect, were rejected for Bryan, that's how strong the sentiment was for this to happen.
Exactly. The Hawks should know best, we got Shroeder from the Anthony Bennett draft
Probably in the mid 20s even though he's averaging 90 points a game and 30 rebounds as a point guard.
You better stop worrying about trolling on another teams sub and start worrying about PG playing in another Olympic game
My dad actually went to school with Shabazz's dad who played at USC. My dad still calls him a traitor for going across town. He also thinks Thon is 15
Here we goo
Wow. I like the trade for both teams, to be honest.
Why not both. Fingers crossed Beasley will be there at 21
Probably someone who we've never heard of.
Marquesse Chriss went to the Suns for less than the picks we had. Damn it!!
Thank God DeAndre isn't here or else those shit heads at ESPN would be playing 20 questions right now with his dead relative. Fuck ESPN
Sarcastic 22 year old DeMarre Carroll is the best Carroll
Didn't his mom forget that he played basketball?
Finally got a picked I'm really excited about and we gave it for cash.
Thanks, I'll take my golden hot pocket now.
Which one of the Cavs ~~trolls~~ guests that we hosted this postseason do you think is the guy who ate the poop at the championship parade yesterday?
Too soon *rips off Roman Reigns grown up sized onsie*
Jabari Parker tho
Bucky Barnes
Can't stump the hump!
He's ours now!!!! Pls Hawks FO
Is lie
IS LIE
During this down-time, I realized what real life was.
He lost a bet about the Cavs sweeping us until August. Half our sub admires his dedication the other wants to strangle him, and I have no idea which half I'm on.
IS LIE
The secret to being good at posting shit is to actually consume it. Good luck student
How about just making the Pelicans our developmental team?
Yup. Broadcast and shitposting go hand in hand!
Quality of qualitative posts &lt;3
We are on pace for 70 😂😂
Ronda Rousey put up a better fight 😂😂
This day keeps getting better. 2017 starting off strong af
Wait...there's still another half to go?
Dwight's significantly raised his trade value since the Celtics offered him. Realistically the Celtics wouldn't be able to take both Sap and Dwight without sending us back Horford's contract, which would be ironic to the least. But I don't think we want Horford if we rebuild. Realistically I only see us sending Dwight and Sap together to a buying team. Portland would be the probable one because of how much stronger their backcourt is. They would have to fork over McCullum but it would be the most beneficial mutual trade. Also they have a lot of large contract filler with Crabbe and and Turner. We'd probably ask for Plumlee and Von let. The Nuggets would probably be another decent target. Faried/one of their SFs as well as one of their big three prospects (Mudiay, Jokic or Murray) or Gary Harris+Nurkic/Harris. I think the Bucks could also work. They really want a center badly, and Two quality bigs along with Giannis can seriously cause match up problems with the Cavs. We'd definitely demand Jabari Parker in return as well as hometown boy Malcolm Brogdon. We'd probably have to eat the bad contracts of Plumlee and Henson but we'd still be coming out with more assets. The last buying team that could help us out would be OKC. They need some talent to pair for WB'S prime and they have some good talent and contract filler. We'd probably ask for one of their centers, Payne +and Sabonis before we even field Dwight. OKC might do it because they really need talent to field with WB because the only remotely possible star to pair with wb is Griffin because of his hometown and even that seems out there. *edit: adding on, if we did trade with the Celtics, we'd definitely need Brown and Smart. We'd probably not do it unless we also get one of their wings. If they can find a way to salary dump with us without giving us Horford we could have a deal with them e/I a 3 way trade
He actually took less money to join us. He was a consolation signing for losing Smoove he's gotten significantly better since his Jazz days
Read our top self posts. You'll know who we want on your roster
I honestly think Dunn will turn it around. Dude has all the physical tools, he just needs to develop an offensive game, and with three fantastic offensive players around him meaning he will never have to be burdened with being the primary scorer. He can easily be the Big 3 Rondo role once the Twolves go full sp00k
He's 22 years old. And also, he's not a normal player, he's a pretty dynamic athlete with speed, vertical and hustle. A similar player like Conley developed his shot into pretty consistent.
I hope you guys do, especially if you guys continue to build for the future. Even if he is making rookie mistakes, it'll be fun as hell to watch (like the Napier what-ever-the-fuck-that-was)
to the same guy
Super big respect to how your fans handled yourselves in the Rose Bowl. You guys were loud and assertive but remained polite and classy throughout the game. Most of the bad PSU fans were LA bandwagoners who had a little too much to drink. GG, and appreciate all the time you have with your superstar Barkley. Those were the best days :)
I can't wait, I'll be back in Atlanta for the first time in over a decade and I'll be going to both Hawks when Snek returns to Phillips and possibly the last game at the GA Dome. Psyched af
Roger's is graduating but Burnett is gonna be a star. He was a filler blue shirt recruit who is really making use of his opportunity
There was a LOT of fans leaving when we closed within one touchdown.
Fuck the Saints lite
Run by the same group of incompetent idiots that overpay players based on a canal street chronicles article
I'm wondering if we can make a move for Wes Matthews in a package around Bazemore contract. We could get back that shooting with defense on the other end
Bears are the best if you can find some. They usually wreck your low to average dinosaur and also rarely eat your prey because they're omnivores
Papas back! Maybe
Zaza vs Korver NBA Finals. Two titans collide
You're basically looking at a guy already nearing the level of Avery Bradley or Wesley Matthews with a significantly higher ceiling. Honestly, if he can use his athleticism better and develop slashing and midrange games, which he has the athleticism for, he can be a very highly regarded guard
Big Z rule
He's one of those good "best player on an average college team" players that disappears after he graduates. Cool part was that he made it all the way back to the NBA 5 years later. Quick, shifty guy with some.impressive skill. Of ciurse, he's still getting used to the pace of the NBA but he reminds me of Shelvin Mack as the likable, talented career backup
He got into Buds car
What about the Hornets? 2 #2 overalls, #4 in Zeller, and Lamb Kemba and Kaminsky
Inconsistent but still a quality starter
u kno i would
#VoteMikeDunleavy
WOOOOO
Serious question, what does Dunleavy have to accomplish to surpass LeBron's legacy?
Dunleavy is the greatest Hawk in history
They better pay Dunleavy tho
Might be biased when I say this as a Hawks fan but I seriously feel that tanking for a higher pick is not a successful way to build a team. There is rarely a transformative talent that can make you into a contender like LeBron or Shaq. Shit, Sacramento and New Orleans have the two best big men in the league and aren't close to contending for a title. Neither team has a lack of draft picks each year. Outside of OKC, no team in recent memory has been able to build a contender with straight top 5 picks, unless you count Cleveland who basically had two no-brainers for a top pick with LeBron being a can't miss prospect and Kyrie being a star in a weak draft. Shit, the process that all 76ers fans are enjoying right now would've never happened if they didn't find a transformative talent in Embiid. Even then, they aren't winning too many games.
Doesn't that prove my point? Even if they weren't winning they were at least trying to be competitive with players like Monta and Stephen Jackson. They got compatible pieces and a good coach as well as some key trades and free agent signings. The only high pick contributing to their teams was Bogut, which they acquired from trading Ellis, a second round pick
Keeping your picks is the most promising thing but what happens when you don't win for a significantly long time? Take for instance a team like the Nuggets. They've done a pretty good job drafting since the Bynum Howard trade, but they're basically log jammed at shooting guard, small forward and center because they've taken too many talented assets without any of them developing into true superstars yet. Now they run the risk of dropping Nurkic for Jokic or Barton/Harris for Murray. Obviously, they can trade them for pieces but even drafting as well as a team like Denver while keeping all your picks doesn't necessarily translate to building a contender
Honestly? A wing defender can seriously be the difference. Roberson is good perimeter defense but if they can get a guy like Winslow or Jae Crowder who can lock down some serious real Estate on defense, WB cans dominate on offense. Grab a good rebounder to complement their three face up center rotation and a guy who can shoot off the dribble when WB is on the bench and I think OKC is a contender. Look at houston, if you surround a top5 player with the proper role players and a system to succeed in you can do some serious damage without being forced to craft a super team. I just think they have too many moving pieces right now and not all of those players are complementing WB
His tape doesn't look good, you're right. He does fit into the mold of Derrick Rose clones that rely solely on motor and athleticism and quickness, just a little more of the later than the others
No problem. I think WB is an alpha dog so another Durant or even a Griffin is a bad idea. Guys with similar mindsets, like Kobe and Jordan, found success in their primes with a great beta dog, a wing man of sorts. Pippin and Gasol are HoFers, but they clearly respected whose team it was. A second tier star that can do things that WB doesn't provide as much ( defense, glue guy, consistent spot up shooting) would be awesone. I think Khris Middleton if he fully recovers would be honestly an awesome fit for WB
The thing is despite the revitalization of centers, guys like KAT Embiid and Cousins can legit create their own shot. They slash, fake and hit contested jumpers. I don't know if this is an anomaly that we are seeing with three groundbreaking talents but we might be seeing iso centers in the new future
That's true. Iso ball is rarely winning basketball no matter how talented the player is. Thankfully Embiid has Simmons and KAT hopefully has an improved Dunn or a revitalized Rubio. I think if Boogie gets John Wall or even Bledsoe, he significant improves (despite already being a top 10 player and the best center in the NBA).
Let me preface that I despise tanking. But New York isn't gonna hoist the Larry Obrien with Rose and Melo. Both players are not only past their prime, but aren't the leaders that two iconic players should be. KP is the future and possibly the scariest prospect out there if he hits his ceiling. The thing is, you have to take into account what's going in NOLA. The fact that they're trying so hard to win right away by trading assets and picks for players that can immediately contribute like Holiday means they burn chances at players like Noel who have the same time line as Davis. They're learning the hard way now because it's very hard to find a skilled young player with the same time line as AD now because a 19 year old in the draft is too young and a proven star like Millsap is too old. If a team does have a good 23-24 year old player, they don't want to trade them unless they get something substantial back because they are typically on team friendly deals. They got lucky that this year's draft had two good upperclassmen in Hield and Dunn but neither had any NBA experience. All in all, you want at LEAST 1-2 prospects that you can feel confidently putting alongside KP for the next 10 years. Think about Dirk. Had he had a consistent #2 instead of a revolving door of Josh Howard, Jason Terry and Tyson Chandler, how many more titles would he have won.
Wouldn't Kyrie be considered Australian. Also Tabuse has had probably the most impact on for an Asian player outside of Lin and Ming. Dude is a legend and Japan despite not really playing that much in the NBA
I would highly be careful of foreign league PGs. Ntilikina looks very promising but guys like Mudiay and Exum were the top true points in the ir class. The thing is the athleticism and quickness if NBA guards are very hard for non college guards to keep up with. I would much rather rely on Ball who has shown he can ball up against high level players
I watched every USC game the year we had Dedmon. He was no where ready to play in the NBA, but he worked hard and he is also more athletic than Bennett
Antic &lt;3
Fab Melo is GOAT
It's a pretty bad contract. I do think because of his age, lack of injury history and effort, he can still improve, unlike Noah, though
Wooo first game off of work to watch since KC let's go
Fuck Jimmy Graham
Freeman is running mad
I'm glad we tanked Julios stats until playoffs. Trust the process
100-10
That safety was the turning point
I'll take things Greg Harry's wife doesn't say for 200
Michael Bennet is asking for another low block
Seattle's mad because we are showing them what you're supposed to do when you're on the 1 yard line
That man is very fat
Leave Mike Dunleavy Jr alone
Poole killed him
YESSSSSSSSS WOOOHOHOHOHOHO
:,)
Cowboys
Debo once again
succ me
We may have memed Dunleavy into an MVP candidate
So is Isaiah Thomas after every play
Metu is starting to develop into an elite college player. He has athleticism off the charts
He can knock some jumpers down. I remember when I watched him at the game in Pauley last year, he hit several jumpers. Reminds me of a higher ceiling Ibaka with his skill set
No, we aren't as close to good as the Raptors or Cavs but better than that other team
Kris Middleton
:'). Let's do this for mother, BEAT THE PACK
Dunleavy probably has ring worm. Idk if that counts
Pls
The guy who looks like NBA rookie Justice Young
Eh, Clippers have a very strong core. They sort of gutted some of their depth. A decent 3 and D player is what they need
Dwight owning Snek. As is tradition
Succ(essful) me(me)
Succ me
Thrashfan has as many all star games starts as Isaiah Thomas
This whole sub probably. How do you think Zaza almost started in the all star game
Hey! That's the GOAT Mike Dunleavy
RIP Chicago
King of being the fourth best point guard in the East 😂😂
He already is
Literally the PF version of 3 and D
Imagined if we shut the out even tho they drive it down field every drive??
Yup. You should've seen our sub after week 1. We literally were worried about going winless (not even exaggerating)
Toe tackle1
I bet Rodgers wanted a flag for unnecessary roughness for that sack
THIS IS THE BRIGHTEST TIMELINE
WOO HOOOOOO
It was harder for the Packers to score today than losing my virginity in high school
Julio is GOAT
Wac wac
After how Von helped turn Vic into the next LT, we will do you a solid. Also last year denying Cam a ring was also enough
Dude got elbowed harder than that Alt Right guy
He along with Patrick Patterson were upperclassmen who came back to play with Wall, Bledsoe and Boogie
I wonder what Matt Ryan's legacy will be. With the likely MVP, and a SB trip, this will elevate him to elite,unless he has a Cam Newton-like collapse this season the next few years. It's weird, because back when he was on those Michael Turner-Roddy White teams, Falcons fans including myself thought he was for sure a HoF. The past few years, his prime has been sort of wasted, and that talk has easily fizzled. Ryan still has a lot of time to develop a legacy, he's around the age that Brees became elite. I think it's too soon to say how this will rank in a QB match up all time, but I do think we can say right now that this is the most exciting matchup between just the QBs (not counting anything else) in quite a while.
And give up 100 /s
Have to find someone to fuck me first :(
We'll bang, ok?
He's a rich man's Bruno
Let's hope NC States Smith JR is a better driver than JR Smith
That's the GOAT THJ thank you
He's definitely not a guy every team will feel comfortable drafting high. On the other hand, the most talented undersized white guy slot receiver runner to come out of college seems like the perfect Patriots player
I think Collins and Alford will split at corner #2. Even though Alford got paid, Collins was obviously his eventual replacement when we drafted him. We need a big corner for Tampa and Carolina 2x a year
Or even Justin
Workplace sexual harassment is no joke /s
Alternative sports!
Chris Hogan played Penn State Lacrosses
He's a 26 year old superstar putting up unreal numbers. There are all these super teams, most teams with TWO superstars struggle to get through the west
Lonzo Ball of all people got me chic fil la today thanks to the missed free throws promotions
Honestly, that's the one move I really liked by Haden. Enfield was a fantastic hire compared to the usual, hire a journeyman coach who is proven to be average
Burn him to the stake
There's no way they trade away their entire team basically for our entire team. Something closer would be Shroeder, THJ and our 2 rookies as well as a few picks for Paul. At that point we would need to make sure Sap and Paul were resigning and that we win a title within 2 years
Leonard, but he was more pro ready than Giannis as a prospect. I think once Giannis developed ball handling and shot creation he flashed some unseen level of basketball
Literally every team has former Kentucky players. The leagues 3 best domestic big men if you count Towns are from Kentucky (Process is from Cameroon I believe)
he disappears in thin air after the trade
Dude, that's cold. He would've started for the Sonics
