Dude this is so awesome and hilarious
I think it would be cool if we allowed for scripting inventions to be posted here
I don't like nameplates because I think their useless but the rest are cool
Remnant gets a lot of frame rate issues and I was never a fan of the original map, so I kind of find it not that great. It looks good though
Wally and Jay. I really think we should wait a bit for others
Actually maybe not armor effects
For instance I'm a forger who makes various types of maps and inventions. I show tutorials and maps on my channel MartianMallCopStudios. If you create interesting content in a specialty field people who are interested in that field will be naturally more interested in you
I just feel like nameplates are a waste of resources and not very impactful.
Ya the lack of BR starts gets really annoying for me.
I honestly think your having bad luck I actually constantly get Valhalla and construct whenever I try playing halo 3. I never get guardian or assembly though
Me and 3 other friends went through the entire odst campaign. We got massive frame rate drops every 5 to 10 minutes which kinda sucked but at least it was better than when we tried playing halo 3
I like the hunter zoloman one the best as he's not necessarily a total bad guy. He is trying to make superheroes better so they can save people. I think that would be a very interesting character
Why isn't Nyssa or Katana there?
Same reason as why coop campaign isn't fixed or that we can't save videos for viewing later
I really hope GL stays out of the flash. Don't get confused though, I love GL but I feel that adding him in isn't good for the flash. Its like adding batman into arrow, he would immediately steal the spotlight. I'd much rather him have his own show then be on arrow or flash
I feel that as one of the DC bigs that GL can steal quite a bit of the flash's spotlight. I'd rather see the development of vibe, killer frost, firestorm, and maybe some lesser known characters as I find that they have a bit more freedom with them.
My entire team left in a game in halo reach and it was me verse 4 other people on the enemy team on swordbase. I killed 2 of them so the score was 2-0 then his the rest of the game to get the win occasionally getting a few assassinations in the process
343 wanted to find one of the easiest maps to remake so it wouldn't be hard to put out. They have mainly done fan favorites and easy maps to remake. That is why we also have Warlord.
Halo 3 and halo 2 have the best multiplayer
Warlock is nowhere even close to how good turf and terminal were and people liked those maps more as well. Lockout and stone town were obvious fan favorites and shrine was a good MLG map. Warlord and relic were just the easiest to remake
While I agree with that I know plenty of people who don't agree with that who like GL more than the Flash.
That's the thing the damage is done. Look at Battlefield 4. The game is practically fixed completely but they have little population growth since the game already has the reputation of being broken. Same with MCC. That is why they haven't put many resources towards fixing it. Its not profitable
Your rumors are false
Bullet magnetism in h4 and h2a is a little rrdiculous
I think I can safely say they won't bring reach on to the collection for a while now
Its better than before but still has plenty of issues. If you want to play matchmaking you should be good. Customs are much better now due to the recent update but still have some issues. You still can't save theater clips for later. Coop campaign still doesn't work properly for many people. Etc...
H2a vehicles are like frickin tissue paper
It depends how Xbox live cloud servers are doing that day
Halo 5 is going to have legacy options so in customs you'll be able to use previous halo settings if you please. Halo 5 based off the beta is actually much better than halo 4. Those are some reasons
One that doesn't exist. The characters are so much more interesting when they are not in a super hero team up
Well it says his own Felicity. Meaning hopefully a Felicity like character. So hopefully its Patty Spivot. That would be awesome
Diggle
Has he ever shot at the flash?
He learned that the hard way. Because of him making it so the flash wouldn't exist by giving him childhood trauma. He had to make Barry become the Flash so he could get his speed back
I'd love to see these for arrow season 1 and 2
I'd suggest trying HaloCustoms or Forgehub
There will most likely be weapon skins. I think it will not change the sights on the weapon or how the weapon functuons and hopefully it doesnt
It depends on your connection really. Some people take a few minutes to get into a game, some take a few seconds, and some people can't even get into games.
Oh so its like skirmish from reach with AI thrown in
These aren't customizable loadouts right? I'm pretty sure they are like skirmish in reach where there are preset loadouts that you unlock as the game progresses.
Hopefully we'll also get the falcon
Falcon's pls....
Thank you! someone else who understands that the falcon is the vehicle we need!
I've heard that the pistol is 4 shot headshot
Lol no. It's an aesthetic thing that should have no effect on gameplay
Most that I've heard is that people are mostly cool with it but hope that things like the req system have no effect in arena games
I hope this gets fixed so badly
I actually heard there was going to be more customization
http://m.imgur.com/a/v5vt1 This link might work a bit better
They should also do that with forge maps. Best 3 get implemented into dev maps
Hell yes! There are so many better characters in Halo than chief to play as. Like for instance the Arbiter and Buck ( as main character).
This is a really awesome idea!
The closest thing I've seen to that is that the only animal I've seen access the speedforce in comic was grodd
I'd buy the idea of Oliver not playing judge jury and executioner now but in season one he definitely was. He actively killed people who refused to stop their heinous crimes.
Most of the religious inspired parts of Halo were really in H2 an H3, with the majority in H2. Honestly I don't see many in H4 other than the covenant obeying the didact and stuff
Artistic license?
The beta was 6 months ago but recently people were able to play games of warzone at e3. There has been quite a few changes since the beta so many of us are discussing that.
Hard reset?
I'm pretty sure at the end he fails and gets sucked in. Most likely leads to multiverse
Warzone &gt; Destiny
Well if your referring to the current Arbiter, most likely not. The current Arbiter is crazy tough
H3 one was worse
I mean in h5 the banshee and ghost looked cool. Also the new carbine looks pretty BA as well
I hope not. I hate the mantis personally
The way to balance the mantis is to make it about as strong as a warthog. Hijackable as a small vehicle. Give it an open cockpit and remove the rocket feature. Then give it more speed
Well you have to counteract the change in vehicle health with some speed but it obviously doesn't have to be as fast as a warthog. If it were my way it would have chainguns on both sides. It would be hijackable where you could kick the driver out and take his/her place, I'd remove the stomp ability and give it a thrusterpack, so it can avoid being hijacked if the driver is skillful enough.
The map is really bad. There is very little ways for map control and is just a chaotic clusterfuck. It must be your luck. I rarely get it when in matchmaking.
I'm gonna say Roy due to his experience in the field. I feel that Thea is definitely close though
Honestly I don't give a shit about Olicity or Lauriver. I just want there to be good writing. This season they pretty much failed on that, giving us the mediocre season we were subjected to
1. Multiple textures options in the same canvas on the same objects so contrast will be easier (such as concrete, wood, metal, covenant theme, etc) 2. Consistent textures over a variety of objects so players can create interesting geometry without having issues with textures overlap. 3. Falcon return pls and elephant as a vehicle for use in forge. 4. More scripting map gadgets, need things like elevators, laser bridges, activatable water falls etc. 5. Grass planes of smaller variety. 6. Easier to use terrain pieces (terrain flats are a bitch) 7. Ability to change color of all vehicles. 8. The neutral color stripe thing needs to not be light blue, instead it should mean no detail color at all. .... Also there better be scripting in Halo 5 or else!
I honestly would prefer a green arrow game from them more. The superpowers would kinda feel cheap to me the same way that it did in Saints Row
Maybe the covenant was searching and killing Pod occupants and took the pod as scrap. That's my excuse
I'd have to disagree. I'd say destiny's map designs have been pretty trash. They may look great aesthetically but the layout is trash. The only good map in crucible was the one on Venus with the circular spinning half dishes. Most maps have awful heavy weapon ammo positions and are designed so there are little successful map control points. It just leads to cat and mouse gameplay where people don't even try to control the map.
I'd have to say Reach map design was about hit or miss. Powerhouse was good, countdown was good, but for instance swordbase was awful due to the top of the map being very campable. Also the Invasion maps were fairly good. Spire wasn't as good as boneyard but nonetheless they weren't halfbad. But H4 had the worse maps out of every Halo. Solace was practically a gears of war map. Practically every map on it sucked other than daybreak, skyline, pitfall and Landfall. No emphasis on map control. It was designed for people to run around with their heads cut off, cat and mouse gameplay galore.
Well COD players have the tendency to prefer chaotic twitch shooter style gameplay where players have no need to control the map. So many of their opinion s tend to be on the side that Halo should be more like that kind of design, which ends up being detrimental to gameplay. To say a COD player's opinion doesn't matter is obviously wrong and should always be considered. It should also be noted that many gameplay elements of CoD are very bad for Halo.
Well spring can be considered something that has caused the game to be worse. In H4 it was very bad because having sprint made maps excessively large with ridiculous sightlines due to the movement speed being that high. Balancing sprint in h5 has been a better change as they lowered its top speed making the difference between base speed and sprint much less and making shields not recharge while running. tl:dr Sprint was objectively bad in H4.
Well if I'd go into specifics the paragraph would be a lot longer.
This is a tendency. Just because you don't do it doesn't mean it doesn't happen. The game was already trying to veer the kids from CoD to Halo in Halo 4. Just look at ordinance drops, sprint (how it was done in h4), custom loadouts. Everyone I know who loves CoD like Halo 4s multiplayer despite it clearly being the worst of the series mp-wise. That shows my point that in some situations opinions about other games can effect ones outlook on another even if it is slight.
Actually i told you something was bad and explained why it was. That is known as showing evidence for your claim. Well here is the logic behind why sprint was bad in H4. Due to the increased movement speed it you have to pace your shots for greater distances in order to take out a sprinting target so in H4 the maps all had large pacing to match the new movement speed. This means it created large open spaces, exaggerated sightlines and made movement options fairly linear (meaning that due to the map scaling increase, the movement options you have are too far away therefore you are far more predictable to a foe which natural decreases the dynamics of gameplay). Also due to this we get cat and mouse like gameplay of players preferring to run away and be chased down, which is very similar to CoDs style of gameplay, rather than sticking in the fight or finding an interesting route to flank the opponent.
Definitely the Halo 3 one where he throws down the bubble shield and jumps into the crowd of brutes
Wtf why would someone make fake rumors to debunk their own rumors?
Is that even a question. Arby would destroy those fools
They said they were considering it before but idk. Very few dev maps actually run infection good other than ghost town from h3 so they would need forge maps
So... No falcon.... :(
There is a concept known as risk vs reward for weapon placement, basically don't place a weapon where it is most useful, or make a risk to take towards getting that weapon. For instance don't put a sniper in a sniper tower that has a great view of the map, instead place it at a lower part of your map where it is not as useful. Or if you have a sword put it in a more open part of the map so their is a risk of going to get it.
Sorry but that's a horrible idea. If you have large open spaces in your map never put a sniper as other players will get picked off easy. It will lead to just boring games of whoever grabbed the sniper barely has to fight to keep it as they can just pick people off easy from a distance
The issue is with a shitty launch comes the reputation of the game being bad and therefore less players
Legendary magnum that is like the h1/magnum. Grenade launcher from Halo reach.
I'm pretty sure there's only no split screen co-op and you can still co-op campaign online
I really liked it but I've heard a about quite a few people that didn't find it that great
I definitely would. Reach had some excellent design for its campaign
Couldn't even get an extermination. What a noob ;)
Scrub ;)
Na but in all seriousness this was pretty awesome
Well is she using the company's money or her own personal profit from working at the company?
Thats neutral flag. Not 1 flag
Sadly the defenders would be able to pickup the flag which would not be good
1. H3, 2. H2, 3. ODST, 4. H5 tied with Reach
If you hold the trigger they stick. If you just spam it it won't stick
Yes
I think this should help. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=TyXvj-t2xks
Well I mean Barry could go back in time and kill one of Zoom's ancestors but that would be kinda dark...
I believe killzones override safe zones in h5s forge if I recall right
If your watching the cgi one I'd say endure it. Some of it is really awesome (mainly the stuff with the clone troopers is pretty awesome)
I found that TFA was shown to have the basic formula of a new hope but it how it got to each point was what set it apart
Chewy is really a badass though because in A New Hope he didn't receive a medal like everyone else but he never complained
Can she just not be related to anyone from previous movies? Thats what I hope
I believe they have an actual video disproving his sand bb8 thing with the robot they used for filming actually moving around
^
I like Halo more-so than COD because I find it to have more interesting level design and level art along with its objective gametypes being superb, it has forge which allows me to make alot of awesome stuff, and with forge, playing community maps is alot of the time more interesting to me than a lot of the dev maps
Not that I've seen. Also this could be used for other things anyway still an interesting gadget
Well ya but I thought they fired the Halo array to kill the flood and in the process killed themselves
I disagree with increasing the openness of maps as it will just get frustrating for people getting picked off, but adding more gametypes can't hurt
One way to do it is to weld it to another object after putting all the scripts on it
Hes also doing other changes in the process as well
Forgehub and Halocustoms are excellent sites for community creation and getting people together for lobbies. Those sites are the ones i use
Ya
Na I love Cisco's character and his acting.
I think it's because your thinking of Cisco as a character of the world itself while I would consider him to be kinda like Deadpool in the way that he breaks the 4th wall quite a bit. Hes a character that I consider to be there with you while also interacting with the world he's in. Take that as you will
I use HaloCustoms.com and Forgehub.com to check out community content so that's what I'd recommend
Having toggle crouch off also makes it easier
Have the ball rolling into a explosive barrel to make it explode and take the scripting from there
True pistols make all the BTB maps better
You have to friend the author of the map and then click their profile in the roster to download maps now. People post their maps on HaloCustoms, Forgehub, r/forge, r/forgeinitiative.
If your talking about slide boosting and fast falling, then yes, its a very welcome trick to most people
"This is Fucking bullshit!"
Because plot ;)
Honey badger
Well I can't argue with that
Winter because in Arizona its the only time of year where we practically aren't on fire
This is pretty cool
It's actually not my own map. At the Forgehub YouTube channel we feature maps that we consider best from the community to give the authors of the map credit for their work. The author of this map is xXandrith
Awesome man. How's the H5 default abilities version going?
Please no
r/forge, r/forgeinitiative, forgehub.com, HaloCustoms.com, forge.world.com
Agreed
Ya that was pretty cool
Maybe being ranked has something to do with it. I believe btb is a social playlist and that could be your issue.
2/10 did not blow up a covenant carrier
Self driving cars and drone delivery ( both as the norm)
It was actually the opposite. In Reach multiplayer maps were designed and created for multiplayer then when they were making the campaign they took those maps and just included them. It wasn't the other way around
Both of those were most likely designed for Invasion first. There's plenty of things in the design that makes that clear
Waiting for Sparrow Racing to come back to get on Destiny
Eat Taco Bell or Del Taco. I live in Arizona so we have much better Mexican food for the same price but somehow people will still go to Taco Bell
Outside of a pineapple
I've done it before. If he has the possibility to be assassinated by animation the same damage applies if no animation occurs
That's because it is
Lols
Aliens - Why's there so much weapons?, Wow this guy had a lot of porn!, This twerk dance must have been a ritual of some kind....
I actually disagree. Halo 4 was the worst campaign in the franchise. Halo 5s level design was excellent. The enemies were fun to fight (discluding some Prometheans). I'd put in on par with Reach or Halo 3s campaign. I do find the story a bit lackluster however ( not as much as H4's)
Speedforce
Back when i was in high school Penguin/Pengy. My freshman year I was 230 lbs and it was originally used as an insult. Then I lost 50 lbs while doing football and wrestling and then I just found the name funny and kinda embraced it I guess.
the aesthetic microtransactions people buy in games like weapon camos, and armor and stuff. At least to me that is..
Have a friend join in the game with you and have them place the spawn point
Because duel wielding has been removed from Halo for a reason. The weapon balance when duel wielding is in the game gets worked because they have to nerf the guns individually unless someone has two weapons, but then that gives you a bunch of weapons that end up just being useless. And in H5, the BR has far too much range and high aim assist for it to be the starting weapon, and as we can see in the BTB playlist, it just ruins everything.
There's a map a friend of mine is making which uses the saw, where he's making a map inspired by isolation, but isn't bad
Gaming culture
You are the first person I've ever heard of that has ever liked the Prometheans more than the Covenant... That's surprising even though I find the Prometheans lacking
I find that the lonely prepubescent virgin stereotype who bitch online is caused by vocal minority. Anyone can be a gamer if they enjoy games, and they shouldn't be stereotyped as so.
Well an example of a thing the mind does is that your eyes always see your nose but your mind ignores it,
As a man, Perverts are perverts to me. Gender doesn't make a difference
Nah that has logic.... That would be stupid
If Reddit wrote the script Felicity would slip on a banana peel and die in the first 5 seconds
Very good and well thought out argument. I personally agree especially with the storm rifle argument
I feel that CE had a lot of things I loved (weapon matrix, different melee for different weapons, plasma weapons stunning players movement, interesting map design) but I also recognize the issues with it (unresponsive jumping, somewhat slidy movement, auto pickup objectives, terrible vehicle gameplay, terrible btb maps, pistol needed to take an extra shot to kill since it dipped above the power curve..... Etc...) I feel that it wasn't a perfect game by any means but it was still awesome. H2 and H3 had fantastic vehicle gameplay and interesting vehicle counters. Each game of the original trilogy had things that made them awesome and its very difficult to consider one of them as the best.
"Halo 5 is greater than 3?" Lmao ;) (yes I know that was supposed to be a heart)
Damn your right. I was trying to be a smartass but failed.... :( (looked at it quickly while I was in class)
Common to average Halo player no.. Common to Halo fans on Reddit probably
If you can't explain why something is bad noone will take you serious. If you just say: acting equals bad noone is going to give a shit. But if you say acting = bad because (fill in the blank) people are more inclined to listen. Just keep that in mind
I believe it's good for you if I recall right
Destiny is a game that is designed to keep people playing, whether that be for getting special loot, or special public events, or raids, etc.. If the Destiny team did not continue to update the game people would lose interest since there isn't to much replayability in a lot of the content, which is somewhat by design. (Except for Sparrow Racing, when it was out I couldn't get enough of that shit)
The forge is like 10 times that of reach if that helps
Guillotine/headlong was originally designed for 1 flag ctf, so naturally the heatmap is mostly by red base.
That's because it wasn't really that amazing of an episode. It kinda happens with pilots because they have to establish the plot a bit.
Duck just called it 2.0 for when it gets in matchmaking. I think it's like 1.6 or something last time we played it in customs
Rather than making the back stronger because of BR starts it would be better to not have BR starts
Or we could argue that savage taking over the world is a side effect of RF traveling back in time killing Nora and making Barry become the flash quicker, and since so then Barry meets Oliver who's connection with Merlin has Merlin gather Vandal Savage's ashes, which could lead to Savage taking over the world at that time. Tldr; maybe the RF was from a timeline where Vandal Savage never conquered the planet
Those forge maps currently in btb were the first ever made in this forge. There are some absolutely gorgeous maps I have seen that look even better than the dev maps.
When people say bae
I think I was like 6 or 8
Lols
To be fair Nokyard has a completely reworked version of the map that they will be replacing for Deadlock at some point which is far superior
Alot of the maps currently for Doubles were designed for 4v4s. Alot of issues with ammo counts occurs because of this along with spawning etc... I believe they removed it to bring a more refined experience of doubles later on. (Hopefully with some forge maps designed for 2v2s)
Get Reqt
I'd recommend checking out speed- runners videos because they show some awesome ways to take short cuts through the missions
That plasma caster looks really sweet
Damn that is impressive
I think overgrowth would play much more interestingly with a plasma caster, splinters, and possibly a scattershot.
Shhh..... Halo is dad
They'd have to make Wally a really likeable character for that to happen. And seeing that he's kinda a dick right now I don't see it happening
I completely agree with you
Invite a friend to the game and have them place a spawn point
The point of the Spartan 4's is to show how inferior they are in military to that of Master Chief's group. That was done on purpose.
Breaks a leg. Run at enemies on hands..
I was referring to a focussed splinter meta involving the use of them in area denial and the hallways
Brutes, flood, playable Elites, Invasion, chopper, falcon, pro pipe, less Prometheans, I would love to visit the brute homeworld, .. Etc
Better than the Henry Allen Zoom theories at least
There's a difference between taking away something and not making it yet......
With how janky the sword is in this game I can't wait for infection where kids will be missing constantly
^
