You wanted to throttle your MIL? Sounds like every sitcom dad in history...
Isn't that how hedge clippers are made?
What about Maggie Simpson? She's like 26 by now and that's still pretty much all she does in any episode. :b
I'm reminded of a story I head online about a year ago. A man was at Burger King when a mom and her 6-year-old son show up. The kid was screaming up a storm, yelling "I want a fucking pie!" again and again, and the mother wasn't doing anything about it. The man got so fed up that when he got to the counter he ordered all 26 pies they had. As he walked away with his bounty he just smiled triumphantly at the little brat and his enabling mother. It's the most awesome and justified bit of spiteful behavior I've ever heard of.
A friend with weed is a friend indeed.
Not just gay people; homosexuality has been observed in dozens of species. It's very common in dolphins.
It might help to add that so far Ireland is the only country that has legalized gay marriage by popular vote, and that was just a few weeks ago.
It's a trap! ADMIRAL AKBAR!
None of the schools I ever went to growing up even HAD lockers except in the gym; we were expected to just leave our books at home on the days we didn't need them for class and keep them in our backpacks on the days when we did need them. It pisses me off that movies seem to think every school everywhere has lockers.
My school didn't have lockers at all; everyone just left their books at home except on days when the teachers specifically told us we were going to need them in class.
I have a very nice decorative sword in my room; I wish I knew how to sharpen it. I often imagine that if someone broke in I'd use it to threaten them. Sure it has a dull blade because it's for decoration, but the burglar doesn't know that.
When exactly did Moses go from being a feeble man with a terrible stuttering problem to being freaking William Wallace. They seem to have mixed up their stories of escaping slaves. The tale of Moses was about the Jews FLEEING Egypt, not busting out. The film makers seem to have confused Moses with Spartacus.
To be fair, Blackfish, which is what caused all their negative publicity, was extremely biased. They only bothered to look for testimonies from people who were already on their side. That's not informative, it's propaganda. If they really wanted to be informative they would have presented both sides of the issue with equal objectivity and left it to the viewers to decide whose side they were on.
I agree. People say Flo from the Progressive ads is annoying, but that smug redheaded bitch from the Wendy's commercials is a nightmare.
Personally, one that I'd list is Click. It had the potential to be a great comedy, but halfway through it made a very abrupt shift from comedy to tragedy.
What struck me as odd about that movie is that it seems to be exaggerating the violence of the human race. I mean, if there were no laws for one night I may do a bit of petty theft but I certainly wouldn't have any desire to kill anyone. In some places where there's a gang problem I could see that happening, but in most places I really find it hard to imagine very many people actually doing much more than vandalism and theft.
I wish he'd wait it out for a few more elections until moving to Canada would be a more feasible option for me (in other words, when I've had more time in the workforce so I can network out and work my way up to Canada).
The people in the mascot costumes at sports games and theme parks.
Viagra: "Takes a licking and keeps on ticking"
Nah, nobody there but Zule.
I would love to live in Canada in the future. California is too dang hot and crowded, so the cold temperatures and low population density of Canada would be a blessing for me. Looks like this is another thing to prepare for XD
Local coyotes are the reason why my outdoor cat has to stay in our atrium at night. Funny, a lot of people keep cats indoor during the day and let them out at night, but we have our cat outside in the day and inside at night. The other morning I went to let her out, but I suddenly heard yelping coyotes nearby so I decided to wait about another hour before letting her out.
I'm a liberal and would love to move to Canada. It's not really too much because of the US government; it's just that Canada seems so much more peaceful in general. Also, I'm sick of the high temperatures and population density of Southern California, so I'd love to live in a much colder and less densely populated place like Canada.
The Westboro Baptist Church is to Christianity what ISIS is to Islam.
Why did you eat dog treats?
Well there was Napoleon. He's the reason the sphinx doesn't have a nose; his troops used it for target practice.
In Jeepers Creepers the main protagonist gets captured by the monster, which ends up skinning him, eating his eyes, and not being defeated in any way. In the second movie the main protagonists kind of win because they survive long enough for the creature to enter a hibernation state. It only awakens for 23 days every 23 years, so the protagonists "win" by surviving until the end of the 23 days.
If you're a handyman and work on roofs you could say you're on the office and it would be just fine. :3
Technically it's a cape buffalo. Check the url, it's a cape buffalo from the Denver Zoo. :P
The ones I've seen, yes.
Nor do we in much of Southern California. Places up in the mountains like Big Bear get snow, but none of the areas at lower altitudes do.
That's how I as an American feel when talking to people from Canada.
That's happened to me. A few months ago I was walking home from class (living about 1 mile from your college makes for easy commuting), and someone stopped to ask the closest way to one of the nearby freeways. I've lived in this area for over 12 years but I still haven't bothered to memorize the names of most of the streets or the numbers of the freeways. The best I could do was point in the general direction; I couldn't really give any specific directions.
We don't get fireflies here in California ;~;
Fast food places tend to have where when you order a drink they just give you the empty cup. Off to the side there will be a machine that pours ice and soda so you can fill the cup yourself. A common scam is to ask for free water so you get a cup and then refill it with soda when you're done with the water.
Honestly I've often felt that I would love to move to Canada because it looks so nice and peaceful.
There are a lot of places like this and Beijing that I hear about and just can't help wondering how much longer it's going to be before the air gets to the point where they just become uninhabitable to human beings.
Plus they solve the classic conundrum: How do blind people know when they're done wiping?
I want you to go kill people's PCs.
*stands in front of mirror* PlazaOne, PlazaOne, PlazaOne
Fun fact: Vagina is Latin for Sheath.
Well, at least River Monsters is catch and release and does teach about the species of fish featured, but I definitely see your point. What really gets me is when they have shows about people whose job is to go out and round up wild animals; they used to be about teaching people how wonderful these animals are, but now they're teaching us that animals are expendable and should be used as points in a competition. It's not as bad as Deadliest Catch, but is still ridiculous to have on Animal Planet.
She speaks for the trees.
He's gotta hate it when he has to wait for things done in alphabetical order.
Maybe he'll grow up to be the Spurgeon general.
Note to self: Whenever visiting Cancun, bring a Mexican friend and have them make all of my purchases for me.
The sad thing about that one is it's based on such a simple word to spell, rotate. They couldn't find a less confusing name for something designed to rotate food?
I'm 23 and never learned how to ride a bike. I've driven cars but have never successfully ridden a bike.
Under what circumstances did you learn of this infernal device's existence?
They even had a very well made system of workers' compensation. If a member of the crew was injured they'd be given financial compensation in the form of coins known as pieces of eight. Not sure how valuable pieces of eight were, but the amount people would be given varied based on the severity of their injuries. For example, losing a leg would get you more pieces of eight than losing an eye.
I thought it was the third movie.
How valuable was the whole eight?
It taught me that licking doorknobs is illegal on other planets.
I usually remain barefoot at my own house, but I don't leave my shoes by the door. I keep my shoes next to the desk in my bedroom, which is the farthest room in the house from the front door.
You know what's even more classless? Stepping in dirt, feces, and other debris in the first place. Also, we have a wonderful invention known as a welcome mat, which exists solely for the purpose of wiping the bottoms of our shoes so we don't track anything into the house.
You're the second person I've seen here talking about how people who wear shoes in the house track feces inside. Who do you know that is so inattentive to where they're walking that they regularly step in feces of any kind? Even if someone does step in feces, their first reaction will usually be to remove the shoe and attempt to wipe it off on the nearest tree or wash it in a fountain, whatever is most immediately available.
What is a lift? Is that the UK name for an elevator? As an American, the only use of the word lift in my vocabulary is the verb for picking something up, not any sort of device for picking things up.
Americans don't like tea, we like beer. Sometimes coffee, but mostly beer.
"Hey! That continent ran right out in front of me!"
I think the funniest thing about this guy's argument is that one of the links actually has "gender-wage-gap-myth" in the url itself. The operative word here is "myth." I'd say that pretty much confirms that (s)he did not read the actual links before assuming they were going to help his/her case.
Before you try to use links to support your case, make sure the links actually do support it.
I first saw the whole blue-red blood depiction on the Magic School Bus. They were showing how the heart worked and showed that the red blood cells were blue before being oxygenated. Even when I saw that as a little kid I immediately assumed that they had just done that for the sake of the viewers. I was like 5 and I was able to recognize that this depiction of the process was altered for simplicity for the young viewers.
Sounds like a neat twist on Teddy Roosevelt's "big stick diplomacy." Speak softly, and carry a gun.
The Westboro Baptist Church is to Christianity what ISIS is to Islam.
A shotgun wedding may be terrifying, but it's got nothing on a shotgun divorce.
I find his candidacy very amusing, but I do look forward to seeing him go down in flames.
I'm not like some PETA nut, but I find this argument really messed up because it's basically saying animals are expendable. Just because they aren't humans doesn't mean it's okay to make a big public spectacle of taunting and then killing them.
Actually, there is such a thing as low-high metabolism. It's what causes the variation between the three main body types. People with low metabolisms are endomorphs, meaning they put on weight easily. People with high metabolisms are ectomorphs, meaning they burn weight quickly. People in the middle are mesomorphs. That's not to say someone who is genetically an ectomorph can't become obese or that an endomorph is doomed to be a 300 lb blob, just that some people are more genetically inclined to gain or lose weight than others.
Religion is like a penis: It's fine to have one, it's fine to be proud of it, but don't go waving it around in public and PLEASE don't try to force it down our children's throats.
Oh, alright. I wasn't sure since I knew Hawaii was admitted (though admitted is whitewashing it a bit; forced would be more accurate) into the union at some point in the mid-20th century.
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder. I see nothing wrong with calling a fat person beautiful, as long as you're not saying it's healthy to be obese. A spare tire is nothing to be ashamed of. A tractor tire on the other hand...
About 10 years ago I remember hearing that Arnold Schwarzenegger was technically obese based on the BMI scale. Muscle is denser and heavier than fat, so being extremely muscular can lead to being designated obese by the BMI. This is why a lot of people I've talked to on the subject agree that the BMI scale is garbage. It takes any variation in weight and assumes it must be a result of having a differing quantity of body fat. It has no way of separating factors like bone density or muscle mass.
I tend to lean toward the left, but I like to base my political views on what is actually best for humanity, not what my party says I should think. My favorite historical quote is one by Winston Churchill on the subject of party differences: (may not be verbatim) "If you show me a young conservative I'll show you someone with no heart; if you show me an old liberal I'll show you someone with no brain"
When you said you were talking to the dishwasher I thought you meant the appliance. I was very confused XD
Keep in mind that a "not guilty" verdict won't prevent you from being demonized. The first example that comes to mind is O.J., and more recently there was Casey Anthony. I wasn't around for the O.J. thing (don't remember if it was the 80s or 90s, but depending which it was I was either not born yet or too young to notice), so I don't know all the details about why everyone is so certain that he's guilty despite the verdict. ~~Casey Anthony on the other hand is a monster who was let off the hook for murder.~~
Don't you mean persecuted? If it's being done because of his ethnicity as they claim then it's more a matter of persecution than prosecution.
Spanking is something that should only be used as an absolute last resort, when the child has made it clear that no other form of punishment will stop them from repeating whatever action they had done.
Granted, Casey Anthony wasn't a celebrity like OJ, but her case did become pretty high profile. I still remember the day of the verdict; in the morning everyone was agreeing that she was clearly guilty, so we were all shocked to hear that she was found not guilty.
NASCAR will be very awkward when all cars are self-driving...
Yeah, like act as a getaway driver when you're trying to get away from the cops.
Petting a cat. Bad kitty, down! D:
Yeah and their intention was for us to be allowed to carry these arms in cases where they were needed to help defend our country, but because of the wording the meaning has shifted from its original intention, at least in the public eye. That's why there's so much controversy about the 2nd amendment, because its wording doesn't clearly state its original intention and it's therefore easy for gun nuts to misuse it.
Even cold arctic waters aren't safe from sharks. Allow me to introduce you to the [sleeper shark](http://6336-presscdn-26-82.pagely.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/05/greenland-shark.jpg) or the Greenland shark, as it's also known. Their jaw is unlike any other shark, with pointed top teeth and slanted bottom teeth. They use the top teeth to anchor into the prey's flesh, then use the slanted lower teeth to shear open the prey's hide like a can opener. Because they're slow and blind they were long thought to be strictly scavengers, but in recent years they've been found hunting live seals.
According to Investigation Discovery, female-on-male domestic violence is just as common as male-on-female domestic violence. People don't realize this because men don't report it as often because their pride prevents them and because law enforcement often doesn't believe the men who do report it because "there's no way a woman would do that."
And some fraction of a moob.
Don't we also share like 70% of our DNA with mosquitoes? And over 60% with bananas? From what I've heard most if not all lifeforms on earth share over half of their DNA with every other species. That may have been an exaggeration though; I don't remember where I heard it.
On top of that, a vast majority of vertebrates share the common blueprint of having 2 front limbs and 2 hind limbs, whether they're legs, arms, or wings. The main exceptions I can think of are marine animals and snakes. Even then a lot of them (not fish) will have vestigial bones from ancestors who had 4 limbs.
How can you tell? 2048 hasn't happened yet :P
Oh, wasn't aware of that one.
Found Jesus!
Sure, nobody bats an eyelash when China makes a giant wall to keep out their brutal neighbors, but when the US talks about doing it suddenly we're evil and racist...
Quoth the raven, "Nevermore."
Technically he's not from Private Drive, he's from Godrick's Hollow (may have misspelled that, but meh). He was just raised at Private Drive.
A lethal dose of table salt can fit inside of a single salt shaker. Kinda spoils the fun of the old "loosen the cap in a fast food place" prank when you know the results are potentially fatal...
Disney did, it's called "Flash, the Teenage Otter"
Their main merchandise would be the Tickle-Me Emo.
Topical cream?
Step 1: Remove cat from computer. Step 2: Remove cat from computer. Step 3: Remove cat from computer. Step 4: Just give it up already.
Carface is also the villain in All Dogs Go to Heaven.
I read that as "a more genital version" XD
It would be better than the actual Tron: Legacy. That movie was an embarrassment to the original.
That sounds adorable.
Gesundheit.
Pretty sure salamanders are amphibians, but I may be thinking of newts.
Apple seeds also contain trace amounts of either arsenic or cyanide (I don't recall which one).
Also, the idea that it's bad for adults to spend a lot of time playing video games unless it's online poker or something. Why shouldn't a man in his 50s enjoy playing Pokemon or Super Smash Brothers? A wonderful thing about video games as opposed to TV, movies, and books is that it's not the same story every time; you get to decide how the action sequences are played out and what strategies the protagonist uses to get through the obstacles they encounter.
Technically the Earth isn't a sphere. It's round, but not perfectly spherical; it s radius isn't the same at every part of the globe.
Reminds me of a messed up joke I once heard: "Have you ever tried Ethiopian food? Neither have they"
At first I thought you said the first thing he knows how to make is Doggy Chow.
You buy panties for your son? 0_o
She thought she was too important to do laundry but not too good to sleep surrounded by dirty clothes? If she never intended to wear them anymore, why didn't she just throw them out or (God willing) give them away?
I've been a penny picker-upper since elementary school; I have little upper body strength but make up for it by having very powerful legs.
Cinderella: "Well **excuse** me"
I use flash for online gaming and watching Youtube. I can't find any free alternatives that could be used to replace it.
There is. One of Dante's circles of Hell is especially for priests who sold indulgences, which were hand-written letters supposedly forgiving your sins on God's behalf. The people in this circle of Hell were buried upside down in the sand with only their feet sticking out of the ground, and their feet were on fire. It was meant to represent a direct reversal of baptism.
The funny thing is that unless you're referring to John Wayne Gacy that wasn't his real name. The actor known as John Wayne was actually named Marion Mitchell Morrison. He used the stage name John Wayne, probably because it would be hard for a cowboy named Marion to be taken seriously.
I need to start buying a different brand of chocolate milk mix 0_o.
Ever notice how creditor rhymes with predator?
That may be true for a bachelor's degree, but one thing I learned in one of my first economics classes is that you shouldn't bother getting a master's or doctorate for the sake of salary. The increase in salary from bachelor's to master's isn't worth the extra effort, nor is the increase from master's to doctorate. Unless you NEED a master's or doctorate for your dream job, a bachelor's degree will be just fine.
"In case of emergency, use hammer to break glass. Break glass to get hammer"
Actually it was a silver color; it looked like it was made out of some kind of metal foil.
Was anybody buying it when she was acting out at Thanksgiving, or did they all know she was faking it?
Who?
Don't forget "If you don't like/share to show your support you are a horrible person"
Tell that to Indiana Jones.
I prefer the moving fortress type of character myself; they're super slow and lumbering but have so much sheer bulk that everything you throw at them just bounces right off.
Amazing how you could get your master's degree when you don't know how to read. I specifically stated in the last sentence of my post "Unless you NEED a master's or doctorate for your dream job, a bachelor's degree will be just fine."
He tried using whiskey but it ended up blowing off part of the underside of the vehicle because it was apparently too strong.
I thought the problem was that it was too effective and the car couldn't handle it. Guess the Delorean was a lightweight.
But the Delorean had only been buried for a few months, maybe a year. Would it have gone bad in that amount of time? Sorry if this is a stupid question; I'm not too car savvy.
Whenever I hear the name Notre Dame I picture Quasimodo.
I read it as Bernie Mastiff.
The inventor of the lie detector lived to regret it, even going so far as to call it a "Frankenstein's monster." Source: Adam Ruins Everything
So, if earwigs crawl into your ears does that mean cockroaches crawl into your...?
It's the largest creature to ever take flight (that we know of). It's one of the creatures that would be epic to see in a Jurassic Park movie but would be extremely hard to really justify them having in the park. They have colossal creatures, they have flying creatures, but to keep a flying creature that immense (giving it enough room to fly comfortably) would require a bird cage that would take up a very large chunk of the island.
Your pants would have pockets so tight that it's impossible to take anything out or put anything in without standing up.
Chairman Drek from the original Ratchet and Clank. Also, Sephiroth (in the Kingdom Hearts games; I've never played the Final Fantasy games)
I never had a hard time beating her. Just use her own strength against her by countering Rollout with Rage.
That's nothing. In Sapphire version I had an epic win against Norman. His first Slaking and Vigoroth took a lot out of Swampert, and his second Slaking finished it off, along with everyone else in my team except my level 13 Shroomish. Slaking was level 31, had just wiped out 5 of my team members, and still had almost full health, so I was sure I was doomed. I ended up using Leech Seed when he was loafing around, and managed to avoid letting him use any moves (he seemed to be out of everything but Focus Punch, which of course I was able to easily prevent by using Absorb and Bullet Seed). Norman even used a Hyper Potion, but I was still able to keep hitting again and again while avoiding all of his moves until I finished him off. Shroomish grew 3 levels as a result.
Rollout is a Rock-type move, so Gastly wouldn't be immune to it anyway.
Ah yes, Sin Harvest, Sephiroth's ultimate move. Here's the scary part: It's not a 1HP 0 MP move; it's a 100% kill move. The only reason you always survived with 1 HP left was because of a skill gained from one of the boss battles (heck if I remember which one). That's what I've heard at least.
I never lost to Xigbar, but I got very close. The first time I played through KH2 I attempted to use drive to turn into Master Mode (I forget if it's mode or form) against him; that was when I unlocked Final Mode. The second time I played through I attempted to use drive to turn into Master Mode against him; I turned into Anti Mode. I barely survived long enough for it to wear out so I could heal. The only members of Organization XIII who gave me any trouble were Demyx and Xemnas.
You forgot Luxord.
I once defeated the Phantom at the point where both Peter Pan and Donald were gone and Sora's death countdown was down to 1.
Ditto, except I was 13.
Xaldin was a total pushover for me. I've never understood why everyone thinks he's so tough.
I'd say Cyndaquil is easy mode for Johto. Cyndaquil is super effective against 3 of the gym leaders (Bugsy, Jasmine, and the ice guy). Totodile and Chikorita are super effective against 0 of the Johto gym leaders. Gym 1: Chikorita has a disadvantage, nobody has an advantage Gym 2: Cyndaquil has an advantage, Totodile is neutral, Chikorita has a disadvantage Gym 3: nobody has an advantage or a disadvantage except Cyndaquil's weakness to Rollout Gym 4: nobody has an advantage or a disadvantage Gym 5: Nobody has an advantage or a disadvantage Gym 6: Cyndaquil has an advantage, Chikorita has an offensive disadvantage (since its moves aren't very effective), and Totodile is neutral Gym 7: Cyndaquil has an advantage, Totodile has a defensive advantage, and Chikorita has a disadvantage Gym 8: Everybody has offensive disadvantages In short, Cyndaquil is easy mode; Chikorita is for badass trainers.
Demyx was the tough one for me. Xigbar wasn't too big of a problem for me.
It's just so cliche to default for the Fire-type. Just because fire is often portrayed as a mighty force of destruction doesn't mean it's inherently better than the alternatives. Think of how badass the Water and Grass starters have been in the past: Blastoise, Feraligatr, Sceptile, Torterra, Samurott, Chesnaught and Greninja are all awesome in concept if not in actual stats (I don't worry about EVs and all that stuff; it overcomplicates things and makes the game less fun for me).
A honey badger is more badass than an alligator?
Sadly I must agree. Meganium has basically no variety when it comes to what types of moves it can learn, even now when we've moved all the way up to gen 6. It learns almost no moves that have much power and aren't either Grass or Normal-type. Now, if you use it for defense it could be useful, but it's got very little to work with in terms of attack power.
Makes me appreciate Unova more. The first gym had 3 leaders, and the one you face was the one who was super effective against your starter. The second gym was Normal-type. They didn't give any starter special treatment until they hit gym 3 with the Bug-types.
Actually no it doesn't. This is a case of a 1-way type advantage. Ice does a lot of damage to Grass, but Grass isn't super ineffective against Ice. It's like how Rock and Ground attacks do normal damage against Water-types even though Water attacks are super effective against both of them.
You're never too old for Pokemon. If you find something entertaining, why should you care if you're not in the target demographic? The idea that you can be too old for some kind of program/media is purely a social construct, and if you accept that fact you'll discover all sorts of awesome things that you had never even considered trying before.
I remember when Pokemon was first starting out. I was in Kindergarten when it came to the US, and watched until shortly after the Kanto League. Then, my brother's friend told us that Digimon was way better so we abandoned all our Pokemon stuff (burned our cards, destroyed the 2 VHSs we owned, etc) and got into Digimon. Only a few years later when they were halfway though Johto did it occur to us that we could be fans of Digimon AND Pokemon at the same time. We promptly got back into it and I've been hooked ever since. My brother just has a passive interest in it.
I usually have 1 or 2 Pokemon on my team as tanks, but have the rest of my team use various alternate strategies. As I explained to someone else in another comment, in my first run on Sapphire my level 13 Shroomish ended up saving me from Norman's last Slaking after it had defeated my other 5 team members. I just managed to figure out the best pattern to exploit, using Leech Seed when Slaking was loafing around and using Absorb and Bullet Seed every turn after that so he couldn't use Focus Punch. A level 13 basic Pokemon beating a level 31 fully evolved Pokemon; it was a good day for me.
How exactly did everybody find out about this?
I never cared for American Idol; what I'm sad about is Mythbusters ending.
That's what pisses me off about horror movies. If they start with a group of X number of men and Y number of women and any of them are still alive at the end at least one survivor will be female. They never have where the lone survivor is male but they have no problem having the lone survivor be female; the only way a male character is going to survive is if a female one does as well.
Admittedly part of what I'm worried about is the Curse of Lauren Faust. Apparently, every show ever developed by Lauren Faust has ended up lasting exactly 6 seasons. At least that's what I've heard.
What's a priest's favorite form of TV? Pray per view.
That is another concern of mine. They've changed the dynamic so much it barely feels like the same show I fell in love with back in season 1. They just can't seem to pick a plot and stick with it: Season 1: Twilight learning about friendship and writing letters to Celestia about her findings. Season 2-3: Everypony learning lessons about friendship and writing letters to Celestia about them. Season 4: The mane six keeping a journal of their experiences. Season 5: The map sending them to solve various friendship problems. What really bugs me about this is they seem oblivious to the fact that just because a new plot element is introduced does not mean you have to/should forget the previous one ever existed. Why did they completely stop writing to Celestia when Twilight became a princess? Why did they abandon the journal when they found the map? Why not continue using the old plot elements while adding the new ones?
I only know that because of an episode of The Magic School Bus. Funny how facts you learn from cartoons stick with you better than ones you learn in the classroom.
Sombra didn't give up; he was blasted to oblivion.
People who buy into diet fads. "Ew, you got the normal brand? It's not gluten free" "Yeah, because I don't have Celiac disease"
I hate both of them. I've always hated dark colored sodas, from root beer to Dr. Pepper to Coke. However, I'm a big fan of lemon lime sodas, with few exceptions.
Here's the problem with the gluten free thing: It was good at first as a way for people who really are gluten sensitive to get more varieties of food options, but then a bunch of people who are not gluten sensitive started seeing foods being advertised as gluten free and assumed it meant that gluten was a bad thing. Gluten is found in wheat, which is literally the first thing human beings ever cultivated for food. If gluten was some horrible thing that everyone needs to avoid we would have figured that out several thousand years ago.
Now THAT is what I call parenting. Not being downright abusive, but also not constantly acting like your kids are precious snowflakes who could never do anything wrong.
I think you just found a great piece for the next "What's the most pretentious thing you've ever heard?" thread that comes up. There was one a few days ago, so the next one will probably be in a day or two.
Fortune cookies, attributed to China but invented in California.
Elmer season!
This is part of why I hate the fact that I was born and raised in the US. Everything is served in immense portions. I know very well that human beings can and do survive on much smaller diets than I do, but if I tried to cut down to a healthy diet I'd feel like I'm starving to death because my body has grown and adapted to such a high calorie diet. It would inevitably readjust to the new low calorie diet, but the transition would be miserable.
Sounds like you're bragging to your buddies. "I rock, dude!"
Reminds me of an episode of Robot Chicken. They did a quick gag based on the Peanuts. (I don't know many of their names) Girl 1: I love geography day! I got Italy. Girl 2: I got Russia. Charlie Brown: I got Iraq...
Sounds more like a voodoo curse to me.
I can't read this out loud without sounding like a caveman.
Fuggeddaboutit.
I'm American and I've always heard it pronounced "care-um-el." I've only seen it pronounced "Car-mul" on TV. Of course, however you pronounce it, I still hate it.
That's the name of one of the aliens in Ben 10. [this one](http://vignette4.wikia.nocookie.net/ben10/images/d/d3/UltimateAlienChamAlien.png/revision/latest?cb=20140722161213)
He can't use magic? Or he's full of coffee?
That's a bit of an extreme slippery slope assumption to make. There's a big difference between making a kid sit out 2 activities (which means they didn't even have to sit out all of the activities) for saying an impolite word and suspending a kid for being beaten up. Punishing a kid who gets bullied is blatant victim-blaming; punishing a kid for doing something they didn't know they weren't supposed to do is teaching them that they shouldn't do it.
Wow, such a xenophobic generalization really isn't helping your case. You're EXACTLY the one who's going to assist in the creation of miscreants because you promote letting kids do whatever impolite things they want without punishing them for anything. That kind of enabling behavior makes kids think they can do whatever they want without consequence, which leads to them growing up to be pretentious snobs with a sense of entitlement that makes Narcissus look positively altruistic.
Now, I'm normally on the side of "spare the rod, spoil the child," but this is one case where the teacher was horribly failing to deliver adequate discipline. Discipline is supposed to teach kids not to do bad things, but if you don't tell them what the bad thing was in the first place they won't know to avoid doing it again. This is a case where disciplining a child really isn't teaching them anything but to hate authority.
Ignorance of the law is no excuse, and the sooner kids learn that the better.
We have birds known as boobies and great tits, so I wouldn't put it past ornithologists to name a species of bird dildo.
When we first moved into our current house we lost a cat to coyotes, so now we don't let our cats out at night. We had an outdoor cat for over a decade (she died recently) and even then we made sure to bring her into the atrium at night.
6 form? Great, now there's another term for school systems outside the US that I didn't know about. Here we just have Elementary School, which is from Kindergarten-5th or 6th grade (different school districts set it differently), followed by Middle School in 6th or 7th-8th grade, and ending with High School from 9th-12th. I'm not counting college because that's where it gets more complicated with tuition and actual applications and all that stuff the others don't have.
Why would you need a scholarship to go to High School? I thought tuition was only for college and that everything before that was free for everyone.
I hate that they've gone back to using the old one. Yeah, make fun of dysfunctional marriages; that's always funny.
There's a big difference between sugar and gluten. Eating too much sugar can lead to various health problems, mainly weight gain. Eating too much gluten causes... nothing. One big difference is that you can't become gluten sensitive by not going easy on the gluten in your diet, whereas you can become diabetic if you don't go easy on the sugar. I'm not saying you're going to die if you ignore gluten; I'm saying going gluten free is pointless if you're not gluten sensitive. It doesn't make any difference one way or another, except that everything is more expensive.
"WHERE'S THE BEEF?!?"
You had recess in middle school? (haven't clicked "load more comments" yet, so I apologize if someone beat me to asking this)
Not trying to be the devil's advocate here, but how can they punish anyone for a fight that took place off school grounds? If it's not on school property, I would think the only people who should get involved are the parents and, if it's really bad, police. Unless you're outside of school for a field trip, the fight took place outside the principal's area of jurisdiction and, as such, I don't see how it was any of his business.
In 3rd grade I got a stern talking to at school after having a fight with a 4th grader about half a mile from school. We had been in an argument on the playground, but since we couldn't fight at school we decided to fight after school on the lawn of a church. Apparently a parent of another student was driving by and saw this, so they reported it to the school. The school claimed that it doesn't matter if we're not on school grounds; according to them we're in their jurisdiction from the time we leave for school in the morning to the time we get home. We weren't punished because the administration believed that we didn't know that, so we were let off with a warning.
What the hell? Does the school literally believe they own these students?
Isn't a seizure basically what happens when too many neurons activate at the same time? So you wouldn't even need it to go all the way to 100% to be in excruciating agony.
Why would it need to melt the steel beams? They were being struck by a freaking passenger plane; pretty sure they wouldn't need to melt to come crashing down.
Highway to Hell
Is that the one from Big Hero 6?
Really? Wow, TIL.
