If you really want to find why people quit you can just put up a strawpoll, as long as you format the questions right.
Maybe ask any who quit and then returned? Would still not be an ideal crowd, but you will have more people.
Also Garden of Terror is the same world as Dragon Knight. You can see the Dragon Knight statue at the top of the Garden.
Many foreigners ruined their bodies because of starcraft. Carpel tunnel is very common. It might not be to the same extent, but injuries happen in all sports, in all levels.
I doubt most people's faces would bear any expression.
Just think about your face when you type anything, be it a "lol" type comment, or an angry one. You only have to see your own face as you write comments to see how probably others do it. In fact expressions happen for a very short time, and to think that someone continually keeps their expression for the whole comment is absurd. Furthermore, people may be upset or smirking while writing something, but having an extreme emotional experience come from reading something on the web is pretty rare I'd presume, and even then writing something while laughing or trembling with rage is probably pretty hard.
You presume that most people's days are ruined, or even harmed a bit because of losing, while you can't really know that. It is a game after all, and if you're not having fun while losing as well (maybe to a lesser extent, but still), then you're playing the wrong type of game imo.
SI-7 Agesnt would be almost as good, so it's not like the chances were that abysmal.
Going for a lot of heals and taunts would then make you super strong, and doesn't really take a lot of thought too. Something like ramp druid would work wonders.
0.25 it used to be 1, but they changed it.
I rather Al'ar to be its own card, so it can be more complex.
It's obviously a possibility, but I doubt there would be such map soon.
Probably not so terrible in decks with minimal amount of spells like Zoo.
Why does it have to be a white guy? Would a black rich guy know more about Detroit because he is black? Why include race into this?
As a rank 1 lvl 20 murky main I disagree. You can get kills many times if you have some sort of support, Murky is capable of much more damage than people realize many times. Your regeneration also means that you can do some damage and back off. Sometimes you die because of overextention, but the push potential, and the possible kills or forced hearthstoning is worth it imo.
Of course dying without an actual reason is bad, I just commented on your ending comment, as imo you should fight most of the times as murky.
I go block, Living the, large pufferfish, grab, 35% extra damage on the pufferfish, pufferfish makes slime, and rewind. Always the same build. It is based on the combo, killing 1 person at a time. Being 1v2 I stay low and simply try and kill minions while not in range of the 2 players, if they are ranged. If they are melee I try and slowly take away hp with slime while not overextending. Egg is always between the gate and fort, it's a good place vs cloakers and cannot be hit easily from outside. Lategame I move the egg a lot normally, although I'd say as a rule of thumb it's better not to be greedy with the egg, although a lot of times I can't help it. Team fights I dive in normally. I try to split them up, and if they don't then they take a lot of damage. Try and have your egg nearby so you can suicide multiple times in a fight.
I like the 1st ling sent so the PF won't target the banes on the way, it was really smart!
This is probably due to pressure by the Druze in the Golan Heights. Since many of them have family in Syria they want help sent to them.
I am Israeli myself, but this is just what I heard. There are so many people suffering, to urge to help a specific group probably comes from personal reasons.
Brood war skills definitely transferred more than WC3's ones did, as macro is more important than ~~macro~~ micro most of the times.
I meant that macro is more important than micro. The macro aspect is pretty similar compared to the micro. Indeed SC2 is much smoother than the older games in that aspect. Macro most of the times is more important as having more units can make a huge difference sometimes, while microing rarely has the same effect.
Ye I love archon mode.
Fastest turn is Turn 2 Pint Size summoner. (costs 2) Turn 3 Portal. (costs 3) Turn 4 portal. (costs 1) Turn 5 Jaraxxus. (costs 4)
Could be special shells that are infused with Psi or something. This is why it takes energy to use it.
While I agree, the way they do it is different than EA for example. Blizzard would never release a new game/expansion every year simply as a cash grab. Blizzard builds on a loyal fanbase which exists due to the quality of the games. Lately it is less so, but it's still much better than other huge gaming companies.
The tension has eased and increased many times. There were times of war and times where peace seemed relatively close, it's just that it never went over the right edge sadly.
During the war.
It depends on how good the new drone is. If it was really helpful making 1-2 Ghosts for support might have been good.
The cartels ARE criminals, they are not a nation. Mexico has it's government which is separate from the drug cartels.
Of course, but while Blizzard is owned by them they don't practice the same methods. Just look at the SC2 expansions. If Blizzard wanted they could probably release both year after year, with lower quality. Blizzard has a reputation and anytime they don't follow it it backfires, so I surmise that they will continue producing quality content instead of content in quantity.
D3 I agree was a mess, but while I don't play it anymore I think people are mostly satisfied from the changes Blizzard enacted. On heroes while it is obvious Blizzard is trying to milk money from the customers, they are also bringing a quality new product. Heroes is a very good game, and Blizzard listens to the community about it so I don't think it's comparable to any normal EA behavior. Blizzard charges a lot, but brings fun and innovative games out. I find that a fair deal.
What is your point? SC2 is a quality game. Its decline comes from various reasons, foremost in that it is already 5 years old. I don't think that if Blizzard rushed the expansions the game would be more popular.
Attacking a soldier while wearing civilian cloths is a war crime. Whether it is terrorism or not is debatable, but I would consider it such.
Well the murder at hand was done not by an Israeli civilian, but by a Palestinian. If he was a member of Hamas/other terror organizations then your comparison is moot, and he probably was. Even if he wasn't a part of any organization which fights Israel, this is not the same as random murders as he had a political goal in mind and the target probably wasn't important besides it being a Jew. In the very least it would be a hate crime, although I think the murder fits the definition of terrorism.
What does SC2 gives? There aren't any rewards besides the leveling which doesn't take a long time to get to max.
2025 hype!
Sadly he still only has the old vampiric talent. Would be insane if he had gotten the extra healing.
You can save cards to use them at the same time so the regen doesn't matter.
Although they are also whales themselves (sort of) so I would say killer whale is also a fitting name.
It's just that Thalnos has a much lesser impact on the game compared to other legendaries. Thalnos instead of Kobold or Loot Hoarder is an improvement, but not as much as a Dr.Boom or a Sylvanas instead of a Boulderfist Ogre.
Of course, i am not saying it should be stronger or anything, as it's already quite powerful for the cost. I am just saying that if you had to choose a 1st legendary I doubt most would choose Thalnos, as even though he is better than many other legendaries, his effect on the game is limited due to his low cost.
If you have fun doing it, it shouldn't matter if other people find it fun. If you are not enjoying it though then you should stop doing it and switch to quick match.
Heh, we murlocs live in sunny beaches unlike the gloomy dungeons nerubians reside in, and it definitely affects our mood!
Starcraft is already a major part of the game, I doubt anyone who plays Heroes doesn't know about SC.
I am pretty sure Carbot will deliver, so it's not the same. And if people want to spend money on an arcade game they won't play much it's their money and their right to do what they want with it. It might be silly to you, but to some it's worth it.
I have been following this mod for a long time on the TL forums and the attitude was present in all times by many people. I don't judge a whole community by 1 person, nor I do so by many people from that community. And yet, many who play Starbow came to do so because they got fed up with SC2, or dislike it for any reason but still want to play, and those people make me dislike the mod since it brings hate upon the original game, be it justified hate or not. I am fine with the mod existing, but don't try and make it that the "war" began by the Starbow haters, as even before the common SC2 folk knew about the mod hate was spew.
My peeve is not that people who play Starbow like to compare it to SC2, but that many times when they do so they claim their opinions as facts. And of course, it's not that I dislike the mod, it's simply its community whom I have a gripe with, which in turn pulls me away from the mod.
Sadly the vocal minority makes it seem like it's a bigger problem than it is, but I am sure most Starbow players have similar attitudes to yours.
It's fine to have your opinion, but coming here and trying to sway people into your "side" does the opposite. In your comment you only whine about Starcraft instead of saying what is good about Starbow. I love SC2, and to come here and say that it sucks would just make me ignore you.
While the joke is funny, the charge is super slow compared to judgement, so I doubt it will have the same impact.
There are over 8 million Israelis, some love America, some hate it, most have no strong opinion. I think it's wrong to say such a large group of people has any unified opinion as it is almost certainly wrong.
Israel was founded in 1948. Most people who live in Israel and Palestine nowadays were born after everything started. There are definitely at least some differences between Israeli Arabs and Palestinians. As an Israeli, for Israeli Jews there is a clear difference between how we perceive Arab citizens or West Bank and Gaza inhabitants. Israeli Arabs buy, work and live besides the Jewish population. There might not have been any difference in 1948, but today Arabs who live in Israel are different to those who don't, as their culture mixed with that of the Jewish population. The laws too of course work differently for Israeli citizens than other people, as it is with most countries.
I didn't say most, just that there are many. Even 30% of the population is a large chunk of people and saying that Palestinians are anything is wrong. There are many who want violence just the same there are many who want peace.
Generalizing is still bad. Even if the majority shares an opinion it's wrong imo to say that they all share it. Like any group, some Palestinians want peace while others do not.
I am pretty sure you can play with 3 int. At least in 3.5 you could. 1 and 2 are for animals, but 3+ is sentient.
Would work great in rogue too. For Vancleef, Auctioneer or just as a combo enabler.
It is sad that people view these extremists as representatives of the left. It's probable that even most of Meretz are nothing like B'Tselem, and most of the left are more moderate than Meretz. The vast majority of the Israeli left condemns practices like this. Extremists are a bane to society, and blanket statements and views only strengthen them.
Some individuals in the far left do. There are always people who label all members of a different group as the same; this is probably true in any group that is large enough. You can't honestly claim most leftists use blanket statements. By claiming that you yourself are using a blanket statement. There are idiots everywhere and it's important to identify them and separate them from other people who share similar views on a specific topic. I have a problem with B'Tselem too, as I do with all extremists. You shouldn't conflate them with the rest of the left, if you want to lessen the chasm between the right and left.
Starfall would probably still be balanced though, as it costs 1 more mana than it should be anyways for either option.
Unless you're druid and has savage roar or shaman with bloodlust.
I'd say too many backstabs is a thing, since you can't use 2 on the same minion. I'd say though, that most classes would want to run more copies of certain cards, as it would vastly improve consistency. Running multiple copies would also probably be game-changing because of certain cards being a lot stronger than others with the same mana-cost. Druid being able to run more Dranassus Aspirants and Innervates would be insane to deal with, for example.
Freeze mage doesn't run summoning stone now, why would they if more than 2 cards per deck was possible? I presume that in such a situation they would just run more fireballs and iceblocks, slowly killing the opponent while delaying death for 1 more turn.
Israel is not an Islamic state. &gt;an islamic country where females, homosexuals, etc. are able to enjoy the same liberty, norms and values as the rest of the population. In Iran *you* might have felt safe, but homosexuality is illegal and women have less rights than men. I am not sure about Jordan and Turkey.
Of course, it's not like people treated women and gays well before Islam came to be too. Religion can be used as an excuse for unethical actions, but it is rarely the true motive.
But it's from private people, not the government. I don't see the issue. Are you saying people who support slavery, rape, etc should not be condemned? In Iran saying certain things will get you arrested while in the US the punishment is not institutionalized and so may or may not arrive as it depends on the local population. Furthermore, any punishment will obviously not be physical or else the police will defend the person.
Yes, but probably because it is in Israel. If it was in Denmark for example they probably wouldn't have asked for censorship.
It was revolutionary in eSports terms, not gameplay ones. I agree that in that regard it's pretty similar to SC1, although the main difference is that most of the design is intentional while Brood War mainly worked well in high levels because of bugs and limitations of the time. SC2 doesn't have too many new features gameplay wise, but it improved so much from the past games and from when it started that it's almost revolutionary imo, compared to the competition at least. Revolutionary might be too big of a word, but the concept remains that it raised the bar for competitive RTS games and created a basis for how a modern RTS should be designed.
In Starcraft 2 about half of the people who buy the game never touch the multiplayer, according to Blizzard. The campaign is definitely fit for anyone. The multiplayer too is split between the competitive part and the casual side. There is a large chunk of the playerbase that only played co-op (2 or more players vs the AI) or Arcade games (various types of minigames made using the game's editor). Imo RTS is a genre that can be enjoyed by an abnormally large amount of playertypes, compared to other genres like RPG, MOBA, etc.
Have you played SC2? It's vastly different from SC1. When it was released they were more similar, but after 2 expansions the game has a very unique feel. The reason SC2 dominates the genre is that it's an incredibly polished game, with relatively great balance between vastly different factions. It might not have entirely new concepts, but SC2 made improvements to many areas of previous games.
SC2 has many custom games. This mod was just released for example: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iay_Bmg-6Dw If you are talking about normal 1v1 only not in a ranked matchmaking, there is now an unranked mode which is way more casual than normal ladder, while still matching relatively even opponents.
HotS was definitely easier than the other 2 campaigns, but if you wanted to overcome a challenge you could have played on brutal.
The system is different and nowadays you can find a match for many games. For the less popular ones you possibly won't find a match during off-hours, but because of the new "open games" most of the time even a brand new custom map will eventually get enough players. The system works similarly to the lobby system in WC3 only you can't name the lobbies. The Arcade is free to play, you just have to install SC2. You should try it. Blizzard really fixed the horrible old system.
Well if it's harder than you potentially need to find a better combination of units to overcome it, thus requiring the usage of more of the cool tools you are given.
Personal data has little value when discussing general statistics, especially as the system tries that everyone has a 50% overall winrate. Ladder stats have to be adjusted based on MMR because of that.
I remember reading that about half the players who buy SC2 never touch the multiplayer, so there are many people who see enough value in the campaign.
Beast hunter is super fun. Turn 1 coin call pet into a 4 drop beast or turn 2 highmane is insane. It's not super consistent but when it works it's amazing.
The vast majority of people, refugees and migrants too, are not raping and mugging people. The peaceful ones are not to blame for the violent ones.
Well America doesn't count, no one knew about it when they made the prophecy.
Yes, then it would have a much larger chance of surviving. Think how many times you are able to clear armorsmith turn 1. Turn 2 or 1 with coin would be insane as any 3/2 played vs it would have a 50% of dying immediately. I think it would be played as a 1/3 2 mana, and wouldn't be too hard to clear.
To be fair Gruul grows every single turn while Shade only grows on your turn. If Gruul is somehow not removed then he spirals out of control super fast, which is a thing Shade cannot do.
It would really suck if they removed Nydus. I doubt it will ever be popular but I mainly pick it as it's such a special way to play the hero. Because the way the game works where teamfights are the most important part Nydus probably cannot be changed so it will be a common pick while also not OP on certain maps, so I think a 3rd heroic would be a great option here. It would allow for more build diversity for Zagara while not removing a unique, if niche playstyle she has.
In QM I do it on every map. In HL it depends on the comp. If they have a lot of stuns or knockbacks, or if our comp relies on Maw to win fights then I take Maw. I think Nydus works on every map except perhaps the new 1 where pushing matters much less. There are obviously some maps where Nydus works better, but it gives enough utility for sustained fights that imo it can be worth it even for maps where 5v5 teamfights occur regularly.
Do you not think it's fine to be angry about someone calling an investigation about the actions of Israel defending against knife attacks while no one is calling for investigation about the PA supporting the attacks? Why is Sweden not condemning the attackers who are responsible for the recent surge of violence?
The recent wave of attacks is not because of the occupation, it's because of false rumors that Israel is going to allow non-Muslim to pray in Al-Aqsa/destroy the mosque. That is why many of the stabbers are Israeli citizens who live besides the Jewish population, as their cause is religious, not merely political.
The recent surge of violence is not tied back to anything in a direct manner. There is no justification that you appear to search for. Sweden is being hypocritical.
It depends on the country, there are massive differences between certain states. Also it's not only the laws, it's the culture too. For example sexual harassment is illegal in Egypt but over 95% of the women there reported they have experienced it in one form or another.
Well obviously sexual harassment happens everywhere, but the situation is much better in western countries. The western culture is less accepting of sexual harassment than other cultures do. There are no honor killings in western nations, women are not forbidden from going out at public without a head scarf, and can do the same things as men can without needing a male guardian. I am not saying all Muslim countries are this regressive, but there are no Muslim countries with true equality afaik. Btw who is these other "guys" you are talking about? I represent only myself.
In my opinion 1949 is ancient history, so everything that happened before that doesn't matter. History didn't start at a certain date, you can't just disregard something by saying it's ancient.
The problematic one is the one early in the morning that wakes you up. It's kinda bullshit that people have to suffer waking up in the morning when they don't have to because of someone else's tradition.
They do wherever there is a large Muslim population, which is there is none of in Tel Aviv. Israel is not only TA though.
Worse when nearing fatigue. Also reveals your decktype somewhat, which could be worse for you than your opponent, depends on the deck and card revealed.
You claimed the reason PA is failing is because of "apartheid", but in truth it is because of corruption, which Vaders pointed out.
There are actually many people who rarely play, or even never play, but watch tournaments. I personally know many people like that. That said, I agree the game has to be fun to play first before being fun to watch.
That sounds amazing. Perhaps every now and a then some dps will over-aggro and you will be able to attack them for a short while.
I would like WoW2 to be in the decently far future. There is relative peace after Legion, and WoW2 happens right when a new war is brewing. They could introduce many new characters while reducing the power level of heroes to a minimum, creating better stories potentially.
Having more programmers won't necessarily make the actual content come faster. Forgot the name of the law for it.
I would prefer if they would shake it even further by scattering the factions. No more Alliance vs Horde, or at least less so. Make it so each race feels more important than the union to the player from that race.
Why not both? Would make having a weapon early game much more likely.
I can't speak for OP, but anyone who is specifically anti-Israeli, rather than against the idea of nation states in general, is either misinformed or a bigot. It's also possible that person has another motive, such as his or her country is at war/hostile toward Israel for one reason or another, and then that person is biased. I believe in this way because it is hypocritical to say you're against Jews having a nation while not denouncing all the other nation states. Similarly people who protest the occupation should also do the same boycotts and rallies against all other nations that control occupied territories, like Tibet of China or Turkish Cyprus.
The Marauder will definitely be Swan, his in-game appearance is exactly that.
Thanks, that sucks.
That is the core feature of the marauder, so I would assume so.
Unless someone has cleanse in your team.
Double W is the most common choice, since the second half is amplified by the lvl 13 talent as well.
I would hope they would fix for consistency and since the talent is pretty weak currently, although it's always nice to remove an envenom or double Kael's chain bomb.
The difference between Mehtan and the nephalem is probably about the same as the difference between Reghar and Thrall, so it's not that big of a deal. The actual power level of the character doesn't really matter.
Nothing is clear cut except the the concept that nothing is clear cut, that concept is definitely clear cut.
The Palestinians never governed themselves though, it was the Ottomans and then the British.
You just have to convince someone important to send some to stop it from happening while you are stopping it from happening.
9/11
Spellbender can't stop burgle, it only switches targets on spells targeted at minions.
Nangz's comment pretty much does. &gt;if spellbender went first How can it go first if it isn't activated by burgle?
Nevermind I misunderstood the comment.
All people who are not Japanese are not welcome. They frown upon all people who are the same race as theirs. Also it probably isn't equal, as is some kinds of people are less welcome than others.
I am not, I am just saying that in general Japan is pretty racist.
What does being evil has anything to do with the game? You can play Deathwing or as Gul'Dan already.
Tychus has bolt, but he is just weak atm.
Does Varian working for Garrosh fit? Lore is just for flair.
How about Magni equipping Gorehowl? Yes it is a skin but the point is that the game does not take itself seriously. Using an evil form is not a big deal at all.
That sounds really cool, my concept for it: D - Reduce CC effects by 33%, activate to take 25% less damage for a short while. Q - Fire breath, similar to the DK Q. W - Close range cone that is a minor version of the DK's knockback. E - Charge at target dealing massive damage. R1 - Increase maximum HP by a small amount and attack against non-heroic targets by a lot for some time. R2 - Summon dragon, similar to Sindragosa only deals more damage, no slow and leaves the ground burning for some time.
Soldiers are there to protect against armed attacks. Knife attacks killed many people in the last months and you can't really expect soldiers to try and care for the attackers while they are trying to murder soldiers or civilians right? If someone tried to murder another person then they are a combatant, not a civilian.
In order for order to remain the state has to have a monopoly on justice. Justice is subjective, so the only way to keep the peace is by allowing the government to do its job, and to follow the rules, even if you disagree with them. If everyone dispensed their version of justice there would be chaos and the world would be a horrible place to live in.
I don't think constant activity is important for a singleplayer game like Diablo. It is a very fun game, and that is what matters. Competitive players who compete for the ladder generally play multiplayer games, so it makes sense there are many people who only play casually and occasionally.
Ah, I thought you meant people were inflicting their sense of justice on PEGIDA by burning their cars. I actually barely know anything about this group, but if they won't find justice with the police then they should try to expose the corruption rather than take matters to their own hands. The state is composed of the people, and the best way to solve issues long term is to get rid of the corruption in the system. Vigilantism might work better short term, but it only creates more problems in the long run.
Stun is much more valuable than knockback, but I get your point.
Just saying it is a controversial feature, and that saying that this map would be accepted by all is silly. Even the best maps ever made have many haters, so it is naive to think that any map could be put into the ladder without complaints. Balance is also quite tricky, and without actual playtesting of the highest caliber it's almost impossible to know how the map will turn out.
Easiest thing is to add a slow, although that is not really interesting too.
When someone makes a claim it is they who should give a source, not the ones who say that claim is a myth.
It is a handicap if you want to be competitive. I absolutely have more fun playing alone in Diablo. Anyways what I meant that it is a PvE game, so a healthy pool of people with various skill levels is less important as there is no matchmaking.
Murky is great on any map where the enemy is split, or where there is a channeled objective where you can harass the opponents. Towers of Doom, the desert map and Cursed Hollow are great Murky maps for this. Battlefield of Eternity is also good for Murky since you can take Slime Advantage at 7 and destroy the immortal very quickly.
It's not about the actual danger, but that you feel like the people around you care. In France the government cares much less about its Jewish population than does Israel's government. The actual chance to be stabbed is very low in Israel too, but what matters is the feeling of safety.
I said exactly that, did you read my comment? The danger is still less in France, but it doesn't matter since in Israel the chance to be hurt is extremely minor as well. I am not blaming the French government, as it obviously will care less than Israel does about the Jewish population of each country, but because it is so it makes French Jews move to Israel.
Hamas is the ruling body of Gaza, and is supported by most Palestinians while the settlers are only a minority in Israel. Israel is better here. Check polls, most Palestinians support the recent wave of violence and don't believe in the two state solution.
Unless you immediately BGH'd it I'd say they were pretty silly as it's still an 8/8 for free on the board.
It's sometimes used in Reno decks, as it's another heal that can be run besides healbot while not disabling Reno.
I would love to see another map in the Graveeper's control. Perhaps a cemetery. It would be cool to explore more of the Nexus's realms so a world of sorts can appear.
Yeah I tried first by reincarnating the Jouster and the Flametongue Totem. Shows just how unused the card is.
Which is pretty decent actually. Probably worth something like 6 mana. Not gamebreakingly OP, but probably good enough to be played. It's just that it's not guaranteed that you will get the 2 1/1s.
It's probable she looked for easier prey but was confronted by the soldier because of suspicion or regular inspection. Of course dying as a martyr is also a good thing for Muslim extremists.
If it has 3 overload it would be a lot worse. Probably almost to the point that many decks wouldn't run it.
Dying to achieve a goal is worth it with Murky. At lvl 1 a single minion gives more exp than a Murky death. I am a lvl 20 Murky too, only I go for the combo build. A lot of times I have the most deaths in the score screen, but it doesn't matter since at early levels it's not a lot of exp, and soaking more than other heroes makes up for it, while lategame the time an enemy hero is dead is worth dying as much as needed. Murky plays completely different than other heroes so there is no need to judge him like you do other heroes.
He might outdie him too!
Yet there is no cause more just than low ping rates.
If you write it they will come (and read it). No idea is unique, it's how you express it that matters.
Tychus getting a PotG beyond the grave via the laser would be pretty swell actually.
There will be some who will only play brawls like that, just like there are many FTP players already who have not and will not spend money on this game. I doubt it will affect many people as limiting yourself to no brawls which have deckbuilding is less fun. I doubt it would change the opinion of anyone who was going to buy packs beforehand, and probably will keep some players who lose a bit of interest in the game.
Holy shit that laugh track is horrendous. It would have been a decent clip without it.
Because making the playerbase enjoy the game more is good for business? I doubt it will have much effect for either side, but if there were more options to play then people would play more, it's pretty simple. Some brawls were really fun and different from regular play. Sometimes I don't feel like playing regular HS but if a specific brawl was playable I might have logged in.
There is a side-option at least for 3.5 to make 1 and 20 not always hit in extreme circumstances by making the -10 and 30 respectively. It just doesn't make much sense for a super heavily armored with insane training to get hit once every 20 attacks by an unarmored weak child.
It's about 10% reduction is mana cost. It's not game-breaking but it should probably allow another round of abilities during long fights. As you said it will help a little, but that might be enough.
Two of his abilities have 12 sec cooldowns. Assuming you spam them when they are out of cooldown, 4 rotations take about a minute. I'd say that during fights it's fine, as fights rarely go over 1 minute. The problem is that then you must go and regen back at base or drink from a well, but that is not the worst. I would like some kind of mana regen talent, perhaps based on kills. Sometimes like regaining 30% of his mana on every takedown would be awesome and allow for a far more aggressive style. Perhaps on lvl 13 or 16, so it's contested with other good talents.
Only a little bit. I know that each area has a slightly different variation, but it doesn't make it a different language.
20 doesn't necessarily mean success. If I roll a 20 trying to move a mountain do I succeed? In the same way a magical lock cannot be broken by mere lockpicking.
Then you will just have another violent party win. Most of the Palestinians support the attacks on civilians.
Are 5 people considered the same as a large chunk of the Palestinian population? There are extremists everywhere and in every faction. The problem is when the "normal" opinion is a terrible one.
Actually the main reason for the recent wave of violence is mostly a rumor about Jews being allowed to pray in Al-Aqsa. A lot of the terrorists interviewed gave that reason for their actions. There is a lot of religion involved here.
I would love to see a WC4 set in the future where most known characters are gone or drastically altered. This can be followed by WoW2 perhaps. Think something like 100 years of relative peace that follows the reconstruction of the world from the invasion. Would grant them a lot more creative freedom than they have now. Another option would be something like the age of the Old Gods, where each playable faction is composed of the minions of an old god. I wouldn't like them just ignoring WoW by setting it in an AU, it would feel kinda cheap.
Perhaps regenerating extra mana while he is being hit? Something like 100% increased mana regen for 3 seconds after being hit could be cool as lvl 7 talent. It would be an interesting choice with piercing Storm Bolt.
Gold is not really the factor here. TLV are just insanely hard to play mechanically-wise compared to all other heroes in the game. The only ones who come close are Rexxar and Abathur. It becomes obvious very quickly whether a person can play a TLV properly, while someone playing Muradin wrong takes time to be realized. Because of this TLV has a reputation that prevents people from playing them unless they are experienced. I do agree that Muradin being a central role makes him more prone to be picked by inexperienced players, but I do think it and the gold cost are just lesser factors. Difficulty in mechanics vs difficulty in knowledge is the main reason for pick differences.
Nah just about 100 years or so, just so almost all of the mortals are dead. The world remained at a similar technological level for 10000 years, so 100 shouldn't make it too different from present-day WoW. Even a slight loss of technology would be nice. Having Advanced guns side by side with swords is kinda weird.
So what if a flying creature becomes unconscious and thus loses fly speed while midair? Do they immediately drop straight down? That is silly. The bear who have about the same fly speed but would lose the ability to maintain height or other uses of being able to fly manually. There is no difference between being thrown and losing fly speed midair.
If your country was being bombed daily with rockets by the ruling body of a neighboring area what would you want your country to do? One option is to live in fear, constantly suffering damages and occasionally loss of lives. (the relative low loss of life is only due to Israel's huge budget meant to make the situation as safe as possible for its citizens. There are shelters in almost every building and the Iron Dome system is highly advances and expensive). The situation for most of the southern cities of Israel was constant alerts and running to the shelters many times a day. This is no way to live. Another option is to eliminate the threats, even if that entails loss of life of the human shields. Israel did try to minimize the amount of civilian casualties is most cases, but if someone is given a warning his house is going to be destroyed but still remains in it then his death is on him or on those that forced him to stay there. In the end Israel is only responsible for its own citizens. The people of Gaza voted Hamas in, and if Hamas's actions cause them to die needlessly then they it's their own fault.
The Palestinians never wanted peaceful or diplomatic actions. The reaction to Israel forming was not discussion but violence. Arabs have massacred Jews long before the occupation began. The only reason checkpoints even exist is because of terrorism. The only reason Gaza is blockaded is because Hamas chose violence. Between Israel leaving Gaza and it being blockaded there was about a year IIRC. Judge both sides equally rather than give excuses to the Palestinians.
So what is your solution to Hamas sending rockets from hospitals, schools and homes full of civilians? Should Israel not react, thus slowly become drained from resources due to Iron Dome's much higher cost than that of a rocket, as well as some of its citizens dying? Either the citizens of Israel suffer for a long time until the country collapses or the rocket launchers are bombed. During the recent war Israel warned those who were about to be bombed by leaflets, calls and small rockets that do no actual harm. How would you do it differently?
It might and it might not have been "fair", but the truth is that the Palestinians did not try to negotiate, they tried to destroy Israel by force. I try to judge both sides equally, but that does not mean the judgment turns out the same, since the sides are not actually equal. The Jewish population would have accepted even 10% of what they got, while the Arab population wasn't fine with anything besides 100%. Even if something is "unfair" someone shouldn't jump to violence, and any excuse for such a behavior will only lead to more of it. You try and claim Arab attacks on Jews are due an occupation, then you say that it was because the situation wasn't fair, but why not just say it's deplorable? Any time the Arabs wished for peace they received it. Israel accepted the partition plan, gave up the Sinai which is an area larger than Israel itself, and accepted peace with Jordan without hesitation. The only reason there is even a somewhat non-violent sect within the Palestinians is that they finally figured that it's impossible to defeat Israel in combat.
You didn't answer my question. You speak as if both sides both want the same thing and are equal in culture and ideology. This view is just very naive. Hamas does not want peace, they seek the destruction of Israel and the death of all Jews. This is not an exaggeration, it's just who they are. It might be hard to accept, but Hamas is using its civilians to gain sympathy from the world. You're basically asking Israel to sacrifice itself for the good of its enemies. Hamas is the most popular party in Palestine. Why should even a single Israeli die so people who wish for Israel to stop existing live? There are no infinite funds also, you can't just use Iron Dome forever. Eventually either Israel would collapse, or it will have to act, which it has. Why do you expect Israel to do everything in its power to save people who do everything in their power to kill Israelis? Why not expect the Palestinians to stop supporting Hamas?
Excellent story only it probably should be Roman gods instead, as I doubt the rise of Rome would have been hindered because of Judaism not existing, and Christianity only came to be in Roman times anyways. Of course the gods are pretty similar to each other only with different names, but still.
Yeah of course, but my point was that the Greek religion wasn't replaced by the Roman one because of Abrahamic religions, so them not existing wouldn't change the transition. The major religion then would be Roman one then, but it's not a huge deal anyways.
Polish. Blizzard creates game that are not necessarily innovative, but that are generally super polished and just great in their field. Warcraft 1 and 2 were just better than the former best RTS games, even though they used the same basic ideas. Starcraft 1 almost perfected asymmetric races. WC3 had an incredible custom game system. WoW was also not unique and was based on classic RPG, but its scale and features were just so well done that it became something even most non-gamers know about. SC2 was the frontrunner of international eSports and dominated twitch for a long time, basically responsible for its popularity. It had some bad features at the start, but Blizzard fixed them over the years. Diablo pretty much invented the action-RPG genre. D3 was a flop at launch, but Blizzard has shown they are not willing to disappoint and today it is an incredible game. Hearthstone is much simpler than Magic the Gathering, but its design is tuned to it being online and the UI and gameplay are easy to understand while not being too shallow. Basically you can count on Blizzard to deliver, even if it might take some time. Their games are good at what they are trying to do and generally have very few bugs compared to their competitors.
The problem is the "rightly so". People might hate others who didn't do anything to do them just because of their affiliation, but that is wrong. To say any reason for bigotry is correct will not solve anything.
That is just being soft. Of course you can condemn them for generalizing if they do. Bigotry is fueled by emotion and immaturity, not being able to separate between an ideology and people who believe in it. Being fine with people acting stupid because they experienced something, no matter how terrible, will only lead to more stupid acting.
I meant also not attack too.
Israeli here, it's not a common name but not that rare either. My name, Hilel, for comparision is much more rare.
Why is the general population having a higher base education a bad thing? A more knowledgeable society is only good.
Making it accessible will lead to more people having it, and a society with higher education levels will advance more quickly than one without. Some people who grow in poverty might have had been able to go to university if it was free, but they simply cannot afford it.
Actually Haifa has public transportation because of old laws from the Ottoman period. There are many laws that were inherited from when the Ottomans ruled the place.
Let's go!
It's worth the read. not a hard book and a really fun one.
If you coined it out it means he has 4 mana so it's basically 4 mana vs 4 mana trade, not that bad.
It doesn't matter, the north honors the oath and once you're a brother you stay that way, and neutral.
Well Abbas and his followers have no power over Gaza, so any progress it has means they are weaker in comparison. It makes sense for them to try and make this seem like a bad thing.
Mirror?
Cancer is a terrible thing. The disease has plagued my family for generations. It was rare for any of my ancestors to live past 50, and so when I learned of this truth I dedicated my life to finding a cure. My entire adult life I have spent in labs, searching for something I knew must be there. I never truly believed I will manage to find a cure, and with each passing year my faith grew thinner as I neared my death sentence. I took no wife, fathered no children, I had pledged my life to the cause. When I turned 46 the cancer was already in advanced stages, yet I had refused to seek outside treatment. I had pushed away all who might be hurt by my demise due to the indomitable cancer. The lab I resided in could have been mistaken for a mad scientist's lair, and in a way it might have actually been one. All sorts of animals were spread around in cages, each suffering from a different kind of cancer. Not a single treatment I tried worked. In some cases the cancer even spread faster than previously. The lab itself was located underground, near a main water line. The noise was hard to bare, but as my funding was cut almost completely I had to endure. The situation was dire for me. I was alone, afraid, and in terrible pain, yet that is not an excuse for what I did next. An idea has sprung into my mind in desperation, since I had failed in defeating the cursed disease, perhaps I could use it for a solution. A new fire burned in my heart. Hope returning from its grave, I worked harder than I did all those years past. It took my a year, seven months and three days to complete my plan. At this point the cancer has spread everywhere withing my body. I knew my days were few in this world. I had no time for proper testing, and so I injected myself with the serum and then activated the devise. It is hard to explain exactly what changes happened in me and to me, but the short explanation is that first the cancer had to be helped, making it spread throughout the body completely, changing all cells to cancer cells. Secondly the devise I have built reprogrammed the changed cells to function without having to die. It took me a while to wake up. I had basically died and was reborn then. I can't say I am the same as I was before the procedure, but the fact that a lot of my body was already made up of cancer cells made the transition less traumatic than it could have been. When I did finally managed to gain consciousness again, I woke in a place vastly different than the one I had been before. It appeared that during my coma an earthquake has hit my lab and most of my equipment was broken. Due to the water line nearby the place was flooded. My new body had to be put to the test immediately. I pushed and worked and after a most painful period of time I have managed to break free into the surface. I did not know how I looked, as the lab was completely dark after its destruction, but I knew I had to get some help. I walked the streets for a while before spotting a person from afar. I shouted to him yet they did not answer. It was only when I came closer that I could see that this was no person at all. A horrid twisted body stood in front of me, eating a fresh corpse of another horrid creature. I ran. It seemed to not follow me, busy with its feeding. I walked a while more before finding a reflective surface. The view that was before me was the same as I saw before. To my horror the transformation I had endured has made me a monster, but it did not explain the other monster. I screamed in pain, asking why everything was all wrong. I had only wanted to live. It was then fire has relieved me from my pain, and I suffered no more.
It's also because a large taunt is better in control decks. A 7/8 taunt on turn 5 is an excellent barrier to the flood of aggro decks, especially since there is no cheap silence anymore. It is not run since 1. there is are no shaman control decks, and 2. in control decks the overload hurts a lot more. If you run mainly little guys then being able to play only 1 instead of 2 is less painful than not being to play anything.
Not need to guess his hero level as it is 63, it says so right there in the picture. It's quite low still.
If they wanted to convey resentment they could have done a close up of her smile faltering for a bit. There should have been a clue for it in the show imo. It's not that hard to show the smile is fake.
She did kill the Frey sons, and I am pretty sure they weren't on the list.
I'd argue that so would be killing any Lannister for her. Especially one that left her father for dead.
And Jaime is responsible for just as much horrible shit. She either only goes for people in her checklist like /u/OozeNAahz said, or there is no reason for her not to go for Jaime as well. She didn't kill him probably because it would have been much harder to do so, not because she only kills people on her list.
Boros was definitely weakened during the fight, he says so himself at one point that he must end it quickly since he is using moves that he normally doesn't.
Play Again! would simply return anyone to full health.
No it only affects basic abilities.
Especially if he is telling you that when you are still at the restaurant.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=76_03o9bEPQ
Aidan is the dark wanderer right? I mean he also was the D1 knight, but that would be a pretty boring idea for a hero imo. In D1 he was pretty uninteresting, not sure how they go and make a kit for him.
Except JUSTICE of course.
Still doesn't make him interesting. I would rather they focus on a cool theme rather than flair or ties. There are many heroes with the whole package that could be brought in first. Characters like Grom, Lady Vash, Vol'Jin, Fenix all have interesting relations while also bringing in cool and unique hero fantasies.
Problem is he is not really Aidan at that point, he is simply Diablo in human form, and we already have him in-game. It could still be done, but it would be a bit weird.
It reminded me a bit of WC3's campaigns, since you had a hero and all.
