One suicide bomber or hijacker can do a lot of damage. Their recruitment won't go to zero ever, and it's not going to significantly diminish for decades at least.
Please, do tell.
Oh so you're saying its a promise from Senator Sanders so subjective as to have no meaning?
Ever heard of the phrase "in your best interest"?
That's not terribly inspiring. I want some of the NSA laws changed, but I also want a "vigorous" defense from terrorism. I'd like to know the specifics of that plan. I have a fairly good idea of where Hillary Clinton falls on the issue, but Sanders has been pretty vague on the details, and most of his supporters (which I count myself among) seem to be fine with that vagueness or just hand wave the issue away. It's disconcerting.
What I'm talking about predates the Taliban and Hamas by 35 years. History didn't start in the 80s.
Pretty sure Wal-Mart accepting all responsibility and paying a large sum of money is a clear enough fact.
I used to work in both the legal and safety departments of a medium sized OTR trucking company. It wasn't a daily occurrence, more like a monthly one. Drivers would cheat their logs, we'd try to catch them and dock their hours if we did. But everyone knew the game, it took a lot to get fired.
But what happened to the guy who pushed him out of the helicopter? It's turtles all the way down!!'
You probably want to delete this, there's more than enough identifying information here to figure out who you are and get your clearance revoked. You might have found it a pain in the ass, but that clearance will earn you quite a bit more salary in your field over your career.
Some people would rather look at high quality posters, fan art, cast lists and photos, plot descriptions and other meta-data while browsing their movie collection, rather than a simple file list (which you can also do with Plex)
Commentator on the right is Toby Huss, currently starring in Halt and Catch Fire on AMC and formally known as [Artie, the Strongest Man...In The World](http://leahlucci.com/starling/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/Artie-And-Pete.jpg)!
&gt; Sorry isn't this obvious? Likely not to your average Comedy Central viewer.
There are hundreds if not thousands of job lists looking for people who already have clearance at certain levels. The background checks and evaluations don't change or expire just because your project ended.
iOS devices are both elegantly designed and nearly fool proof. Most rich people tend to live in areas where they can get personal professional service from either an Apple Store concierge or a certified Apple professional. An iPhone or iPad "just works" with the Mac computers they already own and looks good. Source: worked on iPads and iPhones for a lot of rich people. Only the most geeky and tech savvy Dads use android, and their wives and kids are all on iOS.
Even if that weren't an idiotic statement it's still absolutely incorrect. He killed two innocent civilians first, that's why he was being sought after before he went on to kill more innocent people.
I never understood why people would provide 90% of the equipment and not ask for a producer credit/power. You could shut down production in an instant, sounds like you're the executive producer and this director needs to get in line.
Can you elaborate? Is that 2250/ton one way or round trip? Highest I saw one way was ~1,620/ton
Saddam kept the peace through brutal violence and mass killings. Unless we're prepared to do the same it's probably a lost cause. Iraq should have been split into three countries, one for each of the major ethnic groups. The "nation" of Iraq didn't exist 100 years ago, and we shouldn't be sending people to die to keep it together.
It's been awhile since I've seen someone get owned as hard as you did just did. Thanks for that.
All of the above are great reasons to seek in-patient psychiatric care.
Nothing right now! But if we had some sort of verification mechanism in place it would stop the general public from getting the low-hanging fruit. Anyone in security will tell you that you'll never stop 100% of the leaks, and that the weakest link in your security is almost always the human element. If we could somehow restrict access based on the number of merits someone has earned for Lavigny, that will give them some skin in the game, both in time invested for our benefit and potential punishments if they defect.
Sorry, I don't think I'm acting culty, nor have I said the system is precious. I hope you get the help you need, please look into Medicaid or possibly low-cost insurance options in a Healthcare exchange in your area.
&gt; People will defect, drop and join powers as they see fit down the road, many people will simply farm the faction modules and move on. Most of those people probably won't be reading strats and plans on this sub though, there are plenty of ways to grind for modules without participating in the RP or strategy side of things. I am interested to hear how EVE players handled OpSec though, I know plenty maintained private forums, IRC channels, etc.
I also never said you called it a scam, may have been one of the voices. You could get help with the forms from a social worker if you really wanted to, any of the hospitals in your area could connect you with one.
Part of the answer may be that there *is no way* to do it effectively without killing the faction in its infancy. I do like the idea of elected leadership having a private sub to discuss strategy though, it's worth exploring.
Does this bank have ATMs?
The constitution that enshrined slavery into law, that constitution was your best example of ideal freedom?
Obama had a veto proof majority in the *Senate* for about 3 weeks. He never had one in the House. You bore me.
I work with a lot of rich people, they aren't carrying around suitcases of cash, they still use ATMs. You're weird.
It's the "Nah nah nah, I can't hear you" style of legislating House Republicans are famous for. Let's do the same for the White House! /s
The **only** laws Sanders has gotten passed in the national legislature have been a Vermont post office naming and a Veterans compensation package. I gave the guy $50 but don't play his legislative record as some great bipartisan achievement.
I'm not hating you, but I am judging you. Your idea of "ideal government" includes institutionalized slavery for black Americans, repression of women, forceful removal of lands and property from Native Americans, and no voting rights for non-land holders. So basically you're saying the "ideal government" is one designed to cater only to rich white men. That deserves some judgement, if not scorn.
&gt; I simply believe the founding fathers had the right idea when it came to establishing freedoms and limits on government. They had the wrong idea on slavery but that is NOT what I am discussing. Get that through your head please. But obviously they didn't have the right idea, because their idea didn't include black Americans, Native Americans, women, or white men who didn't own land. What was so great about the founder's vision of freedom? It doesn't seem at all applicable to our world today, which is why we have 27 Amendments to make it more free.
And in that she's not fundamentally wrong in her point, but she's also missing the big picture^heh. Those photojournalists who can come and go from warzones and impoverished areas also often serve as the most impactful messengers of horrible conditions and increases the likelihood of those places and people getting attention and change. Or she's suggesting that they don't need outside people to see and understand their plight, and that we should leave these communities alone to solve their own problems, with limited exchange of unfiltered information and no opinions asked for. Good luck with that.
Are you and others prepared to pay for local journalism?
Which do you think is more likely, that this trillion dollar industry that's a cornerstone of all Western economies is just a big scam and people "playing around with other people's money", or that it might be too complex for most people with average educations who aren't involved in the industry to truly understand? It's basically the same argument conservatives have against climate change. "I'm not a scientist, but I strongly believe you're lying to these people for profit"
Greenwald has financial incentive to keep the Snowden story in a positive light. http://www.avclub.com/article/glenn-greenwald-loves-sony-now-theyve-bought-right-204717
&gt; He also knows which files he has decided to share and with whom. He did share the whole cache with his boyfriend and sent him through Heathrow Airport with both the encrypted drives and the passcode on his person. Maybe Greenwald isn't the best source for information on Snowden and file security?
Yes, he did. Google it, British intelligence stopped him at the airport. He had the whole kit on him.
Smowden would be dumb to come back because he's guilty of a hell of a lot of crimes, which aren't wiped out because he had some information in there the public should know.
Then you could link me to a source that says definitively that Miranda didn't have the key? Even if he didn't have the key, and I still believe he did based on reports at the time, if the drive was out of his possession for any amount of time there was a tremendous threat.
So it's a he said/they said? If Greenwald was one of the only people known to be in possession of this drive you truly don't think his boyfriend was under surveillance by foreign governments? Obviously the GCHQ was interested, is it such a stretch to think the FSB wasn't as well?
Assange may have blood on his hands, how is that inaccurate? Multiple reporters at the Guardian said Assange wanted to release all of Mannings documents without redactions, and when warned that it could put people in danger Assange said they deserved to be endangered because they were collaborators. http://www.theguardian.com/media/2011/sep/02/why-i-had-to-leave-wikileaks http://littlegreenfootballs.com/article/38609_PBS_FrontLine-_WikiSecrets
Assange and the Guardian had no way of knowing what the outcome would be. Assange made an educated decision to release unredacted files and said people should be exposed to danger because they were collaborators with the Americans. Are you really defending that behavior and saying its acceptable because he was thankfully wrong about the danger he was willing to expose people to?
I see, so you're completely ignoring Assange's behavior because it doesn't fit your pre-conceived narrative. I like you, you sum up all the problems with the Wikileaks/Snowden movement, in that you're really no different than the people you claim to be against. It's all a twisted mirror where no one can acknowledge that all sides are dirty and have incentive to lie. You just find your side's lies more palatable than the others.
Eh, who gives a shit? My point is you're fine accepting single sources of hearsay evidence as long as you like the source, and when presented with contradictory evidence you cling to the flimsy shit you like better.
&gt; You claimed without properly investigating that GHCQ accessed encrypted Snowden files using the password Miranda had on him when they didn't. LIAR. I never said GCHQ accessed the files. You're making that up to paint the picture you want of me. &gt;The Sunday Times has already retracted one lie in their bullshit article. Yes, Greenwald and Miranda are infinitely more reliable and honest than the U.S. and U.K. governments on this topic. That just shows your immaturity. You shouldn't take any source at their word, you should demand evidence. Worshiping at Greenwalds altar just makes you look gullible. &gt;You also claimed Ellsberg "won his trial" which is patently false, and you failed to mention Ellsberg has showered Snowden in effuse praise repeatedly, while trying to use Ellsberg to malign Snowden. The case was dismissed. Ellsberg won. &gt;Yet they "have the password" which they found on Miranda. What utter horse shit. You obviously have the entire story from her sentence fragment. You should get a pulitzer.
I'm not your mate, buddy.
I present facts and sources, you bring invective and ad hominem attacks. I've already won.
I vote in primaries and elections, I volunteer and donate money to my candidates, and I make sure I'm educated about my community, industry and the world. I feel like I'm doing pretty good. So jousting for internet points is fun mad reaffirms my belief that I'm smarter than most of you.
Why are you glorifying Hitler? In fact, are you equating civic participation with Nazism? No wonder kids today can't get anything done, they're idiots.
You're right, I shouldn't be arguing with children.
We said the same thing about getting Obama elected, and he had significant margins that should have meant a mandate. He was blocked at every turn. A rep or Senator from the deep south or Texas or Orange County doesn't need to worry about national movements or elections, only their own seat and constituents. An individual can gum up the works pretty badly.
&gt;A precise figure, however, is known for how much the Obama campaign and the DNC raised during the second quarter of the year: $86 million. Thus, at least $1 out of every $8 that the DNC and Obama campaign raised came thanks to a bundler connected to the finance, insurance and real estate industry. $1 out of every $8 doesn't seem like an egregious amount, to me. People who have more money will donate more money.
True, but only about 12.5% of Obama's contributions came from the the financial industry. http://www.opensecrets.org/news/2011/07/financial-sector-helps-barack-obama/
But I want change now! And if I don't get it in one election I'll cover my ears and stomp my feet and claim the whole system is rigged and never vote again.
Wouldn't people be paying off our huge personal debts rather than putting it back into the economy? It'll just be going back to the banks for years.
They were searching for terrorists, not your grow op.
Three words: Supreme Court Appointments
Wasted your time? Do something about it, Internet tough guy.
You're reprehensible.
Not in the least.
That's called a straw purchase, or they could use the "gun show loophole" to get around it too. It's the loopholes that makes most gun laws toothless, unfortunately.
There are ten states with gun license laws, and they have shown a marked decrease in gun related murders as a result: http://www.cnn.com/2015/06/12/us/gun-law-homicide-drop/
And rarely enforced.
I really don't give a fuck.
I really don't give a fuck.
Nah, my opinion counts as much as yours. And I vote 😀
From your shitty source? Yeah.
Random mandatory home checks.
I don't really care to defend it to you, since you'll never change your mind. Don't worry, we'll have plenty more of these shootings so you can get your argument jollies.
Hot tip: don't keep that shot in your house
I really don't care to try to solve the gun problem on a reddit thread. What does it gain me?
https://youtu.be/lbOtyWTRZ_g?t=11s
Why my comment would have more impact on their opinion on the issue than 9 dead people in a church is truly beyond my comprehension.
Take me away to internet court!
Who said anything about them making my argument right? I said it would have more impact on their opinion than my comments ever will. What, 30 or 40 people might see my refusing to waste more energy arguing with an anonymous person on the internet? Please, I'm not that deluded, I hope you aren't either.
Not with you.
Only since the 60s.
No one's talking about banning the flag. They're talking about choosing not to use it on official state property.
Steve Forbes and Herman Cain are republicans
Because no poor people ever benefitted from rural electrification or the interstate highway system. Do you actually hear yourself or is it just a drone of "freemarket freemarket freemarket" in your head 24/7?
Yeah, they want all the benefits of a modern western society but with none of the sacrifices!
Sorry, but it's pretty obvious you have no idea what you're talking about. The rural electrification movement in the US relied heavily on hydroelectric and wind power, and later nuclear. It wasn't just hydrocarbon burning solutions. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rural_electrification#United_States https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tennessee_Valley_Authority#Facilities But you're right, all those poverty-stricken people during the Great Depression should have considered the environmental impact there would be 70 years in the future and refused rural electrification. By your reasoning we'd all be better off today if they'd been left with 18th century technology, or, better yet, died off altogether.
You seem unhinged, I'm done here.
&gt;Certainly post war much more could have been done to rebuild the south instead of punishing them. Does it have the same emotional payoff as making them pay? No. Is it better for the nation in the long run? Yes. Maybe that would have been possible if they hadn't assassinated Lincoln.
Fortunately Chris Rock is not a judge
Considering that a large number of people, politicians and pundits are trying to play off his massacre as targeting the church for "religious" reasons rather than racial reasons his motivations are fairly important for the national discussion.
So you know how much more he loves his dad than anyone else loves theirs.
&gt; but predominately today, it's not. It is synonymous with "it's a southern thing". Can you prove that? While we're throwing around anecdotal evidence, the number of people who fly the confederate battle flag and aren't racist is pretty low in my experience. In fact, I've never met anyone who flew the stars 'n' bars who wasn't an unapologetic racist.
But those people are dumb.
So your answer is passing a law to restrict news media's freedom of speech during tragedies and other national news events, so the government can't "sneakily" do their jobs voting on something that's been on a public schedule for weeks. Nope, not ironic at all.
Separate but equal always works!
Except for the slave owning bit.
There's no need to deify him, America is a wide and diverse place. That means our best leaders are those who can wisely navigate broad coalitions. If Sanders can't do that he doesn't deserve to be president more than anyone else running.
You are all over the place right now.
I have no doubt he'll be able to turn people out for the primaries, it's after that that's even more important.
You're saying his behavior is perfectly normal up to the point he commits the murders. That only the homicidal urge is what makes it mental illness. That's crazy, and isn't applied or afforded to any other group of mass murders, from radical jihadists to gang members.
Well, he did a lot more than just say things. He actively recruited and instructed other Americans to attack the U.S. from within. Also his son wasn't intentionally targeted, he just happened to be surrounded by radical jihadists after his father brought him to Yemen to join Al-Queda to collect his "Father of the Year" award.
You're one sexagenarian aorta away from being wrong.
This was a pedal powered flying device flown by an old man. Sorry if I don't want a flock of these guys over my head while visiting the Lincoln memorial.
Nothing in that linked article says it isn't pedal powered, in fact he calls it a flying bicycle.
I'm not comfortable with aircraft, large or small, licensed or unlicensed, powered or unpowered, flying over the national mall. Call me crazy, I guess.
Well, between 1992-2002 White House airspace was violated 94 times. http://www.cbsnews.com/news/dc-airspace-violations-not-unusual/ I'm still trying to find stats since 2002, but I'd hardly call ten times a year a "one off" event.
I'm sorry, I don't care about any of that.
Not really, I just don't care.
That's too bad. The Southern way of doing things has been proven wrong on most things, so I'm glad its flag is finally being relegated to the trashbin of history.
&gt; So what? He did take pains to let what he was doing be known. This is clear because people were already there waiting for him. And if you're a teacher responsible for a bus full of kids on a field trip to DC, too bad! Now you gotta wonder if your class has just been exposed to anthrax. &gt;So what? There wasn't a great way to let every person in TX know that Jade Helm was taking place, but now we're all going to be in concentration camps. People don't react rationally, so what. Yeah, fuck those people! &gt;I agree, none of which occurred. They are restricted for possible things that could happen, but they didn't. Take that into account. We should all fire our guns into the air to celebrate, nothing bad ever happens when people do that, and we're just shooting air, what's the big deal? &gt;And it would have been ignored. THe point was not simply to deliver the letters, but to ensure that he made big enough headlines that it got noticed. Not to avoid arrest, so really his intent either way doesn't matter in regards to arrest. I don't really care if he goes to jail, I'm saying that people are crying really hard like he went on some kind of rampage. Get some fucking perspective people. So let him go to jail, he's getting what he wanted.
Again?
Doesn't she support homeopathy? No thanks, that probably kills more women than the Green party would otherwise save.
Just checking, you're saying ISIL and Al Queda aren't trying to recruit people inside the U.S.?
"I know now I was wrong. Intolerance had no place in America. I apologized a thousand times ... and I don't mind apologizing over and over again. I can't erase what happened." -Byrd
Good, then we can have it out in public, with everyone's motives uncovered for all to see. I welcome the opportunity.
But he hadn't changed his ways when Rand hired him. He was the Southern Avenger then, and apparently that was A-OK by Rand. That's horrible judgement by any adult, let alone an elected representative.
Aw jeez you're one of those Golden Dawn Nazis aren't you? I really hope we get another opportunity to come back over there and stomp some fascist ass again. We're out of practice.
Sorry, I can't hear you over the sound of the freedom we delivered to your people.
No, the real bad decision is appearing in public dressed like [this](http://cdn.tradyouth.org/uploads/2013/12/amedia.whas11.com_images_southern_avenger_top_pic_470x264.jpg)
Lots of people tune into NPR to avoid forgettable fluff like the Kardashians.
But Thor isn't a title, that's his first name.
Because it's lazy. They want all the benefits and gravitas of using an established character's name, rather than going through the effort of finding and pushing talented writers and artists to create new interesting characters that can support their own franchises. It's the easy shortcut way to earn diversity points, rather than creating something original the hard way.
She made over [$200k](http://www.sugarslam.com/bristol-palin-earning-more-than-200k-for-abstinence-ambassador/) lecturing on abstinence only education. She sucks.
My parents and girlfriend can't be denied affordable insurance coverage because of pre-existing conditions. I call that huge progress. Don't let the perfect be the enemy of the good. If you want single payer, make sure every politician knows that's your #1 issue and put money and volunteer time behind it.
She made over $200k on the abstinence only lecture circuits.
Why don't you explain to me why Miles isn't called Peter Morales? Or War Machine isn't Tony Rhodes? Or Cap isn't Steve Wilson?
The fluff pays for the hard news.
When did Madison do it?
And when their case is dismissed, each and every one of them can relitigate all the way to the Supreme Court! That'd be great, years of appeals for each gay marriage. Makes total sense!
You said you thought he was correct in theory?
Neither of your examples had to do with foreign policy, which is what OP was talking about. Are you going to answer his points or just handwave and obfuscate?
Oh, in that case, please elaborate on how Gandhi would deal with the Islamic State attacking soft targets in the west in an effort to draw them into a conflict they believe will spark the end of days, ascending them into heaven after they die for the prophet they believe to be leading their army?
Unless Gandhi encompasses "all morality" that's an awfully large leap in logic you're ascribing to me and my question.
Don't these people idolize Texas and it's ability to shoot unarmed people on private property if they think they are stealing? These guys are stealing federal property. Using guns. They should be dealt with accordingly.
It doesn't matter if there's real danger or not, it an opportunity for Russian soldiers to get valuable "war experience" in a low risk environment so they can better prepare for conflicts in Syria or with NATO.
Me and a bunch of reporters, military experts and professors apparently: http://nationalinterest.org/feature/russias-military-catching-the-west-by-fighting-syria-14572
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iQdDRrcAOjA
They use Chicago as an example because that's where President Obama represented in the Senate, and it's traditionally led by Democrats.
DC, Detroit, Chicago, anywhere with a large black population and lots of democrats in office. Back in the 80s it was LA and NYC.
If that small strip of land happens to have dozens of poached elk on it, so be it.
Seems to me like he's downplaying Anwar Al-Alwaki (the only American targeted by drone strikes) and his role in recruiting terrorists to strike in the US.
So give them 5 years instead of 10 years? That is, if they can sufficiently prove the second fire was really a firebreak and not covering up evidence from the first fire.
Yep, agreed on all points.
&gt;Are you not even the least bit concerned that this might set a precedent for more pernicious uses of this power in the future? In what sense? I don't really believe it's a slippery slope. We killed plenty of Americans on the battlefield who went to fight for the Germans and the Japanese before and after Pearl Harbor. Once someone declares allegiance to an enemy state or organization (declared by an act of congress) I don't really think there's much ambiguity about their status. If they are captured alive somehow (like John Lindh) then of course they should be tried, but I don't think there should be any special efforts made to capture them if they are on a known battlefield willingly working for a declared enemy. If they are making sustained efforts to undermine national security (by recruiting suicide attackers within the United States, for example) and extraction is not a viable option, then yes, targeted elimination from the battlefield if given the opportunity is perfectly fine with me. Want to avoid fiery wrath from the skies? Don't join up with a bronze-age death cult and wage war on the US. I'll get worried and make a big donation to the ACLU if they start going after people who *aren't* part of Al-Queda or ISIS. *First they came for the jihadists, and I said nothing...because fuck those guys.*
Where does it say anything about friends being able to take advantage of this new law? I've seen it in plenty of posts but no actual reports or official sources. As far as I can tell, it's family and doctors.
Overtime pay is expensive.
I do. All of that sounds reasonable to me, and is done in other advanced nations. People seem happy and more healthy in those places too.
To what end do you think Democrats are trying to disarm you?
It's cute that fat rednecks with gun fetishes and delusions of grandeur are only magically discovered in 2008 that there are two justice systems. Welcome to the last 240 years of American history, you can read about how immigrants, minorities and the poor have been treated long before you.
Mind breaking it down? I look at Nazi Germany and the Confederate South and I see an out of control nation that took land that doesn't belong to them, forcibly subjugated and enslaved millions of people based on their race, and waged war on constitutional democracy while killing millions of American soldiers. I also see many signs that their modern supporters (skin heads and Lost Causers/militia) idolize these regimes and seek to bring back the worst aspects of it through violence and intimidation. Their symbols (The Swastika and the Confederate battle flag) persist and are instant identifiers of affiliation with those causes. Ultimately both Nazis and Confederates had to be forcibly stopped for the good of the world. I hope we don't have to do it again but I wouldn't hesitate to help. Would love to see your counterpoints, though.
The Confederates didn't know what a Nazi was, unless they could see the future. Feel free to elaborate on what you mean though. It ought to be interesting to hear how Confederates starting the war by attacking Fort Sumter unprovoked was just like how the Americans sneak attacked the Nazis in 1938.
Where do you live, Bedrock?
Tracing their ownership after they've been used in a crime? The thousands of guns used in crimes in the US don't come from nowhere. Finding a nexus or source for where these guns are coming from would be very helpful.
It would be much easier to see if the same sources for these "lost" and "stolen" guns keep popping up.
&gt; my problem with this is that in a contiguous universe, which is what we've been told we have here, as time goes along it becomes increasingly improbable in the story that major events go unnoticed by major factions. There's a lot of entitlement here. The other guy has it right, if a little blunt, in that TV is still seen as inferior among Hollywood elites. And, as far as they are concerned, they're right. The most successful and critically acclaimed TV shows (think mini series like Band of Brothers or Lonesome Dove) are practically movies anyway, but even those expensive productions will take years to earn back their budgets and turn a profit. A movie can do that in a weekend, and provide practically instant profit that has become predictable with certain franchises. Putting Iron Man on TV would dilute the brand. Why pay $20 for a movie ticket when you can get new RDJ content on YouTube or ABC for free? It's possible you could put a TV character like Coulson or Skye or Fitzsimmons in one of the movies, but it's very unlikely there'd be more than a line of dialog. Anything more is "wasted" time in the film. The film audiences vastly outnumber the TV audience and the films will have a much longer shelf life in popular culture. AoS probably won't run more than 5-7 seasons, but even the best shows rarely go past 10 seasons and are usually well past their prime at that point. The MCU is already 8 years old, and AoS is already 3. The films will have to stand on their own for decades until they are inevitably rebooted, but very few people are going to be seeking out old TV shows in any significant numbers to make losing the screen/story time worth it in the long run.
We should be worrying. What if they want to call in their loans?
That kind of presumes the free market is more important than ensuring the continuity of human life. Too much of modern life depends on people not acting out of 100% self serving survival decision making that would be triggered by bottomless market swings. The western world (and now much of China) relies on bankers, doctors, pilots, entertainers, programmers, etc. who aren't going to let things get to "wheelborrows full of twenties for a loaf of bread" level again out of some sense of duty to capitalism and Hayek. Trading curbs are circuit breakers that prevent revolutions in developed countries.
&gt;Do you think there's like 5 shady gun stores supplying the majority of gangbangers across the country? I'm more concerned with straw purchasers and illegal resellers. You could tell a lot about where there guns were coming from, including whether the losses and thefts were truly random, with a little more data. &gt;Also, may I ask why you want more gun control? Is it to save lives? Yes. Fewer guns results in fewer deaths from guns. &gt;How much do you actually care about saving lives, truly? That's kind of a dickish question, the way you phrased it. &gt;Would you support similar increased control of things that kill exponentially more Americans than guns like tobacco and alcohol? Sure! We should make sure there are strong regulations on the sale, manufacture, and purchase of alcohol and tobacco. We should probably spend some more resources on finding out what is causing people to make bad choices that result in injury, illness and death, and work to educate people about that to curb the amount of damage they do to families and society. &gt;Secondhand smoke kills some 40,000 innocent Americans every year. Shouldn't we try to make tobacco less accessible if we care about saving lives? I think so. I lost two grandfathers to lung cancer caused by smoking. Both sides of my family were exposed to decades of second hand smoke, including me. Tobacco has no real medical or nutritional value, and the varieties sold in store have all kinds of chemicals, poisons, tar and even fiber glass added to make them more addictive. It's been well known since the 80s that Big Tobacco markets their products to teens and children. It's a product and industry I wouldn't mind seeing regulated out of existence. Let people grow their own tobacco if they want it bad enough.
&gt; I doubt it. Registration might make it harder for gang members to repeatedly buy guns, I guess? Though gang members would probably use unregistered illegal guns. Still, it would make it easier to track the source of gang guns that are being transferred and illegally straw-bought. &gt; Yes, this is a great reason. Gang crime constitutes a large amount of gun crime in America. Reducing it would be a very good thing. &gt;And it won't stop people who sell guns illegally, because they just won't put those guns on the registry. After all, if they're selling guns illegally, then they're perfectly willing to break gun law. This isn't a solution that would be in place next year. It would likely take decades for 300 million guns in the US to be registered, and thousands more a made every month. But starting with registering the thousands coming off the assembly line now would be a good start. &gt;But in the case of recent public mass shootings, many of the guns used were obtained legally (or rather, not from any particularly shady store). Registration doesn't stop a nut or terrorist from shooting up a school, it just makes it marginally easier to find out where they got their gun after the police get them, which afaik police already can do. Not all gun crimes are mass shootings. We have a chain of custody on a car, or a house, or a piece of land, a bank transaction, why not a gun?
William Randolph Hearst would like a word with you.
Maybe we need more Wacos and Ruby Ridges to show these guys that they'll never win.
Hey, I'm not the one thinking my band of hillbilly y'all-Queda tacticool assholes is going to fight off the FBI with a few AR-15s. They're the edgy ones. I'm just laughing at them until they get killed or arrested. The funniest pet is, if they live through this, they'll never be able to legally own weapons again.
If they can behave themselves, sure. If they can't then they shouldn't be at the theater. Not everyone who wants a respectful audience has to go on the first weekend. The ticket costs the same, the expected experience should be the same.
I think he's talking about cheap or free energy being the magic bullet, a disruptive tech no one sees coming that solves all of our problems. Think cold fusion.
They weren't lost, they were used to bribe local officials and pay military aged males not to fight.
One ping only.
It's an ethics thing. IT has a lot of power, just like HR, just like Finance, that could hurt the company or individual employees if it's abused. A company that has lost faith in their IT department is a sad place. There are ethical "rules" that people in those positions ought to abide by, including not snooping unnecessarily even though it's company property. Good job.
You can also see Archer's Enterprise on Adm. Marcus' table in STID.
Obama's a [huge](http://deadline.com/2012/04/president-obama-claims-to-be-a-trekkie-253101/) [geek](http://www.polygon.com/2015/3/25/8291961/president-obama-was-pretty-into-conan-the-barbarian-and-spider-man). He [knows](http://media.npr.org/assets/img/2013/03/01/obamasaber012way_wide-65e67a937e9bc3de43e0a15c606d959a2ec3e937.jpg?s=1400) all [about](https://www.instagram.com/p/_fk5qmQimE/) Star Wars.
Fewer sites of higher quality that are publicly funded would be preferable in some ways. Like PBS and NPR compared to Fox or XM. The world will be OK if the Drudge Report and IGN go away in favor of something that kept afloat due to direct subscriptions or private donors. Think Wikipedia. I subscribe to a few news websites. More and more companies are moving toward native advertising anyway, which is far more insidious. The first episode of Late Night with Stephen Colbert was basically an infomercial for Sabra Hummus and Oreo Cookies.
Matthew Shepard would like a word.
Would hundreds of incidents over the last 40 years be common enough for you? https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_violence_against_LGBT_people_in_the_United_States
Hannity doesn't use his platform to help any regular people. Michael Moore does. They aren't alike at all.
Have you considered that Reagan and Clinton had more willing partners?
Yeah, they should just wing it when it comes to education
You're right, they want to go back to not thinking about inequality at all like they used to.
Rubio just cut his ad buy in Iowa http://www.politico.com/story/2016/01/marco-rubio-iowa-ads-reducing-218048
Oh, so you don't know. Got it.
He was probably caressing the pistol and unloading/reloading the magazine while watching the movie.
Never heard of Five Thirty Eight?
&gt; If we're going full utilitarian here, you'd have to ask yourself how often someone comes along who is a "mad scientist" who is not only willing to torture for medical knowledge, but is capable of it. As in skilled enough to add to medical knowledge. &gt; A number of psychologists and doctors were employed to help develop "enhanced interrogation techniques" for the US government not too long ago. It's caused a [big controversy](http://www.apa.org/monitor/2015/09/cover-policy.aspx) involving the ethics bodies that should be policing this behavior rather than participating in it.
Yeah, there's nothing Republican primary voters hate more than Fox News.
7 down...let's not stop there.
More successful in murdering innocent kids in cold blood?
He wasn't a Doctor, but one of his companions during the Matt Smith era.
Look, your IT career is based on your ability to use your brains and your hands. If you damage those at work doing something way outside of your job duties you've just fucked yourself for life by doing someone else's duties. Your boss or your small company isn't going to support your family if your coworker can't operate a forklift correctly, or you get T-boned while shopping for giant-sized toilet paper for your co-workers. You've got to protect yourself, because no one else is really looking out for your livelihood.
Wow, six figures as a high school dropout! You've got life all figured out! You should contribute at /r/iamverysmart, they're looking for qualified people like yourself.
The Enterprise doesn't fire a single shot against the Vengeance, though. It was completely defenseless.
And hey, you get all that with a side of torture and retaliatory murder of innocents!
&gt;Who is he going to torture? I missed that one, I'm legitimately curious. http://www.cnn.com/2016/03/06/politics/donald-trump-torture/ &gt;As for the retaliatory murder of innocents, the YPG, Russia, and Iran (through its vassal states Iraq &amp; Syria) will have dealt with ISIS within the next year, so it's irrelevant. It was rhetoric to win the primary, mission accomplished. Is ISIS the only group the US will ever fight? We're still dealing with the repercussions of Abu Gahrib, you think Trump's torture and family murder policies won't have any long term effects? &gt;although I basically support his stances on military intervention and social issues (guns, war on drugs), which, incidentally, are essentially in line with Trump's. Social issues like abortion, where Trump says the woman involved [should be punished](http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/31/us/politics/donald-trump-abortion.html)? Wonder how Bernie would feel about that.
Why not both?
That's what they did in the Death of Superman comics.
&gt; Can you honestly say that you would feel safer as a lone Trump supporter in the circled by hundreds on the left than a democrat surrounded by hundreds of Trump supporters? https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/morning-mix/wp/2016/03/21/white-trump-protester-sucker-punched-by-black-trump-supporter-in-brutal-video-of-tucson-rally/ http://www.cnn.com/videos/politics/2016/03/13/donald-trump-john-mcgraw-legal-fees-punch-orig-vstan-dlewis.cnn http://www.nydailynews.com/news/politics/man-punched-protester-trump-rally-hints-violence-article-1.2560288 Yes, I would fear Trump's mob violence more, since it's actually encouraged by the candidate itself, which lends the violence legitimacy in Trump supporters minds and make his violent supporters more bold. Find me a single Democrat elected official who supports what happened in San Jose and I'll retract my statement.
There have been [many people killed](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oklahoma_City_bombing) by anti-government groups and individuals in the US. As far as I know the Trump protestors don't have a body count (yet). So I don't think either are hypothetical, there's real violence in both movements. I'm interested in the mindset behind it, and if the impulse to fight back against perceived threats comes from the same root political feeling. I think it probably does, but I'm interested in hearing other people's thoughts.
No, not the average, but among the extremists I'm certain he has his fans. Plenty of people of all political stripes have criticized the violent protesters though. Do you think the protesters represent the average person opposed to Trump and his policies, or the extremists?
Totally agreed! I suppose the purpose of my question is where that line is drawn. So far as we know there have been no plans for disarming the US population, but it still drives a lot of anger and advocacy. On the other hand, many of these protesters see threats on a similar scale to disarmament being proposed by Trump, and he is leading in some polls. Does that make the threat more immediate? Would we see violent protest from the right if Clinton or Sanders began calling for gun confiscation?
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Occupation_of_the_Malheur_National_Wildlife_Refuge https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bundy_standoff https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Assassination_of_George_Tiller https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2010_Austin_suicide_attack https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2014_Las_Vegas_shootings
Not at all. I'm confused as to who the racists are in your question though.
As long as those judges pass their A3G litmus tests (abortion, god, guns and gays) Republican Senators would confirm Lucifer himself.
We haven't even gotten to Nixon yet. He and Reagan both made deals to extend the Vietnam War and the Iran Hostage Crisis, respectively, for their own political gain. Fuck, I forgot to mention Bush's response to Katrina in my first post.
Sure, he started the EPA and normalized relations with China, too. He still extended the Vietnam War far longer than necessary, let his personal paranoia and notoriously thin skin (sound familiar?) get the better of him and severely tarnish the office, maintained enemies lists of private citizens and journalists (hmmm) and dodged his taxes (wait a minnut...).
