With all the salads now, instead of just stacking ingredients on top of each other, they will be arranged on the perimeter of the salad like a [painter's palette (term used in official materials)](http://static5.depositphotos.com/1027218/433/v/950/depositphotos_4330040-Painters-palette.jpg). The chicken will be diced into 12-16 pieces instead of 4 strips. Bacon bits for the ranch salad are discontinued, although stores will have stock to last quite a while (assuming /u/TehWildMan_ doesn't accidentially drop a cambro full of them). Instead, 3 halfs of bacon will be used, torn into bite-sized chunks on table. This solves a problem where bacon bits were often held at room temperature for days before being used on salads. Table assembly is simple. I am not sure on the exact portion sizes, but our store is using two rail-spoons of the asain veggie blend, and roughly 8 orange slices, along with the diced chicken. EDIT: Forgot that an orange glaze will be applied on the chicken. The stock dressing is a mcdonalds-exclusive packaging based off Newman's Own Sesame Ginger, and sliced toasted almonds are included with the salad.
HDMI over gelatinous fruit.
It could be that the register does not have a valid price for a 20nugg2meal large size. At our store, that was (no longer offered) a promotional deal, and the price for the large version was 99.99$. The 20piece meal for one follows the same pricing rules with other value menu items.
Oh hey there fellow 60s.
Save it for when you will need it. You will know when the time comes. These flipcards are extremely rare, but very powerful.
For happy meals, its a small coke "only ice", which we all understand as a cup of water. Otherwise, just break the meal into components and punch in a water.
Tradition, although the registers did allow waters as HM drinks for a year and a half.
Almost as if a grey had intentionally donated a white account with the intention of single handedly ending the button.
Saw it in florida, not sure if it is just a mocha frappe with oreo crumbles, or something new entirely, but excited to see it at our store soon along with frozen lemonades.
I clocked out as soon as I had finished everything I was responsible for. Grabbed a tea and went to the crew room. On the way there, I noticed the bun rack was half-empty. *Crap, I forgot to pull buns*
At least you got overtime. Since I only work 4 shifts/week, that 13 there will probably won't yeild. And even if it did, I am pretty sure someone will "accidentally" screw the time punches, preventing overtime from kicking in (from experience, missed hours payments are ridiculously difficult to get at overtime rates).
Better solution: glyph hacking could have the possibility of returning multiple/duplicate keys.
Our store does a 2/3day orientation program, but the latter days are spent with a few hours on the floor.
Sounds like every organic chemistry test ever. Forgot to study after working a long shift the day before, felt like I didn't know anything, still made an 83. My worst test of them all, but still not bad.
Our kitchen and walk-in has a diamond-knurled-like pattern which helps, but only to a point.
Sexy cashless terminal (although it lacks a pedestal), does it handle NFC and/or chipcard payments? interesting idea of putting the changer on the top shelf. I usually set up with the changer against the wall, the Cashier Pos parallel to the back wall, OT Pos facing me and angled, and the printer wedged betwen the changer and Cashier. I call it the "commander" setup, but battle-station works as well.
As a regular crew member, I don't get enough time on that computer to investigate it, much less extract it.
For anyone curious: Usually, only one of the two POS terminals has a cash drawer. That one can be configured as a dedicated casher (can insert orders, but they have to be cashed immediately), hybrid cashier/OT (can take orders normally and store them), or dedicated OrderTaker. The configuration is done at the time of cashier login. OP's is set up as a dedicated casher (lack of a "reset selected cod" button) Also, about the menu layout, it appears to be standard with no Southern Chicken sandwich, and powerade/lemonade fountain drinks. The colored buttons are probably the sirloin burgers.
Its possible if you wish for the crew member to be pouring 335 degree oil on his hands.
Its also similar to McDonalds makes tea. 4lbs sugar, 4 gallons water, 4oz tea bag.
Ever since their own alternative (CurrentC) proved itself to be vaporware.
Oh holy mother of pelikan nibs. But fortunately, [The Goulets posted a video for this exact situation](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zpnt18qqrPM) Skip to 1:20
The best part of ACBB is that it can be diluted to hell and back and still be a rich black with a green tone.
Some franchise got upset at the burger king next door.
Placing meat is the hazard under my managers procedure, which for grill crew who place patties two at a time, requires the two patties being placed simultaneously to be vertical. Like this. 4 2 4 2 3 1 3 1. That pattern essentially requires one arm to be above the other when placing patties. As a taller person, there is a lack of vertical space to avoid the uppers when placing the back pairs. I have always used the following pattern, despite for being written up numerous times and suspended twice. 4 4 3 3 2 2 1 1
Three platten grills have the same lower grill area size. The plattens are thinner ,but extend farther out by a few inches, and each platten can comfortably fit a 2x4 grid of 10:1. The back of the plattens are at a lower elevation on the 3s when open, and there is little room for error in placement.
&gt; destroyed a good four to five sections of our home entertainment section In other words, the entire store?
A U.S Quarter. 4-year old me didn't understand money that well.
Personally, a double bacon clubhouse [burger] with 6 extra orders of bacon (21 half strips total).
Or "only ketchup" which imho is just as bad as plain.
Our store has numerous regulars ordering multiple small coffees with 10cream+10sugar.
Fucking campers.
It gets worse at our store: We only have 1 dt register with cashier functionality, located in back booth (The presenter registers can be logged into cashier mode, but can not do anything but recall/edit orders). FC has two functional registers. If lobby is open, if multiple cars are in drive, then the cashier has to run back every time to pay out orders. We recently had a brand standards visit. As expected, we were marked off for not having a cash-enabled presenter-booth register and a broken FC register.
But every organic chemist can fap to [this](http://2012books.lardbucket.org/books/introduction-to-chemistry-general-organic-and-biological/section_16/2ec91bbf743862995e7463c78beb8835.jpg) NSFW?
For a kid.
The size of the filet-o-fish has been changed a few times since it's introduction.
The ultimate orgy of organic bonding.
The General manager and Department managers, yes. Our third-shift manager at the McD's I work at is threatening of quitting if she doesn't get a raise above $9.25 by july. She currently makes only a little above $9/hr, and has been with the company for two decades.
And even better, it shows up to work within +/- 15 minutes of its scheduled shift on a regular basis.
The current cook time on frozen fries at McD's is 3:10 at 335F. Hash browns are 3:00 at 360F.
Filet-o-fish, when not on sale, is a challenge for our crew. Second shift has a nasty habit of cooking the patties in batches of 8-16 per tray, two trays in the cabinet, when only 1-2 are going out per hour. I personally instruct crew to follow the goddamn prep/VCMS charts (which give you an approx run size to avoid waste) or cook them to order during slower times. Completed filets also happens to be one of the most commonly wasted items on second shift. Go figure. These days, they are cooked at 350F for 3:25 if you are curious.
Watch_Dogs was actually playable.
Good luck with the foam cups. Sometimes our store runs out and customers get upset enough to demand refunded orders on the spot.
The twsbi vac700 comes close to the size of the 159. I used to own one and at the time, it was my favorite pen.
There are a lot of issues with the registers, although some (such as slowness or the 1-reduction and 0-promo rules) are a local issue. Our biggest complaint is the layout. The main lunch screen has a lot of wasted screen real estate, and is cluttered with discontinued promos. There are two pages for each the deserts and LSM items. All the items could fit onto one page per category, and could be labeled a lot better. Also, both categories are littered with discontinued items. Our registers have 4 pages for breakfast items, plus the lsm items on the LSM2 page. Most of these screens are full, but many items are broken (either inventory-wise or will prevent totaling) or discontinued. Drinks are also a mess. Even the sodas and teas are spread among many different pages. I could go on and on. NewPOS also lacks the ability to create seperate tickets on the same order, and taking large group's orders gets messy really quickly.
Our store stocked those bags years ago. Had a special designation like E-bag if memory serves. Perfect for breakfast platters and oversized lunch orders. I miss them.
How could you resist a surprise belly rub?
Out of curiosity, have you had any luck trying to use nfc tap/pay on your galaxy s3 with CM installed? I really want to change over to CM on my Sprint S3, but I have heard that HCE is not supported. I rely on google wallet too much to give it up.
I begin to wonder, has the Act actually changed anything at the retail/fastfood job level? Other than the available optional health benifits changing marginally, nothing has changed for me (full time worker).
It is [essentially] a continuous conveyor belt. At each end, it goes from vertical travel, around a curve, and back down in the opposite direction. To someone unfamiliar to how these work, suddenly going sideways might be enough to trigger a panic response.
Looks like it. Why some on would be carrying one with them to work is beyond me.
Even better: we flung piss and shit into earth orbit.
Very nice pens. The coloring on the pen body does have a tendency to chip/wear off (mainly at the ends). Also, consider avoiding lamy's EF nibs. I have a few Ms and Fs, and I have love[d] every single one, but I have yet to find a EF that works consistently well.
Most US debit cards are co-branded with one of the major credit networks (Visa and MC primarily). These cards can be run over their networks instead the debit card networks. In this case, the usual rules apply for verification/signatures, but for small transactions, the time spent verifying IDs or collecting signature isn't worth the time. The magnetic stripe does contain a small string of data which indicates to card readers if Pin/Debit should be used or is required. Some credit card reader setups (such as those at mcdonalds) will look at that string, and decide to run as credit automatically or ask the cardholder. Other readers will just ask every time, or automatically use pin/debit for large transactions if available.
What is this "butt to butt" extension you speak of?
Actually, the mobile pedestal is the official standard. Edit [link](http://imgur.com/sZEy5yc,SPSD10x)
Ill give you a hint. Cocks. Cocks fucking everywhere.
Refillable? As long as you have a bottle of ink and a pipette, you can just shoot up the cartridge or eyedropper them.
Tech required essays for spring 2016 transfer applicants. Prior to that they were optional.
When orders are taken by hand, the standard register-printed receipt will not be generated.
Duplicate comment. Please ignore.
This is the only correct answer.
Parking along centennial park drive is free, but very limited. I can't remember many others. Maybe home park? Another option is to park at a Marta station with parking spaces, and riding the train down to midtown or north ave. The cost of parking (free first day, $5-8 per day after) and a round trip pass ($5 plus $1 for a breeze ticket) may be cheaper than on-campus visitor parking. [More information](http://martaguide.com/parking/)
US corporate policy is to always ask by franchise name and to never imply gender. However, asking by toy franchise name rarely generates a response greater than "what" or "its a boy.". Especially when the customer leaves their disel engine on. As enforcement is generally very lax, most order takers, in the interest of speed, will ask by gender.
January is typically a lul for the big toy franchises, so distributing old leftover toys or using a less popular franchise is common.
Yes, although there is next to zero enforcement of this policy.
If anything, this was the most surprising part of the study.
THWG!
Support contracts. For an overburdened IT department, its a lot easier to let Dell take care of it when shit hits the fan on a new rig.
Streetcar time?
Murder city Murder.
And you can marry yourself, be your own children, and reap the tax benefits.
Suntrust sent me a card dated for 6 months. The old card had expired, and they intended [and did] send an EMV-compatible card a few months later.
When I started dual-enrolling my junior year of high school, I realized that nobody really cares if someone walks out between classes and drives off. If someone is near the door, just smile and wave.
Its rule #1 of food pans in resturants. When it comes to 9x4" pans (along with a few other sizes) you will always need N+X, where N is the quanity on hand, and X is some positive integer. Rule #2 is that any pan that is needed for something will always be incorrectly used for something else. This is ignoring the fact that the polypropylene pans in this size are dirt cheap.
And everyone forgets about Carlisle.
All of our pans were Carlisle (except vollrath for steel), but then cambro rolled out their polypropylene line, and we switched all of our non-heat pan purchases to them. Ironically, we have broken more polypropylene pans than polycarbonate.
Shredding hard drives? [There is literally a command for that](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shred_(Unix))
First shift generally has enough staffing to deliberately focus on keeping times low. At the end of 1st shift (generally 2pm), many employees leave with few to replace them. This rapid churn of employees disrupts production and service (drawer changes). Changeover (between 10:15-10:45, or 10:45-11:15 depending on changeover time) can slow to a halt if a heavy breakfast demand occurs, or if cashiers start selling lunch before breakfast is cleared out. In addition, changeover is often a break/shift-end time, which pulls employees off the floor when they are needed most.
Our store did 2 for $5 on [big mac or QPC and mcrib when available]+10pc+filet for the entire second half of 2015. A normal Thursday truck had 36 trays of big mac buns, and at least one case of mac sauce.
On a related note: Never trust co-workers or managers either. A few months ago, I was injured at work and did not return for over a week. Due to the nature of the injury, I could not gather my personal items. At the time, a Pilot VP, my phone, wallet, keys, and a flashlight were left behind in the employee storage racks. That afternoon, I called up and asked a manager to secure my possessions, fearing that they would be stolen or discarded. When I returned, I only found the keys. For the next few weeks, I checked local pawn shops and craigslist hoping that something would show up. My cell phone did eventually pop up at a local pawn shop. The other items were gone for good.
As long as the required courses are completed by the document deadline for the Fall semester (generally June 1), there will be no issue. However, you will be required to submit two transcripts: One with your application showing the courses in progress, and then another with the final course grades. If you are taking summer classes, a third transcript will be required after those are finished, but is not part of the application process. Also, you will not be eligible for the April 15 or May 1 decision dates.
OP's post indicates he/she is taking the two required courses (calc2 and phys1) along with two other courses (Orgo and PE). Summer courses (unless they end before June 1) can not be used for the Fall application process, but can be used as transfer credit once admitted. DiffEq is often required for RETP admission, but OP appears to be applying as regular transfer.
A line of defense to prevent bacteria buildup.
I recently switched from VM to Project Fi, along with upgrading phones from a Galaxy S3 to a Nexus 6. Its amazing. Sprint's network (which VM runs off of) is pretty spotty (or complete shit) in downtown and midtown. With Sprint and T-mobile combined, I experience far fewer drops in service. Plus T-mobile has coverage in MARTA stations, which is a huge deal. Considering I use ~1.5gb/month, I pay just about the same (when the phone cost is not factored in).
In passport, go to email preferences. Which option is selected under "email destination". If " an external email address " is selected, mail.gatech.edu may not work.
A plate of bacon wrapped pork chops, served with a glass of wine.
Even if they only included the calculus sequence and physics, it would still make a huge difference for those near the fence.
***PPEEEENNNIIIIISS*** Back to the thread, wtf?
The renovation/expansion of the student center is a necessity that can not be delayed much longer. Every single service that is offered there is overwhelmed and struggling to provide for our current student body. I do not think it's unfair to increase student fees to cover the project after it is already completed. And numerous other colleges have followed a similar process as GT regarding their student commons projects.
For back booth, if we needed a manager urgently, we would insert a skip car marker onto the screen and then pay it out immediately. Because our store has a zero void-order policy, and the fact a skipcar marker looks like a voided order, the marker causes managers to freak out and rush back there. Even in non-emergency situations, that method of obtaining a manager was a hell of a lot quicker and easier than shouting soo loud that lobby customers complain (which I was written up for once).
I remember a similar location (possibly the same) being roped off for some reason a while back.
IIRC for the 84 series, the mathprint OS update included an exam mode which disabled the use of programs and apps. To exit that exam mode, all you had to do was transfer a file to the calculator in exam mode. Which if someone had a cable and a second ti83/84, was trivial.
That's what we generally do for driveoffs, just take off what you can and promo it. However, voids on entire orders are to be avoided at all cost, even if it means cashing out and doing a refund (in the case of a partial payment).
I recognized that math teacher would potentially be a very reliable future reference, and she knew I was very strong with the calculators from a young age. That, and a thirst for some blood, led to that plan being born.
Or in other cases, a mechanical failure causes the platten to release early as a fail-safe, or an uneven load is placed on the grill (two patties stacked), or an inadequate time/temperature/gap setting is used. There are many potential causes of an undercooked beef portion.
No US mcdonalds, franchised or not, has the authority to make significant changes to core menu items.
I took it as an chem elective. Seriously considering bailing out of there if the other options look better. Might as well wait until the drop day.
MoSE and skilles buildings are a fairly long walk (practically impossible) for the 10 minutes given between classes. I could barely manage to get between the basement lecture hall to a Klaus classroom in that time. Same applies for howey and the couch building (which is in west campus right?). Space that schedule out. (Or just drop that econ)
Looks like OP is just pointing out that his local rail transit line has cars designed for cyclists, which is pretty damn awesome compared to standing with your bike in a luggage/wheelchair bay (cough cough atlanta).
In that case, it doesn't matter where they placed. Its too late no matter what.
The Pilot Caviler is similar in length to a VP, but almost as narrow as a pencil IMHO.
If you are using only 40 trips/month, it makes sense to buy fares in blocks of 20 (40 fares for $85) than to buy a monthly pass.
Glad you found out about Artlite. Been there a few times myself and realized how much carrying ink bottles sucks when riding a bike home. Also, congrats on the VP.
Buffalo is one of the slowest selling sauces (for us it's second behind habanero ranch), so it wouldn't surprise me if a manager simply decided to stop ordering it.
Live in downtown (for college reasons), so a car is more of a liability than an asset. Wish inter-city bus service was less of a hassle.
Qi is horribly inefficient, and as such, you would probably end up draining both phones before getting a meaninful charge transferred.
Thanks for your perspective. As a US store crew, the differences between regions/countries can be interesting. Having access to RTH folded eggs and liquid eggs is something I can't imagine working without on understaffed weekend breakfasts.
It's nowhere near as vibrant as some Noodler's inks, but it remains a less atrocious ink than Lamy Blue IMHO.
Even when working on some project bikes, I always stuck to a cheap u-lock and a cable through the front wheel.
Our store gives free uniforms, but will threaten to hold your last paycheck if you quit (within the first few weeks) without returning them. This isn't really legal, so it's difficult to enforce. Youth labor laws in some states may restrict what you can do if you are under certain ages. But generally the rule is no maintenance/high risk tasks if under 18. I started on grill as a shy person, but soon picked up service positions occasionally.
If I may ask, where (spefically in the CRC) were the credit cards/cash taken from? The locker rooms on the ground floor, or elsewhere? Security at the turnstile entrance to the lower/upper floors has always felt like it is very weakly enforced (in terms of buzzcard enforcement), and I am wondering if that checkpoint was bypassed.
Of most significance: Twsbi Vac700 Blue (disappeared one day from my school bag) Lamy Safari (disappeared one day from my school bag) Pilot Metropolitans (one disappeared one day from my school bag, also have had some stolen/lost at work). Pilot VP (stolen/discarded at work) Various Platinum Preppies due to a wide variety of reasons, and a few that no longer have working caps.
Websites have become easier to use over the past decade (IMHO), and sites such as pcpartpicker now exist to simplify the process of buying. Around the late 2000s, we saw a huge trend of moving components formerly on PCI expansion boards onto the motherboard, reducing the number of components. And renember in the p4 days, we had some OEMs try out crazy form factors, making upgrades more of a hassle. We have it ridiculously easy compared to the 1990s. Also, driver setup has improved tremendously since windows Vista/XP.
Ditto. Just got home from a 16-hour shift at work, and WTF just happened. Might as well jump ship as well.
And if all of your friends are in different majors, you will likely never see them again.
Lets say we are at McDonald's. To keep things simple, lets make some assumptions and use round numbers. Beef is $3/lb (price has been a roller coaster in recent years), and a double cheeseburger uses 2/10lb of beef. That's 60 cents in beef right there. Two slices of cheese is close to 10 cents. A bun is 5 cents. In the quantities used, lets assume that onions, pickles, ketchup, mustard, and the paper wrappers cost 5 cents total. Right there, we come up with a food/paper cost of 80 cents. If it sold for a $1.50, and we used a assumed labor cost of 30%, the cost of raw goods plus labor is $1.25, which still leaves some margin for other expenses. But in reality, the profit comes in when someone pays for a side/dessert/drink, which all carry much greater margins. Edit: That beef price is probably insane. When writing this post, I recalled beef prices peaking at ~$3 a while back, and that has been stuck in my head since.
If the incorrect printer is being used, there are two easy fixes. First is to turn off the incorrect printer, print off a receipt on your POS (the one that needs a printer change), which will pop up a selection. Or go under manager -&gt; support -&gt; select default printer.
For the purposes of your GT GPA or transcript, no, it just shows as transfer credit if you meet the minimum. But do keep in mind that many of the financial aid programs that look at GPA will look at your grades in all coursework, even if taken outside GT.
Short flight from Chattanooga to ATL via delta? Costs way more than a flight from Chattanooga to Orlando (or anywhere else almost) via Delta in atlanta. Logic
MARTA is a waste of sales tax.
Probably not, as transfer admissions have been seemingly more and more competitive every year. Barely got in as it is.
Spare parts? Ultegra/DA Di2 drivetrain? You own a bike shop or something?
Check the parts before even touching a Wal-Mart bike. Don't think Giant would be one to this, but if they sold their name for a bike that uses generic drivetrain components, it isn't worth looking at. Would be pleasantly surprised to see standard Tourney components. Crap assembly can be fixed with a few hours of labor if you know what to look for.
Because they can. You either pay what they want, or find somewhere else to buy them
RIP.
Interesting to note a new CCT route (10X). Potentially an easier way from downtown (surprisingly not from ArtsCenter?) to town center (please don't make it peak periods/direction only) ?
Hope counts W's as attempted/paid hours for the purposes of the 127-hour cap, but W's are not included in your hope gpa. You do have to maintain Satisfactory Academic Progress though, so you can't get away with dropping everything on a related basis. Also, isn't a WF assigned to someone who tries to drop after the deadline, or does tech issue a straight up F in that case.
Solution: add more u-locks.
Long answer: Check the equiment manuals and Kay card. Short answer. Dispose of old oil, and remove any remaining debris. On the control panel, enter "level 1" mode (press+hold the buttons between up/down and enter 1234 when prompted.) Enter "deep clean mode". Add Kay Degreaser and cold water to the empty vat. And yes, you can clean baskets/trays. Avoid running the degreaser/sludge solution into the drain pan, manually remove what you can and rinse with water. Or as our maintance guy tried: empty vat, add degreaser+water, and turn on fryers on full blast. Never mind don't do this. The fryers will sit in melt mode forever, and then suddenly ramp up expecting to be filled with oil. Warning: Don't even think about performing a boil-out without authorization from management.
NEW Digital Beets Headphones, with True Binary® Technology. You won't believe it.
Especially Cobb county. Make Atlanta Traffic great again.
Our store has many employees who are inexperienced and/or bad at kitchen or service, and only work where they are best at. We do allow and encourage cross-training, but do not strictly mandate it. If you are proficient in one area, it is in the best interest of shift managers to keep you there. However, things break down when severely short staffed in one area but not the other.
Check your disk usage. I often find that when downloading files onto a hard drive, my download speed is limited to how fast the data can be written to disk, otherwise the client would start using insane amounts of RAM.
Problem with manager-promos is that it slows times down dramatically (at our store, any manager code requirement at back cash creates a typical 2-10 minute delay, which is straight up unacceptable) and/or increases the risk of order inaccuracy. And the most recent versions of newPOS use a store-wide promo/discount setting, so if FC has manager-promos, then DT has the same. Used to be a per-register setting, and the back-cash order-taking register would have promos set to crew, and all others would be locked down. In addition, with the proliferation of the mobile app and VOICE receipts, using the promo key while taking an order, and not at back cash often makes the situation worse.
Our problem is that when an issue at back cash occurs that requires a manager intervention, they will wait until the issue at back booth brings the operation of DT to a complete standstill before resolving the issue (in other words, all previous cars have been served, all orders are assembled, and the line is backed up past the order-taking stations). This also frequently results in cold food for the next few cars, which further aggravates the slowdown. VOICE offers usually either take the place of a BOGO, a $1 discount on a specific item, or a free pie. In all three cases, we have pre-programmed item buttons for those, and are strongly pressured to use those instead of the promo/discount buttons. The typical problem with mobile app offers is when the Order Taker uses the promo key for what is supposed to be a discount, or promos the wrong item, which will have to either be fixed, or let go incorrect. Oh, and dont forget the app-offer-overrides (A large portion of guests will use offers incorrectly, and we will usually give the discount anyway to preserve guest satisfaction).
For the non-value menu lunch sandwiches, it is cheaper to make the fries medium (YMMV), then bundle them as a meal, than it is to order a small fry+small drink with a sandwich, and I suggest that to guests. For breakfast meals, I usually bundle meals together at the completion of a guests order, explaining what I did to give a lower total.
Welcome to traffic hell.
Our store has a 50% discount, but under the requirement that all discounted items be a part of a value meal.
Let's help make 11-23 corncobs great again.
Nothing's happening with the GWCC anytime soon. The Dome site will just be repurposed now that it's life as a event venue is nearly gone.
If you immediately notify a spammer they are no longer welcome, they will just go off and create a new account. Shaddowbanning makes it a little more difficult as they can see still post, see their own contributions, but nobody else can.
Almost at 2k
Wireless charging is significantly slower than USB charging, and generates a ton of heat. And not everyone's usage case allows for wireless charging. The biggest problem is that wireless charging can not be used while on the go, which is why I had to get a new phone when my n6's port shorted out.
Many health departments will dock points (at the very least) for improper reheating of TCS items.
He just ~~played~~ fileted himself
I'm not liking the idea. A bike lock should be simple, somewhat easy to clean out when necessary, and reliable. Expensive, fancy "smart locks" introduction more points of failure or weakness while introducing little convenience or security. As for me, I will likely continue riding with a pair of onguard 8013s (the second stays at home most of the time) and sometimes a cable as well. Whole setup costs less than $50 and will deter anyone looking for a quick bike. Anything else is pointless in the long run.
The App was working at around 3pm EST today.
Thursday at 3:30pm. Not completely screwed over this time
Same thing. Exert dominance.
I have personally never seen a time ticket that mentioned any hour between 5pm-8am. Edit: apparently time tickets for 7pm and possibly later exist.
Thermal reciept paper does not have ink applied to the paper by the printer. It does contain a dye that darkens when exposed to heat. While the heat from a thermal printer head is more than enough to darken parts of the paper, any sufficient heat source can work. Something else that can generate a moderate amount of heat to a specific portion of paper? The friction of a fingernail against the paper. Usually, this produces a rather faint line, but is still often useful for situations where a pen/marker are unavailable.
&gt;Should I go live it up in Mexico or prioritize my academics? You are at Tech. You worked hard to get here, and you pay a lot of money to stay here. Only one choice is obviously the tight answer, and it's not the first.
10/10 creative twist on the overused Jackson Street bridge spot.
*"Detected obstruction of solar radiation".....* *"Nuclear reactor initiated. Estimated run time on current fuel reserve: more than nine nine nine...[error] hours."* *"Your turn, captain."*
Which section? section R is the only one with TBA dates, but it is at GT Lorraine
I am not aware of a easy to execute copycat of the chocolate caramel syrup McDonalds uses. Try what you want, and I had some success with just mixing some ice cream topping syrups that I had laying around. Other than that, a strongly brewed drip coffee and warmed milk are going to be required for a somewhat passable copycat.
Because iced mochas are a thing, we do not advertise iced coffees made with chcocholaye or caramel+chocolate syrups. And while I personally think they don't taste that great, if someone requests one specifically, I will make/sell them. As others mentioned, iced drinks and chocolate syrup don't mix easily. The chocolate syrup is very thick.
Oh the memories that comment brought back.
I removed it from the bottle, and it was extremely thin, and collapsed into a small ball.
Appears to be, and there was a layer of sludge on the inside of the cap when I probed it.
I just want some safe bike routes from Midtown/Tech up into the Northwest neighborhoods.
The issue is uncommon enough where anyone could belive that "It won't happen to me" Plus, I picked up a few bottles, including this one, at just over $6 each from a retailler's closeout sale.
With optional BASE Jumping DLC.
Yeah sometimes you get those who are inexperienced cyclists struggling to maintain a decent pace. What annoys me most is when those people get flat tires, and can't even tell me their tire size so I can get an approriate spare tube and help them back up.
Are you trying to imply that all men can't get pregnant?
I have yet to see a professor that allowed web clickers.
If someone gives me pile of change and tells me it's the exact amount, I usually won't count it out and just gladly take it. However, to anyone who presents a cup of over a hundred loose coins and asks how much it is (this happens more often than I'd like to admit), f*** them. I'm a drive through cashier, not a coin counting machine.
This is McDonald's. Job interviews aren't competitive, and they aren't an exam. At my store, we will generally hire any applicant that looks decent, and just the fact we call up an applicant shows we are serious about hiring them. The interview pretty much exists to give the management team a first impression about who the applicant is. The interviewer wants to answer a few internal questions, most importantly "Do I feel like X would do well in a fast-paced team". Some obvious pointers (from someone who has interviewed a few applicants), wear somewhat decent clothing (polo/khakis are slightly overkill, but don't show up in torn/junk clothes if you can avoid it), don't bring your parents into the picture, don't show up on drugs, don't show up late. Otherwise, be prepared to discuss the role of the job, and answer a few questions about who you are and your goals.
The decision to skimp out on RAM really seems to be one of the biggest problems for me. Apps almost always have to reload if I swap between two, and very long freezes are common.
Older cars could possibly have the lock cylinder forced to turn, starting the ignition. This isn't guaranteed, and is likely to destroy the cylinder if you use enough force. Newer cars often have keys cut in different ways to discourage picking of any kind, and RFID-like chips that prevent the ignition from activating even if the lock is forced.
You are thinking of NFC cards, which can be read at close range, but the data obtained from a read is not enough to clone the card, in a similar fashion as the contact chips in newer cards.
You need buzzfunds to start the washers. Assuming you do, load the machine, go to the payment terminal "the black box", enter the machine number, swipe your card. If everything goes well, it should return the remaining balance. For dryers, you will need to add more time than the 10 minutes (in 10min increments) Go back to the machine, and select the cycle. (for dryers, press the cycle once for every 10 minutes you paid).
The square brackets in a quote indicate words that were inserted or changed from the original. Usually these modifications are used to indicate a changed tense, or to provide information that may have been left out (such as the reference of a pronoun)
/r/holdmyfries
This is a repost of a question asked earlier today, but summarizing. Most incidents involving fatalities are close to takeoff or landing, in which case parachutes would be useless. Accidents involving high altitudes would involve jumping from a fast moving plane at high altitude. It's likely that passengers would pass out either before jumping or mid-jump and not survive. The weight penalty of a hundred parachutes is huge, and would dramatically increase ticket prices.
It looks like these are first aid workers, and may not be able to handle medical transport themselves. For crowded events, space for ambulances may not be available everywhere, but stationed EMTs can assist in situations until transport is brought in.
My public speaking professor openly said that if you do weed/abortion/immigration as a topic for any assignment in the class, and don't make it super interesting with an original point of view, there would be an automatic one-letter-grade penalty on the assignment. Some people still tired, and wondered how they failed the class.
The SAT and ACT are more of a test of one's ability to think rather than a test of learning, and are not tailored for the needs of an individual school district/state. State tests are often highly customized to test performance with regards to a set of standards set by the district/state, and give decent feedback about how well students learned those skills over the year.
Not every single bus stop has the space or need for a full-sized shelter (and some of that is due to our shit sidewalks), and they do cost money to build. While I agree there are many stops that do desperately need a bus shelter, its just not feasible to put one on every single stop.
SMS has two key advantages. First, it can work in cases where a data connection is unavailable, but a cellular connection still is present. Second, it's the closest thing to a universal standard we have by far. Just about every cell phone user can send/recieve SMS, no special apps required.
Are your crew discarding waste without discarding? Make sure adequate waste collection bins (aka 5gal orange buckets here) are present and in use, and that someone counts waste at least every shift. If waste is high, look into the cause. For completed waste, are special sandwiches being made/marked/served right the first time? Make sure grill slip printers work and it helps to make sure that specials are physically isolated from commons. Speaking of this, an overflowing HLZ leads to disaster: make sure there is a balance between kitchen and service labor , and that DT cars are parked when a holdup exists with that one order. For raw waste, make sure that perishables are not ordered in excess, and check the yields on many items for problems. For stat loss, make sure that employees are not making personal food without recording into the register. Once again, run a yields report. Look at which items are the problem. Taylor Blended Ice Machines can require regular calibration checks to make sure you aren't pouring your food cost down the drain. Shakes/ice creams can also be a problem. Check fill levels, and crew procedures. Waste rarely gets recorded in this area, and the raw product is expensive. If there is not a recent mass coupon distribution going on, there should be no reason for register promos to be enabled. For sugar, check tea brewing procedures. Are batches of tea iced out to 4 gallons? Check the ABS ice dispenser, make sure that foam cups are filled to the top with ice. At the very least, run an Inventory stat report over a period of two weeks or a month. Look at the top $ losses. Anything unusual here?
Unused Meal plan swipes expire at the end of each semester. Unused dining dollars expire at the end of every spring and summer.
Yes, in some countries including the US, it is possible to file for individual bankruptcy. Doing so is admitting you have virtually zero non-essential assets, and will make it extremely difficult to obtain credit for a few years.
You monster.
So apparently my school got their hands on some reflective white road paint. They then decided to spray shared lane markings every hundred feet (approx) on a few sections of streets (including every lane right before a major intersection). Thank you for trying to help. Now can we do something about the fact the vehicle sensors do not detect cyclists, often holding them with red lights for a few minutes. But the new markings look pretty. Also, was planning a low-end rear wheel build, and felt like complaining about how expensive spokes were. Local shop asked for $25+tax for a set of 36 DT spokes and nipples. Fortunately, it looks like my build can be completed with only one size spoke (289mm) And a side note to one of my friends. You have an insatiable urge to pull your rear disc brake so firm that you skid every time you slow down, and you have the audacity to complain how you burn 4 rear tires for every front you have to swap out. Lay off the rear brake.
And what about the Muslims who are terrorists. And people's of colours whose lives don't matter because they will make nothing out of it? Don't tell us what we can and can't do.
Can't believe someone would actually do that.
"Backup" meaning "the place I put shit when my phone runs out of space"
Reminds me of my freshwater fish tank. Initially started it with a dozen or so guppies just to get the tank growing, and planned to introduce other species of fish. The guppies had other plans though.
Tradition. The 10-point scale is easy to understand and has been used a lot through most schools in the US. It also works pretty well when assignments and tests are made so that perfection is expected. Although even in the US, many professors use different scales (such as a 20-point scale) or set cutoffs arbitrarily based in the grade distribution of the class.
Find out if your college allows retroactive withdrawals, unexpected surgery that put you of class for a while could be a valid reason. This will allow you to write off the semester without having a bunch of Fs on your transcript. Retake the classes when everything gets better and move forward
While I have never purchased a c-to-c cable from them, I have purchased a lot of products from Anker and have only had one defective product (which was taken care of quickly). They run a bit expensive though.
Can't say I agree too much about 17th between peachtree and Atlantic. At least when I pass by, the bike lanes are rarely obstructed. But then again, we also have the dedicated bus lane for a lot of the lenght, which (unless being violated) is often a quick way around someone parked on the bike lane
Unfortunately, MST relies on a proprietary standard which Samsung bought out.
So you have a two segments of chain still in good condition? Just cut them so that they both have inner links on the ends, and join the segments with two sets of master links, and hope its long enough.
I'll do a hands on comparison when I get home, But from memory, I think the body of the upside-down Metro would still feel skinny and light compared to the VP. But the hand feel of the clip would be pretty similar.
A little tough to tell from the picture, but this doesn't look like its very deep, and could be safe to continue riding on.
From what I assume, the snow storms in the NorthEast US caused some delays over the past weekend. I had quite a few shipments delayed. Looks like Amazon is resorting to UPS next day air for many orders this week, so it's a mess. Before that, shipping times were on point. Another issue I noticed was poor choice of carrier service. USPS bound printed materials is about the bottom of the barrel for them, and I had a lot of items shipped that way over the past week.
When we pushed the Mcpick and All day breakfast over the past year and a half (and the previous menu rationalization that occurred prior), we also killed off a lot of our premium menu items and their raw components. And when we did have a million premium items, guests were frequently very confused by the menu, and often expected items that didn't exist, which lead to a lot of refunds and exchanges. Now with all day breakfast phased in with its full form, I personally expect some new limited time items rolling in and out until the "next big thing" rolls out. Such as the grande/jr Macs that we will be seeing this month
