It says I should have $168,000 in savings. Under a million for my projected income when I'm in my 50s. That's absurd
No I don't make close to that. And putting that straight into savings seems unwise when looking at different financial options.
I assume they are kids in high school
When I'm in my 50s that's what people in my feild make But that formula doesn't really account for income over time, it assumes a solid level of income with no changes or large jumps And I more mean the 168k for my current income seems absurd
When both of us are fully satisfied
He works 6 am - 230 or 330 pm I work 8 am- 5pm, but during certain times of the year it 730-late (can be 9 or 10 pm, more often 7 pm)
Dip brow
Be interesting, engaging, delightful, socially able. And work on your appearance.
About a year into the relationship.
Stop calling it that, for one
Not really. I'm not one for small talk texts with friends If it's a guy I've been flirting with, it's different.
To between my shoulder blades I'm not really a long hair person
Somewhat.
The fuck?
In what circumstance can you imagine it being worked out?
I guess for me, if they talk after the fact and consider it ok, I don't really count it as rape.
No way in hell
For some reason, I seem to be like crack for metalheads. I don't understand why. I'm not even into them. I'm not metal or alternative looking *whatsoever* I don't think it says anything about me
I get over it
Nope Most cops I've met are great guys, and we have a really solid police force, but I wouldn't be ok with the danger involved
Nope, I *just* said I didn't look alternative whatsoever I wear business clothes almost all the time, or dresses/skirts. I have no piercings. Very natural make up. Edit: Do scene and emo still exist? I thought those died like 5 years ago. I feel old.
Hell fucking no
Well I don't know any high schoolers and I've never met anyone scene or emo over the age of 20, but I thought the trend was dead. Then again, I'm totally out of touch
Not overly. My boyfriend is 5ft6 and easily the hottest guy I have ever dated. He's stupidly attractive. Anything over 6ft4ish is too tall for me. My preference is 5ft5-6 feet.
Chris Kratt when I was 6 or 7. I was really into Kratts Creatures.
I've always upgraded. I've never left someone for someone but the quality of person I've dated has steadily gone up.
I would think it looks dumb
If you want NYX products, you can get them at Rexal There are also a few beauty boutiques you can find. Some of them sell my holy grail eyeliner by Geisha Ink
I hate it and find it extremely unattractive
I'd be willing to try out a threesome if he wanted. But I wouldn't feel 100% ok with him using another person to figure out his sexuality... that wouldn't work for me. I don't give a shit about him being potentially bisexual.
Any that insinuate the experiences of others aren't reality, or target the opinions of others or the subreddit tendancies. Or any special snowflake style answers. I also hate questions meant to critique users, their answers, and sow discord
Love. Companionship. A partner. Someone who will always have my back. A support system. A cheerleader. A problem solver. Someone who will let me know when I am making a mistake, and help me fix it. A loving critic. Someone who cheers me up and makes me laugh after a long day. Someone who, when I have had a terrible day, can provide safe haven just by being in their arms.
Yeah, there are a few of these, and they are great networking events. I dislike the topics, usually, but I find it useful to meet people at them
Conferences always have networking portions. And then there are lunches, dinners, coffee breaks, mingling with people before and after panels
My relationship isn't mentioned anywhere on my FB. We don't post anything other than interesting links onto each others walls, and there is rarely if ever conversation.
Nope. That's very impractical in the long term and I don't really want to deal with shit like that
We would not date. If he tried to "win my heart" he would be very promptly rejected.
Ideally every day or two. However that's impractical with my life. I can deal with 2-3 times a week. I'm 24.
How To Be A Woman by Caitlin Moran. Bossypants by Tina Fey The Portable Dorothy Parker
I'm too gregarious for some people apparently Because I'm comfortable flirting with and asking out men I'm not insecure enough? That was a weird one
That sounds really painful and I feel nauseated just thinking about it
I think it's super strange, personally
/r/AskCulinary
Ew. Dude. Come on.
Hi, I'm a woman with perfectly normal genitalia who cannot have those orgasms, pleased to meet you.
No because he's not into it I used to, though.
I have them everywhere. Pockets of my bags, inside my phone case, my wallet, and a business card holder
Yeah all the time. At least a couple times a day on week days and whenever I'm at events.
During usually
What do you mean?
I don't find sex that difficult or tiring. I don't understand the people who say they are too tired to have sex. I can work a 12 hour day, come home, and still want to bang.
Dude.
wtf dude. Why would you ask that
I do tell them to fuck off. And they don't stop (which is common)
"Sorry, dear. I sympathize more with the man who assaulted you than I do my loving girlfriend"
If they had said that, surely I would have said so in my post. Since I did not, you can easily surmise that it was the lack of insecurity, rather than arrogance. Being cocky and arrogant is not a strange reason for being unattractive, and therefore would be off topic. They did not. They didn't like women who weren't extremely insecure. I was specifically told that women shouldn't be secure, it's less feminine, and that in order to be attractive I had to be nervous and insecure and let them build me up and base all of my self worth on them. They disliked that I generally was ok with who I was as a human being.
A guy who I've been into and flirting with for a long time
The issue isn't the car. the issue is the discrimination. You were talking about the wrong subject.
I'm trying to answer but it makes me feel super guilty. I'd be really upset if my bf answered this with qualities of his exes I lack :( Sorry I'm lame
What do you mean? Good for them for making their boundaries clear.
She probably just knows what she is comfortable with or finds that she is happier when she has guidelines for herself I've been known to rush into things too quickly in the past, so now I set boundaries for myself in order to prevent that and to keep myself from making mistakes I've made before.
in my experience it's mostly an aesthetic thing, people find them less visually appealing.
In general no But I would say it is very similar to the majority of women I know personally/in my life. But then there is a reason I'm here right? So it makes sense that I hang out in a place online that shares a lot of what I and my social group seem to think.
Because my next relationship was *better* than my longer relationship. We communicated better, had more in common, got along better. It felt right in a way my other, longer relationships never did. He was better than any of my exes. So it's easy.
No, but not being one is unattractive.
Labia and vaginas in general
Nope, not one bit. It's really not a big deal to me, at all
Also talk to her about Nuva Ring. Way less invasive, but it's also one you can't really forget to take.
Dislike all briefs
Yeah that's the part where I cut and run because I assume they aren't a legitimate company.
and I assumed this was a random man who approached me on the street or in a bar and badgered me for my number
Never ever ever ever ever. I would have huge hang ups about that And part of me feels it's just inappropriate. But I'm kind of weird about it
I'd leave him and be horrified and incredibly angry and feel violated Edit: how would you feel if she pegged you with the same dildo she used bare in another guys ass?
Talk to her.
Some self reflection to figure out what it is I'm doing that is off putting to others and work on it.
I would think she was an idiot and my boyfriend was lazy and I'd ask her to fetch me a beer if she is here to serve people
By bringing everyone onto the same level. That doesn't mean men are subjugated. Unless you think that men and women starting from the same positions and having similar opportunities means men are being subjugated.
I thought it was going to be [the Famous Five](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Famous_Five_%28Canada%29)
It's actually a different use of the word radical I do agree that *extremists* are like that. But not all radicals are extremists, and not all extremists are radicals.
They are all restructuring patriarchal aspects of society. I think mainstream feminism relies heavily on the ideas that came out of some of the radical feminist philosophy.
I'm very into eyebrows
Because it's required for my dress code, and because they make me feel good about myself/confident/attractive
Yeah I assumed there was some sort of cultural aspect I just wasn't getting
I'm not a fan of super short, but I really dislike long hair.
Hands wouldn't bother me too much
Yup. I just got over it. Stopped liking them. If they felt the same way, I would think they were a really shitty person for emotionally cheating on their partner by informing me that they share my feelings.
Warm pulsing
Very different but we have some we can agree on
It slowed down for a while due to his diminished sex drive, but it's picking up again. And the once a week or so sex we do have is amazing
Yup, working at the parliament buildings is my answer too
It's so highly contextual, it's almost impossible for me to answer At work, it depends on the person and what they are doing and how much it is impacting our work performance Personal lives, I only confront cheaters if I know them extremely well (ie, my best friend) If someone says something inappropriate, it depends on who it was and what they said
He's between 5ft6 and 6 ft. Lean muscles. Big butt. Some body hair (I like chest hair and a treasure trail and hairy arms and legs). Facial hair. A thick head of hair, slightly curly. Ethnicity isn't a huge factor as long as I think he's hot. Very strong bone structure. I like sharp cheekbones, high brow bone, strong square jaw. Light eyes, green is ideal. He is average to slightly above average in penis size but not significantly large.
Totally get that
Whoever has the smaller cock goes in my ass Also &gt;I am a backdoor sorta fellow so i'd hate to have another get to enjoy my location of choice makes me think you really really aren't ready to be having threesomes
Why is that?
While I'm totally certain it is the exception and most men aren't like this, in my experience the vast majority of men who have asked me out have taken the rejection badly and either harassed me, or tried to argue with me about why. But I think it's really contextual and more indicative of the guys who ask out tons of random women or women like myself who cultivate an unapproachable attitude most of the time, rather than the average guys.
Or Murale which is like a giant beauty boutique! And often does 20x the points and then 20x the redemption
I rode competitively because I loved the sport.
Where I live, trades guys often make 6 figures
At lower levels and younger ages yes. But all the top tier people, trainers, etc are typically male
Simple curiosity.
For me, it's someone who is content to live a life they are unhappy with because improving their situation takes too much time and effort. And so they would rather be miserable than try to improve their life.
It wasn't though because he would cut me off when they were together. Would break up for a day he would get in touch. And then disappear again. Didn't feel like a choice for me to say stop contacting me when you are only broken up for 5 hours.
Yup. And then they would fight if she saw my name in his phone or if she found he got in touch with me during their break up Also we lived a continent apart and I have a long term partner so it's not like he would be cheating on her with me.
I'm sure some do I don't
Aside from the other answers here you could flatter her and say "this is pistachio, that awesome girl I've been telling you about"
I'm not a fan but I don't like gentle, either
Probably has nipples on the breastplate
Netflix and weed
I love them. I've always thought long shorts look dumb
Because it's a good photo?
Like a billion times a day. He does the same I like it.
Even when I'm at my ideal weight I wear them because dresses sit better with them on
Long stubble/trimmed scruff/trimmed full beard. Long enough it doesn't hurt but not a long beard.
It's a turn off to me but it wouldn't stop be from dating someone I was really into Also downvotes are because we get a billion of these posts. And complaining about them just makes people downvote more
Total deal breaker. His orgasm is one of the main reasons I have sex.
Better fitting, higher waisted pants Also thongs now tend to be significantly lower waisted than when I first started wearing them. They sit well below my hips instead of up on them.
Why would you even do that? How would you feel? How can you not see that it's cruel to get angry with someone over something embarrassing that they couldn't control?
Ok I thought she just accidentally passed gas and you started reaming her out If you made it clear you weren't comfortable with it and she continued then it's shitty behaviour on her part to ignore your clearly stated needs.
How are these things related?
Men shirtless chopping wood
Never Edit- cooking is my main hobby. It's a huge passion of mine. As is adventurous eating and going out to amazing new places to eat. I will not date anyone who has strict food rules, including some allergies (like alliums). It's just not worth it to me and it's not compatible with my lifestyle.
Thats not what retourner means...
Why the fuck don't you believe her?
Very rarely, though I'm starting to get to the point where I feel like I can do so again
I come from upper middle class. My boyfriend has a blue collar working class upbringing. He and I both feel the same way as /u/Little_Lion
Moisturizing is key Also oil cleansing method and chemical exfoliation have saved my skin
I've never seen this
Lean and defined. Hate big/swollen/bulky. No opinion on veins.
I'm very small and significant size differences are just unnerving
I like the flat tax rate (10%) my province previously had, with no one making under 45k paying any income tax.
a few months And mine were larger than most in a very very complicated surgery. the only one you can kind of see is inside my belly button
Do you guys not get mandated time off to vote? Companies where I am have to give you a full hour to go vote if you want it
Yeah they removed part of it to use as a larger incision site to fit one of the larger scopes in. They sewed it back in, and all you can see is a little divot
Agreed, wholeheartedly
You are the YA person, right? Any recommendations?
But it seems like it doesn't genuinely make you feel better about yourself aside from a brief moment of gloating. If you feel like an ugly person and a door mat, you need to work on that shit. Posting awful things for temporary relief doesn't allow you to become a person who can be confident and genuinely like who they are as a human being
Oh my goodness, thank you!
We are people too. Not that different from you. It doesn't need to be daunting - just know that women are often just as nervous to talk to men as men are to talk to women. I spent the first 22 years of my life thinking men were these untouchable, confident beings who never had any reason to be nervous or insecure when it came to women.
I am so happy and so set for beach reads for like the next 3 months. Thank you! I have recently gotten back into YA, and forgot how much I love it
Yup. Even now, I'm slightly scared to ever hit on guys, and I'm certain very few men would be interested in me, and I have to work to remember they aren't as scary as I make them out to be.
They assume I like the same things as all the other girls they have been with, and just do the same shit over and over whether I like it or not.
Well I'm now happy in a long term relationship with a guy I pursued its all worked out. But thank you, I think that's are really good sentiment to have
http://www.seriouseats.com/recipes/2014/10/white-chili-with-chicken-best.html Won't be as good with ground meat, but you can make a decent white chili with ground turkey
Dude.
Nope. I can afford a kid, but I simply do not want one. Ever.
I just didn't have anything to say to him and don't feel like I have to be in constant contact with some guy I'm chatting with/hooking up with. That's part of the point of a casual relationship.
I find both sweaty and overly foot-work inclined dancers to be unattractive.
He gets really pissed when people give the advice to "keep his belly full and his balls empty"
Yep a bunch. I've met them through work and hobbies/volunteering and through mutual friends
They were awesome fun individuals I got along with? What makes anyone like someone as friends
Support, and then input if I ask for it
Not going to lie, that's my nightmare
thats more understandable. I was imagining a fairly healthy happy relationship and you were just super close to your female bff and left your wife for her out of the blue. Which happened to a few people I know so it influences my gut reaction.
He feels that it's sexist and diminishes the fact that men have needs beyond what is stereotyped while perpetuating sexual assumptions that can be harmful
Man, that makes me super awesome
Flip the fuck out. I turn around and tell them off. Or a swift kick backwards or an elbow backwards if it's a really crowded space
The severe amount of pain
It would be pretty awesome. My dad is a smart guy and has some great ideas. I think he would do a good job.
Nope, I find that frightfully rude.
Yup. I did it for years. It's SO much work, it's kind of insane. I trained for 2-3 hours every day.
Nope. It's not a priority for me. And I think a number of guys I've dated including my current partner would give me the side eye and find it odd and off putting if I did.
It depends entirely on the relationship. I would buy it and also get ticket insurance
My mum did it. She is the president of her company so she built a home office and worked out of there the majority of her time, aside from meetings and times she had to be gone. We just established some strict boundaries.
Yup. I had no interest in him and thought he was absurd for trying. I've never once thought I made a mistake- the opposite, usually. If he's doing well then good for him but I am totally indifferent. I rarely think about any of my exes. They never cross my mind. I forget most of them pretty easily.
Probably my Louboutins
Even now I assume you are a huge asshole
Food and booze
Several months
Maybe some but not to me
At this point in my life (mid 20s) I wouldn't ever do it. That may change someday though.
If I'm only friends with one of them, I tell them If I'm friends with both I talk to the cheating partner about it
I try to be very discreet. A short glance is all I need
Totally different from my experience
Doesn't happen IRL much If it does, it's because I am insecure and was ok when we were in the moment but self conscious now
A lot of 18 year olds are still in high school Really really weird.
That sounds glorious
I guess I also assume that when a guy is really into an 18 year old, it's more likely because he has the maturity level of a high schooler, than her having the maturity level of a 25 year old. Sure there are some cases where it's otherwise, but I've personally never seen it
I agree regarding saying things, and ideas. But where it crosses the line for me is targeting people in real life, going onto their social media, and consistently harassing various individuals for shits and giggles.
By doxxing them, targeting them in real life, posting links to their social media, etc.
There are people of all ages on campus, dude
The West Wing I think I've watched all 7 seasons more than a dozen times
Just watch the first episode, and see what you think.
Because he wasn't always like that, and while I no longer respected him, I truly thought he had it in him to change into the person I know he could be someday. When that never happened, despite me trying everything in my power to help and support him, I left.
...I haven't watched it either
Sure, a number of times Also, I could *swear* I read this exact same post recently, word for word. Weird.
YES! That's the one
And now this post is deleted? Very odd
I usually do some sort of physical activity, meditate, read, and distract myself.
You LOOK happy! And so much more comfortable. Good for you, this is just amazing progress
Why would it be? Do you feel like he isn't focussing on the kiss? And subsequently isn't as into it, or you? If so, you are most likely wrong. Some people just kiss with their eyes open
Life pro tip - don't believe everything Bruno Mars sings about
So then what's going on with /r/muacjdiscuss?
[Right?!](https://media0.giphy.com/media/qG2h9G9NMRRE4/200_s.gif)
For me it's just that I don't want people taking pictures with my phone or looking at photos to come across something As well as having a space for legally confidential documents
Privacy is when you are openly hiding something Secrecy is when you are secretly hiding something Privacy is a great thing, it's only secrecy when dishonesty is involved.
Mine for sure
Yup. It was horrible. Never again. I felt like the worst kind of shit and he was a horrible horrible disgusting human being.
Being upset with your partner and not desiring sex is a PERFECTLY valid reason to not have sex, and it's disgusting that you think otherwise
Exactly. Part of me doesn't believe that he is actually ok with how she looks without make up or heels, or else this wouldn't have been an issue he would have focussed on so much. It's her choice. She feels scared and harassed and is probably worried about it being worse next time. He DOESN'T know what it's like to be catcalled. Being yelled at by douchebags is a totally different feeling than being verbally sexually harassed and objectified in a way that makes you feel terror and shame all at once. He needs to sympathize with the poor girl and talk to her about why it makes her feel this way. And be a better boyfriend.
