I don't get where the fatlogic comes in. Sounds like they are eating an adequate amount to fuel their lifestyle.
10 pounds in 3 months is reasonable and I would guess that the plan you've outlined will support that. Weight loss is mainly about diet, so my best suggestion is to be accurate in your calorie counting. After eating at 1,600 calories/day for a few weeks, check your weight changes and then adjust your intake upwards or downwards as needed.
Quest and B-Up bars are my favourites.
Are you doubting that you have actually been eating 1,500 or are you doubting that your maintenance is 2,700-3,000? Given your age and weight, 2,700-3,000 for maintenance isn't that crazy. All those calculators are only estimates, though. The only way to tell for sure is to use real results (i.e. weight loss, gain, or maintenance) to tell what your true TDEE is. If you are doubting the 1,500 calories, can you post a sample day that's added up to 1,500? We might be able to tell where things could be inaccurate, if anything.
Even if your calories are a bit inaccurate, at your weight I would expect you to lose some weight even at 1,500. So, I'd say keep at it and reassess after a couple more weeks have gone by. long term, though, I'd recommend a food scale. It's the best tool available for accurate calorie counting.
You have quite a bit of wiggle room in your deficit, so even if your calorie counts are off, you should still see weight loss. Given what's shown, though, I see a few areas where tracking may be inaccurate: - How did you cook your egg at breakfast? Did you use any oil, etc.? - How do you know the grilled cheese totalled 335? Sandwiches are one of those things that can range from 300 calories to over 1,000, so it's generally better to log the individual components (bread, meat, cheese, butter, etc.) - Did you measure or weight out the 1 tbsp of oil in dinner or did you eyeball it? - Did you count out exactly five almonds twice? - Any other beverages other than the nespresso pod? Did you add anything to the coffee?
40-60g of cooked oatmeal may be 35 calories, but the portion is almost nothing (it's less than a tbsp of uncooked oats). Are you sure about his portion? 40 grams of uncooked oats (a normal portion) are about 1/3 of a cup and contain about 130 calories. With the rice and quinoa, I recommend weighing out your portions uncooked, as there is more variance in cooked weight/volume due to potential differences in water absorption.
Yep! Edited my reply, sorry.
Peanut butter, full fat dairy, straight up using real butter when cooking anything...
I worked in a movie theatre from age 15-18. It was a great job at the time even with only earning minimum wage. The entire staff, other than the manager, were high school and university students. Because of this, we were all one big group of friends. In the quiet time between shows, we'd pretty well just hang around and goof off. Perks involved free entry to non-soldout shows with a free guest.
I agree with u/funchords. Can you post a sample 2,000 calorie day or a link to your food diary? Maybe from looking it over we can help identify where there could be an issue.
I used to do my morning workouts fasted for the same reason but I eventually trained myself to eat before workouts and I do find I perform better. I generally wake up 4:45/5:00 and my workout starts at 5:30. Because of the short period of time between eating and workout, I just eat simple carbs that will digest quickly. This usually means fruit leather, plain cereal, cookies, or (lately) pop-tarts (Yum!). To get used to eating, I started by eating about 50 calories worth of the previous mentioned foods. Now, I'm up to 200 calories worth and I feel that's a good amount of fuel for my workout.
How do you mean? I have my MFP (free version) set to 60%C/20%F/20%P. On my food/nutrients tab, it currently shows that I can eat 162g more carbs, 50g protein, and I'm over by 5g of fat today.
If you can still find pumpkin pie Pop Tarts, go buy them immediately. They really nailed the pumpkin pie experience.
That's awesome that you signed up! Duathlons are so much fun! For your first multi-sport event (duathlon, triathlon, etc), a good goal is to finish and have fun. With an event of that distance, you're likely going to see participants of all ages and skill levels. The hardest parts of a duathlon tend to be the two runs. For the first run, you want to pace yourself to save energy for the next two legs. The second run is challenging because because your legs will likely feel tired after biking. This is where the training comes in. In addition to doing standalone runs and bikes, I recommend practicing biking then running a few times leading up to the race. It doesn't need to be a big run or bike, even 10 minutes of running is fine. These workouts are called "bricks" because your legs tend to feel like bricks when you start running after biking. I also recommend practicing your "transitions". This is where you switch from run to bike and back to run again. In the race, you will have a designated spot where you rack your bike (while running) and can leave other items like running shoes, visor, water bottle, etc. With lots of people around you, it can be a bit disorienting doing transitions the first time, so it's good to practice (e.g. practice setting your bike in its place, then removing your helmet, then putting your hat on, etc.). Good luck!
Overnight oats or chia puddings make great make-ahead breakfasts. Depending on your calorie/macro goals, you can make all kinds using various ratios of milks/oats/chia seeds/protein powder/fruit/etc.
If you've successfully cut 45 pounds using MFP, then you have all the data you need to determine your accurate TDEE. Say you lost one pound per week eating 2,000 calories per day, that means you were eating at a deficit of 3,500 calories per week or 500 per day. This means your TDEE (i.e. maintenance calories) is 2,000+500=2,500. For bulking, you can then add 200-500 calories per day for this for "bulking" calories of 2,700-3,000.
I prefer PC Points because I like shopping at Superstore/No Frills (good prices and good selection with PC products) and the PC Points are easy to redeem with "constant" values.
If you want to add more muscle mass over time, you'd need to go through bulking phases to achieve this.
I can ditto your comment exactly! I'm also Canadian, originally loved Quest Bars (and still do) but B-up bars overtook Quest as my favourite.
I forgot to bring a towel to the gym with me so I had to dry off, after showering, with the sweatpants I'd worn over my gym shorts. Thank goodness it's winter and the cold weather necessitated extra clothing.
Most cereals are primarily simple carbs and sugar that won't keep you full. Because of this, I look for cereals with lots of fiber and little or no added sugar. My go-to cereal combo is a serving of Fiber One or All Bran Buds (70 calories) plus two servings of puffed wheat (one serving is one cup for 50 calories).
Have you actually been maintaining your weight on 1,400 calories per day with all that activity? I would think you definitely need to be eating more to support all that exercise.
A TDEE of 1,746 isn't completely outside the realm of reasonability given your height, but my initial thought is that maybe there's an issue with your tracking. Over your 3.5 weeks using the spreadsheet, did you enter your calories every single day? Were there any days that you didn't track and just guessed? You say that you probably eat about 2,000 calories on the days where you eat whatever you want. From tracking some of those days, myself, I can attest to the fact that "whatever I want" can easily be over 4,000 calories.
[Deja Vu](https://www.reddit.com/r/OldSchoolCool/comments/4my9kf/michael_caine_circa_1968/)
My local stores sell boxed salads in the range of $9. That's a good use of a reward.
The main benefit of a scale is accuracy, as others have mentioned. Another benefit is that you don't dirty as many dishes when using a food scale. For example, say you measure out cereal using a measuring cup: when you do this, you dirty both a measuring cup and a bowl. With a scale, though, you just set the bowl on the scale, "tare" it to zero and pour the cereal right into the bowl to the desired serving. No extra dishes dirtied!
I've repeated Hal Higdon advanced plans multiple times resulting in multiple PRs. If they've worked for you in the past, they could work for you again (the important thing will just be to bump up your speeds in the various workouts)
Despite delays from the original dates, construction is still going forward. Many of the units were originally sold more than 2 years ago, it'll be interesting to see whether they're all actually occupied once the mall opens.
It's a "woosh". Sometimes as you lose weight, your fat cells shed fat but replace the volume with water. This means that, even though you are losing fat each day, the scale stays the same. Them after a period of a few days to a few weeks, all the water is shed from those fat cells, suddenly "releasing" days' to weeks' of weight loss all at once.
How often were/are you eating cheat meals? Say you eat 1,500 a day Sunday through Friday and then eat a cheat meal on Saturday. A restaurant meal can easily be 1,500-2,000 calories, meaning you could be eating 3,000 calories on Saturday. If this is the case, you're average consumption is actually 1,700. Throw in some inaccuracies in measuring here and there and variance in your actual TDEE and that explains why you aren't losing. Suggestion: track every day, even cheat days. It's ok to have some days with higher calories, but you'll need to decrease the other days to offset.
There's a little store that sells Chinese housewares in Pacific Place mall, just by the entrance to T&amp;T. I'd try there.
Quest's vanilla milkshake flavoured powder is amazing.
I go to Westside and I love it. I most often visit first thing in the morning through the week (around 5:30 am). I never have to wait for any equipment or machines as they have multiples of most. If you are a weightlifter, the facility has several squat racks and plenty of high weighted dumbbells. If you like cardio machines, the gym has amble treadmills/bike/ellipticals plus "non'standard" machines like rope pulls, a treadmill climber, jacobs ladder, etc. Good drop in spin classes. I don't go to the other drop in classes, but there are a bunch offered. The pool is hard to use on weekends because of families and kids' lessons, but the lanes are fine in the early morning. The layout is a bit weird with random pieces of equipment shoved into random corners in addition to the "main" fitness areas, but this is a plus as the facility is clearly trying to offer as much equipment as possible.
Spices! First, instead of water, I use broth (chicken/beef/vegetable). Then, depending on the vegetables I'm using, I add different combinations of spices including cumin, turmeric, chili powder, oregano, basil, etc. Pretty well all my soups include onions and garlic. If you're not sure what flavours go well together, google recipes based on whatever vegetable you're wanting to use.
My usual mug cake recipe is 1 scoop protein powder + 2 tbsp PB2 + a pinch of baking soda. Almond milk or water to a cake batter consistency then 35-45 seconds in the microwave.
The 15g = 80 calories in the above link is all good. So just make sure you're weighing out 15g and not relying on a measuring cup.
1.5 hours at 375 should do it. Cover the top with foil until the last half hour or else the top crust will burn.
Current PRs: - 5k: 20:20 (those last 20 seconds are proving very difficult!) - 10k: 43:22 - HM: 1:35:59
I wanted to improve at my sport. I've been running races for about a decade and took up multisport races (triathlon and duathlon) about 5 years ago. During most of that time, I was overweight bouncing around between 145lbs and 155lbs at 5'4". They say you can't outrun your fork, and boy, do I prove that true. A couple years ago, I decided I really wanted to see what I was capable of without having excess weight holding me back. Even though I'd been counting calories on and off for years, I buckled down and got serious about it. I deliberately lost weight slowly. Never more than 1lb per week and usually more like 0.5lb. I did this because my training suffered if my deficit was too great. I got down to a lean 130lbs about 1.5 years ago and I've been spending the last few months creeping down to 125lb. I must say, losing that excess weight did more for my running speed than any amount of training ever did. Yes, it is possible to be "fast" when overweight, but losing will will nearly always lead to improvements.
Actual results trump calculators, though. If you've been maintaining your weight at 150 lbs, then whatever you've been eating is your maintenance. Is it possible that you are eating 1,700 calories most days, but then eating more on weekends/holidays/etc? If so, this could be pushing your average consumption to a number closer to 2,100.
I use my food scale on the time! First, a food scale is way more accurate than using cups or eyeballing serving sizes. But, there are even more benefits. One is that a food scale saves you dirtying extra dishes. For example, instead of measuring out 1 cup of cereal into a measuring cup and then pouring that cereal into a bowl, I just set my bowl on the scale and then pour in cereal until the scale reads 30 grams or whatever the weight of a cup of that cereal is, per the box. Second, scales are great when baking. Outside of North America, recipes are commonly written with ingredients by weight instead of volume because it's much more accurate. (Tell two people to dish out "1 cup" of flour using a measuring cup and they will have totally different amounts because of the way flour can settle in a cup). Writing a recipe to call for, say, 200 grams of flour is way more accurate. And, again, you save on dishes because you can pour ingredients directly into your mixing bowl. So, I'd say don't worry about your family. Get a scale!
The [Inspiralized](http://inspiralized.com/) website has tons of recipes sorted by ingredient and dish-type. Personally, my favourites include carrot noodles with peanut sauce, cajun curly fries and zucchini with turkey sausage.
I like to use them to make a buffalo chicken salad. I'll cook the chicken nuggets then slice them into bite sized pieces. Then, I toss them with lettuce, chopped celery and tomatoes, Franks buffalo sauce and a bit of creamy dressing (sour cream, ranch, greek yogurt, etc).
Most people here use MFP. Just log the individual items that you are putting into the Nutri-Ninja. For example, an entry could look like this: - 1 cup blueberries: 50 calories - 1 scoop protein powder: 120 calories - 1 cup milk: 110 calories - 1 cup spinach: 10 calories
Just pick a number in the middle of the range and go with it. From the law of averages, it all works out in the end. With meat, especially, you never really know because different cuts and pieces of meat will have varying fat content. So, it's always an estimate as to how many calories are in it.
I finally tried the [Voluminous Oatmeal Trick](http://chocolatecoveredkatie.com/2009/07/03/kozyshack-oatmeal-pudding/) posted on Chocolate Covered Katie and I was realy happy with how it turned out. Basically, you microwave 1/2 cup (40g) of oats in 1.5 cups of water (i.e. way more than usually use) for 4.5 minutes. Then, you leave the oatmeal sitting in the microwave for 5 minutes before moving to the fridge, uncovered, for a few hours or overnight. Then, you can either rewarm or eat cold. I made mine and let is sit overnight, then I reheated it the next morning. The volume was much more impressive than what I normally get from oatmeal, so that was enjoyable.
I'm getting tired of the treadmill. It's -10 with a windchill around -30, the temperature has been around this level for most of the last month and it keeps snowing every couple days. I could bundle up and run outside, but it's really not appealing.
It's easier to add muscle mass when eating at a surplus. However, there's no way to put on just muscle. If you eat more than you burn while lifting weights, you are likely adding both fat and muscle. So, the plan is to eat a surplus, lift weights and gain both fat and muscle. Then, after a time, you start eating at a deficit to lose the fat. If you keep lifting weights / exercising, you can minimize the amount of muscle that will be lost during this time. Repeat as desired.
As long as you are still consuming minimally required amounts of fat (some sources say in the range of 25-30g), then it's fine to go over your protein.
To curb evening munching I usually do one of two things: - prepare a litre of flavoured sparkling water with my sodastream (takes time to drink and physically fills me) - brush and floss my teeth. Then, I don't want to "ruin" my clean teeth with more food
It's only been nine days. A healthy rate of weight loss is 1-2 pounds per week. Assuming your counting is accurate, it's easy for any actual weight loss to be masked by temporary changes in water weight at this point. Especially for a woman where water weight varies a few pounds depending on where you are in your cycle. Keep going for a few more weeks. If you haven't seen any changes in the scale by then, then it's time to re-assess.
&gt; but they shouldn't enough to outdo the deficit during the week They might be. Are you tracking your weekends or just guessing? I can easily eat 4,000 calories in a day.
It looks like the ranges are accounting for the fact that there are options when it comes to sides. For example, the "Bacon You Fancy" burger meal is advertised as 920-1,980 calories. Side options range from a low of 30 (Weeds) to 990 (poutine). So, it sounds like the burger itself is about 890 calories.
I see from your flair that you lost 45 pounds. How long did it take you to lose that weight? Did anything in your habits or lifestyle change from when you were losing weight to the last few months? How about the holidays, any extra eating there?
800-900 is likely a bit of an overstatement but, given your weight, you are burning something from all that exercise. I think you could go ahead with trying 1,800 for a few weeks and see what happens. Like I said above, though, it needs to be a true 1,800. Not 1,800 6 days a week or 1,800 of eyeballed portions.
All the calculators are just estimates. Since you have actual weight loss results, you can calculate your actual TDEE from that. How many calories did you eat per day over the last two months? 25 pounds over two months is a total deficit of 87,500 calories (25 x 3,500) or about 10,000 calories per week. That means your daily deficit was about 1,400 calories. However, I'm assuming you lost weight faster at the beginning due to an initial drop of water weight, so let's be conservative and say your actual deficit was 1,200 calories per day. For the sake of the explanation, say you have been eating an average of 1,600 calories a day, that would mean your TDEE is 2,800 (1,200 + 1,600).
No. The calories required to digest food are already taken into account in a food's calorie count. Technically, water is negative calorie because the body does use some calories to heat up water to body temperature, but the number of calories is insignificant. Certain non-food items (like paper and grass) could be considered negative calorie because the body has no way to extract calories from these items. But this is outside the discussion.
What are you planning on doing with the unsweetened flavours? For water enhancers, I just buy them from the grocery store and save money by using coupons and the Checkout51 app. One option I can think of is to use baking extracts and unflavoured protein powders. At stores like Bulk Barn and Michaels, they have all kinds of extract flavours. At home right now, I have cream cheese, maple, almond, butter, and vanilla. All work well to add flavour to puddings and amoothies without artificial sweeteners.
Shaksuka! Here's a sample [recipe](http://toriavey.com/toris-kitchen/2010/07/summer-2010-travel-blog-shakshuka/) but there's lots available out there.
That looks tasty. I make egg and cheese breakfast sandwiches with eggos all the time, it's a good meal.
Cut for now. Recomp is for when you have reached your goal weight. If you want to minimize muscle loss during your cut, you may want to up your cals to around 1,800, being a 500 calories per day deficit rather than the steeper 900 per day.
President's Choice or Kraft natural (just peanuts and salt) PB2
The [Inspiralized](http://inspiralized.com/) website has tons of tips and recipes divvied up my ingredient. With zucchini noodles, I usually just toss in a hot skillet for a few minutes before adding sauces and toppings.
I like any meal that involves tossing something in the oven for 30-60 minutes. This most often includes the following: - frozen meatballs (turkey and chicken are lighter, but beef is fine, too, homemade or packaged) - baby potatoes - green beans - brussel sprouts - squash - cabbage - cauliflower - broccoli Generally, veggies are good tossed with salt, pepper, garlic powder and oil before going in the oven.
In that case just give it time. It can take a little while to get used to a new routine.
Are you trying to avoid potato completely or just lower the carbs? I've had a lot of success adding a little bit of instant mashed potatoes (about 1/4 cup of the dry flakes) to a pot of mashed cauliflower. My usual method is to dump 1 pound of frozen cauliflower florets into boiling chicken broth. I let simmer until the cauliflower is cooked, drain, then blend with my immersion blender. At this point, I add the instant mashed potatoes.
If you maintained the month of December (which is a feat in itself), that means you lost an average 1.5 pounds per week the other eight weeks. There's nothing to be disappointed about, that's a great accomplishment! Don't be so hard on yourself. Be happy for the progress you've made!
Yes, you can buy skin on chicken breasts. I prefer dark meat to white meat because that's where all the flavour is. But, you can't force your family to eat dark meat. What I would do it continue cooking whole chickens and then using the dark meat in other dishes: curries for example.
They are both just guesses. Whether the bike or MFP is more accurate will depend on the bike. Generally, all those machines and MFP overestimate calories, so I'd be inclined to go with whichever estimate is lower and then knock off another 25%. To get a more accurate measure of calories burned, you'll need a heart rate monitor. For a frame of reference on what calorie burn is possible on the bike, I burn 250-500 calories per hour depending on my effort level.
That sounds about right, only way to find out for sure is to try. Eat 2,000 calories a day. Let at least three weeks go by (this should be enough time to take care of water weight fluctuations) and see how your weight has changed. At this point, you can adjust your target if need be.
I'd say just pick a number in the middle (say, 1,500) and give it a go. Try eating this amount for a few weeks and see what the result is.
What is the recipe? My answer will vary based on what purpose the spaghetti is serving.
She said she recently started CrossFit so I assumed most of the weight loss occurred pre-CrossFit. Otherwise, yes, the TDEE calc should be broken down between weight loss pre-CrossFit and weight loss post-CrossFit.
It's your birthday, go ahead and eat more. As to whether its a reasonable estimate of your TDEE, if you've been eating 1,500 calories per day and you've been losing 1 pound per week then, yes, your TDEE is 2,000. If you've been losing weight at a faster rate, then your TDEE is even higher.
I think that's a good plan. The human body is not a calculator that resets at midnight. I don't know about you, but I always feel the extra hunger from bigger workouts the day after that workout, so what you've described is how I tend to naturally operate.
Canned green beans are good when you roast them with oil, salt, pepper, and garlic. Sauteeing is also a good option, anything other than microwaving or boiling. I like adding canned beets to salads with balsamic vinegar. Canned tomatoes are preferable to fresh if you're going to be cooking them. You can even roast canned tomatoes to get some extra flavour in them Other than veggies, canned beans and legumes (chickpeas, black beans, kidney beans, etc) are a staple in my pantry. I add them to salads, casseroles, mash them into burgers, add to soups and chilis and many other purposes.
Do you enter your food every day, weekends as well as weekdays? How to you estimate the entries for foods that you buy as takeout? How to you record and/or measure the foods you prepare yourself? As I said before, there is no way you aren't losing weight if you are eating only 800 calories a day. So, that leads me to believe there are issues with your calorie tracking.
It's not a plateau, it's just that you are eating at maintenance. It sounds like you know what you need to do and that is cut down on the chocolate chips and similar foods. Do you track your food intake? Read the FAQ that the AutoMod linked for you. There's lots of good tips in there.
My husband doesn't like quinoa either, but he'll eat it in this [Turkey Quinoa Meatloaf](http://allrecipes.com/recipe/213211/turkey-and-quinoa-meatloaf/?internalSource=search%20result&amp;referringContentType=search%20results) You can play around with the flavours in this recipe, going with taco flavours, or italian or whatever you feel like.
Here are some of my favourites: - [Carrot coconut curry](http://www.acouplecooks.com/carrot-coconut-curry-soup/) - [Moroccan carrot](http://myculturedpalate.com/recipes/moroccan-carrot-soup/) - [African peanut](https://www.budgetbytes.com/2014/08/african-peanut-stew-vegan/) - in this one, you can use different vegetables instead of collards such as kale, spinach, mushrooms, etc.
If you really want to give overnight oats (or smoothies, even) that battery taste, the key is extracts. Like, instead of vanilla extract, you can get butter extract and almond extract. These two flavours in particular work really well.
Weight loss is all about calories in versus calories out. When you eat those calories does not matter and what you eat does not matter (it does for health, but not for weight). You are a healthy weight. That means that if you want to lose more weight, you will need to be very diligent about your diet. Now, while eating less then 1,000 calories a day was not and is not healthy, doing so did not mess up your metabolism. At your height, you should be losing weight on 1,300-1,500 calories per day, so that leads me to believe that your counting is not 100% accurate. However, rather than trying to nail down your calorie deficit, I'd really just suggest keeping to your current diet (since it sounds quite healthy) and adding in some exercise instead. Exercise and lifting weights will not make you bulky. Rather, it can help you "re-comp" your body into something you feel better in and feel better about. Come over to r/xxfitness for great advice on that topic.
Check out r/1200isplenty and r/1500isplenty . So many ideas for meals!
I wouldn't do it. The food scale doesn't really do much good if you don't know the full breakdown of ingredients in what you are eating, anyway. For example, say you're eating pasta. Who's to say whether the plate weighs an extra 50g because of added tomato sauce or because of butter/oil?
It's going to be different for everyone since fat distribution is genetic. I personally saw my legs slim down when I went under 135lbs at 5'4".
Given your height 1,400 is a good place to start. Give it a few weeks. If you are losing too much weight, eat more. If you aren't losing enough weight, eat less.
This is a great rule of thumb! I feel like this sentence needs to be stickied in this sub.
I tend to eat lighter on the weekend because I have more time to prepare vegetable heavy dishes and I'm doing more activities that distract me from eating, like shopping, cleaning and just being out and about. I work a desk job, so Monday to Friday is a constant battle to resist the office treats.
I'm partial to Pampa. Quick service on the meat and great side options (sides include items like beef carpaccio and octopus). Downside is no grilled pineapple.
That's not a plateau. That's just eating at maintenance.
Do you have coconut milk?: [Bok Choy Curry](http://www.sweetashoney.co.nz/bok-choy-curry-indian-style/) How about Indian spices? [Bok Choy and Chicken Curry](http://www.sweetandsavorybyshinee.com/easy-bok-choy-chicken-curry/) I usually saute bok choy with ginger and garlic for stir fry or to have on the side of steamed dumplings.
How many calories are you eating? How long were you eating that level without losing weight? What is your height and weight? In counting calories, are you counting *everything* you eat including oils, beverages, samples, etc.? How are you measuring what you eat? To answer the actual question, plateaus happen because water weight fluctuations will mask actual fat loss. Plateaus normally last up to a few weeks.
1. Being fat is hard. Losing weight is hard. Choose your hard. 2. Time is going to pass regardless. You may as well improve yourself in the meantime.
Welcome to the world of accurate calorie counting. It is surprising how many calories are in "healthy" foods. This is why it is so important to be accurate.
Most likely those girls were not accurate or honest in their calorie counting.
I go all out when I'm on vacation, too. After my last trip, I legitimately weighed 10 pounds more on the night I arrived home than I did pre-vacation. Within two days, 8 of these pounds fell off. Theoretically, if one ate 3,500 calories over TDEE per day for 7 days, you could put 7 pounds of fat on, but I find in practice that the body doesn't really work this way and fewer pounds than predicted actually get added on.
Does the restaurant you are going to post calorie counts? If so, just take a look over the menu before hand and pick something that fits into your daily goal. Otherwise, if you want to keep the meal lighter watch out for dressings, added oil and butter and giant portions. Don't feel like you have to eat the entire meal.
Yes, you log and weigh each individual item. If you want to be very exact, an entry could look like this: - 100g lettuce: 15 calories - 200g tomato: 36 calories - 200g carrots: 80 calories - 1 tbsp oil: 120 calories - 1 tbsp vinegar: 5 calories And so on. Once you have the hang of logging and have an understanding of which vegetables are low calorie (like lettuce, tomato, cucumber) you may feel comfortable just throwing in eyeballed estimates for those.
You can lose weight eating anything you want as long as you eat less than you burn. In general, vegetables and lean proteins (like chicken, legumes, and fish) are good choices. Take a look at the FAQ over a r/loseit for advice on calories. For meal ideas, check out r/EatCheapAndHealthy
Even though I'm not eating to lose weight anymore, I still track my calories to make sure I don't slip up and end up gaining. Plus, tracking allows me to eat "unhealthy" foods guilt-free since I know that everything I eat fits into my daily calorie budget. I don't think there's anything wrong with continuing to track. Even though I'm not struggling with my finances, I still track my income and spending to monitor my habits. Doesn't mean I'm addicted to budgeting. Same can be said for eating and calorie "budgeting".
Different diets work best for different people. Some people do well eating a low carb keto diet, others perform best on a vegetarian or vegan diet. Some people are best off eating many small meals per day while others prefer one large meal. Like I said in my first comment, without knowing anything about your specific needs, ideally you will eat a variety of vegetables and maybe fruits and adequate protein. The rest is up to you.
It's fine to eat that low once in a while. I'd look more at your weekly average than day to day.
I would definitely work on increasing that. If you aim to get more fiber from fruits and vegetables, you'll increase your vitamin consumption as well.
I don't weigh are non-starchy vegetables like lettuce, tomatoes, cucumbers and zucchini. I don't weigh uniform packaged food items like processed cookies, granola/protein bars, ice cream bars, pudding mix, etc. Liquids get measured by volume, everything else gets weighed.
No, a healthy diet will always consist of more than three things. I can't see those three food items containing every vitamin you need. If you need idea on what kinds of foods can make up a complete diet, check out r/EatCheapAndHealthy, r/MealPrepSunday, r/1200isplenty and [EatThisMuch.com](https://www.eatthismuch.com/)
If you were actually eating 1,500-1,600 calories per day at 333lbs you would be losing weight. Do you measure and weigh everything you eat? Do you log every single snack, bite, condiment, cooking oil etc? Do you go out to eat often? Do you track every day, even weekends, holidays, etc.?
Don't take my advice over a doctor's but walking should be fine as long as you aren't getting your heart rate up. I was back at work a day after getting my wisdom teeth out and it's impossible to avoid walking completely.
Depending on how much weight you lost from the initial calculation, yep, it could be right. However, it's not like your maintenance calories decreased overnight. If you're happy with your rate of weight loss on 1,450 calories, there's no need to change it.
No, you won't fail to lose weight by eating too few calories. Eating too few calories can result in missing out on needed vitamins, minerals and protein, but that's unlikely to happen at 1,800 calories per day.
Birth control pills actually decrease my appetite so I tend to have a harder time losing/maintaining weight when I go off them. I think I read that about 20% of women report increased appetite while on BC and 20% report decreased appetite. It's the appetite that's affected, though, not weight directly. So, just keep an eye on your eating and it'll be fine.
Yep. I'm a big analytical/numbers person so I track my exercise in addition to my calories. I like having good data to look back on to assess my calorie needs. For sports, I often use this information to add a couple pounds in the fall and then take it off in the spring. To control my weight to this degree, I need accurate data.
I threw your stats into a TDEE calculator. Assuming you are 30 years old and sedentary, your maintenance calories are about 1,700 per day. This means that you are likely eating about this much, on average. If you want to lose weight, you'll need to eat less than this. You can decrease the food you are eating now without tracking. What I like to do, though, is to first go through an exercise of keeping your eating normal for a week but tracking everything as accurately as possible. I recommend My Fitness Pal for this. For one week, weigh and measure every single bit and sip of food and beverage that you consume. This includes soda, coffee, condiments, samples, tastes, everything. Doing this will show you where your calories are coming from so that you have the knowledge on where you can make cuts.
&gt; If your body is used to not getting a lot of food; it is going to make the most out of the little bit it does get. It will start using fuel like a prius; trading basic performance for longevity (slowing metabolism by keeping food in your stomach longer, shrinking heart muscle, slow moving intestines, lowered body temperature, etc). This only happens during times of actual starvation, when the body has run out of fat reserves. [More on that here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/loseit/wiki/index#wiki_starvation_mode) At OP's current weight, that does not seem to be the case.
I manually add exercise every day. Through several months of logging and tracking my calories and exercise while losing weight, I worked out what my TDEE is excluding intentional exercise. In maintenance, I eat this amount plus whatever I burn. Between running and biking, my daily calorie burns range from 0 to 1,000+ calories and it's not the same from week to week, so this system works well for me. I will say that I don't necessarily eat all my exercise calories in the same day. I often end up "saving" some of them for the next day because my hunger from big workouts is often delayed.
Do you mean you're having trouble with calculating the calorie in home cooked meals or that you're having a hard time finding recipes/ideas to begin with?
Based on the food you've listed, you should be losing weight. How long have you stuck to this calorie budget? What was your exact weight at the start of that and what was your most recent weight?
Yeah, so once you adjust for the cookie, the exercise and the BLT bread, you're left with closer to 500-600 calories for dinner. Still a fine budget. You did well to calculate as much as you did. It's a process to get used to this.
Does it have to be online? I've gotten good brand name bras cheap at Winners.
You don't have to do IF. Most people that do IF only do it because it makes it easier for them to stick to their calorie goal. If it doesn't make it easier for you, then there's no point.
While cardio does burn calories, I find that it raises my appetite such that its no easier keeping to a calorie budget. Cardio has tons of other benefits, but it won't make weight loss easier. I maintained an overweight size while eating "healthy" food and running marathons. It was only when I started seriously counting calories and being strict with my limit that I successfully lost weight.
I would just say whatever you normally eat is fine. Are you trying to gain or lose weight?
Say you are eating cereal. On the side of the box the nutrition label will read something like "120 calories per 1 cup (30g.)" If you used a 1 cup measuring cup to portion the cereal, you could end up with a varying portion depending on how big the cereal flakes are and how you place them in a measuring cup. This means that you could think you are taking 120 calories worth of cereal when you are really taking 150+ calories. Best thing to do is place your bowl on the food scale and hit "tare" to set it to zero. Then, start pouring your cereal in until the scale reads 30g. With this, you know you have taken exactly 120 calories worth of cereal.
I have some [T-Fal](http://www.t-fal.ca/Cookware-%26-Kitchenware/Pots-and-Pans/c/pots%2B%26%2Bpans) pans that work well. Depending on what I'm cooking, I'll use a bit of broth instead of oil, as well.
Doesn't matter when you eat/workout. Do whatever works for you. How much protein are you regularly getting?
Yeah, that's a little low for a man of your size. For vegan sources, nuts, beans, seeds, legumes and vegetables will be your sources. What does a normal day of food look like for you?
I average 40g per day. These are my big sources: - oats - All Bran cereal - Vegetables (green beans, bok choy, brussel sprouts, squash etc) - beans - popcorn
New exercise routines generally result in an increase in scale weight as your muscles retain added water to aid in their repair. Keep doing what you're doing and the weight loss should resume soon.
At your height and weight with so little fat to lose, I think you'll need to decrease these cheats to lose more weight. I'm not saying you need to give these up forever, but sacrifices are needed to get as lean as you are trying to get. This article by Precision Fitness is relevant: [The Cost of Getting Lean](http://www.precisionnutrition.com/cost-of-getting-lean)
I don't think that fiber intake needs to scale up with calories as much as general macros. The minimums quoted in the OP generally are required regardless of the calorie intake.
I find this to be the case, yes. Sometimes I'll burn 1,500 calories in a day from workouts. On these days, I don't usually have the appetite or time to be eating these extra 1,500 calories so I end up under my goal. The next day, though, watch out. My appetite is through the roof.
I've been running for over a decade and I only get the "Runners High" on less than 5% of runs. For me, running sucks during, but I love (and am addicted to) the sense of accomplishment after the fact.
I get good calorie burns from spin class and I have found that going regularly improved my bike fitness. To lean out your legs will require fat loss which will come from diet. Although there are calorie burns from spin class, it's really easy to eat back the extra burn from increased appetite.
How much weight did you lose in the last three weeks? Unless you have an accurate calorie log of your weekly averages over the last year, then all we can do is assume that you decreased your calories in the last three weeks. If you were previously maintaining, then all you would need to do is cut 100 calories from your daily diet to start losing weight again. That's pretty easy to do without noticing.
I've never thought to add chia seeds to muffins before. How does it impact the texture? What's the nutritional breakdown per muffin?
Is that without some of the optional ingredients? I calculated [209 calories](https://www.verywell.com/recipe-nutrition-analyzer-4129594) with 3.4g of protein per muffin.
You can customize your macros by % in the free version (from desktop, go to goals, then edit by daily nutrition goals). For exercise, just don't enter your exercise into MFP. If you want to keep track of your exercise, use something else like Strava or Daily Mile.
The run paces sound good (might be a touch longer for the 2nd run, but not by much), but I think your bike may be a bit slower due to the fact that it's 6 loops. Have you practiced your transitions? Duathlon transitions are pretty minimal. Mine are generally in the 30-45 second range.
I've been using the free version of MFP for years with no issues.
About 300. What does the front of the box say for grams?
That setting is way too fancy for poutine.
Add a bit of lemon or ginger.
I wake up at five and I aim to be asleep by nine so that I get eight hours.
Spin class is my favourite
That's my ideal pancake right there. Nice and puffy with crispy edges.
I often eat high volume, low calorie dinners. Favourites include roasted acorn/kabocha squash, roasted green beans, steam cauliflower and stir fried cabbage/bok choy/onions/peppers. I tend to eat dinner around 6 and then run the following morning around 5:30. By this time, I don't feel the previous night's dinner at all. I think that they key is to drink plenty of water with and after dinner to help the dinner's digestion.
You say you've been using MFP for a year, can you look at the data in the reports section?
$55 per month is a good price for both the yoga and the gym. In the last year I spent $700 on gym membership, about $500 on race fees and probably about $100 for sporadic drop-in yoga classes, for total spending about the same as yours. Same as you, this doesn't include biking equipment or fitness attire. Also doesn't include a few hundred dollars in travel costs related to races,
I find the same thing. Walking a lot doesn't really impact my appetite much, but anything that gets my heart rate up makes me ravenous. No advice, just offering commiseration that exercise doesn't make it easier to eat less.
Looking through your post history, it looks like you are trying to use Reddit to do your homework.
I usually just have stir fry on its own, but some good side options are spring rolls, gyozas, dumplings or kimchi.
It's normal to be able to see and feel your ribs.
I've been in love with this [Creamy Avocado Zucchini Pasta With Charred Corn](http://inspiralized.com/creamy-avocado-zucchini-pasta-with-charred-corn-and-spicy-shrimp/) Instead of shrimp, I've used both chicken breast and sausage with good results. I made a few changes to the recipe including the use of pre-made guacamole and I heated up my zucchini noodles. I did the following: - Season protein of choice with olive oil, lime juice, chili powder, garlic powder and salt and pepper. Cook in a pan and set aside. - Season corn (fresh, canned or frozen: doesn't matter) with paprika, salt and pepper. Cook in a pan until charred and set aside. - Add zucchini noodles to pan with a couple tbsp of water, cover with a lid and cook for a few minutes until heated through but not mushy Combine zucchini noodles, guacamole, corn and protein. Enjoy!
1 kg of weight loss isn't enough to start seeing results on the measuring tape. My guess is just that you are holding the tape differently.
When going to a restaurant that doesn't post calorie counts, it can be really hard to estimate, especially if you are still newer to counting calories. First thing I try is to compare the meal at the restaurant to a similar meal at a restaurant that does post calorie counts. For example, a burger form a local diner compared to a similar sized burger from Red Robin. Second thing is to attempt a mental breakdown of the ingredients of the dish. Say you get chicken tacos, you can estimate x calories per tortilla, x calories for cheese, x calories for chicken and so on. When it comes to meals likes curries, this gets really tricky because there's no way of knowing how much oil, cream, sugar and other calorie dense items went into the recipe. In these cases, I usually just throw in a blanket entry into My Fitness Pal for 1,000/1,500/2,000 calories based on how full I am after eating the meal. It's not super accurate, but it's better than nothing.
I just googled by ingredient. Where are you getting differences?
If you've been losing 1 pound per week with the weekly cheat day, then you are probably fine to keep doing what you're doing. The expected three pound loss form the last three weeks is probably just being "hidden" by water weight fluctuations. Give it, say, another three weeks, then if you still haven't seen any progress, then either cut out the cheat day or decrease your calories on the other days by a bit. For what it's worth, I like tracking my calories on all days, even the bad ones. This allows me to keep track of my true calorie intake, rather than just my calorie intake on "normal" days.
It sounds like you don't actually like lifting. If that's the case, you don't have to do it. Are there other activities you do like? Swimming, running, biking, dancing, tennis, etc. My main health and fitness "driver" is that I get a sense of accomplishment from training for and competing in running and multisport races. This desire to compete and perform well motivates me to exercise (train) and eat well.
"Granary Road is located in the Foothills MD just minutes away from anywhere in Calgary." I guess it's not incorrect to say that, but there's a big difference between 5 minutes and 100 minutes...
Quest are my favourite protein bars but they are so expensive I don't have them very often. My favourite flavours are chocolate brownie, cookie dough, vanilla almond and smore. If you like the chocolate brownie and cookie dough flavours, Costco's [Kirkland version](https://www.costco.com/Kirkland-Signature-Variety-Protein-Bars%2C-40-count.product.100296106.html) are excellent replicas of the Quest bars at a much lower price.
- mustard - blend cottage cheese with dry ranch dressing seasoning for a high-protein ranch alternative - sour cream + salsa - a mixture of equal parts mayo, mustard and ketchup with a splash of Worcestershire sauce - guacamole
Calgary has the [world's most extensive pedestrian skywalk system](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%2B15).
The ideal exercise is whatever you enjoy and will stick with.
OP says vegetarian in the title
I'm about the same weight as you and I aim for 100g of protein per day. I've not had any difficulties adding and maintaining muscle at that level.
Are you eating any fruits or vegetables?
I'm still counting and I don't plan on stopping. Not everyone needs, to do the same, though. You won't necessarily have to count calories the rest of your life. A few months of counting calories could give you all the knowledge you need about appropriate portion sizes and amount of foods for your needs. I love calorie counting because I feel like it gives me the freedom to eat anything. I don't eat a muffin then feel guilty because I ate something "unhealthy". Because of calorie counting I know that it fits into my day and that's fine. I don't have good intuition to self-regulate my food, so I rely on calorie counting to keep my eating at an appropriate level. It's like money and a budget. I don't need to keep a strict budget because I "naturally" spend less than I earn. I acknowledge that not everyone can do that so some people need to keep a close eye on their spending. I see food the same way.
I'm inclined to say there's something off with that first weigh-in and that you've, in fact, lost three pounds in the last couple weeks. Assuming you are accurate in your calorie counting (counting all beverages, condiments and cooking oils and using a food scale as much as possible), give it a few more weeks then reassess if necessary.
The Hearty Veggie and Brown Rice Salad Bowl and Zesty Chicken &amp; Black Bean Salad Bowl are both $8.95 plus tax.
Are you keeping to 1,200 everyday? Can you post a sample day's food diary?
I use cheap cuts of pork or steak in stir fry all the time. The day before I plan on having stir fry, I slice my meat super thin in a mixture of cornstarch, chicken broth base, brown sugar, soy sauce, rice vinegar, sesame oil, fish sauce, garlic, ginger and sriracha. I let this marinate overnight. The next day, I heat up some oil in a pan on high then sear off the meat (reserve the marinade, don't add it to the cooking meat) for just a few minutes. I set the meat aside, then cook my veggies in the same pan. Meanwhile, heat up the leftover marinade and then use as a sauce with you cooked meat, veggies and starch of choice.
You should have been losing weight on 1,200 per day, so my guess is that you were actually eating more than 1,200. It's easy to do if you don't use a food scale. At the time you were eating 1,200, was it seven days per week or were there some days you ate more? Weekends, vacation, holidays, etc.
Found the Canadian...
For sure, a routine would likely help. We all have the same 24 hours in the day. If exercise is important to you, you'll find the time to schedule it in. What kind of workouts do you like to do? If it's something involving a team, partner or group class, it might help to have an "appointment" so that you are less likely to skip.
Ok, since you are a healthy weight for your height, it seems you are "skinny fat". Just losing weight alone probably won't help you achieve the look you want. So, you need to add some muscle. I'd suggest figuring out what your TDEE (maintenance calories) are and eating that amount. Then, start hitting the gym hard. As an (I assume) new exerciser, you should be able to realize "newb gains" where you can add muscle and decrease fat at the same time. Otherwise, your option is to go through cutting and bulking cycles, which you can read about over at /r/Fitness.
- vegetables - popcorn - pickles - protein bars/powder - crackers - rice cakes - fruit Take a look at /r/1200isplenty for ideas. Lots of people post a day's food including snacks.
How many calories are you eating? Does this include every day including weekends, holidays, vacations etc? Are you counting all beverages, condiments, cooking oils etc.? Do you eat out often?
So you've really only been stalled for a month, then, not several months. One month is definitely in the realm of a normal plateau. In particular, your ramping up exercise will lead to increased water retention which could "hide" you last month's weight loss. As long as you are confident and consistent with your calorie counting, be patient.
Cineplex, one of Canada's most successful entertainment and media companies, in partnership with RioCan today announced plans for a new theatre complex at the East Hills Shopping Centre. The opening of Cineplex Cinemas East Hills early next year ensures that Calgary movie-goers, and their families, will soon have another reason to treat themselves to a well-deserved night out. Located at the south-west side of the shopping centre, the new theatre will span over 30,000 square feet and will have seven screens featuring a variety of movie-going experiences including UltraAVX™, D-BOX Motion Seats and for the first time in Canada, an auditorium designed specifically for families with young children. And to keep guests entertained before and after their movie, the new theatre will also have a 2,500 square foot XSCAPE Entertainment Centres equipped with the latest video and amusement gaming technology. "At Cineplex we are always looking for new entertainment experiences to provide our guests, whatever their age, and Cineplex Cinemas East Hills is a perfect example of that," said Ellis Jacob, President and CEO, Cineplex. "We're particularly excited to test and learn from our first auditorium designed specifically for children, which will feature a colourful interior, playful seating and a curated line-up of films perfect for young movie-lovers." "RioCan is extremely proud to continue to expand our relationship with Cineplex as a valued partner. RioCan succeeds when our tenants do, and the addition of Cineplex is a perfect complement to the retail offering already in the East Hills Shopping Centre," said Ed Sonshine, Chief Executive Officer, RioCan Management Inc. With construction already underway, Cineplex Cinemas East Hills will also feature UltraAVX, one of Cineplex's most popular ways to watch a movie with a massive wall-to-wall screen, ultra-high definition presentation and a powerful Dolby Atmos sound system. It will also offer guests D-BOX Deluxe Reclining Cinema Seats, which move in concert with the action on the big screen and use some of the most innovative technologies in cinema today. With the exception of the children's auditorium which will include a variety of playful seating options, all of the theatre's auditoriums will have luxurious seats that recline at the touch of a button. In addition to Cineplex Cinemas East Hills, construction is also well underway for Cineplex Cinemas Seton and VIP. In addition to seven auditoriums that are open to guests of all ages, the new theatre will offer four VIP Cinema auditoriums, which are open to adults only and are exclusive to Cineplex. VIP Cinemas feature a fully-licensed lounge for guests to enjoy before or after the movie and specially-designed VIP auditoriums where they can relax in luxury recliners. VIP Cinema guests can order from an expanded food and beverage menu – which includes a wide selection of wine, spirits and premium craft beers. In addition to Cineplex's famous popcorn, VIP Cinema guests can also select from a menu that features fresh salads, burgers, artisanal cheese plates, charcuterie boards and flatbreads. Cineplex Cinemas Seton and VIP is also expected to open this coming winter.
You'll have to multiply the posted calories by 134% (75/56) to account for the buns being bigger. This is why a food scale is so great!
&gt; Cineplex Cinemas Seton and VIP is also expected to open this coming winter.
Only in the NW location, unfortunately.
I don't specifically eat at a deficit Mon-Fri with extra on Saturdays/Sundays, but I do aim to eat at a slight deficit as much as possible, knowing that there are always going to be random days with parties/holidays/vacation/etc during which I'll go over my calories.
Nothing wrong with frozen! Frozen fruits and vegetables often contain more nutrients than fresh because they are frozen at peak ripeness, compared to fresh fruits and veg which are often picked early and then transported across the continent. I tend to eat a lot of frozen green beans, cauliflower, brussel sprouts, peas and spinach. For meat, I save money by buying discounted, close to expiry meat and then freezing it myself at home. Frozen berries are good for adding to smoothies and yogurt.
Based on your stats, I would guess your TDEE is at least 2,000. I see you've lost 50 pounds already (congrats!). Were you tracking your calories during that time? If so, you have all the information you need to calculate your actual TDEE (based on average calorie intake per day and weight loss rate)
I've never seen a more photoshopped bowl of food in my life. That almond butter doesn't even exist in the same universe as the bowl...
Americans in particular like to call green beans "haricots verts" to be fancy. But, that's literally the French translation for green beans. I find it /r/iamverysmart to use the French term when you are, otherwise, speaking English.
I live in Calgary, home of the [Calgary Stampede](http://www.calgarystampede.com/stampede), and I've never gone.
Do you track your food? If so, whatever food tracker you use should report food intake. Otherwise, what do you tend to eat in a day? Do you eat any nuts, seeds and avocado? Those are good sources of fats in a vegan diet.
About 1 cup / 250ml.
I recently bought a place in Southwood for &lt;$500 which had the following all updated within the last two years: new garage, windows, roof, furnace and HVAC. You just have to look.
The ratio of parmesan cheese to dressing is way off. It looks like cheese dust would end up all over you by the end of eating this.
They may know it but they don't want to admit it.
Through a period of tracking, I worked out that my TDEE (maintenance calories) is about 2,000 per day. Now, in maintenance, I aim to eat this amount plus whatever I burn through intentional exercise. Generally, I estimate about 70 calories burned per mile of running. When I was losing weight, I would eat a 250-500 calorie deficit from the above to lose 0.5 to 1 pounds per week. In going from 130 to 125 pounds, I kept my weight loss rate at about 1 pound per month so that my deficit didn't hinder my training too much.
Don't worry about 120 for now. It's not like you have to pick your "forever" weight right now. Just get down to 130, then see how you feel.
About 3-8 pancakes depending on how big you make them. I use large flake oats, but quick oats would work too.
You need something that will blend the oats. I use an immersion blender for easy clean up.
You don't need keto to lose weight. You also don't need a drink with 60g of carbs after training. Do whatever you prefer, just stick to your calorie goal.
Why does the cheese look like a shower curtain?
A lack of a food scale is likely contributing to some of the problem. Rather than eating 1,300 calories per day, inaccurate measuring could mean you are eating closer to 1,500-1,600. Add in higher days from holidays or eating out, and that could bring you to maintenance, on average. Just to make sure nothing else is wonky, can you post a sample day's diary?
