I don't know if it's the same stuff, but while working at a factory over the summer to help make some money during my college years I had a horrible experience with yellow paint. "Safety Yellow" it was called, and our job was to paint things around the plant that needed to be safety yellow. Doors, poles, rails; whatever. That paint... I literally don't know what it was made of. It was thick, and somehow sticky. Not sticky like you'd expect paint to be, but rather tacky. It seemed when it dried on literally any surface except the surface we were supposed to be painting it would not actually try, and the shit was like glitter. No matter what you did, no matter how hard you'd try to clean it off, if you got any on your hands or a finger or a few spots on your shirt it *would* find it's way, streaked onto your phone or your wallet or pop up on your steering wheel in your car and always magically end up on your skin in the shower two days later. For four years I worked with that shit, and I hated every second of it. Give me the red paint for the heavy fire doors, or the blue paint for the walls, or even the fucking silver and tar paint on the roof; anything but that goddamn yellow paint. Shit was sentient and chaotic evil.
I think (or at least hope) that Bungie has it set up this way so that everyone gets a chance to play through the bosses. So for example, I'm lvl 33 and didn't care to try Qodron last week because I didn't want to deal with fighting him at 1 lvl higher. But now this week I can get a taste of what other players did last week, though it's not as difficult. So in theory, next time Qodron comes around the rounds will be different.
Exactly what I call it, too. "Blue people avatar" or "blue avatar."
PULL!
While I appreciate your criticism and opinion, I have one question; what is the legality of posting Wizards' material online? Games Workshop, for example, is extremely strict about the stats and rules of their games being posted for others to see, and very quickly shuts down any attempt at making them publicly available. So, would Wizards care if I posted the brown dragon from 4e to use as a reference?
Perhaps it was just described as a "green skin woman alien" or something, and the assumption later on is that she must have been a Twi'lek? Idk.
I was really hoping that not only was it like this, but that the SSGSS color were based on the mixing of their ki. So, SSGSS Goku would be orange (red god ki, plus yellow SS ki). SSGSS Vegeta would be green (blue go dki, plus yellow SS ki). Ideally I'd want Vegeta's ki to be red as well, so it doesn't get crazy, but when I saw the blue form this was the best I could hope for. Very disappointed it didn't go that way. As /u/Saratje points out, the golden hair is iconic and now it's basically gone.
You may have convinced me to go Eldritch Knight/Wizard instead of pure Eldritch Knight. The only problem is that I would still want heavy armor because I just like the idea of it, but that way with plate armor and Shield I can be running around most turns in combat with 23 AC.
Hey /u/ItsADnDMonsterNow, what do you think of my [ancient brown dragon stat block](https://jvhageshii01.files.wordpress.com/2015/06/brown-dragon-stat-block1.jpg)? Converted it from 4e and tried to put it in line with the other chromatics from 5e.
Just remember that even a contract can be made null and void if it includes clauses that the courts would fine "unreasonable and that no reasonable person will agree to." It's why you can't stick things like "legally required to sell your first-born child to us" in an iTunes Terms of Agreement.
*1,500 GP, but the point stands.
If the cleric keeps "nearly dying" then perhaps this isn't as terribly unbalanced. The tank is supposed to tank. One thing the DM could do it introduce a few monsters that can get rid of the cleric for a turn or two. Fear him, restrain him, stun him or blind him; whatever needs to be done that just gets the cleric off to the side for a bit. Then the monsters in question can try to focus on the rest of the party. On top of that, focus on more lower CR monsters rather than one or two higher CR ones; more bodies means that the PCs have to spread their damage around. That was the first thing I noticed; all of your examples show the party against one creature; it's natural that it could be burned down quickly because there are four people tearing into it at once. But if there were three creatures; well now damage has to be spread around a bit; they'll either down one very quickly, leaving the other two to act, or they'll do a bit of damage to all three and you still have three very pissed off whatevers to deal with.
You can still think it looks silly, regardless of whether it is historically accurate. This is fantasy, we're talking about. A bit of unrealistic design is expected and shouldn't be a bad thing.
The back scabbard in Shadow of Mordor has a pretty good design that allows the sword to be drawn from the back; the scabbard is really only holding the last couple of inches/half a foot of the sword, so when Talion goes to draw it the sword clears that holder quickly and can be drawn easily.
Coulda just given himself cancer or a debilitating disease somehow. And then you get Deadpool.
Down vote, scroll and move on then.
But that's my point. I don't believe the entire place is going to shit because a few posts like this make it to the front page. It's not akin to murder at all. I saw it and giggled; my experience was made better for it.
I enjoy Star Trek, but just because something "is the point" doesn't mean someone has to like it. He says he didn't like it because it's too philosophical. You say that's the point. I say yes... And that's why he doesn't like it.
Then I like you.
I don't really read it that way, but that just may be my unfair bias. We weren't there, we don't know the tone of voice or how she usually act. It *does* feel like the mother is implying that the mother worked so much harder, the child shouldn't feel tired by comparison and so shouldn't be asking to rest/not talk. Again, that may not be true, but it's certainly the vibe I get.
I tried to follow this video exactly for my anniversary last year. Ended up deboning the chicken quite successfully and made a great dinner, but I could not ever figure out the lollipop thing. Just beyond me, no matter how much I tried.
They are still pretty damn horrible. They berate every single thing Harry does, don't even consider his words when he explains something to them; yeah Harry grows to be very sarcastic towards him, but then I completely understand why. They really sorta deserve it. Logic isn't going to work with them, so Harry doesn't bother with logic anymore.
People like you are the problem... He didn't half-ass it and it's extremely frustrating seeing so many people out to demonize him for this role. Ghost has plenty of great lines.
He stagger from a 365 BH? I literally just upgraded mine last night; got really lucky doing the Nightfall on my alt Warlock and got an etheric light. Might be able to just have my fireteam keep the adds off me if I can just stagger him for days.
Same. Oh this will be sweet.
I see your point. I'd personally like to see the TTKs of Thorn and TLW toned down just a bit; literally every other weapon in the game falls into neat little categories; someone here did the math on it, and I apologize for not having the time to find it right now. But both Thorn and TLW were complete outliers and did way more damage than their "gun type" should allow. That's frustrating, knowing that. I just want them nerfed slightly to fall in line with other weapons, and then auto rifles re-buffed slightly. Then I think we'll be at a nearly perfect state, at least for primaries.
Great guide, but I have a question. I've been out of the community for years. Are people putting together huge sprawling adventure maps now for other people to play through?
Did the 34. Actually ended up using Gjallie mostly for the wizards that kept spawning and rushing us.
Full Auto and Firefly aren't the best combo; better to have Full Auto and Zen Moment, which could help with the stability once Full Auto starts kicking in, and then you could have Explosive Rounds rather than a stability perk. Or if you want Firefly I might suggest Triple Tap and Firefly with a stability perk; I personally love it. Great against anything that doesn't dance around too much.
Step 1: Run up to one of them until it opens and use a rocket, sniper, or whatever whatever you need in order to down it quickly Step 2: Turn 180 degrees and just run to the end of the area Step 3: ???? Step 4: Profit Then just repeat. I never died from them doing two runs yesterday, and killed them as well. If you use a sniper and can get your ally to run forward then run back before you kill the shrieker the death blasts might even just dance around near the temple entrance and not even go near you.
I was under the impression that 7th Edition very nicely fits in with the codices for 6th without any problems. But I guess I haven't played a game in a long time so maybe they don't. Still seems sorta frustrating; I had purchased the Salamanders special edition codex thinking I'd have at least a few years of use for it when I started my salamander army; now I feel like I wasted that money. :/
Yeah, definitely dollar signs scattered around. Well, guess I know better now.
That was released September 2013 with the other SM codices. It's just the 6th Edition SM codex with a Salamander on the front and a special transparent cover instead of the base marine. It *was* a limited edition run, so I suppose I'm not too angry.
THIS IS EXACTLY MY PROBLEM WITH MOST OF THE GAUNTLETS; THE ASSYMETRY IS KINDA COOL BUT FUCK I REALLY DIDN'T LIKE HAVING ONE BLACK GAUNTLET AND ONE WHITE GAUNTLET WHEN I WAS WEARING THE DEATHSINGER'S GRASP.
So I, as a monk with access to Disarming Strike through the Martial Adept feat, can indeed disarm using my unarmed strike/Flurry of Blows and the Disarming Attack maneuver?
I was originally going to make my monk an Avatar, but then quickly realized how awful the subclass was and went with a Bruce Lee monk instead.
Gotcha. Thank you.
I was able to do it. It took a LOT of salt. I'm talking half a can of one of those Morton salt containers with the metal pop spout. Did tests with a few dice using the water, then choose two of those dice, rolled each of them 100 times (3 times each; so 300 rolls per die) and intend to post the results later in the next day or two after some analysis.
Oh sure; once I hit lvl 8 I'll be wizard 2, so the shield I get won't be very substantial. I'm planning on going Fighter 8/Wizard 12 though, so I'll have spell slots for a lvl 14 caster. Thanks!
Tyranids as well, no? Or did they get some sort of 7th edition change that I haven't yet noticed.
Unfortunately I have. I had two absolutely shitty experiences with DMs; one killed me seven times in one campaign, over maybe three or four sessions, before I finally said I wasn't interested anymore and stopped attending. The other seemed to almost purposely gimp my character in a Rifts campaign. I was the weakest of the group, could barely scrap by with double digit damage while everyone else ran around with triple digits, and had my one redeeming quality shat on because reasons. Then I had my magic taken from me, I was killed, then revived, and then re-gifted my shitty magic. Meanwhile everyone else had their powers taken from them and was gifted absolutely kickass powers. And I was blamed for that because I "didn't play the game right." Considering that was my first ever experience with roleplaying ever, maybe that's not entirely my fault.
Fair enough. That's another codex where I got the limited edition. *sigh* This company.
No, gladly not. One friend of mine is our go-to DM because he's so good.
I just finished reading *The Silmarillion*. Iluvatar very clearly describes them as "the children of my adoption" vs the Elves and Men, who are "the children of my choice." Sure that can be interpreted different ways, but it would seem to me that he does take them as his own in a way. This is also the only reference I can find to the Dwarves and an afterlife; "Aforetime it was held among the Elves in Middle-earth that dying the Dwarves returned to the earth and the stone of which they were made; yet that is not their own belief. For they say that Aule the Maker, whom they call Mahal, cares for them, and gathers them to Mandos in halls set apart; and that he declared to their Fathers of old that Iluvatar will hallow them and give them a place among the Children in the End. Then their part shall be to serve Aule and to aid him in the remaking of Arda after the Last Battle. They say also that the Seven Fathers of the Dwarves return to live again in their own kin and to bear once more their ancient names: of whom Durin was the most renowned in after ages, father of that kindred most friendly to the Elves, whose mansions were at Khazad-dum." These are two separate beliefs, but neither is given as the true belief. I'd say it's up to personal choice, and I'd personally lean toward the latter. Especially since there *are* a bunch of Durins that are *supposed* to match the Dwarven belief of reincarnation of the Seven Fathers.
True of all races and classes, really.
I find myself trying to do that a lot. Example; just last night my dragonborn fighter was setting about to loot a tomb; his employer had instructed him to acquire a particular helm. In the homebrew setting that my DM has dragonborn see one's spirit as being the true them, and the body is just a vessel. Once you die the body is little more than a large paperweight made of meat, so dragonborn hold no reverence for people's remains. They honor their dead by remembering them, which keeps their spirit alive. So I open this tomb in a land well known for grandma periodically rising from her grave to try and eat the kids, plunge my longsword upon which I casted Light for illumination in the late afternoon) into the ground, and start casting a Detect Magic ritual before I go touching things. Someone distracts me during the ritual and I purposely turned my back on the tomb to fight the new opponent with my *great*sword and left my longsword right in front of the skeleton. Because my character *wouldn't have been concerned* about anything happening to it, even though I was fully aware my character was probably going to end up fighting a fairly strong undead by himself, and now it had his sword.
Well he asked the Internet, ya know?
Black Hammer can fire continuously and literally never stop until the boss is dead (assuming proper aim, the boss doesn't move, etc.). You never have to reload it.
**Pteranodons!**
The instinct NOT to jump from a great height is really strong in our species. Generally it doesn't end well for us.
Guys, there are two kinds of JP fans. Let it go.
I was commenting the chain of people going "JPIII was better" "Nu-uh TLW was better." I've found that there are exactly two kinds of JP fans; those who like TLW as the better sequel, and those who like JPIII as the better sequel. But neither are wrong.
What I mean is that she's still innocent to me, at least as far as being deserving of death.
Great designs, though I'd personally like them more with a standard "eye" on all of them.
ಠ_ಠ
That could be neat, yeah.
Yeah turtles split off so long ago. I was surprised to learn that.
I see you're playing Destiny.
Then I miss stuff. :(
Funny enough, I actually don't think they are *Deinonychus*. I think they are *Achillobator*, which is exactly the right size AND lived in Mongolia. *Deinonychus* was smaller than the movie raptors by quite a bit.
I honestly think people are looking for CGI to be bad because then they aren't "being fooled." I think this is a subconscious thing. I myself thought the raptors in the holding restraints looked like bad CGI at first. Then I realized like an idiot they were animatronic in that scene. And suddenly I realized I was subconsciously trying to "see" the CGI. Once I stopped doing that I was able to appreciate how good it was.
This is how I planned on eventually doing it. I see shamans as basically being clerics of nature; they worship and interact with spirits the way a normal cleric worships a god. Seems to be the better option. The lack of spirit companion sucks, though.
The CGI and animatronics were so alike that you can't tell them apart. That's a good thing, but everyone seems to want to ignore that fact so they have something else to complain about. Because leave it to people on the Internet to complain about something popular.
The CGI and animatronics were so alike that you can't tell them apart. That's a good thing, but everyone seems to want to ignore that fact so they have something else to complain about. Because leave it to people on the Internet to complain about something popular.
He's sweet until you start fucking with his job or insulting him. Then he's going to fight back.
The acting in A New Hope is absolutely atrocious; I realized that when I was rewatching the films with a friend a few months ago. Only Obi-Wan, Tarkin, and James Earl Jones' voice over is really well done. The acting in The Empire Strikes Back is leagues better for everyone involved.
"Yes, sir." "Yes, sir." "No, sir." "Yes, sir." "Yes, sir."
Do you get everything from the LE in the CE?
The hell is this man being down voted for? You ever see Wedding Crashers? Horrible Bosses? Forty Days and Forty Nights? Super? The Rookie? Female-on-male rape is constantly played for laughs in Hollywood, or at least not a problem. It's disturbing. And /u/Oldchap226 was using sarcasm to acknowledge this point because it's very relevant here. And you guys downvote him??
So why didn't everyone else just play water???
I just finished the Baron quest chain and am supposed to go to Skellige now. Are there lots of cards to buy there? I've really been wanting to build a Monster deck but can never find cards for it.
Perfect! Thank you.
&gt; until one day he gives you a driver that fires a ball directly at the hole from the tee, which detonates into 6 balls that all fall into the hole at the same time, and everything's OK. How many strokes would that be?
Random question; if the ENTIRE inventory got deleted then what happens when there isn't any gear to wear?
Is that true, though? Fist of Havoc was always regarded as "space magic" by the devs before the game was released (when we kept getting the same gameplay over and over again), and the Defender bubble clearly shows the Titans channeling magic in their hands and then throwing the bubble out. They *are* magical, just in a more direct and brute-force-ish way. They're not going to necessarily cast Magic Missile, but they can magically empower their strikes or create a ward/shield. Different kind of application; still magic. That's what makes a Titan a Titan.
His concepts of economy are concerning, though. His policy would flood the market with Strength-based and anti-shank armors and weapons, which just isn't sustainable. I do have to say I appreciate his social policies, though.
I'm of the assumption that the cells are stasis containers that you basically just throw someone into and lock them down in cryo. They keep the guns because it's done hurriedly; no time to disarm them. They aren't actually put in chains or handcuffs and then put in prison so much as they are captured in the midst of battle and contained, like what we see happen to Skolas on Venus. Then for PoE the Awoken let them out.
Being outside the Crucible doesn't mean you die permanently though; Ghost revives are part of the lore. Now it absolutely is still a Guardian killer; I just don't think the "outside the Crucible" part is apt.
Boy or girl?
You're right. I just meant that the Ghost revives aren't a Crucible-only mechanic or something; you can revive outside the Crucible in the same way provided you aren't in a Darkness Zone.
Yes, I agree. What I meant isn't that Guardians can't die, but that the Crucible isn't a special place where Ghosts can revive you. You can be revived from anywhere that isn't a Darkness Zone, and assuming that your Ghost isn't taken/destroyed.
Man; I felt like the part where he'd make them stare at /u/TORFdot0 's family and threaten to kill him and them was bad enough; like some crazed murderer would break into the house in a bear suit and fuck with him. The crab walking just made it worse.
Sorta related; I was around 5 or 6 I think and it was my younger sister's birthday. We had lots of family over. My house at the time was a single-floor ranch style, and we had a basement. [Here's a really shitty layout of the house, which should make this story a tiny bit easier to understand.](http://i.imgur.com/5X4XjPL.jpg) The birthday party stuff was going on in the basement; that's where pretty much everyone was. I had to use the bathroom, so I went up the stairs, turned right and then right again to get to the hallway, and started walking down to the bathroom. I remember it being early to mid evening; not super dark but the sun had mostly gone down. It was May so probably around 6:00 or 7:00 pm? Anyway, in order to get to the bathroom you have to walk by my sister's room. As I walk by her room I casually look in; the door was open so it just seemed natural to do so. Inside it was dark, but it was light enough outside that I could see.... something sitting on her bed. It was silhouetted against the window. I recall it being hairy looking, almost like a wookiee (but again; it was just its silhouette so there were no details or color; it was just black). And it's eyes were glowing kinda like a cat's; not supernaturally but nocturnally, if that makes sense. I saw it and then kept walking; didn't even see it for longer than a second. I got to the bathroom, terrified by what I saw, but did my business. Then I had to get back to the party. And I did so; went right by her room. Only this time I didn't look in; just very quickly hustled back to the kitchen area and to the stairs. No idea what I saw, why I saw it, what it could mean, or anything. I DO know that we were keeping coats on top of her bed, but I don't recall it looking like a coat; it was upright. Whatever it was until I was at least in high school whenever I'd walk by her room at night I'd look into it. Never saw it or anything like it again, so frankly I have no clue.
Thanks, Dad.
The kids ages are slightly reversed for one (Tim is roughly the same age, I think, but book Lex is younger while she's older in the film). Their expertise is also thrown around; in the book Tim was the dinosaur AND computer expert. In the film Lex gets the computer knowledge. And yes in the book she's useless... as you'd expect a small child to be.
Completely disagree with that. Star Destroyers are the main battleships of the Imperial fleet. They are ships-of-the-line and firm the backbone of the Imperial fleet as a battleship should. Destroyers don't operate alone, as ISDs can, and frigates don't have the firepower to do what an ISD does. The SSD is just a specialized and even larger battleship-like vessel.
Sorry to dig up an old post, but trust me; they did. They weren't complaining that the article was wrong, though; they were upset that I hadn't included any EVE ships. Unfortunately I haven't played EVE and purposely tried to stick to IPs that I knew about.
As an aside, my understanding is that it's proper to use an article the *first* time you make reference to the ship in a written work, and then not to use the article after. I could be mistaken.
Remember; Lynch saw the Snitch first in that final dive, not Krum. Krum was just able to overtake him in time and catch it before Lynch could. Arguably, had he not caught the Snitch then Lynch would have, making it an embarrassing 320-10 ending score. Again, arguably. Lynch had already faceplanted once, but then did it again. I wonder if the second hit was because of Krum or his own ineptitude; I suspect that he might have crashed regardless, at which point Krum would have been able to catch the Snitch basically at his leisure. That's a bit of a gamble; the "smart" choice would have been to let Lynch do what he was doing; Bulgaria would lose regardless and if Lynch *failed* then Krum could potentially pull a win, as you point out. But this way the team as a whole gets to save a bit more face, which may have been more important to him. I think he did what he felt he needed to do in the moment.
The way I see it, not catching the Snitch gave them a *very* small chance that his team could have come back, and a very very very big chance that his team would lose 320-10. That would hurt the team more than anything else. I mean, Bulgaria won the last Cup anyway so maybe it's a moot point.
As in the one in 2014.
Apparently it's all from Pottermore. Pretty cool, actually. The Haiti team brought Inferi. It.... it was bad. Ginny jinxes Rita in the chest during the finals though... so I guess it evens out. http://harrypotter.wikia.com/wiki/2014_Quidditch_World_Cup
If I said that around my Chinese co-worker shed poss herself laughing. There's racism from hatred and then there's.... well this. Our generation is too easily offended.
He'd wig was actually played by a few male snowy owls. Males are almost purely white while females have a lot of dark banding.
I just lost a long-term friend because she and her husband were pissed that they missed getting a Fallout 4 collector's edition pre-order, started screaming at people on FB, and didn't appreciate me telling them they were being dicks and to calm down. The fuck is wrong with people? IT'S A VIDEO GAME!!!!
*Quarks*
Based on the fact that the Bible explains that the shepherds were out with their sheep it puts the date closer to late summer/early fall.
Pisses me off and I'm not even a father yet.
Maybe we shouldn't be afraid of our wives? No? K, I'll be quiet.
"Crusader" would have made me piss myself with joy. You get that nice imagery with Dark Souls and knights/paladins praising the sun in there as well.
Eh.... as one with a biology degree I took an animal behavior class, and Koko was part of one of the lessens. I have to say, after reading over some of the transcrips of her "conversations" with her trainer I found it extremely, well, not definitive. Most of the stuff was Koko signing some seemingly random word, and then her trainer "interpreted" that to mean something specific. And I wasn't sold on it. Here's an example; part of an AOL transcript. As I understand people were able to ask questions and Koko's trainer (Dr. Patterson) would interpret her signs for the audience. HaloMyBaby is the moderator for the chat. You can read the whole thing [here](http://pubpages.unh.edu/~jel/kokotranscript.html) &gt;Question: EFRN asks: Would Koko like to have a kitten, a dog, or another Gorilla as a friend? &gt;LiveKOKO: dog &gt;DrPPatrsn: She actually has two dog friends right now one kitty and two gorillas. &gt;HaloMyBaby: SBM87: ask What are the names of your kittens? (and dogs?) &gt;LiveKOKO: foot &gt;DrPPatrsn: Foot isn't the name of your kitty &gt;HaloMyBaby: Koko, what's the name of your cat? &gt;LiveKOKO: no &gt;DrPPatrsn: She just gave some vocalizations there... some soft puffing &gt;HaloMyBaby: I heard that soft puffing! &gt;DrPPatrsn: Now shaking her head no. &gt;Question: Do you like to chat with other people? &gt;HaloMyBaby: That was from Rulucky! &gt;LiveKOKO: fine nipple &gt;DrPPatrsn: Nipple rhymes with people, she doesn't sign people per se, she was trying to do a "sounds like..." Now, Koko answers one question perfectly reasonably; when asked if she'd like a kitten, dog, or gorilla friend she says dog. Okay. But then she very incorrectly answers a question, then apparently refuses to answer, and then Dr. Patterson gives an interpretation of her "fine nipple" response that swings it to something like "these are fine people" or "it's fine to talk to these people" or whatever. Here's another example. &gt;HaloMyBaby: How do you feel about Michael? &gt;LiveKOKO: foot, foot, good &gt;HaloMyBaby: foot means male, right? &gt;LiveKOKO: nipple &gt;DrPPatrsn: Remember that foot=male, right. &gt;LiveKOKO: good &gt;DrPPatrsn: She's acting out a little here. &gt;HaloMyBaby: What about Ndume? &gt;LiveKOKO: bad &gt;HaloMyBaby: Oh dear. &gt;LiveKOKO: toilet &gt;HaloMyBaby: Uh oh! &gt;DrPPatrsn: That's her word for bad! &gt;HaloMyBaby: I thought he was supposed to be her mate! What did he do to you today, Koko? &gt;DrPPatrsn: I don't know... she doesn't have good things to say about him today. &gt;LiveKOKO: down &gt;DrPPatrsn: What did he do today? He did something obnoxious that was obnoxious, but I didn't see what happened. Maybe they had a little tiff. Again; there's implications here I suppose but it's so not definitive to me. I don't want to be *that guy* trying to claim that Koko is all a hoax and none of this is real; I think there is *something* there, but certainly when people act like she was a fluent signer and could really speak to us I don't think that's really true at all.
It's much more likely that InGen had designed a couple of version of raptors, and these probably were a "reject" version that they kept alive for reasons, but then moved on to the JP/TLW versions. Remember that InGen was doing its cloning in the late 80s/early 90s; if raptors had popped out with feathers or bright colors back then they likely would have said "Oh shit, we messed up. These aren't right. Back to the lab to start over!"
Oh I agree with you, definitely. Interestingly, I've discovered a third variant; people who are just now watching the films seem to not like JP as much. My co-worker, for example, never really saw them but wanted to see all three before seeing JW; after seeing JP and TLW she told me she didn't *hate* JP, but thought it was kinda boring most of the time and didn't like it nearly as much as TLW. She's much more of an action-fan, so I suppose I see why.
Well yes, it is explained that the purplish raptors with the quills are male and the white ones female. Problem is both designs are completely different from the female raptors in JP and the males and females in TLW. The explanation given is that the raptors evolved, but frankly that's illogical and comes off as JP3 trying to be edgy. We see in JP that the embryos that Nedry steals have version numbers on their labels, and version numbers were a big part of the books. It makes more sense that the JP3 raptors are just another variety that InGen made.
Sure sure, you aren't wrong. I just need to argue hesitance for people. Most everyone assumes she was fluent because that's basically what we were told.
Our penises do the same thing too; it's the reason for the mushroom shape. Large part of it is also a square peg/round hole thing; lots of species have oddly shaped penises because the females have oddly shaped vaginas. Keeps the proper genera able to mate and prevents intergenera breeding.
/r/mensrights and /r/feminism should be getting along great, because feminism is about equal rights for everyone, man or woman. The problem is the couple of feminazis and misogynist assholes who make both groups look like insane and controlling idiots. I'm a man *and* a feminist who cares about men's *and* women's rights; they aren't mutually exclusive and shouldn't be.
Oh I absolutely would not disagree with you. That's fucked.
It's super cereal shit like this that makes it impossible for me to stay with a guild. I game to have fun; once you start turning it into a job I'm not having fun anymore.
1 of 7 now, no? James Newton Howard won this year.
Perhaps, but I always looked at it as a Borderlands-type of FPS, which has heavy RPG elements. That's how I described it to anyone who asked about it.
Valus has ALWAYS had solar burn; I have no idea what people are talking about. I distinctly remember someone complaining about we almost *never* see anything except solar burn on Valus.
Unfortunately I can't open that at work, but I do believe you. Which is weird, because I know I've encountered solar burn on him before. It's possible I'm just thinking of that rainbow burn from a while ago, but that doesn't seem right. Oh well.
This is so weird to me. I meant *always* like "it's always been a thing that he could have had it". I'm really trying to figure out why I remember so distinctly a solar burn Valus. Maybe someone was just *talking* about it, and that entered my brain as fact? Well, I apologize.
There needs to be a big change. A big statement, and I agree with you; not playing for one day isn't that statement. I'm so torn; I really do enjoy the game and I really do enjoy playing it with my friends, but now I feel like I *shouldn't* be playing it and I don't want to reward Bungie for this behavior, and either way I'm sure my friends will all refuse to play it so even if I did want to keep going I wouldn't have as much fun anyway.
Guys, *there is a version of the expansion that just has TTK in it.* [*It's what is $40.*](http://www.destinythegame.com/taken-king/wheretobuy) You get the entire package in the "legendary edition" for $60 now; that's what comes with Destiny, TDB, and HoW. I don't know if they changed this or what, but it seems like they saw we were pissed that you needed to get the bundle for $40, and so made the $40 bundle just TTK and then made a more expensive bundle for $60. I think I'm even more insulted.
You and I are practically the same person. I didn't get the CE (yet) because I was still thinking about whether I should be an adult or a fanboy. The game is so fun to play, I really enjoy it; whatever its shortcomings I love playing it. But now... after I've been insulted by an asshole who probably gets to keep his job anyway.... And one of the other horrible things about this? Most of my friends moved on from the game a while ago. I was able to convince my roommate to keep playing, and my gf still plays with me. They are my fireteam, but with this bullshit I don't see either of them getting TTK. And as such I don't see myself having anyone to play with except randoms. And that's not going to be fun for me. I really hate this situation, and maybe it's shallow but I can't help but blame Luke smith for it. $40 for the expansion; that's not completely unreasonable. But everything else? Fuck that noise.
People either aren't paying attention to that, then, or taking things out of context. So we *have* had a TTK-alone option the entire time. That doesn't excuse some other problems, but why hasn't anyone payed attention to that?
Hey I'm heterocurious myself; ain't nothing wrong with sucking a little dick. But if that dick were Crota's?
Yes, I understand that. *I'm pissed about that, too.* But I've also seen a lot of people complaining that there is no way to get TTK alone, which seems false.
Apatosaurus. Just trying to be helpful.
Mosasaurus, an aquatic reptile (and not a dinosaur). Just want to be helpful.
I WAS VERY SURPRISED AND PLEASED WHEN I TRIED IT OUT, BUT THAT SAID I STILL GOT MY FATHER TO GET ME A TURTLEBEACH HEADSET FOR XBONE FOR CHRISTMAS SOON AFTER. I CAN'T IMAGINE HOW HE FEELS KNOWING THAT HIS 24 YEAR OLD SON ALWAYS ASKS FOR GAMING STUFF FOR CHRISTMAS BUT FUCK IT THE HEADSET WORKS GREAT AND I DON'T LIKE SPORTS ANYWAY.
HEY EVERYONE; THIS GUY GETS GOOD INTERNET THROUGH COMCAST. LET'S ALL SURROUND HIM AND START CRYING THAT'LL SHOW HIM.
I HAD A FANG OF IR YUT DROP FOR ME NOT TOO LONG BEFORE HOW DROPPED; I SHARDED IT BECAUSE I LIKED MY OVERSOUL EDICT AND WASN'T A FAN OF SCOUT RIFLES THEN AND NEEDED THE MATS FOR SOMETHING ELSE. I'M A HORRIBLE STUPID FUCKING IDIOT AND I SHOULD DIE IN A FIRE.
HE SHOULD STRAP THEM TO HIS HEAD LIKE A TRICERATOPS. TRITHUNDERTOPS!
It *might be*, but either way those were Apatosaurus and not Brontosaurus, which is a different animal.
True true. Potentially much better profit margins.
Do they *still* do that? Because I'm 90% sure my friend had our dilos set to follow him, starting farming for meat and hide, and they would still eat everything that he (and they) killed. I think they were set to "attack his target" so maybe that's a problem? What else should they be set to?
Apparently it only takes a handful of generations for people to forget things; not *entirely* unreasonable if SS wasn't brought up often.
Yes.
I also got mine from the Summer Sale. Last day of it, too. I don't like the glasses, though. *shrug*
Honestly myself and my tribe do well with 5 or 6 dilos. I think our lowest is lvl 10 and our highest is lvl 48 or so (got lucky with her).
I saw one of those.... mated to a greenish one. Did not go near.
:/ So what I mean is, the Ptera will get up and fly away, won't it?
I wouldn't call this gamebreaking, but when mounting a raptor and wearing hide gloves I noticed that my "arms" were apparently left floating in the air from where I mounted. [Pics.](http://imgur.com/a/kwmk8) I noticed this happened again at least one other time as well.
That raptor has Delta's vertical pupil, though. Charlie's are round.
Don't downvote this guy; he's completely correct. Birds fall under the "reptile" group. They are technically reptiles just as much as lizards are. Source: biologist.
OP could always *try* that thing about how you get get two strangers to fall in love. The process where you answer intimate question and then stare into each other's eyes for one minute. Or something.
Here's [a crappy pic of the Carbo saddle](http://i.imgur.com/BeJLuSP.jpg); sorry that it's not more optimal. Was just a shot I grabbed earlier while my tribe was moving location.
*Iguanadon* that gets you more fiber would be awesome indeed; I'm not a huge fan of the *Gigantopithecus* idea; I like dinosaurs personally. If not an Iguanadon then maybe an *Edmontosaurus*, or a *Maiasaura*. *Iguanadon* would be more iconic, though.
*A* prophet of Islam.
I'd love this idea. However, aren't the particular "favored" berries for each genus the equivalent of prime meat?
That's very fair. You make a good point.
"Melanistic" I *think* is the correct term.
No problem! Mind that it's been painted white and red in that shot.
ELEPHANTS ARE BIGGER IN PERSON!
Mildly related; do we know what One Piece is yet?
No he was still a padawan under Qui-Gon. Yoda even says so.
I thought it was the Galaxy-wide term for the children of any species. Hence when you have a collection of many species' children, they are "younglings" rather than listing children, cubs, calves, chicks, etc.
Yes. He actually says as much to Anakin in the film. &gt;"First, I want you to go to the Jedi Temple. We will catch them off balance. Do what must be done, Lord Vader. **Do not hesitate. Show no mercy.** ***Only then will you be strong enough with the Dark Side to save Padmé.***" He really does basically tell him that he needs to fully give himself up to the dark side and kill *everyone* or he won't be able to save Padmé. So yeah, I'd call it a test.
I definitely would have picked it up if it were available on Xbox One or PC.
If I may ask, what are you playing on; PC or console? If it's PC, I felt exactly the same way you did about the controls; really clunky and difficult to play. I was having a hard time in combat. But then I plugged in an Xbox controller and suddenly I was rolling, dodging, swinging, firing spells; all very smooth and I felt like an actual skilled combatant instead of a floundering Magikarp out of water. I think the game just doesn't play well with a mouse and keyboard.
Isn't he flesh below the neck, though? He looks like he is.
If it's a commercial mask, I actually need one for a Thanatos cosplay. wish I could get one.
Maybe that suit is made from spandex.
Tharizdun is the ultimate evil in my setting. He's chaotic evil and was born with the sundering of the embryonic universe. Order is literally physical and mental anguish; he wishes to see the universe returned to perfect entropy, and as such his worshippers would try to help create that future by sowing discord and chaos.
Yeah, but at least they did have people's livelihoods in mind.
I personally find Abjuration to be a great school to multiclass into if you're a tank; refillable ward that *isn't* considered temporary HP? Yes, please.
I have an incredibly stupid one: it's a plain-looking wooden bowl, large enough for one person. When anyone... erm... well when you defecate into the bowl the contents are converted into completely sanitary and edible stew or soup, the exact variety changing depending on the race that did it. Dwarves create a hearty beef stew, elves a hearty vegetable soup, tieflings a spicy chili, humans a simple but warming chicken and rice soup, etc. If you can get a merfolk to do it the bowl will be filled with creamy clam chowder. Why, you may ask? Saw it in a "stupid magic items" list somewhere, included the change of soup depending on race clause, and then handed it to a PC. They.... they didn't seem to know what to actually do with it.
Hell, go with a sort of "samurai who pledges not to kill anymore" route; his character could be a Paladin that swore an oath not to kill anymore, and as a result he carries around a *wooden* sword. As a DM I'd consider a wooden sword a club, and would allow Shillelagh to affect it.
I'd go with just a wooden longsword. With a medieval culture, the wooden longsword would carry an even more obvious statement of non-violence/refusal to kill, as the bokken comes from a different culture and might just look like a weird stick.
If you can get the books, there is already a d20 game for Star Wars called SAGA Edition. It plays very similarly to 3.5. I think you could probably just take that and make a few alterations, rather than trying to alter 5e itself. SAGA already has all the stats for Star Wars items and tech.
The Bowel of Stew?
Most of the kids in his year like him. Lavender and Parvati regard him as a stupid boy sometimes, but even then still seem to like him enough. And Dean, Seamus, and Neville absolutely are good friends of his. Seamus goes cold and doesn't trust him through much of OotP, but at the same time you see Seamus almost *wanting* to go back to being friends.
Oh true true, I was just arguing that there are people besides the Weasley's and Hermione that he considers to be more than friendly acquaintances, and seem to regard him in the same way. Maybe not Lavender and Parvati so much, but certainly the other boys in his year.
You have committed horrible murders in the past. You have violently killed people before; maybe war crimes, maybe you were a killer who is seeking forgiveness and repentance, maybe you killed children or something; whatever. Point is, *you* refuse to kill anymore, as a personal vow, but you cannot and don't expect other people to follow your example. Your alignment is thus "Lawful Neutral," you follow your own rules and personal laws.
&gt; Telling your dm that you don't enjoy being rendered completely useless for an entire session should resolve the issue. Or an entire game. I was in a Rifts game once with some friends. Rolled a pyromage. Part of my abilities as a pyromage is completely immunity to fire, both for myself and what I was wearing. Right in the book. Damn GM sent some people to kill us on the first session. The person in question was lobbing fireballs at us. I jumped behind everyone as they ran with the intent of blocking the blast for them; nearly die. DM rolls an insane amount of dice. I point out that I'm immune to fire. "This is magical fire; half of it still hurts you." Later on I realize that I literally cannot survive longer than a round in combat. I request a magical cloak which basically makes me immune to physical damage; it's in the book and all. GM is hesitant but then lets me have it. Well that's good at least. Next combat comes around after I acquire it, I "flame on" as it were. He *immediately* tries to tell me that the cloak bursts into flames and is destroyed. I had to pull out the book and read aloud the passage that very clearly explains that myself *and everything I am wearing* has immunity to fire. Rest of the party were broken with house-ruled gear and abilities.
*Star Citizen* is coming along really well and when it releases should hopefully provide something like this.
*Star Citizen* should be that new game.
I wish I could enjoy it, but now thinking about the game just results in complete anger because of that bullshit campaign. Everyone in that game kept telling me I was being too strict about the rules in the book. Not like I was a rules lawyer, but rather that I focused too much on what the book said I was allowed to do instead of doing other cooler things like everyone else did. The example given was one of the other PCs, who was a muscular woman who wielded two giant wrecking balls on chains. The previous session there were flocks of dragons in the air. She used one wrecking ball to hit one dragon in the head, then used the momentum to soar up and then hit another dragon with the second wrecking ball, used that momentum, etc. So she was high in the air and just whacking dragons in the face. Meanwhile, I was on the ground failing all my combat rolls against minions, trying to "make a blast of fire" or whatever the book told me my various attacks were. "There aren't rules for what Cathy did," said the GM about the wrenching-ball girl, "Do stuff like that." Okay, fine. Next session we were fighting a large sand monster in a confined room. When my turn came to fight I described how I wanted to fill the room with fire and turn the entire space into an oven, spin the inferno around the sand monster, and cook it into solid glass. That, I thought, was creative and not in the rules. GM said good, that's better. Allowed it, the monster was glass now. I was happy. And then he had it break free and keep attacking us. "Don't worry you did damage." Fuck that game. And that's not even the worst thing that happened in that game.
Late this year at the earliest. Very earliest.
The problem with 3, which is the problem with all the prequels, is that you can see glimmers of good storytelling and interesting ideas and powerful connotations hidden within the overall bad directing. 3 is better because it does a better job of exposing those glimmers than the other two films do. It's often been said that people can see the potential in the prequels, but that "*something*" was done badly with the execution that turned them into overall mediocre/bad films. And in fact, this is exactly what Lucas had with the original Star Wars; a great idea that would have turned out poor because of execution. The reason they *weren't* bad is because Lucas had people to stand up and tell him to do something else. Lucas is a great ideas man. He has really interesting thoughts about plot and story and setting and all that. The problem is that he's not very good at executing them. When he has the ideas and someone else executes them the product is amazing.
I just hand-wave it that they always head to the school on Sept. 1, and then start classes on the next available Monday.
He was made something like a ghost, but not a ghost, and fled immediately. Sirius and Hagrid, if I'm remembering correctly, get to the house very quickly after Voldemort shows up. If Voldemort had just been knocked out they would have found him.
Two, really. One: In the fifth book, after Harry sees the vision of Mr. Weasley getting attacked, he is sitting in Dumbledore's office and waiting for information back from various individuals. Dumbledore is walking around, giving orders and doing things with some of the items on his tables. One of them is a silver contraption that issues green smoke, and that green smoke twists into a snake which then becomes two snakes. Dumbledore mumbles something, I recall the phrase "Naturally, naturally." My assumption is that this has something to do with Voldemort and Harry, the two parts of Voldemort's soul interacting with each other, but what *exactly* is that instrument and what exactly was it telling Dumbledore? Edit: Actually, just found the answer to this question after doing some googling around, though I'd still like to know exactly what the instrument *itself* is. &gt; JN: I was thinking, as you were talking about that, just a second ago. I've just been reading "Philosopher's Stone". There was a chapter when Harry goes to sleep for the first time, and he's in his dormitory, and he has this dream that he doesn't remember again, that he was being tempted to go to Slytherin. I thought maybe at that point, that might have also been that little piece of Voldemort in there, wreaking havoc on his dreams really early on. &gt; JKR: Well, of course, the pain he feels whenever Voldemort is particularly active, is this piece of soul seeking to rejoin the Master Soul. When his scar is hurting him so much, that's not scar tissue hurting him. That's this piece of soul really wanting to get back out the way it entered. It really wants to-- It entered this boy's body through a wound and it wants to rejoin the Master Soul when Voldemort's near him, when he's particularly active, this connection-- it was always there. That's what I always imagined this pain was. Yes. So. There you go. There's a moment when Dumbledore casts a charm and you see a two-headed snake split-- &gt; SU: Yes. &gt; JKR: Do you remember that? &gt; JN: Yes. &gt; SU: In essence divided? &gt; MA: That's in his office, right? In essence divided? &gt; JKR: It's in Dumbledore's office, and he suddenly does this strange-- he performs this strange piece of magic in which he watches images and these are his-- and this snake dividing and that's the way he sees Voldemort's soul dividing. He's playing through his own theory about what's happened and his theory, is of course, correct. That Voldemort, as summed up by the snake, divided. So Harry never understood what the two-headed snake was all about. But that's what it was. &gt; SU: You know, you just answered a question that people have been asking about, talking about that "essence divided", what that meant, so, yes! &gt; JKR: "In essence divided", exactly, and the essence being, the soul. So Dumbledore knew all along that he must have split-- he suspected until "Chamber of Secrets", and then at the point where he saw what was clearly the remains of a Horcrux, in other words, the diary, he thinks, okay, there you go. And not only has he definitely done it, but he's got to have more than one because he's treated this one very casually. Two: What is the spell that Dumbledore shoots at Voldemort during their duel in the same book? The one that Voldemort conjures a shield to deflect, and the one that Voldemort also claims indicates that Dumbledore wasn't trying to kill him.
The government seemed rather bumbling in a lot of ways, and while most wizards didn't hate muggles there is a very clear opinion that muggles are beneath them and rather "childish." Mrs. Weasley, for example, tends to get absolutely furious when Mr. Weasley wastes his free time caring about muggle technology, implying that she thinks it's beneath him/them to care about "silly muggle stuff." Obviously she's not a bad person or dislikes muggles, but there's still that sense of magical superiority that I think pervades the entire wizarding world. So sure, you'd think it would be important, but really most wizards don't seem to care much about muggles or what they are doing. Plus it seems simple enough to fix any issues that arise; destroy/remove the offending artifact and then do a Memory Charm. Done.
Remember that Fudge was actively trying to discredit Harry at the time. It should be entirely well-known that the Dursleys are aware of magic, and as such performing magic in front of them would not be a violation of the law. We even see Hagrid, Mr. Weasley, and Dumbledore casting spells in front of them with no concern at all. Under completely normal circumstances Harry's use of the Patronus Charm in front of Dudley would have been absolutely legal. One, because it was self-defense, and two because Dudley doesn't apply as a "muggle" for the purposes of International Statute of Secrecy as we clearly see throughout the series. Fudge just, of course, purposely ignored bringing all this up because he was *trying* to get Harry expelled. You'll notice that he never once bothers to mention that the muggle in question was Harry's cousin, who lives in Harry's household and has been aware of magic since he was 11. And there is even a line in the books about how Harry wanted to say things to defend himself more, but couldn't bring himself to make words. I assume one of these is the fact that the muggle was his cousin.
Here's a crazy thought, if we're really going into a mad "what-if" scenario. Someone still somehow loyal to Voldemort or his ways happens upon the Resurrection Stone in the Forbidden Forest, uses it to bring Voldemort back in some capacity, and then maybe something "magical and weird" can happen from there. The Resurrection Stone is said to never have been found again, but it's the only thing I can think of to an item existing within the series that would allow Voldemort to return.
It was the brutal death of his innocence. I think it fit rather well, though I like the way the movie did it compared to the book, as Hedwig at least got to go out defending Harry.
He was told 5 minutes before filming the scene.
It's a well-known factoid. I'll see if I can find the source. Edit: [Here we go.](http://scifi.stackexchange.com/questions/66661/exactly-how-secret-was-the-reveal-in-the-empire-strikes-back) Read the first part, which has a source for Hamill's confirming that only he and two other people were told, and then scroll down a ways and you'll see someone else included some interviews and books of David Prowse and Irvin Kirshner that confirm this. Kirshner's book also confirms that Hamill was told "right before [they] shot." So 5 minutes is really more of an estimate than a firm number.
He couldn't get down on one knee for a moment????
I don't think that's true, especially with the latest movie. The Falcon *is* fast, in hyperspace. Sub-light it's nothing terribly special, but it's certainly fast*er* than larger ships that the Rebels had at Endor.
That was just because of the framerate loss on Besbin; all the particles and smoke effects. Crashed his CPU.
Why don't you want this item to be a guaranteed drop? Part of the problem is when things *aren't* guaranteed drops, and then you have people being furious because they wasted time doing a raid or playing through Trials and getting *nothing* in return. It's exactly the same as what happens now when you spend time doing a Nightfall and get nothing usable as a reward, or you do the raid and get nothing but shards. It's infuriating and it's not fun. Make this item a guaranteed drop so you can actually feel like doing these end-game things is worth the effort, just don't make it an instant *max level* item. 3-4 levels, like OP suggested, and you are *guaranteed* to get at least one.
&gt; At the time of Force Awakens she is in her early twenties. Incorrect; she's actually 19 as explained in the novel. Meaning that Kylo would have been anywhere from 16-18. That's entirely more reasonable. Plus we know Snoke has had an interest in Kylo basically since his birth; I'm not overly surprised if he would accept him into the Knights of Ren when he was around 17.
We don't know all the circumstances. I'm willing to bet her mother left her on Jakku *for some reason* and then couldn't return. Maz tells Rey that the family behind her will never come back. But that there "is someone who still can." In my mind, at least right now, this is paramount to saying "You're mother isn't coming back and you know that, but your *father* is ahead of you." After Kylo's failed interrogation of Rey he goes and talks to Snoke. In the novel, Kylo tries hard *not* to seem guilty, and Snoke reveals that he's aware of.... something that Kylo did, and that Kylo can't hide it from Snoke. What if Kylo somehow warned Rey's mother about the impending attack and had Rey taken to safety because he didn't want to kill his cousin? What if Rey's mother and Kylo were in league, and both agreed to hide her for the same reasons?
There's a mythological and biological explanation for Anakin's conception that doesn't break willing suspension of disbelief, though. Shmi is a woman; she has a womb. Mystically she conceived a child through the Force, and carried that virgin birth as a woman would carry any child. Luke is a man, has no womb, and wouldn't be able to birth a child. I can suspend my disbelief when you tell me that a woman had a child conceived through magic and gave birth to that child. I can't willingly suspend it when you tell me a man pooped out a child in the same way.
Would you easily recognize someone if you saw them at 5 and then never again until 19? Not to mention that we don't know if Han and Leia were necessarily aware of Rey, or that Rey was their niece, or any other possible explanation. Fact is, we as fans don't know enough yet. We just don't.
"Hoodlum friends"? We know *nothing* about the Knights of Ren. We don't know who they are, what powers they may have; nothing. We also have no idea if Luke was even *at* the Academy when the attack came. Edit: Also, if Wookieepedia is correct then she's *definitely* 19, seeing as the events of the film take place 30 years after the Battle of Endor. That would therefore make her 19 if she was born 11 years after the battle.
&gt; To accomplish all of this, is possible, but very implausible. And that's exactly my point as well. It's possible. Implausible, maybe, but it's also implausible for a young pilot to make a one-in-a-million shot and destroy the Death Star. Implausible for a child to be born without a father. But these things have happened. I'm running on the idea that Luke wasn't around when the academy was sacked. It makes sense with the information we see; the Knights of Ren are standing around at night in the rain among the bodies of the fallen students. We also saw Luke standing around at night, with *no* rain and fire visible in the scene, on his knees in despair (that's specifically how the novel describes him). Luke probably returned from somewhere, or rushed to the academy after he felt the death through the Force, but was too late to do anything about it. By that point the torch had already been set to the academy and the Knights of Ren had left. Snoke does indeed make reference to Ren being a/the "master of the Knights of Ren." However, that doesn't mean he is their leader at the time of TFA. Even if he is, that doesn't mean he was their leader at the time of the massacre. The fact that he's center-stage in the vision doesn't make him the leader; this is a movie about him, after all, and a vision that Rey is having about Ren as much as everything else going on; of course he'd be center-stage.
&gt;We know the Skywalker line is strong Of which Ren is a member. &gt;The idea of Luke not being at the academy was the only way Kylo could have pulled this off. And I believe that the movie very well establishes that this it the case. You're right, we *don't* know. But that also means we don't know if you're correct or I am. This is *conjecture*, but I'm using evidence from the film to support my argument that Luke wasn't there for the attack (rain being a prime one). &gt;Luke was there doing a funeral for his fallen students We don't know that's what happening We know that Luke is on his knees and puts a hand on R2. This could be a funeral after he starting burning the bodies. It could be Luke falling to his knees in despair after landing at the academy, which he sees is now in flames. We don't know, but I believe that because it is shown to be raining during/immediately after the massacre, and it's *not* raining when Luke is shown grieving, that Luke *was not present for the massacre.* That's the main point I'm getting across. That's my argument. He might be having a funeral. He might be crying over the burned temple, but the point is *he was not there.* And with Luke not there, I see no reason why a 16-17 year old and a group of possible dark-side adults could not take out the academy. As for the idea that Ren is the leader; he might be. We don't know anything about how the Knights of Ren work. Maybe he's the de-facto leader because he's Snoke's apprentice, and the others weren't. Maybe he's the leader because he's a Skywalker and Snoke wanted him "in charge" to cement his fall (the difference between taking part in an attack, and running it). And maybe he's not the leader and, as I said, the other Knights grouped around Ren because they were all done murdering everyone and grouped up around Ren for no reason other than it looked menacing during Rey's vision. The whole problem with this discussion is that we have too much possibility and not enough hard facts. So I see one thing, you see another, and there isn't enough evidence to outright point to either of us as being wrong. The one thing I think we *can* be sure if, that there *is* evidence for, is that Luke was not at the academy when the massacre took place.
We're at odds with our opinions of a story that isn't complete yet. You think he must have been older and I think he could have been younger. We're not going to agree here, so I'm going to respect you and acknowledge that you might be right. I do believe that the attack took place when he was 16 or 17 and that Rey was removed from the attack for reasons we don't yet know. You don't agree with that. That's fine. Should I be proven wrong I'm not going to be upset over it; I'm going off what I think the story is until I get some evidence to solidly prove otherwise. Nothing more than that.
They drag off nameless NPCs, too. Finn isn't the only one.
Thanks for the examples. Yeah you might be right about Harry's captaincy in particular.
Clone Wars confirmed he was. However, always some room for hand-waving.
It's implied between shows. Not shown.
She is? She did?
Neat!
