Deadeye is a priest ADC with the ability to Revive anyone just like the removed summoner did. Ayy lmao rito
I'm still thinking about who or what Orochimaru did... if he did anything at all... http://imgur.com/IQTVJiR
Alright, new champion has a 3 hit passive that randomly silences, has 100% armor pen, or blinds enemies. Way to go rito
True, but the hair makes no sense. White, sure, but light blue? Orochimaru did mess with Mitsuki's body (because of how he's able to stretch), but I don't think he would be bothered to alter a failed host's or his own genes just to produce that colour. So far, it seems hair color is always a trait from one of the parents since no one from the new generation seems to have any kind of mutations, except possibly for Mitsuki, of course, though IMO very unlikely.
In the 127 seconds it took the snowball to hit, Shen's base regen would have regened the base snowball damage. 100% damage reduction baby.
She's from a movie, can a movie really be considered filler apart from the fact it's mostly never from manga? I mean... Boruto, The Last One...
I like to think that movies are semi-canon; true, but not really relevant. Then again, I was all up for Suigetsu x Orochimaru, but when you look at it, despite Kishi's kind-of meh-ness regarding the future Naruto and Boruto franchise, you have to take in account that every new generation's kid appearance and abilities were considered beforehand, and not really random. That being said, while Mitsuki's hair seems refreshing to the whole series and all, I don't think that's the only reason he was given that appearance. That's why I like to fantasize about questionably canon things to be actually canon. But still, though, Suigetsu x Orochimaru all the way.
https://youtu.be/YgsbF2gW3Eo?t=51s Serbian/Bosnian/Croatian is a lot worse. Like it's literally cringe.
If a rengar is in your vicinity, you hear his ult as well, before the ! appears, especially Headhunter Rengars.
Well, you know, Rengar's range is like 600-800, Nocturne's is like 3.5 - 4.5k I think, and Reksai is global.
Veigar and Heimer are also Kaneki Ken, Shaco and Twitch are Crab guy from One Punch Man, Taric is rumoured to be the gay prisoner hero from One Punch Man.
Heim is voiced by Kaneki Ken's seiyuu, I think lol
I don't think Link ever talks lol
8s silence though
There is w, and lately the japanese have been using most of the syllables, and are slowly abandoning b.
I don't know if you noticed, but Jhin has a huge hunchback, like literally Captain Grievous style, that's why he walks like that.
Well, Fiora is a fighter. Fighters usually have something in their kit to help them win trades.
riot@ritogames.com
Wow, this is actually very plausible
Riot beat you to it. Around a year ago.
The thing is, it's kind of disappointing to have it voiced by a seiyuu with such a small character list, also was hoping for it to be a little bit more ominous and a little less humorous. Honestly, to me it seems like there's way too much accent on "jester" and way too little on "psycho".
Why would you want to nerf Rengar?
I fucking hate Nasus
I think thunderlords is better on both of them
She has very high numbers, a very toxic pseudo-CC, but she is also very sluggish and has no reall CC other than the 2s decaying slow. I've been spamming her as a support recently because people are tilted AF when you get your E off on them, but other than that, I'd say she is balanced. Insanely strong with the right kind of setup, but useless against a disengage comp and/or 3 or more seconds of hard CC. All in all, there are champs who shit on her like Vayne, Poppy, Irelia and Tristana, just because of their abilities to outplay her, stun her for long amounts, and/or get her out of her tentacle area of death, but as long as you never stop walking, no champ should ever get hit by any of her abilities - although you buy Iceborne and that relatively fixes your problem once you get in range.
Split push and roam, pretty much.
These are all fake.
Zed has long hair as far as I know.
I think it'll come sooner. I think Jhin will be on the PBE in a week.
I don't think adding a 2s bind is a QoL change.
Swain shits on Vlad, Fizz shits on Veigar, and I'm pretty sure Trundle is Lee's worst nightmare, being able to block his Q, W and even R kick with his pillar.
xDDD gReat Meme, frend 5/7
Rant how? &gt;So, i've lost 5 games now and i've had one of you in all of those 5 games, you were all feeding on purpose, running into other lanes than you were supposed to be on and calling out our positions to the enemy... All on account of you not getting your desired lane in champion select... Perhaps that. Perhaps you should stop ranting and play the game. Also, it's obvious that you're not plat, I never said you were. Yet anothr gReat meMe frenD
He has no range.
Le epic NaCl
Thunderlords isn't strong, Precision is.
I'm pretty sure Super Galaxy Rumble is already voiced.
Hey bro why are you ranting
It will probably be IP restricted, knowing the Japanese MMO tradition. Also, there is no reason to play on 200 ping.
Well yeah, but I was referring to a guy being on an EU server, wanting to play on Japan lol
Again, I'm not sure about it being/remaining global. Japanese hosts are very sensitive to DDoS and/or foreigners creating trouble. Like servers get restricted just because a recently large number made trouble. Plus the japanese are kinda xenophobic, so even though it's Riot, there's that
I'm pretty sure Zed's teaser included rose petals. Cherry blossoms are usually smaller than that.
:\^) rito ples
meanwhile zoom hacks are illegal... But not if you have a monster rig and a ultra large monitor, nuh-uh.
Samuel L. Jackson with a deeper pitch
When you look back at Kha'Zix, a superjungler in the past, what changed about him? His main source of damage was nerfed, his stealth gave less resistances, and recently, tiamat has been nerfed. His mechanics are exactly the same as they were, only numbers changed. So why not do the same to Rengar? While you can't exactly strip rengar of his W resistances, what you can do is for an example, make his Q AD% scaling scale with trophies, instead of skill levels. What this does is delay his main source of damage, as well as give him some snowball mechanics in a sense he'd need to have 20 trophies to reach his current lvl 5 Q. It isn't much, but you don't want to completely gut a champion. As for his bola strike, give it a larger cooldown. I don't understand why his CC is on a 10s cooldown, only to be 6s at 40% CDR. And finally, as for his stealth, make it so that if he enters 175 range of someone his silhouette or something similar is visible - and by silhouette I mean a faint, ghostly Rengar which can't be targeted. I mean, come on, you'd feel a giant invisible kitty cat pass that close to you, right? That would probably give him more purpose in the sense of isolating a target more like Kha'Zix, I guess. Or, you could maybe welcome another concept of changing his Ultimate. Perhaps if you changed it to "Rengar stealths for 3 seconds and gains the ability to leap to his target. If he enters a bush, he can reset his timer and grant an aditional 3 seconds of Stealth, up to 2 times." And if Rengar has enough stacks, the Stealth time would just change to 4 seconds, originally granting up to 9 seconds of stealth, up to 12 seconds of stealth. While this is mainly a buff time wise, let's think about how hard it would be to pull off a chain ult stack; it would generally appear to be less than 9 or 12 seconds. The key thing to this change would be that Rengar would be hardly able to walk into your base and one-shot your ADC next to your Nexus, but it would not punish him in a sense of him punishing people who are off position in the jungle or between lanes.
Evelynn was pretty strong in the jungle when she received the W nerf, only thing is Runeglaive nerfs fucked her harder, and Nidalee, Elise and Ekko became more viable anyways.
Tits are just a fake ass! http://i.imgur.com/ywZy1kY.png
Completely unrelated to Prison School: no, I would never choose a girl with make up over a girl with no make up. I prefer self-confidence and self-awareness.
:\^)
?
I meant that I am not imitating Kiyoshi in my answer, who would probably answer the same xD
Riot said he wasn't an ADC type of MARKSMAN, and a Rioter kind of reacted when people said it's an assassin marksman.
Nah, knowing GypsyLord, he's going to be broken for a year, then he enter the shit tier, then after 3-4 patches, he'll get a buff totally unrelated to his weaknesses which will make him semi-balanced, but he'll remain a top pick. If CertainlyT is Darth Vader of Rito, Gypsylord is Luke.
Post-rework Ryze had a 42% winrate until pro players learned to play him again to display how broken he is.
Gnar Jarvan was the most broken thing in the LCS for a month or so. Scratch-free laning coupled with bully potential and insane burst for a full tank. Every single one of those champions were broken AF on release, with Gnar being a champion that took a long time to learn, while Jinx and Vi were instantly pick or ban status, Vi longer than Jinx because of her utility, and in general, overloaded reliable kit.
It probably has execution mechanics, maybe it's a lock-on skillshot, kinda like Lucian Q, too.
Jinx was shit tier for a while, before she and Tristana started dominating again. I think this was around 3 months before S4 worlds. She's starting to gain more popularity recently, but Corki/Lucian/Ez/Tristana just destroy her. Ult nerfs hurt her a lot. Vi was shit tier after Ult CD nerfs, still is pretty crap as a jungler now. Gnar became utter crap after Q and Mega form nerfs/bug fixes, starting to rise just a bit, but the meta is currently double AP anyways. Ekko was released BROKEN, then made into a tank jungler, and now he's really meh. He's 2nd tier at best, and is only "good" because of his very recent and overloaded kit.
le epic plat 4 playing in silver 3 mmr normal games with 8 kills xDxD Spaghetti
The tunnel is leaked in a screenshot, though
Midlaner,while not an ADC with reliable CC, seems logical.
We already have Katarina
Consdering both the champions and minions seem to be trapped in it, it indeed seems like it's the same ability
A Rioter also said that by using Jhin's ult, you could bypass a Wind Wall, so at the same time, it makes sense.
Riot already said they regretted making Skarner a juggernaut, though.
Instead of reverting, it would be cool if there were soloq, mutiq and ranked 5s. Soloq is ONLY 1 players, MultiQ is 2-4, Ranked 5s are 5 players.
I'm 90% certain it was a Repertoir, very recently (like last week). They said that they failed to recognise that Skarner wasn't a persisten damage dealer, but more of a tank. They also said that reverting changes in general is not a great way of doing stuff, because it's wasted work. It was also said that they could rework Skarner again, but that there are better champions to work on, i.e - they won't get as much bang for a buck as they would with someone else.
Skarner is neither shit nor broken.
Riot considers that when you make a bad change, it's better to make another one than to revert it. I don't know why you're trying to convice me or anyone else otherwise when my opinion is shared with Riot (common sense), and it's most likely all the others have their unchangeable opinion as well. You should go present your arguments to Riot because this way you're changing absolutely nothing.
They revert changes only on PBE
That was a "hotfix" because pathing is very different from numbers and mechanics and will take a longer time to fix, while being an essential part of the game ALL players go through, much less like a champion, mastery or a summoner. It WILL be back, however. Reverts we're talking about never come back, at least not in the exact same form as they did before (champ might get buffed more or less on the ability, depending on meta/champ state). However, the pathing was intended to be like that, it's just that too many players refused to get used to the new system which was more realistic, so now Riot's going to meet the players half-way.
Usually things in quotes mean that the word isn't by definition the exact term, but a term that is generally used (i.e in this context it was a quick, SOS fix, rather than a lowly tested small fix).
Probably until all the salt either is filtered by his kidneys or absorbed by his digestive system
OK, will do
It is, but IMO 1 shot can be blocked especially by someone like Fiora, Jax, Pantheon, and it's outscaled later by every other AS Crit item. It's good for snowballing, but not for anything else.
Yeah, he gets AD. He cant get AS from anything besides AS per level.
Well Happiness Factor exists only because Jhin profits from Crit and AS more than other champions do. As such, Last Whisper has a Happiness Factor of 0%, since he doesn't have Added Efficiency. I'm fairly sure you wouldn't want to build it in place of other AS/Crit/AD items, only as a last item against an Armor stacking team. I have watched quite a lot of high elo people, too, and they all say that LW items in general are not a good buy unless you're absolutely forced into it.
ER-IE-Runaan, but other than that, yeah. I feel like Runaan is his core AS item just because PD is not that strong currently. If PD gets more buffs or Runaan gets nerfs, PD will be better. For absolute late game, though, you can switch out Runaans for PD, however, I don't think it's worth it for the passive and 5% AS.
Sure, on my way.
I think that it's good if you don't have engage champs, otherwise I don't think it's necessary because of his range on abilities and general lack of mobility.
If you don't rush ER, I think IE Runaan ER/Youmuu would work. You could even rush Youmuu as a first item if you're mid and winning lane hard. Other than that I think ER or IE first is optimal because you can buy Cloak of Agility if you don't have money to finish either and you already have BF Sword; you won't fall behind as much as you would on any other champion.
You don't get BT nor Deaths Dance because you lose out on AD... You are reliant on spells, but you do need Crit and AS for your AD to get huge. IMO Deaths Dance is barely viable on MF as a last item, and BT is maybe viable on Jhin as a last item. The bottom line is you lose much more by not building Crit Chance or AS that it's not worth going for something else, and that goes even as far as to knock Last Whisper items out of the game. I generally think that sustain is not something you're looking for on Jhin, unless it comes with raw power. Maybe the new Warlord's could be good on him, since 25% 1400 is a lot.
This works if you're snowballing. I generally like Runaan more because you're able to do more damage when fighting or clearing. You have 4 shots, so having 8 more in total helps, especially when you have 100% Crit later on. Your build doesn't have 100% crit unless you buy a second AS Crit item as a fifth.
I think you should get both, but I think getting Runaans earlier is better. That's why I generally don't like the idea of RFC or Shiv, because it means scraping one of them. Also, they make up the top 2 AS Crit items stat wise, so it's only natural you'd aim for more power as well.
Honestly, the only reason I would get boots second is because a) Greaves have great cost efficiency either way, and they grant AS equal to RFC b) Lucidity cost 800g and give you 45MS on your measly 325MS As always, builds are flexible and not set in stone, but the numbers speak more than any of my words could, all the efficiencies are there. I'm just worried that Berserkers having only have 1 stat which is completely disregarded on Jhin besides his passive is kind of a letdown stat wise, especially on low amounts of AD.
That's just 1250g you don't have to finish right away, honestly, but yeah, with his mobility it's definitely true. Only thing is, games usually snowball in a way he's either crushed as a free kill, or he just terminates anything that comes in range. Depends on your team, I guess.
Well, you need 2 AS Crit items to reach 100% Crit, everything else is AD and Crit, except 1 item besides boots which doesn't have something that enlarges his AD. I don't think forcing something like a BotRK just to get the 10% AD would be worth given how nerfed it's become this season.
Runaan's doesn't waste his bullets. Instead of 4 shots, he has 4 main ones and 8 secondaries. I haven't tested the 4th shot bonus yet, but I am on my way; though, I am presuming it doesn't apply it on the bolts since every shot deducts his ammo only when the middle on hits - this is however contradicted by the fact that Runaan's bolts apply on-hits, and the bonus damage is an on-hit.
I'm taking Runaan because it's 2nd out of the 4 AS Crit items stat-wise, and because of the bolts. Later on you want to have 100% Crit so you always get the Movement Speed boost and so your Runaan bolts deal around 350 damage each. I would like to avoid RFC and BT because RFC is not top half tier of the AS Crit items and because BT is kind of forced seeing as how you'd need to have some kind of ultimatum to sustain. Based on what I've learned doing this calculation is that you don't want to stray off the Crit/AS items unless you're forced to, so getting things like Death's Dance, BT, Last Whisper items or similar would have to be brought on by a specific situation. IMO Energize items are not that great on him because of the limited AA capabilities.
Youumus grants 40% MS with it's passive, which grants 10% Total AD modifier. You'd need to have 100 AD (so basically, lvl 1 with Youmuus) to have more AD than BT. I think you'd get BT purely for sustain, rather than raw power. And if you wouldn't get Youmuu, Maw seems tempting if you're having trouble with Magic Damage and want Penetration, too. BT would probably be good against poke or skirmish comps, but it's questionable whether the sustain on your slow autos would be enough to keep you alive more than the AD would be enough to kill your enemies.
I agree that his early is AA reliant because of the shit damage his spells do (except for stacked Q or E which takes a lot to activate) and that his late game is more spell focused since he can't get in range as easily (he's glass cannon lol), but I don't agree that you'd get utility AD over Crit AD unless you're forced to. Jhin scales super hard into the late game and I think more than one utility AD item will harm him as he won't have 100% Crit. This is however solved if you sell boots, but that super late game, and it's questionable whether you'll be able to enter that stage of the game a lot. The reason why I don't like Critless AD items is because any Crit AD item is always going to give Jhin more AD than Mercurial, DD or BT.
Not only that, they Crit 100% of the time later on.
Any champion's build has more letters than a tl;dr even without comments on whether it's good or bad.
Runaan's passive minimum highest worth is 1788g, yet it offers more stat-wise. Also, DD is 99,64% gold efficient with Physical Damage-only Spell Vamp and 15% damage taken as bleed. 15% damage take as bleed isn't damage reduction - it's basically damage minus 2 seconds of regen, which ranges from anywhere between 4HP to 30HP (I'm guessing base + health pot). Now what has 15% damage reduction is PD, on one target. DD's passive is nowhere near 1929g, it's base stats aren't even gold efficient, and it's passives are much needed to go above 100% gold efficiency. If we consider that 3/4 of Jhin's abilities are AD, then we could multiply the 412.5g worth of Spell Vamp by 75%, roughly, to gain 309g of SV worth. By granting 4-30HP dmg reduction, is the same as giving 2-15 HP/s, so it's 10 - 75 HP/5, which results in 150 - 1125g at level 18 IF it we're a permanent buff. Since we could say you receive damage around 5% of the time in a game, we'll multiply it by 0.05, getting 8 - 56g at lvl 18, with 30 - 225g at lvl 1. Now it's fairly obvious which is the winner. DD can't compete long term, and Youmuu wins against it any day. If you need sustain, BT is better since your crits do more damage than any of your abilities.
I guess I'll have to test it out and see, it's almost impossible to get Jhin on PBE :\^)
10% AS gives him 2.5% Total AD, 10% Crit gives him 4% Total AD. I think you want to avoid both AS and Crit in your pages. The reason for this is the following - you can't get a lot more than 300-400 AD - this means that at most, from runes you could get either around 7.5% of that from AS, or around 8% from Crit Chance. Those would equal around 23-30 AD. Now, if you get flat 15 AD, your build will automatically give you around 15-17 more, because of the multiplier. In the end, it seems running flat AD gives you more both in the beginning and in the end than AS or Crit Chance. That's why I run the most standard 15 AD, 9 Armor, 12 MR Runepage on him. I don't believe in RNGesus on him, anyways.
IMO Gunblade is just a lamer version of Death's Dance. You're sacrificing too much to get AP which you use on 1 skill. Also, it's fairly expensive. If you need survavability BT&gt;Maw&gt;DD IMO. I wouldn't ever get Shiv because of his lower Crit, therefore, lower efficiency. Ačsp, no point getting over 100% Crit Chance. 100% Crit isn't only because of AA's, it's also because of damage. The 30% Crit you said you could avoid is 12% Total AD, which amounts to roughly 36AD (considering you'd have around 300AD without multipliers lategame), and that's only from the Crit portion of an item, let alone the AS portion. IMO if you want to go AP, I'd go a full AP build, rather than hybrid. Something like Lich Bane, Ludens, Nashors, Rabadon. Too cheesy to go into detail for me, though.
Well, you know, against a 300 Armor Nasus/Malph/Rammus it definitely becomes mandatory xD
It's good for cheesing when ahead, justl ike RFC on Rengar, basically. I think it's not that good against people who are smart. It's powerful as a zone control mean, but then again, what's an RFC auto against a jungler coming to have some fun?
I just checked - Runaan's bolts do not apply the missing damage, only the main one does. All 3 crit, though.
Double IE is a waste of stats IMO, your build isn't 40% CDR and has 90% Crit Chance- it has 746 AD, which is indeed more, but it also lacks Runaan passive (not mandatory for late game tbh), it has a bit less MS, 10% less Crit Chance (not VERY important, but still, kind of a shame because your MS on hit isn't guaranteed), but it has the sustain. Overall, while I don't think your build is optimal, I think it's a good tradeoff for a single target sustain Jhin, even though I'd appreciate a bit more utility over pure damage. All that matters is that the build suits you - it's not really for me since it's a bit more expensive and trades off a few stats just for 50 AD.
You don't run 100% Crit for only damage and AD scaling, it's for the guaranteed MS you get from your passive. Also, I'm not sure what you're saying - it seems to me you're saying a second AS Crit item is better than damage, which is exactly what I was saying. Correct me if I'm wrong.
Yeah. Even if you buy a Zeal item first you get around 50-55 AD for free. With a Zeal item + ER you have around 250 AD. But yeah, this would be an example build against a skrimish/pick comp. I forgot to mention, though, Sterak's Gage would also be viable against something like a Rengar or Zed due to his relatively high HP stats for an ADC as a survivability item
I'm almost certain Riot said there will be no bundles starting 2016, but the skin will come on sale some time during 3 months after his release.
Good stats along with a passive. Runaan is already stat efficient without it's passive, and the passive increases Jhin's AA damage by quite a lot when clearing waves and reduces the mana he'd use for clear so he can use it for a fight.
You don't buy Runaan's for the multi hit on enemies, but rather for minions. I think it just has better mid game stats and passive than PD, which is why I'd buy it second.
If you're running sustain you will either have to a) Skip IE or build it first but skip ER, while building only Zeal from the AS Crit item b) Skip the first AS Crit item and replace it with sustain c) Build it as a final item, after 2 Crit and 2 AS Crit items To have the maximum efficiency with his passive, Jhin in general cannot build Sustain wtihout sacrificing his passive scaling. Even then, his sustain isn't that great due to all AoE skills and slow, limited AAs. However, if you have trouble sustaining early, maybe Grasp of the Undying would help you for starters.
Flat 15 AD is the best at every stage of the game based on my calculations
It's better than PD early-mid game, gives him more waveclear for less mana, later on if you decide to build BT his sustain isn't awful because of the bolts. Runaan is just a very good item you can buy for very little money. Jack of all trades so to say.
I tested him with all 4, RFC is the best early on, but if you want BT later on, you have to switch to Runaans, otherwise you'll have a hard time sustaining. To have an optimal build, you generally want to avoid selling huge items.
Doesn't apply missing health damage, but bolts refresh his movement speed from crit, and crit on 4th shot. They don't deduct additional bullets, seems like the bullet mechanism is seperated from on-hits
I was expecting a spaghetti Q
Probably Imp
You can use Shaco's box to block skillshots, especially Blitzcrank or Thresh hook. Only thing you have to do is cast it max 0.5 seconds after they launch the hook.
Interesting how rioters are forcing Vel'Koz into the update, but ignoring the reason why he isn't played - unreliability and lack of mobility. I'm pretty sure that if they gave him better scaling, he would be played a lot more. He's basically sacrificing his mobility (mid-late game) for his early-earlymid game, but his low scaling already doubles the sacrifice. Low damage with low mobility late game is just too much.
\&gt;Tfw silver tells you your Ahri pick is a noob champ \&gt;Tfw that guy plays Yi
Not really, it would be the same as boosting, pretty much. You could, however, try to obtain a b5 account, however that would be illegal as well.
Inb4 he picks Darius I'm absolutely trash at playing... Or Annie...
Usually when low elo says noob champ, they refer to champions that are strong due to their kit, not the way they're played, and more than often, such champions lack skillshots / complex mechanics. I just foind it funny that someone who played an entirely point and click champion was salty over me blowing him up with a mostly skillshot champion of the same squishiness
Have you heard of this thing called qss
Pretty sure Tabu is Swain now, and that the most of Well's core kit is Nami.
&gt;GP doesn't have anything surprise-worthy If you don't consider getting hit with a barrel by a Trinity, IE, Youmuu, RFC, BT GP a surprise, that is.
No, but it applies on barrels
What is CDR against armorpen and flat ad
Even if it doesn't kill you, there is the Darius ult passive ayylmao
His armor pen is bonus, not flat, only better thing than BT would be Deaths Dance
It's not a bug with Jhin or whatever, Whoever used any type of zoom enhancer knows that the stutter happens once you leave the maximum vision range of the highest resolution monitor on the market. For an example, before the SR update, actually in season 3, if you zoomed out of 1080p range, you'd get the same stutters, but now only if you zoom out of 2160p, you get the stutters... This is most likely optimization made by Riot to give less priority to things you wouldn't usually render, i.e a minimal version of occlusion culling (what is outside the reach of camera isn't rendered, in this case, things are partially rendered, imo it's only about 33-50% of the frames you'd normally render). This is also further proven by the fact that only far-away targets stutter, but not the targets which would normally be in range.
How did it come with Jhin when it existed for several seasons? What's even more incredible, it probably isn't even a bug
Why don't you make it so it gradually zooms out, ex. it starts of normally then zooms out over 1 second to the full duration? This way, it's not an instant change, and you usually fire off your ulti if the enemy is in locked camera range, so it makes sense to gradually increase the range as they run from it.
She clocc me
Playing a year more than you and have around 95 champs. If you played more, you'd have more champions as well.
I really doubt a company like Tencent would sell anything like Riot to Microsoft.
I think Riot is making a big mistake by ignoring the most vocal part of the community (and more than anything, the pros) in a time they finally have some strong competition. I stopped playing Ranked altogether, solo people in my ranks are just too bad and unknowledgeable, while premades can be annoying both to play against and with. I just wish that soloq would become what it once was in at least some way - a test of skill, not a test of luck. I want the clown fiestas and I want trolls back, but getting absolutely shitstomped by enemy performance or by the negativity from your premade team is just too much. Other games have better solutions. Ranked as it is now is just complete shit for solo players.
There has not been a single pro who said that DQ is going to be a better experience for those who want to improve than new solo queue. Like even qt who is known to fuck around said that DQ would only be used for dumb ass shit premading as 3+ people.
3rd most popular topic is hentai, this is how fucked up the community is..
The level of literary is pretty much the same like the level of morally acceptable. Especially when you think there are things like Annie, any female yordle or hell, even Reksai or Anivia Google is too chill.
Dude, smite should be available once your reach Platinum, with Lee unlocking in Diamond.
This game has turned to shit after Lyte's department. He was the only one we could count on.
They do. I have a friend who likes to gross me out with shit that not even Papa Franku would fuck around with.
The issues for high elo and the others are perhaps different, but the root is the same. Surely high elo doesn't have a problem with premades in the sense they are treated badly if they're not a part of them, but just like that, lower elo doesn't usually have a problem of getting shitstomped by premades because, well, most of them are ape shit at that level. Generally, the part where Riot fucked up the most is sacrificing the minority in game (sometimes not even that since 2 people can ruin a game) so the majority could be happy with premading (again, it can also be a minority, depending on how bad they are), but it was proven through history that democracy, as a form of rule or power that takes the quantity instead of quality, is generally bad.
It's not about mechanics, it's about knowing the role of your champion. I'd settle for the worst Lee Sin there is mechanically if he knew how to adapt his playstyle and build according to the game, and I think lots of people besides me are really sick of seeing Hydra rushing 0/5 Lees.
Nah, they did. They listened when the game was too snowbally, and when people were complaining to cancerous jungle stacking items. In fact, I believe that they generally care about the game, but this was not an attack on game balance as much it was an attack on their players' freedom, which is both cool and lame at the same time. In other words, this does not affect people who play a game that Riot wants LoL to be, but rather people who are the fallout of the fact that online gaming never was and never will be fully team based.
But were they really wrong? I mean boosters have an easier time and the mistakes are visible... Everyone who is affected by it in a direct way is either laughing or crying in Riot's face, and it's sad to see Riot just accepting it. And when I think about it, I am really scared to think that this isn't just Riot trying to deny their mistakes, I'm actually scared they genuinely believe that they can force such a change because it's the right thing to do...
&gt; You mean people working as a team to achieve their collective mmr? The restrictions on what elos can queue together still exist so I don't know what you mean by this. I mean what I said. I know a few people who have a much easier time boosting because of this. They specifically said that Riot hit the sweet spot for boosting with exp requirements reductions and dynamic queue. They never have to worry about getting banned. &gt;Like what? The tradeoffs are certainly visible but they are positive for 99% of the community. Yeah, yeah, fishy statistics, definitely not some kind of survey conducted on more than half of leagues players. &gt;The is hyperbole of the type that only Reddit can deliver. 67 million people play LoL and how many have you seen complain, a few thousand? Not to mention that we all know how much of a bandwagon Reddit is, so how many of those people are upvoting because they like to stick it to the man or they like the drama, not because they actually rationally examined the situation and come to a logical conclusion. Only 10% (or less, unsure) play ranked. A lot of people complain, but a lot cannot be bothered. People genuinely don't care UNTIL they get memed on by a premade team. &gt;Uh, it's not like they are sitting back doing nothing, they literally just released a video addressing the situation in depth. Not sure how much more you want them to do. Currently they are LITERALLY doing nothing. They are focusing on the client update. &gt;I haven't yet heard a reasonable argument for why it is a bad thing for them to do. Why? Listen, it's cool and all for a company to have a lot of customers and to be able to sacrifice some in order to bring a change that will bring the standard up. But when you have players willing to improve begging them to introduce soloq like they sort of promised, and then you give 50-50 responses after pretty much promising that soloq would come out weeks after dynamic queue (which would naturally mean that you actually did some progress on the code and whatnot), you kind of enrage the community. Before there were no serious competitors. Sure, DotA was always there and so was SMITE - but there are new games violating the MOBA genre and fusing it together with other genres, creating new and more exciting strategies, with games more lush that LoL every was, and you cannot be as "cocky" as Riot is with these tests of patience. This is how things die. This is similar to how WoW and many other great games died. I'm not saying taht bringing soloq will stop League from dying, but it might extend it's life for a year or two. Let's get real, League is fun, but nothing is eternal. Aside from people growing up and having no time from the game, there is also the repetetiveness which may get to the heads of players. In any case, changes are good, but removal, unless absolutely crucial for the game to survive is something which shouldn't be done. There are obnoxious champions which are never removed (well, except Jax), but are reworked. I believe the same should be with soloq. It shouldn't have been removed. The option to play solo at least partially fairly should still exist. Sure, bring the dynamic queue in, it's ok in what it wants to accomplish, but it just takes too much. Players in dynamic queue each have their own ratings, so why couldn't you have an option to be rated as an individual IN a group of individuals but instead have a chance of beingput in a party neither your will nor your gameplay will matter to a bunch of friends?
Around 10% or less players play ranked. That brings the number down to around 6-7 million. I'd say it's closer to 6 million than 7, though, don't as why. Now, pros are the kind of people you can safely 99% of the time that they're right. I'm not saying they're the only one, I'm only saying that they are the ones that are probably all right. There are things DQ suceeds in, there are things it doesn't. For some reason, Riot acknowledged that you cannot play League with friends and have fun in normals. I do not understand this in the slightest. Yes, it was hard to find 4 other players who'd play at the same time, but is there really a way of improving your teamplay by ignoring the 1, 2 or maybe 3 other teammates so you could improve in communication between 4, 3 or 2 people? And why did you remove 5 man ranked? For a 5 man premade DQ is hardly any practice. If 5 gold players are knowledgeable about the game, they can beat 5 solo platinum players. Yes, Riot claims that they will most likely be paired with other premades of the same size, but this is hardly true for groups with 3 or more members. I constantly see 3 man premades getting paired against either 1 or 2 2 man premades, and 4 man premades being paired against 3 man premades. I've never actually seen a 5man premade vs 5 man premade because I always play solo, but the amount of times when I've seen 5 v 4 was no laughing matter. Even there the system fails. Most of the time equality isn't justice, but if you pair 10 solo players up against each other, there is little disturbance in the actual skill ratings. Some games they may have been lucky, other games not, but every other participant has virtually the same chances. By having pure soloq, you remove the influence of premades, and what is left is only player behaviour and server behaviour in the whole mix. I could talk ages about this albeit not being affected as much as higher elo players, but queue times, although more extreme, are not the only issue Riot has to look into. You know, it doesn't feel like LoL anymore. A champion is never balanced around how well it does in a team or solo, because some champs are better in solo play, while others are better in team play. Hell, there are champions which are not even viable in teams, and then there are champions which are completely unviable in solo play - but Riot doesn't mess with that. Just like above, I think Riot should not touch into the way someone plays the game - because the area for their concern should be the game itself, what happens when you get onto the Rift, not how you get into it. And I'm sure as hell that the summoners which they want to get rid of like the rest of the lore don't get advantages for being friends with one another.
According to their data, people can't play 2 or more games competetively
When Riot fucks up, they like to do it all the way. Currently for people in high elo, Dynamic queue has absolutely no benefits over the old system, but has higher queue times. It's time for a few Rioters to be fired, I guess. Inb4 next path ELO rating return for better matchmaking, actually tilts people more.
Oh look, yet another change the community wont like. Riot may just be on a lucky streak.
For some reason a lot of people in this subreddit think hentai is fine, and now you want to tell me that you don't consider the new Nidalee splashes hot? This game has ratings to fit, you know. Ok, it seems it literally needs to be nsfw to be appreciated. And French Maid Nidalee is one of the hottest splashes without being porn, too.
I never said you do, however, recently I've received a lot of responses to another topic about league trends in which most replies, although my original reply was satire, were something like "Hentai is bad/immoral??? WHAT ???" so I was just connecting the two things. They cannot provide too adult VO's because 1) Riot treats LoL as a game, not a lorefest, 2) it would possibly up their age ratings, so upping the chances they get sued because of letting someone underage play - this could be voided by updating ToS, but that's additional effort. What point would face models do? It's highly unlikely you will ever zoom in and change camera angle to see the face in game. For faces there are splash arts which do their job.
Tfw you buy 3 shards and every single one of them is a 1350IP champ feels bad man
As a Vel'Koz support main, I highly disagree.
I feel like Riot should start punishing people by autofilling them to support in a shorter amount of queue time. I mean, toxic supports are really low in numbers besides Braum mains
In general bigger planets move faster - they are made out of more stuff in the firsr place, but you must acknowledge the law of constant angular momentum. As such, bigger planets will usually rotate faster than smaller ones because as the condense, all that momentum is also condensed into a smaller state. If you, however, shrunk those planets down, they'd rotate even faster, however you'd need force to condense matter after a certain point, and an amount that would go up exponentially. tl;dr Bigger planets usually rotate faster As to why Balari is fast, the answer is simple - game time is different and most likely sped up from the real world. Sean said so to - the world has its own time. This, however, does not mean there xant or wont be a planet which could have day night cycles as long as earths.
Well if you play since S1, and you play with people like that, you're either bronze/silver or play normals, so tbh, your fault.
Then don't play normal draft, there is blind pick too.
Well, there is the mute buttom and you don't seem to be willing to use it, so... There's that. Also, chat is used for pretty much tilt only, and judging by the people you play with, you don't use it for timers or such so might as well mute everyone lol
Play damage Janna and take kills, you'll get S' any time.
Veigar, Riven and Zed.
Swain hard counters Vladimir, probably shits on volibear too. Swain is the weakest early game, outscales late game. The easiest way of dealing with him is just perma camp with Lee or Xin or similar, in any case something that can gap close and deal a lot of dmg, just dont let him reach lvl 6 before your laner is lvl 8 and just shove the wave and he's ezpz
Because I have been playing this game for too long in elos ranging from bronze 5 to diamond in ranked and masters in normals that i would not know the mentality of the elo you're in. And I don't even play from Season 1, nor do I play seriously.
A price of a skin is not determined by how good it looks, but by how hard the creators worked on it. Time = money.
You're just like a virgin thinking of getting some ass in early August.
I'm pretty sure that both will be in a game. After all, recent gameplay showed Yavil which was quite big, more luscious than its planet, and asteroids can get pretty big, but of course, they have to be smaller than moons, otherwise there's really no point...
building anything permament that could be used as a shelter is not game friendly for this type of game.
Illaoi with the Jax leap every 2 s.
You'd probably go to -2 147 483 646 IP
There is expected growth. The growth wasn't as big as expected because in S4 people started leaving, so the real rate was not as high as expected. In S5 it was even worse. Now, the growth is actually negative to last season. Therefore, the game started dying after S3
People who are interested in maths realise that the growth is exponential, divided by the amount of players already playing the game. That means that the growth rate is expected to grow at every moment. This wasn't the case at S4. League stopped growing as fast as it did through S3. Recently, the number of players decreased (Riot's data for April 2016 afaik) As for DotA, it's dying it's well, but since it's growth was somewhat more balanced and less explosive, it's dying slower as well. In fact, every MOBA is dying. Companies that try reinventing the formula have little to no success - look at Strife and Dawngate.
Vel'Koz shits on her if he takes ignite - always does more damage providing he hits skills. Hitting an E at lvl3 is a dead zyra. Brand shits on her if he has 1 or two kills over her, just has to hit stun and she dies. Morgana can probably handle her but never pull ahead. Zyra is the best mage support there is, and the only way you can ever beat her as a support is by doing lethal damage to her before she can do it to you. Tank supports are too weak to handle mages because they are all super strong early and all ADCs are also bad... If you kill her, there is no doubt the enemy ADC will kill you, and then your support which has no damage. You could also camp her, but shit, that's up to the junglers, not you who lane. Well, play Brand and stay free
That's a very bad strat, they just get outpoked by simple Zyra qs, it's easy to punish them since they have long cooldowns and mpen that each mage support has makes them do a lot of damage. I played as brand against a thresh recently and after they got killed like 3 times in a row he cursed me for playing mages, saying how unfair it was that I could 100-0 him or his ADC with a skill rotation. Meta is mage supports. Tank supports cannot be thought of being good. The only place they might work is competetive.
&gt;Terrible advice on the Velkoz bit. Velkoz does not shit on her at all. You are like a weaker version of Zyra with worse poke on botlane. She can block your Q with her plants if youre unlucky and her poke is way easier to land than yours. sure you can burst her down, but by the time you get close enough to land your E she will land her spells as well and make you go bye bye. What? Vel'Koz has higher damage and flexibility when it comes to skills. His W is faster than her E and doesn't stop his movement, his Q has more range than her passive, let alone any skill, his E has more range than her Q. If anything he is superior. The only thing Zyra beats him in is her ult which is fire and forget, while Vel'Koz needs good setup for it. A good Vel'koz will abuse Zyra's misposition and insta kill her with EWQ ignite combo. If you think I'm biased on this, check champion.gg. Even in plat+ where people can actually dodge Vel'Koz' Q, he does more damage than her. You do not get close to get an E off, you literally use it against her, Zyra's only long range skill is her E, which if she uses, she is dead. Her Q is shorter range than your E meaning that if you predict that she's going to use a Q, you're going to hit it unless you're a boosted animal. Zyra simply doesn't have the amount of health to deal with Vel'Koz' true damage and insane burst as well as superior range. Nami can't deal with any of the mages unless she gets an early lead due to laning with something like Draven. Nami is too slow for them. However, Nami deals with the tank meta and junglers very easily. Shits on Nidalees and Ekkos. When Zyra's, Brand's and Vel'Koz' damage gets nerfed, she along with Sona and Janna might have a shot. Until then, I'll be using my 19 AP, 12 Mpen and 4 M/5 rune pages to stomp every botlane with pretty much any of the 3 aforementioned mage supports.
True, but that's because of his ADC, not him alone. Vel'Koz and Brand kill whether their ADC is with them or not.
isn't this guy worse than Chaox nowadays?
that Q visibility spells cancer
he's like d3 or 4 i think I dont even know who the fuck salce is
all in all Riot said they don't like tank ekko, so no jungle or top ekko and everyone is happy.
Investing into a damage item means spending money on it. Damage items cost more than defense items. As far as I've played against Ekko, he does not do a lot of damage, except to ADC's, but they can always but MR AD items. His problem is more tied to utility rather than damage.
If his scalings were high enough, he'd be played AP more. However, most of the players don't even build an AP item (good ones in any case). Ekko's strength was never reliable damage, it's the mobility and utility. Things as these don't work on a midlaner particularly well, unless a composition is made to compensate for the lack of the champions damage. However, no matter how good Ekko may seem due to more pros than cons, he's not good because there is counterplay, and that's why Ekko is not that good when compared to Fizz. What Ekko needs is not additional AP, it's the removal of that MS buff and a higher CD on ult. I don't understand why instead of an MS buff they don't make him reduce ability cooldowns to fit the time mage theme. On the other hand, if they truly wanted Ekko to be an assassin, they shouldn't have made his ult such an easy second chance. Ekko just has too much going on for what Riot wants him to do, and I'd rather have him Elised for a while if he can reach her new viability and relative balance after changes.
If only En Masse could make TERA great again :\^(
I know, the game is not bad per se, just eventless. Honestly a game that would have WoW's lore (and playerbase) with TERA's mechanics would be the king of MMOs for a long, long time :(
I got a guy banned for playing Taliyah mid and going 2/10 or something. Granted he flamed everyone when we told him Taliyah is just a shit champ
The next obvious line of changes is that all Diamond players are now Master, ti seems. Queue times fixed!
*cough* Mordekaiser *cough*
I'm hyped for the moment Riot actually tries to give the community what they want instead of bringing us that VALUABLE charts that represent how we REALLY feel about ranked state.
Exactly, running the AP quints might have gotten you 2 kills or 3 assists and then gotten your team ahead.
2 years ago no one would say a champion like Cait could require any mechanics at all.
&gt;Also this exact combo/cancel has been in Caits kit forever, just minus the headshot proc mechanic on the e and w. Which is most of the combo.
Except for the attack commands, which again, are the most part.
Have you played Caitlyn before her rework? Or Ashe before hers? All I'm saying is that a few years ago, no one would think of these champions having more depth.
Boy I didn't realise they were going to make one of the manliest LoL characters gay...
A man without his cigar still has balls over someone who vapes lol
There are still Bandle City vs Void, Zaun and Bilgewater vs Piltover, Freljord, Kumungu, Shurima, Shadow Isles, Ionia... All of them have lots of stories It clearly contradicts your statement: there is far too much for it all to fit in one movie.
Yorick mastery 5 *ughhhhhhhhhhhhhhh*
Expecting that Championship Gangplank this year It's raining trophies!
Because it's lame if no one actually has the skin
Rioter stated that 2 years ago.
Last year was Kalista, not Shyvana. When Shyvana got the championship skin, she was dominating the top lane that year HARD. Same as Kalista last year. She was just the best ADC period. That's the same with Gangplank. He was the best top laner PERIOD in the Malzahar era, and now he's pretty much the best midlaner period. Sure, there is Azir and LB, but they'll never be as consistent as GP. Also Ekko was never good as a midlaner, and neither was Trundle. Azir only recently became viable and good, while Viktor isn't consistent enough to get a champion skin. Every time a champion got the skin it was the no-contest champion which stomped the season the most - Riven as the most broken champion in LoL after release Darius and preremoval Jax, Thresh as the best support in the game ever, Shyvana as the most well rounded fighter in the game without it being S1 and S2, and Kalista as the best ADC in a time ADCs were complete crap.
Yeah I wouldn't call pick/ban rates and win rates factual. Nor the series fo nerfs for every single one of them (Shyvana got hit by item nerfs rather than direct champ nerfs).
Volibear is the thunderlord, Janna is windspeaker.
