Read the Darth Vader Marvel run that's going on right now.
Graphics are so overrated. I don't give two big farts about FPS, resolution or any of that crazy technical shit. Just give me a great story and a fully upgraded Hunting Rifle or bring back Ol Painless and I'll be good to go. Good graphics don't make a good game, the same people that complain about graphics are so hypocritical because they probably have the biggest boner for retro style indie games. Which I love, but I don't care about visuals. Just don't make my eyes sore.
Didn't Sr. shave his stache before a Brickyard one year? I swear this happened.
Or just be sad and alone and have a big bed all the time
Too bad this isn't on a Wii, then we could call it Deja Nintendo! Eh?
I always thought Dwight Yoakam would make a great McPoyle
You're telling me. I can't do it.
I'm the opposite, I think I know Megaton better than my actual home of 15 years.
I saw something kinda like this happen at a stop light. This lady backed directly into the truck behind her, obviously felt the impact, back up farther and then drove off when the light turned green.
Now I just need a way to win 600k
Makes me think of the Animaniacs
Goddamn what is going on in San Fran?
As a falcon, I don't understand either statement ):
Are they a high school couple? Jesus, this is the most annoying team in the NBA
Worth it.
My sultan. I spent the first week of gta online on 360 searching for this car. I'll never let it go.
"Well, he kinda looked like Tom Hardy and everyone says I remind them of Charlize Theron, so we figured what the hell"
By that logic where is Robert Horry on your list? Or Steve Kerr?
Ooo. That sounds interesting
I'm on ps4!
https://youtu.be/1fuHwZKXPFY
Yeah, Sansa wishes she looked like that.
Every video game I own is now obsolete,
dawg, we get to build our own fucking settlements. It's like they spied on my wet dreams
build your own weapons and armor and have enemies come out of the ground and then have a voice and then be able to make your character actually look like a real person and then be able to craft things out of the random trash you find and then and then and then
fuck it, i'm just gonna play fallout shelter until november
2020? Fine.
Don't worry, bitch, you're a lion.
Luckily I'm single and I think it'll last until well beyond November
T-60b goddamn.
Didn't they originally say that FO3 had like 200 different endings?
Yeah. I do about the same, I think.
That was my number one on my excitement list until this 4 become official
The lowest you can go is 15%, right?
I like that fresh fade on 7
I always thought this was such a white thing to do.
I don't like you anymore, you taste like a burger.
Gaoo Spurs Gaaaao
Who's the looks? Or the useless chick?
What if the new DLC just adds an 8 star wanted level?
Idk, it was a joke. A bad one at that
I prefer the leveling system Skyrim had over Fallout's
Well, I'm not technically starting but for a year or so I've only been reading DC/Marvel. I've just now moved to more indie comics. I've read all the like essential stuff and now I'm trying to find stuff on my own.
Oh wow, I didn't even know that existed. I'm gonna finish preacher, Y and Secret Wars before I move on to anything new but I'll keep that in mind
Idk why but I think these are so goddamn funny
No, not in the way they're intended. I promise.
That's like when I was in 4th grade I told my mom if I played Turok it would help me learn about dinosaurs.
If you like road construction you should move to Chapel Hill.
I think once you hear that report you can track it on the mission select screen. It'll have "Intel"under the icon
You've Got Mel-anoma
You're right. Who says no to free high-speed pizza?
I think every high school had a rumor about kids killing cats. At my school a rumor went around that a dude would bury cats up to their necks in his yard and then run the lawnmower over them.
I bought two 8 mills when they were half off. It gave me 8 and then told me I had a limit, so I bought my yacht and as soon as the money came out of my account it added the other 8 million. It's kinda weird but its not lost
Because people got gift cards, shark card were 50% off, grinding for a yacht is ridiculous, not everyone plays GTA exclusively and hackers are fucking annoying. At least that's why I did it
I wish I had this game ):
Well the fact that they had meaningless games AFTER the playoffs games is a pretty bad sign.
It's a bad sign when our tailbacks are better QBs. I would give my left leg to have Aaron Murray back
Did Bobo and Willie Martinez take over play-calling in the second half? For one last middle finger to the fans?
We both know that's not happening.
Pac-12 Nerd
I'm just saying, get ready for a lot of 3rd and long screen passes that go for 2.
I pulled for you nerds yesterday and ya'll shit the bed. I always pull for the SEC but that's just me being a homer
Bobo would have called a screen
We try. It has a lot to do with being downtrodden for years and years
YES
If that surprised you, I'd like to introduce you to UGA football.
Oh, mercer! I see you
thank fuck. UGA is undefeated in 2016. GG PSU. Now bring me some Kirby and Chubby. Now I'm praying to Munson that Leonard Floyd stays
He made a comment about Richt being the only person that could make him stay. So, I mean, it's highly unlikely but I'm hoping.
okay, good. I even pulled for Auburn against FSU a few years back. That one hurt to do
I just subbed to r/cfb today and I'm kinda surprised that so many people have two teams on their flair. I always get so much shit for saying I like more than one team. I mean, UGA will always be number one and the gap to my second favorite team is the Grand Canyon, but still. I feel safe here.
sorta how I feel about the National Title (;
makes sense
yeah, I knew they didn't sell it but I'll check that out
I just realized that maybe Dale Earnhardt Jr. is our good luck charm. I mean, we've never lost a single game when he drives his car on the field before the coin toss.
Come on guys, we have to make other conferences believe that every SEC defense is great. I mean just look at Georg- I mean, just look at Flor- I mean, just look at Tenness- Shit.
Memphis' QB looks like Nick Kroll
Yeah. I've never understood why you wouldn't want your conference to be the best. What's the point of being excited to play your rival if your rival is 2-10? You'd want them to be undefeated so if you beat them it actually means something. Oh well
What ever happened to the starting off in modifieds, then truck, then Busch, then cup? It was so cool when guys would retire and you'd get offers for their job. Other AI drivers would move up. You could even buy your own teams in every series. I'll never know why they stopped doing this. IMO it was the best career mode for any sports game.
I know this will never ever happen but please let this happen
Fuck yeah! I don't know who that is!
ACC fans are ridiculous.
At first I thought this was all stuff I'd seen on AVGN but you have things I didn't even know existed. Thanks
As a falcons fan I'm gonna go ahead and start being disappointed that we pass him up
We won but in usual UGA fashion we were dragged into the win kicking and screaming.
I think we did that.
I feel exactly the opposite.
Yeah, I've watched his defenses in the past and read up on the stats. My biggest concern is the talent he's working with being a lot higher than what he's going to with UGA. He'll be losing Floyd and Jenkins but I'm hoping he can maximize the talent of guys like Dominick Sanders or Lorenzo Carter.
I've heard great stuff about his recruiting and the one thing UGA has always done well is recruit. As far as Pruitt he did a pretty good job with us but things turned sour towards the end of the year. It was better than Martinez or Grantham but that's not saying much.
I'm not worried about him making mistakes. My biggest concern is expirence but Richt was an OC with no head coaching expirence before he came to Athens and we still love him. So it isn't that huge of a deal. I'm just really excited about a brand new staff
&gt;but it does require a lot of discipline and organization shit.
"Well I wanted 60 but two is more than I came in with."
A rough year or two sounds great, considering we've been having a rough five or seven.
Blow
I love Richt and Miami is probably my new second team (as weird as that is to say) but our team always had a glass ceiling under Richt. So many UGA players are making huge impacts at the next level and I feel like we wasted talent and underachieved. So I'm so ready for a brand new start.
With the talent we're retaining I think we're easily a 10 win team. I'm hoping we can keep Leonard Floyd but I really don't think so.
Any Jean Ralphio comment is appreciated.
Sorry you had to have Muschamp.
Well UGA will always be a huge player in the south as far as recruiting and the stuff I've heard about Kirby's recruiting got me really excited. I wouldnt be shocked if we landed a number one recruiting class very soon. As far as the UGA national title, I can't even begin to imagine that.
Yeah, maybe. He was in over his head at Florida.
We need a lot. I might be okay with drafting a qb :x
Thank you, good luck next Monday. I don't plan on saying that again to an Alabama fan for a very long time.
Did I just agree with yellow jacket? Well, y'all are known for being geniuses so I can deal.
You just gave me a boner
WE FINALLY HAVE A SPECIAL TEAMS COACH. BEAMER BALL IN ATHENS.
We went from no special teams coach to landing the son of the best special teams coach ever. Are we building a dynasty?
They did. We had a special teams coach by committee. Boy, that always never worked.
We will never have a problem recruiting at UGA. The state is a top 3 recruiting state and we tend to lock down top recuits regularly. For fuck's sake we reached all the way out to Washington. We can get the talent in but we've been wasting it. I'm hoping Kirby can change that.
Yeah. Look at the NFL right now. There is top level UGA talent all over the place. If it wasn't for JJ Watt, Justin Houston would be the top defensive player. Plus, Gurley is the next best TB, AJ is a top 3 WR and Rashad Jones is top notch.
I didn't know that. Why did you tell me that? You monster.
I'll take it. I don't know what it's like to have a special teams coach.
Yes. Cam is kinda like LeBron James in the sense that anywhere he went (within reason) he would have won them a National Title. That's the nicest thing I'll ever say about Cam ever again. I'm going back to sticking pins into my Cam voodoo doll.
This will be our year Chubb for Heisman oh God no There's always next year
The media will try to combine Beamer's and Hershel's names together.
Bearschel Ball
Don't forget Nick Marshall. Also, I think Louisville should be UGA's next big rival. JHC transfered there, Grantham is their DC and fucking Petrino helped murder the Falcons.
I didn't even know this was a rumor. My heart skipped a beat reading this.
You beat me to it.
that's my biggest hang up with our old staff. We have wasted SO much talent. Look at the NFL, there are top Georgia alums all over the league making impacts. Sigh.
The only thing keeping my expectations low is that Tennessee is gonna be tough (but they gotta come to Athens) and we have to play Ole Miss on the road. Hopefully we can beat down Buzz McAllister and his Vols but Ole Miss worries me. At least we FINALLY HAVE A SPECIAL TEAMS COACH
I'll never pull for the Panthers. Not even in a Space Jam situation where the Panthers have to play for the existence of the human race.
I would give just about anything for a fappening type leak centered around Steph
As a fan of dumpster fires and train wrecks PLEASE LET THIS HAPPEN
"No, no, no. Not Johnny! I'd be a fool to sign Johnny Manziel. However, I met a charming young man named 'Billy' at a Casino last weekend ... "
UGA dynasty. That has a nice ring to it.
Yeah. Lower Deck trading cards. Catch 'em!
Lawl
He took a year off this season too
At least no one from Alabama will get that joke! Double burn!
Cavin plz
What would our team even look like without special teams liabilities?
Plus we pull running backs because of the Herschel legacy.
Hey, you had Calvin Johnson, Demariyus Thomas and ROMAN REIGNS
I'll take what I can get
I tell VT fans that a hokie is a castrated turkey
Doesn't Colorado have a chant that goes: FUCK EM UP FUCK EM UP FUCK EM UP GO BUFFS!
Well, hell. I always thought that was a joke. It's funny, if you look up Hokie it takes you to a VT site that explains that a Hokie has nothing to do with a turkey. I guess they're embarrassed.
I live in NC, I know all about the bandwagon (Panthers)
Having to play us and Bama would be too much for them. Let's hope it gets started back up.
Thank you for this. That's how I know about the chant, from watching a game on TV and being like '....wait a second...'
I'M NEW HERE
Living in NC, there's only one Coach K.
I love their 'traditions'
I wish I could upvote you twice. Just for your username
Wilbon?
DABO? MORE LIKE DABONEM. goddamn the Panthers.
I CONCUR WHOLE-FUCKING-HEARTEDLY
PLEASE. If we got to play an ACC schedule we would easily get into the National Title picture. I say this now but watch UNC hand us our asses in Atlanta next season.
The 2016 Vols still terrify me.
Our first game in Sanford was against Yale. Can we fire that one back up?
Yeah but if you're even a little competent at football you can make the National Title game.
The most terrifying looking mascot in sports. Even more so, now.
IKR
If Simmons cared about college football we could get the band back together.
Holy. Fuck.
Then Corso can say "THAT DOG IS UG-LEE"
Now you're talking.
Reminds me of Tom Goes To The Mayor.
Always ditch the girl wearing orange. Always.
Sorta like how Tennessee's full name is the 'Lady Volunteers' but only the women's basketball team uses it?
The Auburn Plainesmen doesn't strike you?
Hey man, I totally understand your skepticism. But I was there.
FFS you let Lambert set a fucking NCAA record. Thanks for that, by the way, because now people kinda think he's competent. That was your plan all along, wasn't it?
):
Sorry but we're a package deal. You don't get UGA without drunken barking.
I know going to Jacksonville is a tradition but I really wish UGA/UF was a home and home
It's like a tag team match. But who would be the teams?
Well, see. Carolina being Atlanta's rival makes me not like them. Them drafting Cam as a double UGA rival (Auburn/UF) made me really not like them and the fact that they're the Carolina Panthers instead of Charlotte or North Carolina really bugs me.
Seeing Nick Chubb in Tech colors makes me want to throw up my brain through my asshole.
Blegh. South Carolina rides the coat tails of the one true Carolina!
Butch Jones looks like an older Buzz McCallister
Are you saying Kirby Smart looks like Jon Lovitz?
Jerome Simpson represent!
Alright, Bama fans. What are we getting here? You guys are basically a DB factory which is nice. I know his NFL work isn't a point of pride and UGA has been burned by NFL coordinators. (Grantham &amp; Schotty) EDIT: also what's the news on an OC? EDIT2: So I totally missed that we hired an OC. Any Arkansas fan wanna make me feel better or worse about this?
You predicted the dang future, boy.
And make it the first Thursday of the season. I loved how they did it the past two years.
Yuck. You can keep Lane.
How did I miss this? Also, where in NC are you?
Greensboro here. I think NC has to be a UGA fan pipeline state.
Give 'em the ole Swinney Weenie
Like I said, awesome coach but the ultimate turd. Don't act like you were 100% stoked when he got the job.
I can deal. But it wouldn't be much of a contest
I'd love that but 2016 is way too PC to keep calling it it that. Which is too bad. They don't even call it The World's Largest Cocktail Party anymore.
Right. But before hand when you thought 'damn he couldn't cut it with the Raiders, bailed on Tennessee and then got ran out of town in LA, why would we want him?'
Well, I goofed. I thought I did.
478 bringin the hate
It's about 5 from me. But yeah, the west side of NC and North GA border each other.
No but that's still not a great track record even for an assistant
I was just saying how big of a fan-base UGA has here. It's like the 4th most popular school
Like West Virginia? They act like that's a mountaineer. It's just a regular dude from WV.
That's fine. I should have clarified: a world without Lambert and Ramsey bring the QB is a world I can't wait to live in.
C'mon, just say something nice about Big Game Bob.
r/sodontcomment
Was that so hard?
I almost said that but couldn't bring myself to do it.
Tell me about it.
Can confirm.
Fucking lol
I grew up listening to NASCAR being called by Eli Gold and I miss it so much. Bama fans are incredibly lucky to have him. I hope in the future you can choose between the CBS crew, no commentary at all or your school's radio broadcast. Oh well
I never knew that. Can I revive Munson?
