&gt; If you're going to call your game Fire Emblem, make it Fire Emblem. I file this in the same section as "this game/series is dead". It's just a false statement(most of the time), and frankly, keeping the core gameplay and adding more "waifu simulator" stuff isn't a huge departure.
&gt; personality may have even come as an afterthought Looking at her angry face, I doubt it.
Some really fantastic villains in this one but the Demon King is pretty meh, more of a plot device then a villain.
I applaud you for your effort, I agree with you on somethings, disagree with others. I thought you were on point some times, other times I thought you were unfair. Which is to be expected in a series like this, aptly named "hard look". And the world needs more Fire Emblem centered stuff like this. But, I've got to defend my main man Zephiel here, and I remember the post from /u/Goldenmapleleaf. "The thing is, that information is nowhere in Sword of Seals." Most of it is. Guinevere specifically tells Roy about how much Desmond hated Zephiel(who just wanted to make him proud) and how he tried to have him killed. &gt;Roy: “Decided to kill King Zephiel…?” &gt;Guinevere: “At a banquet, our father gave Zephiel a poisoned drink from his own hands. And that was the first and last cup that Zephiel took from our father. After returning to his room, Zephiel started to get sick. For ten days and nights, Zephiel lingered between life and death. But Murdock, Zephiel’s teacher and loyal general, saved his life.” &gt;Roy: “…The former king never did anything after that?” &gt;Guinevere: “No… But I have heard that he had plans to get rid of Murdock and Zephiel’s mother as traitors. He was scheming to murder them all along with Zephiel. After hearing that, Zephiel made believe that he was dead. Our father then checked the coffin to confirm Zephiel’s death. At that moment, Zephiel rose up from the coffin and…with his sword…” Also, the game shows various traitors and villainous men in power. &gt; Zephiel: Humans… Humans are filthy. They flock to those with power and would not think twice about betraying trusted allies to obtain more power. You must have witnessed numerous traitors in your travels. Am I right?” Roy doesn't even respond to this. He gives a good ole "...". And to top that all off, the humans unwittingly caused the Ending Winter. They also instigated the Scouring, but that's a FE7 add-on. Either way, I think Zephiel has a fairly compelling argument, you just have to read between the lines a little bit. Which is fairly common for FE villains.
Yep. Fire Emblem: If, will more then likely come to the US. FE x SMT, maybe*. It's regular gameplay is like the old ones, but they have this player housing thing going on and that's what this trailer is highlighting.
Well there's no reason that New Mystery didn't come to the west, but it looks like you are right. It's slated for release in Europe, although a NA release date has not been announced.
So are they just going to add the bat-cloak in with effects? If they are, it's probably not a bad idea.
&gt; You had games that were high on both production value and creativity. You can find that in almost any era. I say SNES to it's death at the hands of the N64. You got Genesis and some of it's basterd children as well as the beginning of the PS1. Super Metroid, Super Mario World, Link to the Past, Chrono Trigger, Secret of Mana, Fire Emblem non english, Star Fox, Sonic, Shining Force, Golden Axe, Final Fantasy, Castlevania, Rayman, your various arcade games and their ports, your sports games like Super Tecmo Bowl and other classics like Megaman X. No offense, but you can do a lot better with your list of games. Even if you only played PS2 you should have more on it just from that system. Not to mention the amount of carbon copy fps's there are on those systems. There's some amazing games from that time but it was one of the worst times for over saturation of shitty games. So much of the PS2 library, for example, is drek, even though it's got major classics. And the 80's weren't just neon lights and campiness... And to each his own. I think there's a good argument for gen 6, but it's not going to be made focusing on only one of the consoles like so many are doing in this thread.
&gt; Now when innovation is still happening, and the medium is still evolving and changing. And it hasn't been before? I mean, none of the things you listed matter if the games suck, and while they don't for the most part, that's what really matters. Either way, I think the question is more like, "what time period had the best series of games?" rather then giving the present credit because it has every game ever made under it's belt.
That's just the angle you are seeing it at... It's clearly shown as a strap in other pictures. I mean, it just looks like a case of bad drawing to me, but it can't be that. It has to be IS and their super duper fan service right?
Resubmit?
I really enjoyed that chapter. I like the idea of smaller but gimmicky chapters like New Mystery had in it's Gaidens.
Yes. FE4's soundtrack in particular.
Ehh, Pokemon is probably deeper then it's ever been, and Mario games certainly aren't dramatically easier. Also, I think it's unfair to criticize the series' difficulty, particularly with Lunatic and whatnot. And I've seen nothing from If that leads me to believe it won't provide a challenge. And there is nothing wrong with trying to make a game more accessible.
&gt; The issue arises when we strip FE of everything that makes it unique Did that happen? &gt; It's fine to a certain degree On second thought, I suppose you are right. They could always just make the game easy as hell to make it more accessible. But I don't consider things like "my castle" to be attempts at more accessibility. Weapon Durability probably is, and adding things like difficulty settings and tutorial modes like Lyn's story makes it more accessible without specifically taking away which generally just makes the game better. And it's really easy for a long time player to forget just how difficult and intimidating this series can be, so I think some of this stuff was long called for.
I don't know why people even care. It's a super easy mode so people can get some enjoyment even if they can't wrap their heads around the strategy aspect. Probably took them a morsel of dev time to make it.
I've always thought FE tried to mesh strategy with the RPG aspects of leveling and learning about characters. My Castle seems to bring a few things to the table, and I think you have to look at some of it separately. It's adding greater depth to the character interactions, whether or not you care for it in general or the particular way it's providing it, that portion of it is putting more focus on the "character study" aspect of the series while adding onto the "base" aspect. And I'm talking more barracks convo's, supports, being able to talk to your units. Not so much the FE-amie. It's adding a player housing concept, which should benefit the feeling of lordliness for MU. One thing it seems to be focusing on is resource management, which was one of the main criticisms of dropping weapon durability. Depending on how we get these resources, it could be a big deal or it could be a side thing. It's really hard to say how this will turn out, particularly because we don't know much about how we get the resources in the first place. And we can't tell how important that aspect is to the main game. Finally, and I think this is a big one. It's going to provide a ton of non-maingame content. And probably a good amount of end game content as well. I'm really looking forward to the idea of defending the base I've made, or fighting some of these spot pass teams. I don't think it's something that isn't with the spirit of the series, which I believe to be a strategy game wrapped in a pretty RPG bow. For me, the question is how much it's going to affect the actual strategy aspect of it, and how well it's going to do so. If done right this could simply provide a great amount of content and choices without diminishing the main game. &gt; we lost the weapon triangle... They actually made it more dynamic. I'm actually very curious to see these new weapon changes in action. A lot of it seems to be an improved version of the old weight system, but adding some more unique effects. We'll have to wait and see how all these changes will play out, but they've made dramatic changes to the weapon system. It says to me that they weren't satisfied with the past few games and their systems, and they are making it more dynamic because of this. This is **not** something that will make it more accessible. &gt; If I can survive my first few FE games, and I am bad at games in general, then I think it's not too difficult for most people to do so too. Now, first off, I just want to add those games having difficulty settings was them actually making the series more accessible, if I'm not mistaken, the first game to let you choose difficulty from the beginning was SS. PoR seems to be the first that was made with this in mind, having three settings. My main takeaway from what you said was the word survive, which is how I would describe my early playthroughs. My point is that not everyone will pick up a game as fast, and not everyone is willing to work past the frustration. Adding easier difficulties can benefit new comers without taking much away and things like Casual/Pheonix mode are them saving the time of adding another difficulty. Instead of making an even easier mode, they can just add Casual mode and call it a day. If you ask me, Casual mode was a great addition, and I don't think I've ever used it. Edit: Wow this got long. **TLDR**: I think My Castle can add some kewl stuff, I think they've made efforts to add more dynamics to the game and I think the series has a serious learning curve and things like Casual Mode help new players come in without being intimidated.
Everyone know's shits about to get real when FE6's ["The King of Bern"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dhwzy4xnbx0&amp;index=41&amp;list=PLwvweEKnS3AHZ4pYIYqzKdBKGFxnZNsNQ) comes on and Zephiel walks out. The Dragon General's themes + Guinevere's themes + final boss' theme are great as well. PoR had some great ones too, my personal favorite being Ashnard's ["Burning Ambition".](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uZemtRp3_D4&amp;index=50&amp;list=PL94B3BDBA2D03B783) This theme really helps sell Ashnard as an evil badass, which was absolutely necessary with the Black Knight running around. Also a shoutout to Pelleas' theme in RD. FE4 might just have my favorite overall music, but I'll have to give it to one of these two for character themes.
I really liked shove, more so then rescue. Rescue is great, but I feel like it makes mounted/fliers too amazing.
Ena is cooler anyway.
The Demon King is probably the weakest main villain in the series.
I did read the post. He's basically there to make Lyon a better character. I would say Manfloy is the most effective manipulator in the series, he actually does what he sets out to do.
The problem with the Demon King is that he's not important as a character. He's only important as an object, or a force. With him, we have the demons, we have the reason for the Sacred Stones. He could just be a silent monster that corrupts people and how much would be lose story line wise? The Demon King could have no lines, he could just corrupt Lyon, and the story could be exactly the same. The only difference would be Lyon's lines. He's not a bad villain, but he's not better then many of the other villains we've seen over the years. On Manfloy, the DK fails miserably(maybe not so miserably, but he had a big advantage of surprise) in his goal to destroy the stones. Manfloy resurrects the dragon he worships while reviving the Lopt Empire. He makes a colossal mistake in leaving Julia alive, but his major goal was already achieved. Plus, I blame Lopto for getting pwned by Naga.
&gt; That's true of any character. Not really, you couldn't get away with Lyon having no dialogue. You could actually not have the Demon King say anything and end up with virtually the same story. In a similar vein to the Darkstone and Hardin. My point here is to illustrate how unimportant he was an a speaking character. And it's hard for me to agree that he's the best villain, or one of them, because of his relative unimportance as a character and most importantly, his lack of screen time, backstory, shown goals, ect. Medues has similar issues but he get's significant backstory. &gt; 4/5? Not bad. Miserably was a strong word, but Manfloy did "win". He just contributed to fucking it all up in the end. Now, if you want to say the Demon King is a more compelling villain then Lopto/Loptyr/whatever, I think that's a better argument then for Manfloy. It's probably a good comparison too, with the possessing and all that. I just think there's a long list of superior(as in more compelling) villains above him, maybe even in his own game.
It's "put-*on*a-da-seatbeltz"
&gt; She is being portrayed as strong and confident. And she's shown this way in every single one of her games, except maybe Other M, the last Metroid game made, in which she received more character development then all the games in the series combined. She was never more human then in this game. &gt; Now look at how she's portrayed in the Zero suit. You mean [this?](http://www.google.com/imgres?imgurl=http://www.ssbwiki.com/images/thumb/b/bf/ZeroSuitSamusArtwork.png/180px-ZeroSuitSamusArtwork.png&amp;imgrefurl=http://www.ssbwiki.com/Zero_Suit_Samus&amp;h=312&amp;w=180&amp;tbnid=EWFuCM_gfwjOgM:&amp;zoom=1&amp;docid=VIuQ0hxLPXvkaM&amp;ei=Qv9wVdybLMScsAX1v4PwBA&amp;tbm=isch&amp;client=safari&amp;ved=0CCYQMygAMAA) Really doesn't look like it is what you mean. Perhaps [this?](http://www.google.com/imgres?imgurl=http://cdn.wikimg.net/metroidwiki/images/f/f1/Zero_Suit_Samus_zm_Screenshot_2.png&amp;imgrefurl=http://www.metroidwiki.org/wiki/Zero_Suit&amp;h=160&amp;w=240&amp;tbnid=P8DwPxdvnUhE2M:&amp;zoom=1&amp;docid=X1Ngh09wwYmwLM&amp;ei=Qv9wVdybLMScsAX1v4PwBA&amp;tbm=isch&amp;client=safari&amp;ved=0CCcQMygBMAE) Can't be it. It sounds more like you are talking about her portrayal in Smash Bros, [perhaps this specific pic where she's shown as if she's in mid jump?](http://www.smashbros.com/images/character/zerosuit_samus/main.png) She looks like she's pretty serious to me, but apparently that's just her pouting for sex appeal. &gt; face is either vacant or pouty. Is that a problem anyway? It's completely relevant to her most recent game. "But OH NOES, she's not smiling, must mean she's a sex object!". And the whole thing is splitting hairs. Men and women are sex objects, and Samus is a fictional woman. So sure, she is a sex object. I don't see what the issue is anyway, people seem to think that being sexual at all somehow belittles characters in fiction, particularly women. It makes them "weak", or just "sex objects". You wouldn't say the same thing about a women in real life, so why does this have any basis in fiction if it has no basis in reality? As for this case, it seems pretty absurd for you to base your opinion on the idea of whether or not she's smiling/ect. She's a strong character, and it shows in that portrayal, unless you want to think being sexual is somehow being weak.
What I found funny is that some people thought it was intentional. Like, it's not IS's fault you have a dirty mind.
&gt; overseeing the largest collapse of the American economy since the Great Depression I'm no fan of Bush, but the fact that he was president during this time was largely irrelevant. The President doesn't have that much control over the economy. &gt; American stock market is booming... Americans are engaging in trade, good job Obama, couldn't of done it without ya! &gt; unemployment rates have dropped to pre-recession levels Yes, believe it or not, economies don't burn and die, they come back from recessions. &gt; 4 states with legalized marriage in 2008 and now have 37 The President doesn't control state policy... &gt; Obama managed to avoid major armed international conflicts in Syria and Ukraine Wow, and I thought the republicans were ridiculous. We're going to give him credit for what? Not invading another country? You do realize that the Obama administration wanted approval for airstrikes in Syria, and that Congress voted against it.... right? But good job Obama, way to not be the next Hitler. I will give him credit for lifting the Cuba embargo and Iran, even though it's better late then never. As for him being a hypocrite, look no further then his belief that he's the most transparent president in US history.
I guess. Doesn't make it false.
Well, my point is pretty much the same as "brought to you by honor^TM", so I figured I'd respond to this.
Well that's too bad, I already own the GC megaman anniversary collection(amazing disc, go buy it.), digital copies of 1 and 2 on the Wii U and physical copies of 2, 3 and 6 for NES. It will probably undersell as it's like the 8th time these games have been released and then they will think that means a lack of popularity for megaman games and they will continue the idiocy.
ROY'S OUR BOY! ROY'S OUR BOY! ROY'S OUR BOY!
Honestly? Art design.
I avoided Lyn cause she's kinda irrelevant for most of the main game. I'd consider Eliwood to be the main lord of FE7. I've never played Gaiden, but isn't Alm the main character?
Use Sigurd in chapter one to save all the towns.(You may want another unit to actually visit the town for the gold and the one speed ring) Use the steel sword to dodge all the axes. Towns have 10 "hp", and will lose 1 hp every turn a brigand attacks it. At 10 hp it gives 5000 gold, at 1 it gives 500. Certain towns give out items, sometimes amazing ones. If the town is destroyed, you lose the gold or the item, and many of them have very important story information. Each unit has their own gold, the arena is free, and you can't die.(Units who lose have their HP dropped to 1) So it's an amazing way to gain xp and gold. Units level up to 30, and promote at 20+ in the castle. You will get two pre promotes in the first chapter, including Sigurd, but they are both far below level 20. Edit: You get 7 rounds of progressively stronger enemies, who only differ per chapter for ranged units. You can save at the beginning of each turn, but don't save over the same file as you could put yourself in a losing position on that turn. There are multiple castles you have to capture each chapter, and usually there is a big wave of reinforcements after you capture one. The weapon triangle is a huge deal. Roads increase movement range* but lowers avoid. If an enemy reaches the entrance to your main castle you lose the chapter. Male x Female units can marry, they gain 5 points while standing next to each other for each turn up to turn 50 of each chapter. At 500 points, they marry, but each pairing starts with a certain amount of points. Check your units for the "talk" option for good items and dialogue. When you reach a chapter past the first, look up secret events for that chapter. For example, your axe knight can get a hero axe by going to a certain tile in the second chapter, but you would never know that without looking it up.
Yep. And as important as Robin is to the main story, Chrom is really the main focus. Either way, I think it's a copout to name the "make a character" ones, especially when being female or male is pretty insignificant to their story and dialogue. I wouldn't give Skyrim credit for having a strong female lead because you can make a female character.
I agree, I feel too often minimalism equates to lazy and unoriginal, but this is quite good.
Vaike's a boss. Haters gonna hate.
Sure, but she doesn't have a dead similar counterpart who is male.
Wait, you are telling me they are making characters similar to popular past characters? How absurd, FE's never done anything like that before. In all seriousness, as long as the characters have enough to make them unique from their obvious inspirations I won't mind. I'd be lying if I told you I hated the Ogma clones and the like.
Yahhh! Yaaaahhh! Hiyaaaaahhhh!
Yea, I would imagine it's for promotional reasons, the game's really made for the small screen, so it probably looks poor in regular quality on a large screen.
I'm thinking Lilith is going to have some in game use, something that would have a positive effect on your gameplay. My personal theory is that it's a upgradeable dragon stone, which is why it can level up. But who knows, maybe it's just a pet feature like Chao's from Sonic Adventure or the like.
There's a decent bit of new stuff in here. Either way, this is a gameplay trailer to help promote the game's Japan release in two weeks.
I don't dislike S supports. There's nothing about the simple concept of it that I don't like. But I think the sheer amount of support convo's hurt the overall quality of them in Awakening, which was largely because of the marriage system. It's got some great ones, but there's a good amount of mediocrity. I could ramble on and not make a point, but honestly, I just want great supports. And they don't all need to be romantic.
If we hit that bullseye, the rest of the dominoes should fall like a house of cards. Checkmate.
Yes, that is a picture of Nick Foles.
Is this Chip Kelly's girlfriend? Is this a slow news day? Find out more, at 11!
You say that as if it matters.
That's not true at all. I see negative comments about awakening with relatively high up votes all the time.
I think FoW is a great mechanic, but there's no doubt some frustrating maps have used it. The HHM one being almost criminal.
I'm genuinely curious, what's fucked up about the canon?
Been playing since FE7 and I just recently got over it. I use my stat boosters now. Still run out of supply space most of the time.
The lord unless there is some major standout contributor that could dominate with it. That usually means a General or a Flier.
Because it's a cliché and a fun throwback to other cliché giant robots you see super humans fighting so often, particularly in old school comics.
There's literally no reason to not choose him if you are going to go back to Fire Emblem. I was hoping for Isaac, but Roy should of never lost his spot IMO. Also, these look like the videos for the end of classic mode, I'd say they are 100% legit, it would take some dedicated photoshop/hacking to make it look that convincing.
You can unlock characters for trial mode by completing the game multiple times, but that's it I think. Copy paste: Narcian/Wyvern Lord Clear the main game once. Galle/Wyvern Lord Clear the main game twice. Hector/General Clear the main game three times. Brunnya/Sage Clear the main game three times. Eliwood/Paladin Clear the main game five times. Murdock/General Clear the main game six times. Zephiel/King Clear the main game seven times. Guinivere/Sage Clear the main game nine times. Ehh, column formatting is too much work.
Seems logical enough. Thanks for the response.
You made out good mate. It seems Saul, Sophia and Wendy are the three common picks. Either way, if your Wendy is as good as my Wendy was last play through you won't need other units.
I think getting rid of tariffs, or some of them anyway, is good policy. Other then that, it doesn't look to great. And I find it absurd that so little of this is available to the public.
I think they will keep it, possibly for all it's international releases. It just would seem strange for them to change an english name, that's likely easy to pronounce in multiple languages. I don't think they would pick such a simple name if they didn't plan on keeping it. Especially for the US and parts of Europe. I think it's catchy too, kind of reminds me of the Wii. Surprisingly, it just works, for me anyway. Edit: That didn't last long.
I'm curious about Kamui. I don't dislike Japanese names but well, Kamui just doesn't roll off the tongue.
Dragon Blood Roy is best Our Boy.
Just wait for the movie dude
Yea honestly, I don't even know if I like the design they used for Heath Ledger. But he was so phenomenal and he played it so perfectly any doubts or criticisms I had went out the window.
Good idea IMO. For example, I think Kirby has some great games, but I don't wanna drop regular pricing on a game that can be beaten in a few hours. Which unfortunately, I think the Kirby's Epic Yarn definitely was too short without enough extra features to redeem it.
&gt; keep punching me in the face again and again. Sounds like you should just pass on seeing it then.
Joke stopped being funny like 2 years ago mate.
What makes you think it's a Mario RPG(assuming you mean the SNES mario RPG) crossover? Seemed like typical mushroom kingdom x paper mario.
FZero isn't that popular.
DAE please understand?
The HUD, the physics, the gameplay, how you shoot. Take Metroid Prime, add a giant ball and you get similar gameplay as to what we saw.
Yea, I said it wasn't that bad. That is criticism. I'm just not signing the petition to declare Nintendo as literally hitler.
Alright, so I don't know how well these stand up as examples of grey morality, but they are certainly not pure evil. Zephiel: Believes humans are evil creatures, wants to rid the world of them because he believes it's better off that way. This comes from a position of morality, although he doesn't care much what it takes to achieve his goal. - Some moral grey here. Nergal: Lost himself to dark magic in his pursuit to open the Dragon's Gate to reunite with his lost wife. Implied, anyway. Medeus: Rightfully outraged at the treatment of manaketes by the humans. - Some Moral Grey again. Travant: A ruler of a poor land, who does heinous things to help better his people's lives. - Solid example of Moral Grey. Just like Naesala. To be fair, haven't finished FE5 and I know he's in it, but I can't imagine anything will change my opinion. Julius: Possessed. Ashnard: A ripe evil bastard. I do feel like I'm missing some info though, gonna have to pay attention on my next play through.
People say they are slapping the name on there but honestly it looks like the game was built from the ground up as a Metroid Prime game. The second I saw "Blast Ball" in NWC, I thought of Prime. The controls(how they move), the aesthetics and in particular, the HUD looks made me think Metroid Prime. And you do realize that Blast Ball is not the whole game, right? Federation Force is apparently the main attraction, and it looks like an multiplayer Metroid game in a similar vein to Nintendo World. If I had to guess, they wanted to make a multiplayer shooter from the Prime series that they could market to everyone like Splatoon. And this is what they came up with.
I thought the gameplay was really solid outside of the boss battles. Having to stop and reorient to shoot missiles was a pretty bad idea and it made some of these fights frustratingly difficult.
It has Metroid in the title. It also uses a similar HUD and features similar movement to Metroid Prime. It also takes place in the Metroid universe and uses Metroid enemies. Seems like a Metroid game to me, but I guess you could tell that by looking at the title.
I pretty much benched Midir when I found out.
A lot of fantasy tropes are considered kid friendly, or at least it get's overlooked. Plus the ESRB doesn't play the game if I'm not mistaken. For the US, I think violence is generally okay in that regard, blood and whatnot will get you a higher rating but there's a ton you can get away with. It's the sex that will give you the instant T or M, it's way more controversial. I'm going to pull out a somewhat relevant quote from "Goldfinger", from it's commentary. The director is talking about how he has to get around the US and the UK's censorship policies. &gt; "The American censor was absolutely constipated about sex,” &gt; “The British censor couldn’t have cared less about that. They were panic-stricken about violence, [and] the American censor was totally indifferent to violence.” I find that hilarious for some reason.
From what I gleaned from Wikipedia. It seems Microsoft threw 375$ million to buy the entire company. Before that, Rare was a 2nd party developer for Nintendo, in that Nintendo owned 49% of the company. I don't really know how that all works out, but if Nintendo wanted to buy the whole company I think they would have done so in the years before Microsoft came in.
Hasn't that always been a feature?
I don't think the story ever really focused on that. Lucina was a major character, but other then that the children were all less relevant to the story then their parents. It was a big mechanic, but the real story line comes in the main campaign which only featured one child without going into side chapters.
Well I felt you kind of implied that Awakening's story was ruined by marriage/children, when you said "there goes the story." So I kind of just jumbled the comments together. I thought you meant focus as meaning it was a focus of the story. &gt; so it will take away from the story I don't see why, marriage didn't take away from FE4, it didn't take away from the other FE games with the paired endings. Perhaps it could be done better but I don't dislike the mechanic nor do I think it will take away from the game's story or conflict with it's darker tone.
But it's not much of a challenge, honestly. Just tedious. They were probably just trying to keep it well hidden, like that random mission in Advance Wars.
Lol with the ball in his hand what a photo.
&gt; messed up how drinking is almost unavoidable in western society unless you make a conscious decision to go against the grain by not drinking. God forbid people make their own decisions on the matter. The classic, "If everyone was jumping off a bridge would you do it?" It's not almost unavoidable, it's completely avoidable.
Heh, yea he likes to go stretch armstrong sometimes. Fun show though.
&gt; do you have to literally spell things out to people in this subreddit? Hey, if being an asshole makes you feel special go for it. You said drinking is unavoidable, which as a verb it implies an action. When you just say, "drinking is unavoidable", it's too vague and it implies that you yourself(or people in general) couldn't avoid doing it.(Unless they "went against the grain") It does not translate to "encountering alcohol is a given". &gt; I said that alcohol unavoidable because it's so prevalent in western society. And does it even matter? You say that as if it's a bad thing that a heavily desired product is available for people who want it.
What ever makes you feel superior mate.
Rebecca, hmm, she's no Hugh but I love her the same. I actually think they've gone above and beyond with Fire Emblem. I would of never expected it to get the representation that it's been getting.
I don't think that's really a plothole, you can't express accents that well in writing, unless they are really strong accents.
I think it looks cheesy as hell. Hell, Entourage is cheesy too. Doesn't mean you can't enjoy the hell out of it.
I have to be honest, there wasn't much wrong with nintendogs. 10/10 dog simulator. Kind of weird for it to have a perfect score next to some other games, but idk, they really nailed that concept.
I don't want to be a hater, but you could connect any work of fiction using the multiverse theory.
&gt; all they do is make grinding even easier than it already is for healers and dancers. I just think that's broken if you want it to be, assuming you have enough staves and turns. In most games, those aren't hard to come by. Bosses do make it a little more convenient. But you can incentivize people to kill the boss faster with reinforcements, the boss having a high crit rate, ect. You could make it so every boss rushed you, or that they all move when you get in range. I think Awakening had a few of both. But if every boss rushed for you in every map, then I think it would change the dynamic of the game, possibly for the worse. I think you can do a mix of both with success, but I'd rather have more stationary bosses then moving bosses. I like the mechanics of fending off random enemies until I get in range to so some work at my leisure on a big bad. It also makes sense from a story perspective when the enemy is defending a castle/throne, ect. Also, when the boss is standing on the seize tile in a seize map, it's effectively the same thing as a kill boss chapter. The only major difference is that you need to bring your lord up with you.
Well, wouldn't a low hp unit naturally do less damage then a high hp one?
I'm in a similar boat to you, I watched F/Z first and then UBW, with a tiny bit of the 2006 anime. Granted there's an episode left but I preferred Zero to UBW. I felt it was superior entertainment from episode to episode. I wouldn't even say it's darker then UBW, it just doesn't have nearly as much lighthearted stuff to balance it out. I also felt UBW had something lost in translation.(Granted I don't speak a word of Japanese, but it felt off to me.) I don't know how watching Zero will affect the enjoyment of the other routes or whatever, but I enjoyed UBW more because of it. I'd say watch Zero, unless you want to get the VN.
I think 500 people voted in that poll. It's a cool thing to see but that doesn't mean that 70% of the sub members have read it. It means 70% of the people who voted on that poll have probably read the VN.
If all they are doing is video taping then you are probably right. But there's also Stingray phone trackers that the article mentions and the simple fact that we know so little about the whole thing because of the nature of the operation is troubling, to say the least. For them to not finish a case to not reveal the tech tells me that they either think it's a political nightmare or that they don't believe themselves to have strong legal grounding. "Even basic aspects of the program are withheld from the public in censored versions of official reports from the Justice Department's inspector general." - That doesn't evoke confidence.
Like /u/tjcoolkid mentioned, it's implied Shirou couldn't copy it. He mentions he can't get a read on it, and when he's first looking at it there's a tv static effect which I think means he tried to use trace on it but couldn't.
As just an Anime watcher, I took it that Shirou's whole thing rubbed off on her, and she wanted to save him regardless of his supreme scumbag status. Gil comments on how killing him would be the best way to stop the grail, and I think Rin understands that and saves him anyway.
Yea, I was a little mixed going into these last couple episodes but this one just hit on every mark. Really made the show worth it for me, don't even feel like I need to watch the finale.
Sorry mate, apparently I stopped watching near the 2:30 mark and made a stupid comment based on that.
I say RPG's. Or, it's an RPG.
I agree 100%. More people need to start opposing this stuff in general, regardless of whether or not the constitution protects against it.
What's this, to dodge the slam? Haven't had an issue and I usually go right.
ToD is different is because it would be **by far**, the most overpowered ability in the history of the game if it was the same in PVP as it was in PVE. My Brewmaster would go around one-shotting people at full HP. Probably the worst example you could of used. &gt; this is it wouldn't even be hard to do Yea, rebalancing every ability in the game with new amounts of damage wouldn't be difficult at all, probably would take them like 5 minutes to complete...
It's a factually incorrect statement the President is using to support his policies that's being criticized. His argument is basically, "why can't we be like these other countries, let's see what they are doing so differently". If his statement is false in the first place, then why shouldn't people blast him for that statement? But apparently people who want to criticize the President for a false, disingenuous statement are just there to masturbate and play the conman, while ignoring any relevant issue.
&gt; Because there's an undeniable problem with violence in the United States I don't know why you put this sentence here. Seems like it should of came before my quoted question. But how to attack that problem of violence(which is trending down, but that's besides the point) is a matter of intense debate, and I'd imagine most people here disagree with Obama's suggested policy of stricter gun control. So what do you expect them to do when he uses false statements to support that gun control? &gt; disagreeing with how Obama makes his points It's not even people disagreeing with how he makes his points, it's people disagreeing with a disingenuous statement. But if the President usually makes false statements to support his positions, then I guess it is people disagreeing with how he makes his points. &gt; should not be the main issue being discussed. I agree, but I don't believe this thread lambasting him is representative of the debate on the issue.
You know how you can use it on bosses at sub 10% hp? Well it works like that but it's an insta kill, and the Ashran tome raises that to 20% hp.
It's awesome. It would just be absurdly OP if they didn't change it for PVP.
Sure, but it's still not this simple task they can do with relatively little work.
It was really hit or miss imo, some of the stuff was really cool, some of it wasn't.
The 7 issue Forever Evil is phenomenal, I love every second of it. I liked Trinity War too, but not as much. The villain's issues were hit or miss, but there were some fantastic ones in there. Overall, I'd say it's one of, if not the best event/arc of the New 52.
That's not freedom from discrimination, that's a law aimed at preventing religious discrimination from a perspective of hiring/firing, workplace conduct, ect. As long as you aren't hiring the person, you can openly discriminate all you want. And either way, it's not like the owner of said business has to actually come out and say that someone was fired because of their religion, race, ect. They could come up with a myriad of reasons, so in practice it doesn't really prevent that discrimination, although it probably makes it less prevalent.
And he's allowed to make a snarky reply.
People have opinions, yes.
I was trying to point out how pointless it is to say, "blah's allowed to post blah". That's what I was responding to. I don't feel like having an argument, particularly in this sub so I just kinda ignored your second paragraph.
Pretty sure that was the high court of Massachusetts, which wouldn't be applicable to other states.
&gt; Kinda ironic. That's not irony but okay.
Well yea, if you don't read the articles you post it's pretty easy to support whatever your argument is. JJ Abrams quote from the article: &gt; "'Star Trek' is my favorite show of all time," he admitted. "But for some reason it never clicked with me until I started working on it, and then I fell in love with it."
He's saying that you get a Ferrari with Bradford, but you can't be sure if it's going to start up everyday. (Injuries) And then with Sanchez, you get a Cadillac instead, but you can count on it running like a Cadillac everyday. It's a long winded way of saying that Bradford is really good but may get injured, and that Sanchez is decent and doesn't have as big of a risk. I think it's a pretty good analogy, honestly. He had a snarky tone, but I imagine many people here agree with his points. But lol he's a punter, I care more about the opinion of people who call into 97.5.
I agree, I see no reason that people should receive particular benefits/choices/ect. for their taxes simply because they are married.
&gt; You coming in to remark how pointless something was by parroting the pointless thing. That would be ironic if the parroting wasn't intentional. But yes, waste of time.
There's not much to take away from it, just a solid ass book.
The Long Halloween like others said. I can't recommend it higher, great book. FE: Arkham War, but it's kinda meh.(No Batman, all Villains) I loved Forever Evil, but it's not really a Batman book and you want to have read Trinity War before it. That being said, Batman is the most relevant superhero in FE. More recently, Batman Eternal featured a good amount of villains.
I think it's cool. Some interesting rules. I wish them the best. But the Eagles provide me with enough football. If the NFL/Eagles ceased to exist, I would gladly watch the Soul all season.
I could never get these things to work.
I think it's the best GBA castlevania, the only major criticism I have is that you often have no idea where to go, but that's a common issue(if at all, sometimes it's annoying when you have to backtrack a lot, sometimes it works) in these games. The magic system is fun, it has some of the best movement out of any castlevania game, good music. The difficulty is just right. I think it meshed the old whip using Belmont gameplay with the open world map, and I think it feels just right. I'm surprised anyone here doesn't like it, at first I preferred Aria of Sorrow because I played it first but HoD really grew on me. CoM movement is a little clunky, and the cool card system suffers from such low drop rates that it ultimately makes the game bullshit hard unless you go out of your way to grind. Aria of Sorrow is a great game, but I feel like it starts out really weak from a level design perspective. It gets better and better though, not much to criticize, but I think HoD is better. And the CoM/HoD on one cartridge is pretty nice as well.
Wow.... You know, I can't remember beating this game but I bashed my head against ph3 Dracular a bunch of times and this entire time I thought that was Simon Belmont.
Perhaps they could do better, but I think there's something to be said about how much larger their sample size gets when it hits live.
Slaughter houses are fucking horrendous dude where have you been.
I'm sorry, you are friends with all these dogs being killed? I'll answer that for you, no, you are not. The fact that you may of had a pet dog that you liked has no bearing over whether or not they have some magical superiority to other animals and therefore shouldn't be eaten just like so many other animals who are genetical altered and bred to die in shit conditions.(and then eaten) Hell, if people cared so much about dogs they would do something about these insane breeding practices for things like dog shows. Or if they actually cared about animals they would be more passionately against slaughterhouses and the like. It's fucking hypocrisy, end of story.
Not a good one.
By mine?
I think it's fine as long as he isn't a bland character. I think there's enough anxiety/panic/selfconflict in Snowden's story to allow his acting panache to sell the role.
Didn't he choose not to direct ESB?
Or it's just Han Solo being Han Solo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eG4W0LbIvW0
Dude you want to play me over nothing. I said you couldn't fuzzy guard the mixup, you agreed and said that you couldn't do it and block it on reaction instead which I didn't have an issue with. But it's completely irrelevant because your ability to block it on reaction doesn't mean it's not a good 50/50m which was the whole point. But you say "oh don't believe me why don't you play me?" Well I don't play Ermac, I don't care if you can block his overhead, there was no point of playing you. And I got downvoted, thinking it was you I downvoted your backtracking comment that challenged me for no reason. Then you start calling me a pussy for not wanting to play you. You are the one who is talking shit and you are the one who is being a petty douche all because I won't play you over this bs. The second I didn't jump to play you you started insulting me like a fucking child.
DAE hate the prequels?
He's a good backup, but you could potentially get a guy to backup who has a much higher upside. But one thing Sanchez has over a lot of guys is experience without being so old he's past his prime.
Damn, a shame it's on this one this can be troublesome to land.
I'm no expert but I think the rule is that if he loses control of the ball before he starts moving his arm forward it's a fumble. The weird thing is that Eli still flinged the ball, but it seems like Barwin got a hand on it before there was any forward motion. So I guess the idea is that Eli fumbled it and then immediately batted(for lack of a better word) the ball forward. Thankfully this would of had no impact if they called it either way just a change to the stat line.
I never noticed that I think you are right. He also uses them in cutscenes during his storymode chapter.
I prefer Leeroy Jenkins
I think people just like bitching about stuff they don't know how to stop. They also might not realize how important command grabs are for that variation. They might also think you are just doing regular grabs. First time I played a good commando I had no clue what to do it was really frustrating, but I knew it was just me being a noob against a fairly rare character.
I think any defense will get exposed with that amount of snaps in the regular season. I was pretty high on Billy Davis earlier in the year and I want to cut him some slack. But there's just so little to point to in a positive way. I will say I think our defense this year was the best we've had under Chip, they were just way more consistently put in bad situations by the offense. There's just been nothing to write home about outside getting better players in there.
Read the article, he pretty much says he wants to stay but at 17 million or whatever we have he doesn't think it's likely.
Eagles plz, find a way to get Celek back on this team next year without running out of money.
If you are getting uppercut'd a lot when you are trying to attack it's probably because you are going straight for his high strings(almost all of his are) too often and the opponent is keyed in on that. You can combat this by getting a f1 jail out of the hit stun of d1, d2 or d3. You can armor, go for b3, use b1, use a random normal like f4, try to get more successful jumpins or go for a special. You just need to do something to get them to block and or get some respect up close. You have to stop them from low profiling you by making them respect your options. This can be difficult at times, the d1 into f1 is the most effective way IMO. For zoning, it depends on who you are playing, but Aftershock can typically help Tremor against zoning. Metallic and Crystal have their merits here but not as much as Aftershock, even less so for Crystal. Just don't keep throwing things out against every char. There's some chars you can be reckless against but most of the time you want to make calculated decisions with projectiles. Your two best projectiles across all variations are the boulder and the up rock. Ground pound and rock throw have their place too but those two are the big ones. Boulder is pretty fast and knocks people down where you can use EX ground pound. Aftershock can use air pound to apply more long distance pressure or counter zone. Challenge with up rock often(not when horribly unsafe), remember you can hold back* to aim at a person jumping in or running in. The zoning in particular is something you just will get the hang of the more you play, really just need to get a feel for it. Edit: For clarity
Using the close up rock(db3b) will hit people trying to run under it or jump in. If it's a hit in the air you get a free chance to EX ground pound. I mostly use a combination of Crystal and Aftershock but at this point I choose variation solely because of the matchup. I've started to play Metallic quite a bit in recent weeks. Aftershock is probably the best one to start with, he gains two new moves and everything else is the same as variationless Tremor. His delayed ground pound(dd1) is almost useless but his air dd1 is one of the best moves in the game. It lets Tremor counter zone with the best of them. But if I thought I could handle certain characters zoning I would play Crystal and Metallic every match. All variations are really good, Tremor may have a couple big weaknesses but he makes up for it in so many ways. I made a long winded post about variations a few weeks ago, check it out if you want more info about it. https://www.reddit.com/r/MortalKombat/comments/3x908l/switching_from_subzero_to_tremor_how_much/cy2mcgm
Wasn't him being called Captain Marvel in comic a non issue? I thought that a while back they just had to change the comic's name to Shazam and when the New 52 hit they changed CM's name to Shazam to make it less confusing.
Mediocre junk food
A lot of people are starting to consider Liu Kang with his Dragon Fire as one of the best characters in the game. He's very good. DF is considered his best variation, followed by Flame Fist and then Dualist. Look [here](http://testyourmight.com/threads/the-new-and-improved-liu-kang-combo-thread.54420/) for some combos and youtube will probably have some stuff, just make sure it's a video from the last 4 months or so because there were patches that changed some stuff up before then.
But he won't win the nomination so...
What a sex crime you people should be ashamed
I know nothing about that but twitch chat is one of the least trustworthy sources for that kind of thing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uQfQYHyEvAg#t=3m31s
Desean's making it out like the guy did something morally wrong. It's not bad karma that he cut you Desean, you even admit that you needed to "be more of a professional and know that there was more to it than how you performed.” He even mentioned the kids, the poor children... Give me a break Desean.
That was the only reason that went into cutting Desean and trading Lesean. Chip just didn't like them. Usually when people get cut or traded, there's a ton of nuanced reasons, this time these players got unfairly cut because Chip just didn't like them. /s
First, the game runs at 60 frames per second and moves all have data that describes them in terms of frames. You know how if you play Scorpion and you teleport on someone who is blocking they can attack you before you can block again? That's because Scorpion is minus after his teleport is blocked. For sake of argument, let's say Scorpion's teleport wasn't minus on block, and was something like + 10 frames on block. 60 frames = 1 second so that would mean that after Scorpion's teleport(the hypothetical plus one) is blocked Scorpion has 1/6th of a second to attack before the opponent can do anything but block or stand there.
I believe it would go something like [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VfsF4vOXTxg). Credit to TYM user "xInfra Deadx".
F3 I think which leads to big damage in corner but it's pretty slow. His main mixup tool are his b1 strings. b112's 2 is overhead, b13's 3 is low. Which isn't a real mixup but with War God it can be. Mostly going to want to mess around with special cancel's out of those. Kotal in all variations has that great pressure from 114 but I would say War God is more about the mixups and spacing. He get's great range on his sword specials.
Oh wow I never thought about interactables with Blood God they are probably redonk all around.
Johnny is dramatically more serious nowadays. We're talking about the comic relief nut punch guy here. Not that it ever stopped me from loving the character.
I'll give you some general info. TYM has some good threads to help you get started. Maybe a little more info would help people be more specific, can't tell how much you know the character. Master DB2 and it's up/down variations. http://testyourmight.com/threads/tremor-combo-thread-v2-updated-jan-2016.54733/ http://testyourmight.com/threads/jailing-with-tremor-on-block.56520/ Three relatively simple yet effective combos: Punish Combo: **f12, db2d, b2xxdb2u, b2xxdb2** (Use EX dd4 immediately after to add 13% damage or start projectiles) * You can use a variety of starters with this, f1 is Tremor's fastest normal so it's usually ideal for punishing. * You always get to use EX dd4 for an extra 13% any time you hit the opponent with DB2.(The regular version, not up and down) Corner: **21d4xxdb2d, b2xxdb2u, b2xxdb2u, 3xxdb2** * Again, EX ground pound or up rock here for extra damage or setups. Crystal specific midscreen: Any starter(F12, 21d4, 3, B1d4, ect.), **EXdb1d, NJP, f3, RUN, f12xxdb2** * Makes use of Crystal's Armored low launcher which goes great working with Tremor's DB2d. * Like all these combos you don't need the starter. That's there to open the opponent up or add more damage. A lot of time you will just use the armor to start this combo.
No bet is worth a thousand words
For money presumably. But the barrier of entry and difficulty of the job relevant to the pay and benefits are probably night and day. Hot dog vendors don't need to be beautiful women with talent and experience in gymnastics and whatnot. Every thing I've read about how well cheerleaders get paid had been really underwhelming, to the point that I have to ask why they even bother.
Does d3 really jail into d3?
Honestly I find the chat to be horrendous(when you get that many people) but it's worth a laugh every once in a while. Reminds me of r/circlejerk.
He's gonna be awesome. Just ask yourselves, how many chainsaw's has MK had in it's illustrious history? The answer my friends? Not enough.
I mean yea you could, similar governments have existed.
Oh I agree I'm just being a little snarky. I think every football team needs a guy(the head coach) with final say when it comes to game day decisions. There would definitely be problems and you won't get time to discuss everything you need someone to make quick decisions when needed.
Pederson would not surprise me. But I think McDermott wasn't doing any interviews while the Panthers are still in it.
Yea I don't see a quick clip through the wall as that big of a deal. Maybe if they got stuck or something.
Did I say that? In recent years he has been unimpressive and he's like 70 years old, it's not unreasonable to think that he's out of gas at this point. And losing so many close games this year and letting OBJ act like a moron for the better part of that one game doesn't help his case.
I voted non issue because I really just don't care as an Eagles fan. I would be posturing if I actually did anything about it but if they ended up changing it that's a non issue for me too. Honestly I have a bigger problem(as in just barely caring) with the Cleveland Indians. The "Indians". Fucking Christopher Columbus, don't get me started on that asshole.
I actually had fun with this survey and great post to follow it up. I used to shit on Romo, but he wasn't having it, had to prove me wrong. I would be concerned about his health going forward but I can't in good faith say Manningface, Bradford or Cousins are better even though I might take one of those guys over today's Romo. Monster Cox. Jay Gruden and Jason Garrett are the two last men standing, who could of seen that coming?
There's more then a few tough catches and some bad throws in here. But my god, for everyone of those there's four "WTF, how did you not catch that?"
Yea I don't want to rabidly speculate but it's hard to not think that's the case. He basically lost his job to Chip but they decided to keep him around, that was bound to work out smashingly. Either way, Howie gets his old job back with a pay raise. Or I guess we're doing committee now I don't even know anymore.
Big Red vs Vikings, Vikings win. Their logo is badass.
"I don't know why Philadelphia hates me"
Challenge more with rolling kutter and up rock. You can't be reckless because of his teleport but he shouldn't be super comfortable standing full screen. Do something to make him block or get hit and armor up so you can help punish the meterless teleport. And the Crystal launcher is really good in this MU to help deal with Takeda's whips. Looks like you got a general gameplan seemed like a lot of execution was holding you back. Which happens just need to get more time in. HoneypuffCereal pretty much said it all. Like he said f121 should be special cancelled most of the time or just more often, when they respect the special that's when you really get the benefit of it's plus frames.
I thought it was cool that he did the radio shows but in the short time I remember listening to him he was a master of the non-answer.
Well with JJ Watt in the backfield everyone and their grandma knows they are going to run it.
They have a bunch of vague rules about taunting and whatnot. I think the issue here is Dupree joining in on the dance.
I guess, but other then it's name there's nothing about it that justifies it's rarity.
My issues with this have all been fixed by closing MKX through the menu and restarting.
I think tag match wasn't particularly well liked. Tag ladder was awesome.
He does a grab and everyone freaks out because they are so impressed.
Heh must of had the volume to low didn't notice
Megaman, especially the original, is straight trial by fire. Just have to keep throwing lives at it until it all clicks. Also need to spam the megabuster it fixes 80% of problems.
Wouldn't be shocking. MKX PC isn't really comparable to Wii U Injustice but it got dropped for DLC.
I don't know anything about that I just read an article saying those three were the Apocalyptic pack.
On one hand I think it needs to improve on the other I think a lot of people have shit connections.
There's a conversation in chapter 3 where the MU talks about it's benefits noting the higher defense and offense you get. I'm sure there's a help screen where they list it's benefits as well. It turns 2 units into 1 really powerful unit.(It can anyway) Unit A may have good speed and strength but Unit B may have high defense. Unit A+B has good speed, strength and defense. Maybe you want a beefy pegasus knight while being able to move Kellam with that nice high movement, well you can get that with pairup. No where to put your healer to protect them from enemies? Pair up and put them in the back. Boss battle too much? Pair up your best units. Also any benefit you get from fighting next to someone is greater when you are paired up, the chances of dual strike and guard are much greater paired up and the support bonuses are more noticeable. You don't get any of the stat bonuses from standing next to eachother which is the best part of it. It might seem logical to say it's better to have two units but one unit who takes less damage and kills enemies in one round is far better then two units who have to work together anyway. There's few times that you shouldn't be using pair up in some fashion, it's really really good.
I can't find anything that supports that quote. Seriously doubt they said something along those lines.
You can use the same logic for a staggered release.
I love Basilisk it is so cool. I haven't tried him out online yet but I've been trying to learn nimble Reptile. But I believe you can get 34% if you do 5 slides then 2, 1... f3, 1, 2, slide. But then you don't get the lick action. I think those are the right inputs and it's not too hard to land either.
