Only 12 hours for all 5 episodes? Im pretty sure you missed a lot.
I dont feel like playing around with my drivers.. i did that earlier and everything fucked up.
Far Cry 3 was awesome. Far Cry 4 sucked.
Whats the secret?
Theres a tiny dick under the "y u no" alyssa meme in ep 4.
When i drove to work the next day, we had a heavy rain and some lightnings in the distance. "The Sense Of Me" playing on my cars radio wasnt a coincidence. This was so fucking strange.
But why nightmare.. she loves hawt dog man!
Its not like shes getting buried next to williams grave, and that her name is on the tombstone...
LIS is winning so many prizes, its fantastic.
Nathan is the kind of character you dislike in the beginning and start to like near the end.
I agree ^
The art gallery one was nice, everyone seems to forget about it. But overall im for the rachel outfit.
Argh thats not THE kiss you filthy vortex member.
Does anyone know why the console version is slightly more expensive than the PC copy?
First, german amazon said they deliver mine on 22nd, then got delayed to 26th, now to the 2nd of february. Whyyyyy :c
I did not expect that. Hella awesome!
Definitely not overrated. LIS just kicks every games ass in storytelling, and im not fanboying right now, ive played many other games and not a single one was as good as LIS. LIS was a game i could instantly feel myself into the character(s). The only other game that allowed me to do that was Far Cry 3. Plus its the first one that actually made me cry.
Black Ops 3 in so many categories? I cant take that site serious anymore.
I hella agree with you. I got hooked immediatly when i started this game, max's situation was so similar to mine in school.
Sounds a bit similar in some parts, but its still two different songs by different people.
Yep, i love the innocence and happy theme during ep 1 and 2, before we get into the deep lands of feeladelphia.
Mine has been delayed to 2nd of february... :c
Apple problems...
Turns out the release date for germany is the 29th january now. My previous deliveries were sheduled for 22nd, then 26th and now 2nd :(
Nah, LIS takes place in 2013. We didnt even know this game would exist back then.
No, not talking about her diary. Just the actual book you find ingame, its bigger than the one we'll be getting.
http://www.davidcsimon.com/LiS/ You might find something you like there.
I'd love to play nathan, lol.
Hes an interesting character and i'd like to know more about him. Warren is just a typical school loser tbh.
How about like... posting the working link?
Definitely the first one. I didnt like the second one in the game.. :c
You cant have a free cam nor a no-clip max to get your camera where you want it to be. What does "Talk" do?
Can you actually turn off ghost again so you can freely walk around? Youre forever a ghost if you use it as a keybind.
Amazon says its the 29th for some reason.
Erscheinungsdatum: 29. Januar 2016 Zustellung: Di., 2. Febr. What is this sorcery. Amazon even mailed me that the release was delayed.
That would be sooo mean. I bet you'd even PM me some pictures just to tease me.
32 if i recall correctly.
They said that on twitter sometime ago, its an option directly in the main menu. Most likely a video.
its a regular black/blue beanie, you can buy them anywhere.
The 1-hour long dev commentary and some minor changes like a different text from frank or a new position for the eggs.
I actually rendered myself a screensaver using all menu variants. :)
[Yes, i do](http://www2.pic-upload.de/img/29513717/lisv.png) I removed the credits text, so i get a blank screen when clicking on "Credits", i then recorded it and rendered it. :P
With my super slow internet and ~2GB for each one? Sorry, no. :D
I dont think so, its all rendered ingame and all the different visuals may loop at different times.
David wasnt even there as far as i know. Especially because you can get him suspended.
I agree.
21:9 will just break all the cutscenes, because you see stuff you shouldnt see.
Yes! I'd love to see more stuff similar to "Storm", "Sail Away", "Price" or "Forever"! :D
Thats quite kooL.
Max is made out of pure wife material! :D
Its crap.
Your best bet is probably the square enix store.
Some people experienced bugs with the first episode, sometimes in the second, where some sentences were cut off or not spoken at all. But those have been in the game since forever.
Well then... aim a little lower and shoot at the rolling guy?
Yet another no-skill C4 kill (:
I once rambo'd through the door at archives on bank and killed the 4 remaining guys.. i felt like a total badass.
You should definitely check out [Koethe](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC_YH1XwKYHHzRKMjiTg0Sow)s amazing work. Most of his songs are LIS-Inspired. :)
But it doesnt even come with a helicopter.
I hope not. After border I certainly dont want such super small maps anymore.
Its always funny when I see people run into the lights on the airfield.. :)
Well, I have a 4.37 KD with Blackbeard, and about ~1.5 with all others. Doesn't this say much already?
Oh my god. The buttcrack guy reference.. i died.
No, there is no confirmation other than some devs planning/wanting to do it. And I highly believe they're going to do it. There's no way DONTNOD and Square Enix are going to say NO to a Life Is 2 Strange. But don't expect anything before 2018. Their new game 'Vampyr' is set for 2017.
I actually loved the graphics.
Now I know why I always get killed when I try to hide in the closet on consulate...
They dont look similar at all.
"Life is... weird."
No, me and some friends filled up a large warehouse in one session and we didn't get a single rare item.
Whoa, almost looks like when you're looking out of a window.
Nope, the 1 out of every 10 runs is wrong. I've did a full large warehouse in one session with two friends and I did not get a single special item. You can have multiple special items in one warehouse.
Bought one, saw that it has no customization at all and the spare tires dont match with the actual tires, sold it again.
No, the "after every 10 successful buy mission" is a lie. I've had about 200 successful buy missions and a win rate of 100%, means I've never failed any of them, yet only got one item.
Uh... what makes you think I'd use "ugly ricer wheels"? I'd use offroad tires of course. I customize my vehicles with taste and not because "this item is the most expensive one, MUST USE IT!". I chose unique colors that fit the car, and not the most flashy ones.
Good thing i keep my cars tasteful instead! :D
06-11-16? Holy shit is it november already? ;D
I did not expect that. Thanks for making my morning less shitty. :D
I hella agree. This community rocks, although its getting less and less active members.. :(
1. Because Ubisoft. They make games for money, not for the players. 2. Because low playerbase. You dont want to wait 30 minutes to get opposition in your range.
It's a girl though. :)
The amount of topics, theories, reactions and discussions between every episode was amazing. So much fan art too! Shame you missed it, it certainly was one out of many things that made me love LIS.
Theres a little bit of change though, the guys working on vampyr arent the same as those who worked on life is strange.
They do if you pay attention to it. But the main side which allows for easy access is blocked and needs one of these super thin plate staplers. Theres a hand truck and a pallet on it in the large warehouse, that one looks the way it should.
But arcadius is actually the third best, its the cheapest after the maze bank west.
Yup, was like "shit, shouldve bought that sweet beach view office across the corner" and noticed its the second most expensive one.
Actually, its not. Especially with this cheat engine tool some guy made, its tricky to get into but once you know the keys its very easy. I've made an album of my favourite shots. http://imgur.com/a/jGdth :)
And you customize them all like a toddler with a bunch of coloring pens... :(
Oh, well then.. rockstar sucks at customizing stuff? :D
Honestly, it ain't worth it. The only use I found for them is Piracy Prevention VIP/CEO work and that you can get a helicopter when you load into online. But with the offices, you can simply call any of your pegasus helis now.. :P
This has been mentioned a few times. :)
One can only hope for a blackbeard nerf.
I think only epoch/overpoch is left. Origins should have some players left too.
It's E when you have the on-screen prompt. If you sit down, you have to press Enter to access the computer, this will automaticly turn you into a CEO. Interaction menu (M) when the prompt is gone and you're not close to your computer.
Might aswell add the homing launcher, insurgent and armored kuruma to that list...
That usually sends my car to simeons dock...
Um.. i guess your character is drunk too, the way she holds that AUG...
No, sledge has one on his sledgehammer and all defenders have one when pulling down barricades.
15€ for me. I love the after-release prices of limited items.. :D
Why not? Just fill it up when you feel like it and make the most profit when you've finally got it full.
Deep inside I wish DONTNOD would have chosen bae as cannon, so they could create season 2 with max and chloe... :(
What's so special about them? These are everywhere, at least in my country.
Threw mine in the ocean because it was just too fuckin fast and it was about 30k.
Tested it with a friend just now, he blew it up and paid 20.000$. Seems like thats the maximum limit.
No.
Yes! Good old PS3 glitch. :^)
All you have to do is remain un-spotted in the start and your enemies probably won't look for kapkan traps because there's no kapkan. Either way, you can hide them perfectly behind shields or combine them with other map items next to the door. Sometimes i put up a barricade, punch a hole in it and hide the trap right above or below the hole, so they die when they vault through. Also, place your traps around the map, not to the obj room. :)
Yet its so unknown amongst people. Imagine where it would be if everyone would know it!
Go start up a terrorist hunt mission and edit him there, if time runs out, exit and do another one.
You should check out the E3 trailer. THAT downgrade is real.
The professionalism. Telltale games are good, but they don't seem as realistic as LIS. Might be because there is way more content, side-stories and other things in it. I also prefer the way you chose things in Life Is Strange. In telltale games, you have a short timer which forces you to chose without thinking properly, plus people are almost always talking in the background while you're making your choices mid-conversation.
Oi mate why so angry?
It's an issue with the demo, a friend reported the same to me and I had no idea how to fix it for him so I just bought it for him and it worked.
It only grows when selling the crates, but disappears when you buy things.
While this is quite confusing, all games should make it like that.
Well, it's on sale atm. Half the price :P
For most people, 6 days isn't plenty of time and easily passed. I can assure you that it is worth it, if you can relate to the characters and the game, which the demo should help you with, to a certain point.
I know. Being a hardcore LIS fans has its side effects... :P
Sea weed?
I somehow did the same, the tugboat spawned at the famous pegasus helipad, my friend went to drive it and I parked my insurgent on the back because why the hell not? A minute in we start to get to the waves, it went good for about 2 minutes, and then suddenly we get a quite high jump from one of the waves, the tug dives straight into the next wave and sends the insurgent flying and it hits the front of the boat. It ended up in the water but the boat didnt flip. Hillarious moment though!
Isn't even that long to be honest.
It looks really awkward how GTA just does not want you to drift and tries to force you back on track all the time.
Yep, they are.
"EZ-LOAD RAMP" i cringed.
What the hell is that
Its literally the same game. You're just forced to use steam if you have the steam version.
Yeah but.. how? It isn't even at sky level.
RSS has quite bad pings at all times. I'm usually at ~20ms in all games I play, RSS ramps it up to 80-120, and even worse for some other players.
Das ist bei Steam immer so, wenn du bundles kaufst. Ep1 ist das spiel und Ep2-5 ist ein "DLC".
This is VIP/CEO spawned, not Pegasus. And these always spawn on car paths, so it's your own fault for spawning it in there. :^)
Yes.
Your argument is ridiculous. "Skill, Good players" - yeah the SMG11 doesn't require skill at all.
Its almost as fast as the X80 on straights.. i slowly regret buying the X80.
&gt; with vampires nope
Zombies aren't really a problem. There are a few here and there and if you fire inside cities you'll spawn more and they'll attack you, but they are no real threat. ArmA 2 DayZ had a large portion of zombies and those could fuck up your day.
The hype train to feeladelphia!
Even with the regular sights it felt a bit too easy, like a primary. I used it with the reflex sight for ages because I thought "acog on a high recoil smg? how stupid". Then i found out how op the acog is on it.
I think your right foot is broken.
If the icon stays, I wont buy the game. Simple as that. :)
Definitely doesn't look like 1 month after if you check how most villages/citys look like.
These items are long gone and can only be grown by yourself now, if you find the seeds.
This is a static object and not actual dead bodies. Arma 2 piles look bad though, they clip into eachother.
Please dont become a kuruma douchebag.
Hardcore is too "softcore" for me. Almost every gun one shot kills, wheres the fun/skill in that? Don't know about classic though.
The game wants you to drink jerry cans.
Report back with his reactions once hes done!
Please quote where I said that I want spotting to be gone entirely. Because I didn't.
Gronkh for the german people under us. :)
Looks like there are no custom subtitles, it only shows German (automatic) on my end. Might try it for yourself and check if the sentences make sense.
Well TWD had the newest season in 2016.
Not necessarily, it could have fallen through the ground and into the garage. Happened to me a couple times.
The quotes make them look pretty unprofessional imho, they'd be a lot better without them.
This actually is how you make printed money look real and used, by "washing" them dry with random things like poker chips.
The [current gen version](http://vignette4.wikia.nocookie.net/gtawiki/images/b/b1/PoliceCruiser2-GTAV-front.png/revision/latest?cb=20151213211707) actually looks like the cruiser, so there's that. :p
I think the crown victorias look rather strange in gta, I've always preferred the buffalo. :p Did you know that there are actually 2 tuning kits for the taurus/new cruiser? You can add spoilers, bumpers, skirts, hoods, grilles and pushbars.
The offices should've been bigger. There's so many doors, yet it's smaller than all the high end apartments.
What? They're crispy HD.
Fun fact: He still had both his grenades in his inventory, and couldn't throw them later on, he would infinitely hold it in his hand until he switched weapons.
Where? I'm never seeing the false releases on PC. :l
Budget Blackbeard
If you're in silent step, you can press reload and start sprinting without cancelling the reload.
I'd love some more maps in a storm, kanal at night just doesn't cut it.
I don't think so, I couldn't get it to work while being outside of silent step.
As long as it's harmless "hacking" like this, it's perfectly fine.
This was a session in a crew, they all knew eachother and no one would just take off and go on a rampage with the provided vehicle.
Yeah, it's good you added a picture of an almost tastefully modified car.
I just gave you a compliment and you say I'm mad. Alright then.
I never even mentioned anything about rockstar or a difference between fun and unfair cheating. I do know that rockstar bans for extremely silly things now, so yeah. Concerning getting banned, I'll probably never get banned. I'm not glitching or modding in any way, and we only mod in FiveReborn aka. p/\, which is completely disconnected from GTA's online services.
Wouldn't really call it rare, I've seen plenty people with it already. Btw, it's only 90.000 Renown for Season Pass holders.
When we had the 50% bonus earlier, it did not count to the two collections I sold.
8747
Neither did that raise.
Might be that they patched it, haven't played for weeks. It did work previously though.
Aw shit, they must've patched it. :c
You can stick to release times. The story continues all the way, only michonne is a story on its own and not related to the game. So it would be S1, S1-400 Days, S2, The New Frontier, and toss michonne somewhere in there. Preferably after S2, that's when it got released.
I always thought a DLC-set containing mini-stories for characters like David, Nathan, Frank, etc. would be awesome.
I always hate when people say "this game only has 2 endings, all my choices were pointless/filler content!". It's like saying all the decisions in your life are pointless because in the end you'll die a natural death or you get killed by something. Your choices matter, a LOT. In almost every dialogue. You should check the choices-tree, it splits in thousands of dialogues.
Yes, but it originated from Payday 2. The DayZ devs just added the 4 original heist masks for lols.
Can't do that in siege though
And the comment I replied to implied that he did not use a macro, but bound it to his mouse wheel instead. Now you come and say it is possible with a macro, which is a completely different topic. What we meant was binding "shoot" to the mousewheel in siege itself, without a macro. That is not possible.
Same here, made an account solely to post in this subreddit, and ultimately learned to love reddit. This action sure had consequences...
It's not that hard. Me and a friend picked up two randoms from a lobby and did it with them on the first try, all you have to do is play all heists in a row on hard without dying, and thats easy with the heist armor.
Call it upvotes instead on this one.
I wish we could turn off enemy chat, and only read team chat.
Those wheels must handle like you're driving on an ice rink.
Still one hell of a downgrade if you look at the current game.
You can outrun them easily though. Unless your stamina is low.
Nice idea. This would make many maps less frequent though. Only offering one map option, and a "skip/random" button would be nice.
Bozak Horde is pretty much a one-time play (unless you play on the hardest difficulty and it takes many tries to win), and the rewards are meh. The following comes with it though so I'd say it's worth it. All the other DLCs are unnecessary.
Naah, too much colors.
Well, bad phrasing. Not certainly too much colors, but too many in-your-face colors that don't fit weapons at all.
It's just a nuke in a truck trailer/train cart and the same thing happens as in the actual nuke ending.
They got rid of everyone and everything that way in all the endings, and it does seem very cheap. S3 was a huge let down compared to the old ones to a majority of the fans already.
What exactly is the different in the enhanced edition? You wrote "better looking game", I did not notice something like that though?
Not really, go out in the night and climb stuff. Preferably oldtown because there's a lot of shit to climb.
Guess why he left out that part :^)
She did
Professional bandit player spotted, didn't place a single battery.
hm.. electrify some barb wire? Not really effective on bomb, I agree.
Probably faulty spawns for the bridge, zombies often spawn so they instantly fall down roofs or bridges.
And a couple other maps. It doesn't make much sense to spawn next to a campfire on chalet though, unless you just came out of the woods rather than being proximity deployed in a vehicle.
Gadgets destroyed in the prep phase should get back to the inventory of the owner, similar to when you rip down a castle barricade.
