I don't think I know the answer to that one. I've never seen any version with a sappy ending, only the one where he is captive, gone crazy and living in a fantasy world. I simply can't imagine changing the ending and whoever would do such a thing (along with the ones that approved it) should be drawn and quartered.
&gt;Why? Because things change. I'm not opposed to monogamy just not so into marriage. I'm a 49F (also childfree) currently in a 10yr monogamous LTR, I have also been in a 6yr LTR and a 3yr. I prefer to keep finances separate from my SO, I always have so if/when the breakup happens it makes for easy splitting. I've had several reasons in the past for no marriage, but it mostly comes down to 'things change' and there's no reason to make things more complicated then they need to be. just fyi, this sub isn't very active so don't expect too many responses here.
This is definitely toned down from blue, this looks like it should be a natural color for humans. :)
Required sign in I'm not doing on mobile. Can someone paste the article here?
OP, did this happen to you?
Sit in a straight backed chair instead of on the floor.
This is over the line for people? The whole required bank account did it for me a long time ago.
&gt;no reason Ya, except for statistics on sexual assault literally everywhere that say this is probably the case.
This sounds interesting.
hot.
oh my, if I were in the same room with her I would turn into a blithering fool.
Ibuprofen is for reducing inflammation, acetaminophen is for reducing pain.
Calm down there sparky, this isn't politics this is logistics for a meet-up and info for a FB page.
ya, I tried turning it it's just not working out for me. thanks though.
The EPA is a fucking joke.
&gt; tried a hitachi once As far as I'm concerned this is like the briggs and stratton of vibrators, this would be overkill by a thousand for me and would kill any chance I might have to get off. Maybe try something a bit more gentle by a few orders of magnitude.
http://i.imgur.com/0tCz6ZJ.gif
and that's why they make [THESE](http://www.amazon.com/Adjustable-Window-Screen-25-1-White/dp/B00395J2IE)
Insurance better cover that shit the same as viagra.
welp, I would rather hear what someone experienced has to say on this than winging it any day.
&gt;underdone they are still in the pan cooking.
&gt;To me when people say I dont act black or am white Hopefully these were children that were/are saying these things to you and as you head into the adult world you will leave much of this behind. I unfortunately don't have much advice other than to seek out educated and well rounded folks that appreciate you for you and not a skin color or stereotype that you don't seem to fill for them. Also maybe a visit to /r/blackfellas and /r/racism with this could give you some good input.
On the dance floor, at a party, at a music festival, at a former job.
this is an advertisement.
It used to be banned here not sure when things changed, I definitely don't like it especially when it isn't tagged appropriately .
We eat 3-4 whole eggs cooked different ways in about 2-3teaspoons of butter with a large side of sauteed greens (kales,arugula, spinach, bok choy) using a tablespoon (or more) of coconut oil. This is our standard and has been for a few years, virtually no carbs, plenty of healthy fats and we don't get hungry for at least 4hrs.
how about the whole track instead of 2min of it?
Yep, /r/asexual is waiting for you.
Eric could be a nod monty python as well, eric the half-bee.
Isn't 123 a bit underweight for someone 5'9''? I'm 5'5'' and that's a low end on charts for me.
&gt; Only to the caffeine in coffee. well you might want to consider that you could also have a reaction to the caffeine in tea as well.
Its too bad everyone thinks that sub is a huge joke.
Isnt voat a thing as well?
&gt; homeless in a Siberian winter. Yep, I never have and I never will. Me and the type of person that wants an HOA are destined to never get along.
I remember back 20yrs ago when we would go to Landmark because it was good.
&gt; subscribers of that sub decided that anytime a brand or corporation name is mentioned that should make a post about it Actually no, it's been that way from the beginning. It was always in the sidebar that any mention of a product can be considered advertising. Just seems people want to think it was different for some reason.
Has nothing to do with paranoia, just dealing with reality. The marketers and advertisers have known these things as facts for years it seems it will take a while before everyone else understands it.
Totally a bro.
from the wiki: *Recent studies of Allegro's work have given new supporting linguistic evidence and led to calls for his theories to be re-evaluated by the mainstream* http://www.egodeath.com/WassonEdenTree.htm http://www.amazon.com/Failed-God-Fractured-Fragile-World/dp/1583942742
True as your statement might be this probably isn't the right place for it. Psychedelics haven't quite acheived their due in the mental health or medical field, though things do look very promising for the future.
My short experience with snakes has been two rescues one of which was neglected, ill-fed, and never handled in 8yrs. This one, an albino King, came to me emaciated, scared and very bitey (bit me several times two not letting go for over 20min). Now after 4mon she has doubled in size, is calm, likes to be held and is very curious. My second I've just gotten a few days ago is a 2y/o Ball who was given up because of being nervous and bitey as well. This one seems a breeze compared to the King, gives plenty of warning when it's not the right time to handle, defensive postures, hissing, and tail rattle. Balls are very docile in general and most people say getting the right environment with proper heat and food will do much to calm down most any of them. There are plenty of 'used' snakes out there being passed on because of other circumstances besides temperament; people moving, family members don't like them, too much work, not what they expected. It's pretty easy to find a snake with a full set up for less than half what it would be in a store. There are health concerns you would want to be aware of so do some research. I think I've been lucky with mine that they haven't ended up with any issues especially since they were free.
&gt;spacedicks they're just gross and crazy with no direction not something most people want to partake in but not really harmful to a specific group so not really the same as the other subs.
I'm on here more than most people, been here for several years yet have not seen this until today. Go figure.
&gt; posted on twitter oh my.
which is crazy to me when people are at an e**D**m show.
Dangerous Liasons
This is the correct explaination, too bad people refuse to hear it.
&gt;Please direct all inquiries to contact@reddit.com What does this mean? Should we ask why we can no longer post in this sub?
Actually 40 is near the end but even then there are plenty of women who have children in their early 40s and beyond.
This is cool, thanks.
I don't think I could dig up an actual instance of this, like I said this was years ago. But even so these skeptic-tards as they became known still creep out into other subs, they are obvious. They haven't researched a topic but from one angle they don't know about current studies and continue to nay-say certain topics since their favorite blogsters have done this.
I see two fish and water with lots of currents.
can also be low C or A, thyroid issue, and don't forget lupus. But ya low D can do it as well.
She did profit by holding two jobs she clearly obtained by being perceived as black and more than likely would not have been hired for if she were white.
are you being sarcastic, OP? if so we don't really get it.
Used to love HT when we had them here in ATL. They've all closed long ago unfortunately.
&gt; can go two weeks without cleaning Some of us just don't think it's that important to do more often than that. My tub definitely doesn't need cleaning every two weeks, maybe every couple of months unless I'm going to take a bath sooner then I will clean it.
Kravitz is christian. the joke still kind of works because kravitz.
&gt; Can you imagine how fast that shit would be protested against and shut down here? I really doubt this would happen. You are probably thinking of that one campus where it did happen but that was an insular case and a college campus isn't the real world.
Why would it matter what gender is committing assault? Probably easier to prove a male rapist than a female especially if it involved anal penetration but rape is rape regardless of the gender of the perpetrator.
Proceed at your own risk past this comment, it gets stupid real quick down there.
How the fuck does someone have the patients (or time for that matter) to put each fucking utensil in the washer separately?? My BIL has a dishwasher like this and I've tried to load and just given up on the silverware. Fuck that fiddly shit. Mine get completely clean every time with the old fashioned silverware caddy.
I would need some help with the fridge.
looks like a miele is 1k-2k depending on the model, isn't that in line with bosch?
fans, lots of fans. if you can install a ceiling fan.
It should be easy to cover.
&gt;I've been eating rice, pb and j, and cereal with almond milk for a few weeks now Where's the protein and fat? there's a bit of both in the PB but I can't imagine you are eating enough to fulfill your fat and protein requirements. this is probably why you are 'always hungry'.
Have you been to TX? Chock full of fat.
and yet they still can't get their pants the proper length.
they have anything new?
shitty wedsite aside here's the info in oils and fats you need: http://paleomagazine.com/paleo-cooking-oil-fat-crazy-unhealthy edit: here are the oils broken down a bit more: http://www.marksdailyapple.com/healthy-oils/
Proper mental health practices. We have none at the moment, going to a therapist is still stigmatized, there is zero required mental health screening for children or teens. Availability/ accessability for mental health care providers are shit, there is no place to simply walk in and talk to someone.
I was fired from the worst, most soul sucking job on the planet and given the opportunity to get my mental and physical health in order and I have been doing just that.
Taupe checking in.
Are you suggesting laying the fridge on its back with the door facing upwards?
&gt; coworkers, or boss Yes, it was systemic in this place. Just a pervasive sickness from the top down, it cultivated a paranoia that lived and breathed. It was disgusting.
If it's not maroon it's just wrong.
I keep thinking this week could be the one where cops don't shoot an unarmed man but it just doesn't work out.
that *is* meditation.
how in the world would this happen unless the animal was complicit?
how do you get in and out of the bathroom? those door handles are never cleaned.
Call the cops on the loiterers, call the county/city about the foliage, about the walk. And keep calling until they do something.
&gt; confederate flag stands for racism Well good sir or madame, I have yet to see someone flying a rebel flag that wasn't racist, I'm sure it's just a strange coincidence though. source: resident of GA for the last 25yrs.
&gt; here's the really racist part I'll just go ahead and say it was already really racist before this.
&gt; "You're cute/hot for a black girl/guy" I don't know about micro anything here, this just sounds racist to me.
wow, I have no idea what's going on.
The parade seems a bit sparse this year.
I'll try to relax and pay attention then.
As a strawberry eater, those do not look ripe.
no need to rub it in.
Sink plunger for clogs Keep your roof and gutters clean
HA! GA is way ahead of you, they've already passed a law making it illegal to ever expand.
&gt; these are national companies There are local companies that are new or smaller and cater to specific states but your coverage would be nationwide, I know these exist for auto ins. but not sure about RV. Do some research on states with more permissive insurance laws, the more lenient the more likely you will find what you need. Since all you are looking for is liability your chances would be better at finding someone that will bend their own rules to get your business. Smaller companies that are looking for business will be more willing to bend rules to get a new client. I've just obtained liability for my car doing just this, my broker found a company that is charging half what my former one did. They are a small no-name company from out of state that doesn't have nearly the criteria that the big ones do.
Not sure why I didn't think of this before, how about check with some local Burner groups (burning man) since they have many, many alternative vehicles and there are numerous buses, trucks and RVs of differing abilities being driven there. SF is burner capitol and has many local groups, I bet they will have a line on insurance for alt vehicles. try a google : vehicle insurance for burning man quick search gave me; http://www.reddit.com/r/BurningMan/comments/2ztwrl/i_know_about_insurance_ama/ this name came up ; https://www.hagerty.com/
Not satisfying at all, why the hell would they cut it before the eyes were chewed up??
&gt; post climax self-loathing I don't know what kind of victorian, sex- negative world you came from but my post climax is nothing but rainbows and happiness.
Dry shampoo can extend this for several more days if you are so inclined. I make a mixture of cornstarch, baking soda, cocoa, and cinnamon (use the cocoa to make the mixture darker for my dark hair).
I usually downvote anything with a product that isn't specifically in a product oriented sub, I also very often report the post as an advertisement. I don't come here first and see them and then downvote. So it would seem that many people are downvoting what appears as advertisements, could this mean some people don't like ads disguised as content?
[Heeyyyy yourself](http://img.tinychan.org/img/1415773646128437.jpg)
I just don't have the energy to get worked up for this crap any more.
I'm thinking its a mass issue and that it just plain wouldn't work even if you did manage to ingest enough matter. Why don't you just get your own piece of cactus and process it yourself?
&gt; 1 gram of 10x extract is equal to 10g fresh cacti. But you don't consume the fresh cactus let alone the entire body of the cactus so this doesn't mean anything. You trim the skin then cut away the bright green(the part you want, the chemically active part) you cook it down to a thick paste then dry it to a powder. This you can store for a very long time. You then take it as a powder in capsule form, straight powder, or mixed with water and drink it. As far as I know you can not reproduce this method with previously dried sections. But of course you are free do what you want to with your money and not do any research on method or what thousands of other people have been doing for hundreds of years.
might want to look into a rice cooker/steamer instead it will cook much faster and is more versatile.
I have zero clue why you've been downvoted, this is exactly true. Florida's wildlife is in serious danger from these guys since they have no predators above them, they will flourish and eventually wipe out many species if not kept under control.
&gt; releasing a snake into the wild. And not just any snake but one that can grow to 20ft long and eat decent sized mammals.
&gt; the sport "sport", Nascar is a sport like monster trucks and wrestling are sports. Edit: the butthurt nascar fans in here are adorable. :)
Why wouldn't it make sense? Seems to me it would make perfect business sense to make sure certain outcomes were likely to happen vs some random occurrance.
Oh little one, I clearly am talking about WWE type wrestling not the olympic sport.
Have you looked up the dosage for it? Its quite a bit higher than '2pills'. Most things I've read put it in a much higher range (1-2kmg) in addition to multiple times per day. There is a destinct relaxing effect so that isn't surprising and for me this is why I take it. I also noticed a large increase in libido which dropped off pretty quickly after the fist two months. I haven't bothered to increase my dose since this isn't my primary reason for taking it.
"The population of Burmese pythons presently established in the park is the result of accidental and/or intentional releases by pet owners. " http://www.nps.gov/ever/learn/nature/burmesepythonsintro.htm and looks like they've been there since the 80's https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Burmese_pythons_in_Florida
&gt; Also, are temps, humidity correct? I think so, its right at 80 and there is a large bowl of water to generate moisture also we are in GA so there's plenty of natural humidity, I don't have a humidity gauge yet. &gt;two hides yes but I'm not sure s/he like the cage set up nor one of the hides, I'm going to work with it a bit but I'm apprehensive to cause more disruption just yet.
Why? They are scared.
That definition is making it sound much more grounded and logical than it is when in fact it really boils down to religion and control over women via religion. That definition has been arrived at after the emotional/religious arguments already happened. They've made it sound more paletable and reasoned after the fact when in reality it is no such thing.
Um, no. That would not be acceptable.
Not sure what your point is since you picked one of the notoriously drier spots in AZ. Annual snowfall in Flagstaff - 100 inches Annual rainfall in Tuscon - 11.59 Annual rainfall for Grand Canyon North Rim - 25 inches Aqua Prieta (near the mexican boarder) 13.89 inches San Fran - 23.64inches I don't even know what my point is here aside from the fact that some states have a wide variety of weather conditions in different regions and AZ is much wetter than people think it is.
wonderful movie.
lovely movie, I've seen three times so far and each one I've seen it from a different perspective.
&gt; one of the best movies Robin Williams [The Fisher King](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0101889/)
&gt; travel trailer A goddamned heavy trailer.
you haven't even been together for a year yet and its long distance, you two barely know each other.
Is this really scary? I find it fascinating.
Mel Brooks Blazing Saddles? it's definitely not in B&amp;W. Do you mean Young Frankenstein? That was by Mel Brooks and is in B&amp;W
&gt;a few hundred dollars You seem to be forgetting the amount of labor you have put in as well. If you were to have hired someone to do this it would have been a couple of thousand or more when everything was done. Yes you should go after every dime and maybe a bit more. I've purchased 6 houses over the years and have never encountered anything left in the houses at all. I or my realtor did a walk through a day or two before closing to make sure everything was ok, which you should have done as well, Did you have a realtor working on this or was it a fsbo? If you did have a realtor they definitely should have advised you to do a walk through and if it wasn't up to par then you don't go to closing until it is or you make a deal for them to pay for it.
Cucumber martinis
Where does the mud come from at these events?
It's a form of community and a shorthand communication with a common group. Its cute, funny, and a shared experience between peers that all are in on the joke. Its enjoyable.
&gt; progress this word seems to imply that someone took an initiative themselves rather than they were forced to do a thing.
If GA were to even think of fighting or balking at this every single movie, tv show and video would pull out of the state tomorrow. This is purely a financial decision on GA's part, but I guess whatever it takes to get us there.
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4046332/
&gt;who..? Bogart circa 1941
People are idiots. Where I am I would say about 10% of the bang noises tonight were gun shots. source: I shoot guns.
Whoa now, everyone here does know that Donald doesn't exist right? He's Charlie's imaginary/alter ego/other self he can't stand this other part of him but desires some of its base crudeness for his simplicity and easiness in life. In the end he says fuck it uses all the silly tricks in the script. He hates himself for it but it works. It also works to unite aspects of donald into his psyche then Donald can die and Charlie can be more whole. Donald was the deux ex machina, the revelation, and the thing to overcome. Essentially charlie getting over himself.
Die, heretic.
I think I'm seeing donald as an extreme bit that Charlie has seperated from himself in a bout of anxiety and mental breakdown in response to the pressure he's put on himself to create this perfect artistic film. If he can seperate all the trite/silly/pandering/banality in himself then he can make the perfect film. In the end he sees this can't be done within the time frame alotted (or maybe ever for that matter) and relents to Donalds ideas. Those ideas were so outrageous Donald had to pay the ultimate price for it. Such a wonderful movie, I just recently rewatched it as well.
so many great scenes in that movie.
So what exactly happened that is newsworthy here? If I'm reading correctly it seems it's mostly low level gossip and speculation about more of the same.
Which is strange since this happened after The Station Agent, an amazing movie.
&gt; spoiler alert? Are you planning to watch this movie?
corrected
&gt; Station Master Peter's character explores the darker side of S&amp;M and fetish as a Master of domination. His submissives live in small huts around his house and care for him and his property, he in turn takes care of them nightly.
heretic
&gt; just go to another stage ya, and lose your place then when you come back you are at the very back and can't see shit unless you fight your way back up front, which is a dick move afaic.
awesome, I spent ages 14-29 binge drinking.
&gt; It really isn't about race. It's about social status. Black people routinely receive more serious charges, higher fines, are arrested more often than whites for the same crimes, receive longer sentences when convicted than a white person. It ain't just about being poor.
I have a mediteranian cafe that has a grocery in the back and they have some decent oils from Turkey and Armenia. The first time I tried one I was amazed at how much flavor it had, I had never taste olive oil like it before. I will take a guess that I might not have ever had the real stuff before that.
It was already used about a year ago when reddit was sucking the pope's schlong. #Pope for life @Big Pope'n. Bernie for Pope, Straight to the Vatican.
I would watch that.
&gt; just slip out the back door. Yes! The Quick Dip. This is perfect for people you see all the damn time anyway.
&gt; It isn't crime rate rising necessarily In the US crime has steadily decreased over the last 40yrs, in particular violent crime has decreased the most. It's never been lower actually.
&gt; Play cher's believe This is far too cruel for the surrounding wildlife.
&gt; How do you feed yourself when you live in a van? Camp stove can work for most anything, a coleman two burner should work for most cooking you would want to do. They also make stove/oven combos that run on propane which are portable though they do take up some space. If you have a fridge and a bit of room for some essentials you can provide most of your own food without eating out. Though if you are camping somewhere you shouldn't be cooking might be more difficult.
&gt; spending an astronomical amount of gas running the engine all night to stay warm nobody does this, they make very small heaters that run on propane and are made for small spaces (leave a window cracked) also you could heat a van with a couple of candles and terracotta pots since it's such a small space.
This is simply impossible where I live, 90degrees with 90% humidity and you are sweating the second you walk out of the house let alone with any movement or exercise you might make.
It seems you read zero of the links I provided, I'm done with you.
The wiki page for toilet paper direction used to be the longest page on wikipidia.
OP, I'm twitching with your allowing the cat on the kitchen counter. Those paws have been in poop.
One of the smokiest places on the planet, be prepared to have your clothes thoroughly cleaned after visiting. Last time I was there I couldn't last more than 10min before I had to leave.
Documentary about this is Let the Fire Burn, [on netflix currently](http://www.netflix.com/search/let%20the%20fire%20burn?jbv=70274329&amp;jbp=0&amp;jbr=0). I am in no way defending what the authorities did it was reprehensible, disgusting really. Just wanted to say though this group was more than a littlle wacky and seemed to be a terrible scourge on the neighborhood. If you want to do a back to the land movement its probably a good idea to get out of the city. edit: link added for movie
And not a source for miles. Op, this is gossip.
Alabama still holding up unconstitutional ideas well into the 21st century. #KeepingitRealintheSouth.
&gt;so long? It's been a handful of days, not really a long time at all especially if the gov't is involved. I will also take a guess that if they thought about this for even 5min then they brought along a propane heater, if they didn't they are bigger idiots than they appear to be currently.
&gt;using Krisco found your problem. I've used a variety of oils and there really is no substitute for bacon fat.
&gt; a gimmick that also cleans the shit out of my oven without chemicals, don't overuse this and it won't break the oven.
Not sure what this has to do with bananas but l-lysine is the best for cold sores. 1000mg twice a day. reported for spam.
A booster seat? no those are for sitting at the adult table when you are still a kid. you must be thinking of someone who is overly confident and always going on about their accomplishments.
In reference to evolution: "Everything has 5 fingers."
It's not 'terrible' to dislike your family, this is a misconception that needs to finally die. You are not obligated to like them or even keep in contact with them if they are harmful to you.
money can't buy taste.
She's absolutely right, if everyone hadn't completely slacked off on this issue during the 90s and 00s we wouldn't be having the problems we have currently. So many thought 'well, that's settled' and didn't do a damn thing about it and let too many on the wrong side make headway and now we have states with virtually no women's clinics at all.
bit insulting to bjork to compare the two, bjork who writes and produces most of her own work.
&gt; creativity Maybe I missed this part. I see nothing creative in the video, the music or singing style, perhaps it's in the lyrics?
this would have been better without the music in the background, battling dialog and song lyrics.
&gt; But it appears they cashed it and then called the cops. And this is a bunch of horseshit right here, if they think it's bogus then they should put a hold on it or stall or whatever bullshit banks do. You don't act like everything is normal then report a crime when technically it would have been the bank committing the crime by cashing a bogus check. The guy didn't take any money he hadn't been given in the first place.
I'm not really the person your question is targeting but I'll throw in my 2 cents anyway. I regret not sleeping around more as a sober person, I did an ass load of fucking when I was drunk and it was terrible really. I would love to go back and be educated, self aware, and sexually liberated, pretty much none of the things I was at the time. I was sleeping around for many wrong reasons and I would love to go back and do it in a healthy way to learn about my sexuality as an aspect of who I am not use it as a rebellion, diversion, or a false sense of control.
I have the same problem, we've had more rain this year than ever (really is the wettest year on record). I have an old non-working window unit that I'm thinking of replacing with an exhaust fan. As it is I've had to leave the doors open and run a big fan for ventilation, it helps but everything is gross again when I close it up. I definitely need a better solution.
use it for your stash.
No it wasn't. Or are you being sarcastic?
It's soap it isn't unsanitary.
Guess that's why he put so much effort into doing something about it. /s
He would take her in the bathroom or bedroom to do it if someone else was there. If she came home and went directly to the bathroom he would follow her so he could check before she had a chance to wash up.
&gt; 100 people This is literally nothing in the land of studies especially when you are using self reporting on both ends (to find your subjects and to assess reaction)
&gt; the divorce was a cruel abandonment. Welp, from all accounts of her friends this was exactly what it was, most of her friends at the time say that she told a very different story than their being 'friends'. I did quite a bit of reading on this topic back when he was running because I was seriously thinking about voting for him before palin. That nice sanitized story of it being amicable and them remaining friends is a bunch of canned pap for the press and her doing him a serious solid for his career by not outing the dirty details. She is a stand-up gal in ways he will never be.
Pasta, spaghetti, or gnocci
I actually wasn't trying to be an ass or even imply there was a thought about money on his end or any other angle. It's just a thing that is happening in this case and for many other artists when they die, their stuff is more sought after.
&gt; re-freeze a rat once You re-freeze? I didn't know this could be done. I take it this works or you wouldn't be doing it.
Quality is about the same as it's always been and I've been here for a while but the goddamned stagnant front page is the pits. Being forced to vote on things to move them out of the way is tedious.
&gt; doesn't explain what's happened in Georgia. Atlanta is the explanation for GA, plain a simple, this town is booming right now with people coming in from all over.
looks pretty much the same imo
so with your study sample of 1 OP should just go ahead? why are you even commenting?
Live in the city or burbs and literally never take your vehicle off the pavement but yet need to haul things on a very regular basis. And live in a climate with no snow and less that once a year freezing. source: 2wd truck owner for 20yrs.
citric acid and stevia or other calorie free sweetener. or [THESE THINGS](http://www.walmart.com/ip/34730043?wmlspartner=wlpa&amp;adid=22222222227022935000&amp;wl0=&amp;wl1=g&amp;wl2=c&amp;wl3=40891553192&amp;wl4=&amp;wl5=pla&amp;wl6=78821157512&amp;veh=sem) sorry for the wally world link just keeping with OPs shopping habits.
chlorine and genitals do not mix.
"Online"
&gt; We are not all rapists No you are not but the uncomfortable fact that most rapists are men does cloud the issue for many people. And it's damn hard to distinguish between a rapist and a regular guy just by looking at them or even talking to them for that matter.
St. Pete is full of eerily quiet crazy.
Oh shit, c'mon and ride it, this brings me back. I worked in a club and this was played *all* the time, I actually have many good memories from then.
That I can't lift the other end of the goddamned couch.
nope, still tea since the word 'tea' has more than one meaning.
Looks more than a bit like Ruby Rose.
OP was pretty clear not sure why you're having a problem.
