The turret thing wasn't a glitch, but a game mechanic.
It doesn't make sense for an ODST to carry a turret, period. The mechanic was left it because it was fun.
&gt; there's some story that's behind his new look How is that not confirmation of an in-universe explanation for the Chief's new look? &gt; Chief's armor change isn't mentioned in game This is probably the closest thing to evidence against the nanomachine theory, but that's a stretch. You know what else isn't mentioned in the game? Why there are suddenly Spartan-IVs. Does that mean they've always existed? Of course not. &gt;Chief's new undersuit matches the redesigned undersuit used by the SIVs &gt;Blue Team's Mark VI resembles Chief's redesigned armor, not his classic set. &gt;We know that's their Mark VI because of the H2A terminals Yes, Blue Team stated field testing Mjolnir components that would later be used in [GEN2]. At best, that helps explain the similarities between the Chief's upgraded suit and [GEN2]'s design. &gt; There are in-universe examples of Chief's redesigned armor prior to the events in Halo 4. There are also in-universe examples of the Chief's classic Mk. VI, such as his appearance in Halo 2 Anniversary and Spartan Strike. The comics generally use the "current" version of the Chief to avoid confusing casual fans. It's the same reason you have a statue of the Chief wearing his upgraded Mk. VI in the #HUNTtheTRUTH trailers. &gt; The battle damage sustained in Halo 3 is still visible on his new armor And there are plausible explanations for it's presence. Canonically, you never really see the Chief's armor until after he crashes on Requiem. It could easily have been sustained during that fall. I know you can actually see it in co-op or when you die, but those aren't canonical occurrences. &gt; Signifigant scarring to Mark VI cannot be repaired by nanobots. What does this have to do with anything? The Chief was in cryo for 4.5 years. Cortana made the upgrades while he was out. The nano-machines aren't something built into the suit. &gt; Chief's armor was repaired after defeating the Didact rather than replaced. Again, what does this have to do with anything? &gt; His new armor has thrusters which weren't on the classic design Mark VI. Cortana upgraded his suit. She could have easily added these. &gt; Concept art for Halo 4 showed Blue Team using nearly identical armor to Chief's That's not Blue Team, those are just Spartans. The art book even labels them as just general Spartans, and it's part of the section on the multiplayer. I have checked the evidence, and I find any idea that the Chief's new look is simply artistic severely wanting. I was on the side of it being simply an artistic change when we saw that first Halo 4 trailer, and continued to defend that position for months until I started seeing evidence that there was an in-universe explanation.
I doubt it will change your mind, but here's another quote from Frank O'Connor: &gt; "There's some fairly radical modifications to his armor," O'Connor said. "Some of those are an artistic evolution, but some are connected to the story. We just can't talk about it yet. He's been in space for a long time." [Source](http://www.ign.com/articles/2011/12/02/master-chief-will-change-in-halo-4)
&gt; Aren't you the person who runs Halo Canon? I am
I certainly don't ignore the inconsistency of the nanobot theory, but I accept that there is more to the Chief's armor than just an artistic change. Maybe the nanobot theory is wrong, but the fact that evidence exists to refute the idea that it's simply artistic change is too much for me to ignore. If I find something compelling to discuss regarding the subject, I'll gladly bring it up again. However, as I stands, the evidence, to me, points to the conclusion that the Chief's armor in Halo 4 is an upgraded variant of his Mk. VI. I don't really care for the explanation, and the communication was piss-poor at best, but to me, those are the facts.
&gt; Please tell me you wouldn't quit too. I wouldn't, and I don't.
It's not concept art. More that likely, that's from one of Halo 5's terminals.
Those were vague overviews. The real design requirement and specifications would have been with Materials Group.
Looks like we might be waiting to find out who the red Spartan is. I was hoping all of Locke's teams would be revealed next week, but it looks like they might be saving that for GI. Still, this is fucking awesome! EDIT: Or not. I forgot these issues come out a month ahead of the stated month.
Currently, Naomi is the only one we know of. You could argue someone like Serin Osman, but she's only a Spartan in name. Likely, though, the GI article just said that to make things simple.
Oh yeah, there are plenty of potentially active Spartan-II. I'm just saying that Naomi is the only one we know of, for sure.
Where did they state that? Also, the level in question take place only 8 months after Halo 4's campaign.
I know. I never said it went missing after Halo 4. However, it only went missing a month or so before the Chief woke up near Requiem.
Removed for potential copyright issues. The video's back, but without these particular images. Only stuff from the video GI posted yesterday.
What's to say they don't? The fact that they have the thrusters would seem to suggest that they have upgraded. [From the Jet Pack article on Halo Waypoint:](https://www.halowaypoint.com/en-us/universe/tech/jetpack) &gt; Though the next spiral of GEN2 Mjolnir refinements will incorporate an integrated set of thrusters
At that point, though, you might as well call it [GEN2]. It'd be like saying that Jorge in Halo Reach was wearing Mk. IV, even though everything had been upgraded to work with the Mk. V platform. Also, since I missed this before: the statement about Spartan-IIs still using Mk. VI was from the Halo 4 Essential Visual Guide.
How was the food?
It's cool. I don't expect everyone to be canon-savy, and I certainly never mind explaining things. Happy to have helped :)
It was confirmed a while back (not long after the beta, if I recall correctly), that it would only by body and helmet customization, just like in the Beta. It's sad, but I do understand why they did that.
You lucky bastard! Unfortunately, all the bookstores in my area are pretty diligent about sticking to release dates.
What new Promethean are we talking about? The only new Promethean I've heard of is the Promethean Soldiers, which is just a new Promethean class.
Eh, don't sweat it. Plenty of people are making the mix-up. I was fortunate enough to have been online when that whole thing happened. Halo Archive originally said it was the Didact (MECHA-DIDACT!), but it was probably an hour or so later that Frankie's post was posted on twitter.
I'm just going to post here what I posted over in /r/HaloStory I'm honestly not sure how I feel about this. The story of The Fall of Reach has been told twice, now, and explored in other media (Hunt the Truth, Halsey's Journal). Do we really need another re-telling? Unless 343 is planning to integrate some stuff from Halo Reach, smooth out some kinks in the timeline, maybe finally address how Jun got off the planet, I can't say I'm all that excited. Further, I'm almost certain that this is only going to be playable through the Halo Channel, and if it's anything like Forward Unto Dawn or Nightfall, this will probably make it way to physical media, screwing over customers who bought the LCE.
For the most part, but the built-in jet packs are new.
I would like one of those better, but I'm much more interested in seeing new content.
That is really cool, but at the same time, I kind of have to cringe at the though of cutting up those comics. Still, amazing work!
Kenya: I beg to differ. From what we saw at the end of Halo 3, the area didn't look all that bad. Again, the amount of plasma output to exterminate the Flood infestation and to literally glass the surface would be quite different. Vale: Fair enough, but I think that, given what we know, nominating her for Spartan-hood isn't all the out-there. Besides, she'd received additional training post-augmentation, as do all Spartan Candidates. Home Fleet: By the end of Halo 3, there were only a few ships left (a handful, as Hood put it), but we don't know how many ships were out on other deployments at the time of Halo 3. Remember, Human slipspace travel at that time was incredibly slow. 4 days from Reach to Earth was considered speedy, and we're only talking about ~10.5 light-years. It's very possible, as some have suggested, that ships from other deployments were called back to Earth to make up for home fleet's loss. And I would ask: would ONI really need to cover up the losses? The area around the Portal site was likely quarantined for a while after the end of the Covenant War, and if it wasn't, ONI surely would have done so given that they wanted to activate it. Don't get me wrong, I'd like this stuff directly addressed, but I don't think the problems are all that severe.
I understand what you're saying, but I'm not sure I agree. That's just never the impression I got.
Well, I don't want to derail the topic, but you're welcome to PM me.
That, I can agree with. I need to re-read those sections, see exactly what they said.
I personally figured they were bred and rapidly grown, but that could also be the case. Still, I wish they'd directly addressed it.
&gt; Is it common enough knowledge now that there was a Human-Forerunner war before the firing of the Array or did she just not understand the full implication of what Solitude was saying? I kind of figured the second is more likely. Solitude's statement could mean a lot, especially since it has no context. We as fans know what he was referring to because we know about ancient Humanity. Vale likely does not, and might not know what to make of Solitude's statement.
&gt; I take it some people know of Ancient Humanity though? Some, though it isn't clear how many. Lasky was pretty open about his knowledge of Prometheans being ancient Humans in Spartan Ops, but it seemed pretty clear the it was news to Thorne at the time.
&gt; Lasky knows, and he isn't even ONI Though Lasky did say that the UNSC knew about ancient Humans. But that's another discussion. It is entirely possible that Vale knows about ancient Humanity, but I see no reason why she would have to know. In the case of Lasky and Palmer, it was relevant to their campaign on Requiem, and it's possible that they learned it directly from the Chief during Halo 4's campaign. Vale, as a diplomat to the Sangheili, wouldn't need to know. My overall point is that her lack of reaction doesn't really mean anything, since without proper context, Solitude's statements wouldn't really mean anything. They might make her think, but she was in a desperate situation with the singular goal of survival. She wouldn't have time to think about the larger implications, if those even came to mind. We as fans know what Solitude was talking about because we have the privilege of a bird's eye view of things, a privilege most, if not all characters, lack.
*Infinity*'s trip to Requiem only took ~~a few hours~~ a day, thanks to her Forerunner slipspace drives. The reason the trip to the Ark took so long was because the Ark is over 260,000 light years from galactic center. Requiem is in the Milky Way, making for which shorter trip.
I should amend myself and note that it was a day, rather than a few hours, but here's the source: https://www.halowaypoint.com/en-us/forums/db05ce78845f4120b062c50816008e5d/topics/learn-what-happened-today-in-halo/9e7159ac-143a-4e71-bcfd-622db8f7c3a3/posts?page=7#post123
Weird. That's basically every game of CE I've played on the MCC.
As a privately owned business, Wal-Mart has every right to deny any sort of business they choose, such as decorating a cake with the Confederate Flag (never mind that's not what that flag is, but that's another discussion).
It would be accurate to say that the Breakout arena is the closest we've seen to what the War Game simulator looks like without the holographic enhancements. However, I'm not sure if I agree with the notion that respawning in purely multiplayer-flavor. Given 343's recent trends, I'd say it's like there is an explanation for respawning. One idea that comes to mind is a Forerunner trans-location grid like we've seen on the Halo rings or Requiem (though on a much smaller scale). When a Spartan "dies", he or she is teleported to a new location to "respawn".
Only in split screen, though. I'd happily take some performance issues if it meant split screen came back.
I would be genuinely surprised if it did.
The HRUNTING/YGGDRASIL Mark I eventually led to the Mantis. In some respects, the HRUNTING/YGGDRASIL systems are superior, but I think the overall mobility and agility provided by Mjolnir has advantages, too. Both armor systems have their advantages and disadvantages, depending on the situation.
Absolutely, but put him against an army (all at once, not bottle-necked like in the games) or against an aircraft, and the Mantis would be a good choice of combat vehicle.
My thoughts exactly. Still, it looks damn cool!
It only makes sense since the Warden is part of Warzone. *Infinity* really only would have had the chance to add him after the events of Halo 5.
Could be, but I'm still more inclined to think it was recovered from Genesis.
That's 343's old address. I'd recommend your Brother send the letter to Microsoft's headquarters with something like "ATTN: 343 Industries" on the envelope. Microsoft's address: Microsoft Headquarters One Microsoft Way Redmond, WA 98052
God, those ugly Phantoka/Mistika forms. *shudders* I loved the 2015 sets, and while I don't hate the 2016 sets, they seem a little too generic compared to the uniqueness of each Toa set from last year. Still, they were a blast to build.
Theoretically yes, but after Meridian, they had no reason to believe he would return until Osiris encountered him a second time on Sanghelios.
They never said they dropped it, so there's no reason to think they did.
An excellent point!
When you can snipe at the Warden from halfway across the map, map control isn't necessarily a workable solution.
I still like it. It's no Halo 4, sure, but I don't think it's that bad. And honestly, it's been a while since I was this excited for the future of Halo's story. We're basically in uncharted territory.
I would recommend a second or third playthough. I was amazed at how much I missed the first time, especially as I started taking my time to traverse each level.
&gt; QUITTERS &gt; FUCK OFF AND PLAY SOMETHING ELSE Pretty sure you just defined a quitter.
I was initially turned off, but I ended up liking it once I realized that the Cortana was find in Halo 5 isn't the one we lost in Halo 4. Halo 5's Cortana has changed, she's not the same person we enjoyed in the previous titles. In that way, the "real" Cortana never came back. As far my hopes, I'm really just hoping we don't "save her" in some future game. I can see her being a part of a Flood plan (her current parallel to Mendicant Bias are fairly obvious), but I really hope she doesn't "see the error of her ways" or something. If she's gone bad, I want her to follow through to the end.
Because of their gameplay in the past, or just as enemies? If the former, I feel for you. I sincerely hope that 343 has the mind to seriously overhaul Flood AI and gameplay if they return.
Amen to that. Escalation was extremely disappointing, especially since hinting at Halo 5's events would have been so fucking easy. Literally one or two lines when Halsey was accessing the Absolute Record.
A good Canon Fodder to start the week off. Some interesting insights into characters and canon, and while little was revealed, it's nice to have Universe entries for the Guardians and Warden Eternal.
I just figured it's because the Flood aren't the type of enemy a Guardian was built to fight, especially once they've assimilated Forerunner tech.
I'm sure they tried the Guardians at some point.
Well, this is very unfortunate. On the surface, the new options seem fantastic, but if this is the case, well....fuck.
Pretty much. Although, UNSC vs. Reapers might be a more interesting fight. EDIT: A good video to compliment that one: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m_Loc7qX7FI
They are. The first death star is 120 km^3, and the second is 160 km^3. Still an interesting video. In the video's defense, there are apparently various sources for the sizes that conflict rather wildly.
&gt; Here's to that! I'm not sure I entirely agree, but I can't fault Disney for their decision. Plus, considering how much of the "Legends" canon the new canon has already drawn from, it seems Disney hasn't completely disregarded it all.
It wouldn't be that simple. Disregarding the fact that campaign spaces don't always work as multiplayer spaces (it *really* didn't work in Reach), it's not as simple as "cutting and pasting". Sure, it could arguably save some time on modeling new assets, but there would still have to be a lot of time spent on testing spawns, weapon placement, etc. etc.
&gt; It'd probably take more effort or the same that's put into a remix A good analogy, I'd say. &gt; I'd like maps on shanhelios I think we all would
What Halo 6 needs is time. To, what has become abundantly clear is that games are getting too big and complicated for the old 3 year development cycle. In the case of Halo, this is abundantly true, especially with what fans are demanding from main-entry Halo titles these days.
Funny thing is, Bungie rarely had much involvement with the TV commercials, and virtually non with the Believe campaign. Believe and the TV commercials were largely done by Microsoft's internal marketing team and the Halo Franchise Development team. That latter group eventually became 343 Industries. Besides, comparing the Believe ads and ODST and Reach commercials to the MCC "We Will Rock You" ad really isn't fair. I seriously doubt that, if Bungie were still involved, the MCC ad would have been much different. Never mind that we also had trailers like this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7_64VHqDHQQ Or these for CEA: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eOjED8my8iA https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cq6qUB1kORk Comparing the trailers you included to the MCC "We Will Rock You" ad is comparing apples to oranges. Regaring the Locke commercial: I don't really see that as inferior to any of the linked commercials, but that's me.
Last I heard (which was early-ish 2015, if I recall correctly), it's still in pre-production. Beyond that, nothing.
Funny thing is, there were some in Forerunner society that argued against fighting the Flood because of the tenants of the Mantle. Granted, this was really early in the war, but it caused enough of an issue that it delayed the Forerunner response to the Flood threat.
God, that awful music. At least the "rave music" in Halo 4 were remixes of songs on the Halo 4 soundtrack. This? Seriously 343, WTF?
It's a nice peak into the post-Halo 5 universe.
Indeed indeed. Maybe, for a level, players could visits one of these planets being terraformed, or re-terraformed, saving Humans that would be wiped out by the process, or stopping it to save a colony.
Probably something like this: http://www.halopedia.org/MJOLNIR_Powered_Assault_Armor/NOBLE
I swear, one way or another, we need Human enemies in Halo 6. I wouldn't believe for a second that all Humanity would be against Cortana. In fact, I can almost imagine Spartans teaming up with former insurrectionists. They didn't want to submit to UNSC control, so no way they'd give in to Cortana.
The original question was about what Mk. V[B] would look like in Halo 5. The Noble armor is the closest approximation we currently have.
Made worse by the fact that he just has this blank face the whole time. I'm thinking, "This isn't John! This is nothing like John!"
&gt; Halo: The Flood is rife with inconsistencies No more than any other Halo novel, I assure you, especially if you pick up the more recent printings. &gt; I wouldn't give its depiction of the drop process to much merit. IIRC Dietz describes the pods very oddly. Dietz wrote the novel at a time before ODST pods had been depicted in the canon. At best, he would have had early concept art, if that. Besides, the book is canon, so it's our best look at how long an ODST drop would last.
I don't think so. The Mk. V in Halo 4 was based on the version seen in Halo CEA. This "Mk. V Alpha" is basically an up-resed version of the armor as depicted in Halo CE. Hopefully Grim will talk about it in this week's Canon Fodder.
Thanks for the correction. I tried looking up some numbers, but the descriptions weren't all that clear (at least to me).
The source article (with some lore) for anyone interested: http://www.spartangames.co.uk/halo-veterans
They know about the Spartan-IIs. Their existence was revealed in 2547 to boost moral among troops and the public. Naturally, ONI left out their true origins, presenting them simply as super-soldiers. http://halo.bungie.net/projects/reach/article.aspx?ucc=intel&amp;cid=24024 http://www.halopedia.org/2547
If they are featured, I think it's likely we'll just see a link to the Spartan Games article (as has been the trend in the past). I think this week is still focusing on the *Infinity's Armory* update.
Based on the description for the Alpha, it sounds like it's a whole new design based on the Mk. V.
I'd watch that for a dollar!
Installation 03 was moved during Halo Escalation, so it's no longer in the same location as it was in Halo 4.
&gt; The environments looked cool Really cool! It's crazy how different the environment concepts were from the character concepts, like they were for two completely different games.
Oh yes, they certainly are. I'm just reporting on what the latest canon sources has shown
That's not the Meta...
Season 13 was fantastic! We're likely months away from season 14, so it's a good time to get back into the series.
I'm just busting your balls. In all honesty, a Meta-inspired armor would be pretty cool.
[We've had enough Anniversary projects](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=umDr0mPuyQc)
Not really. I'd love those stories, sure, but I'm honestly sick of Anniversary games. I personally didn't even want CEA, let alone H2A. Admittedly, CEA was well timed, and for all the faults of the MCC, it was a worth-while package. That said, H3A is too far, to me.
I'm right there with you. Halo is rip for live action, especially a high-quality production. And honestly, much as people clamor for a Halo movie, I'm personally of the mind that a TV show has significantly more potential (as I think DC's current Flarrow-verse is proving). More stories, characters, developments, etc. While I am fairly concerned at this point, I think there's still hope for the TV show. The shut-down of Xbox's TV division was really what set back Halo, but given 343's investment in live-action, there's still a glimmer of hope.
I know they were talking to Showtime, but I don't know if that deal ever went through. Here's hoping, though. Premiere cable would be the best way to present a Halo TV series.
The JFK assassination, though none of the purposed theories were even remotely correct. The real conspiracy was the Warren commission being mislead by the Zapruder film (assuming it captured the entire assassination) and the problem of too many cooks when it came to who was incharge of the investigation. In short, it was sloppy and people were misdirected. Beyond that, I've never found a conspiracy theory that remotely convinced me the further I looked into it.
The existence of aliens isn't really a conspiracy theory. Plenty of real scientists and science communicators believe that alien life, and even intelligent alien life is very possible, even likely. The conspiracy is that aliens were somehow involved with the development of intelligent life and/or Human civilization. Or that they abduct people. Pick your conspiracy.
Yeah I've seen that before, but there's virtually no evidence for it. Not that I've seen, anyway.
And really, if you look at the profile of the shooter, he was obsessed with school shootings, had behavioral problems, etc. I'm not saying everyone like that will end up shooting people up, but neither will every kid who's depressed and gets bullied (like the Columbine shooters).
I don't suppose you have any links? I never kept up with any of the conspiracy theory stuff.
Fouth'ded
Yeah, I've seen that stuff and even presented it in the aforementioned "debate". No dice, and the guy keeps insisting Bungie threw it out entirely at some point. I just wanted to see if someone knew something and get a fresh pair of eyes on this. Thanks for looking around.
It was on my YouTube channel, where I generally like to respond. The guy posted basically the same claim in 4 comment threads. I don't know if he's anti-EU. His statement was that, at the time of Halo Reach's release, Bungie had (apparently for the fourth time) declared the books/EU non-canon.
He left 4 near-identical replies to 4 comment threads on a single video. Sorry if I wasn't clear on that initially. He very well could be a troll, and I'm almost ready to give up. At this point, I just wanted to reach out and see if anyone had heard anything similar to what this guy is spouting. Seems the answer is a universal no.
It's taking place on my "Battle of Reach Timeline" video on YouTube.
I just want to note, that's a fan theory that has not been officially commented on. It's possible that Mendicant influenced where the Chief ended up, but other than that quote, we have no direct evidence.
That or *Conversations from the Universe.*
Not that I recall, but visorless helmets would use cameras to let the user see.
Regarding the setting specifically, when I analyzed this level recently, more than a few people suggested that the level happened inside the Cryptum, as in, Blue Team was basically teleported straight into the Cyptum and the events of the level were imagined. That sits no better with me than the idea of the level taking place in the Domain, but, well, I thought I'd pass it along. Regarding the whole idea of the level being one psychological ploy, the Warden in on the trick the whole time, I personally have to believe it to be true. The dialogue throughout the missions heavily implies this. It could always be that the writing was purposefully misleading (and honestly, who would be surprised?) but I'd like to try and give 343 the benefit of the doubt. I don't know why, but I do. The cap image at the end was perfect! Overall, I actually enjoyed the Breaking. It's probably my favorite Blue Team mission in the game, though I won't deny that the music plays a big part in that. Still, for my praise, the mission has some serious issues as you pointed out.
Frank O'Connor said that a Spartan-IV in [GEN2] would stand on equal ground with a Spartan-II in [GEN1].
This remains the only piece of Halo media that I have not purchased (or rather, re-purchased). God, it was terrible! Unnecessary changes that fly in the face of established event and characterizations, and a total lie of a title. I've had non-lore-loving friends ask my why the series was called "Fall of Reach", and I've had them note how much they didn't care for John as a character, especially after the gym scene. Fucking-A! I went into this series not expecting much. I didn't want it to begin with, but I never expected to be so disappointed.
I'd still recommend reading it once, forming your own opinion. I hated the book, but I can still recommend others read it.
Maps primarily, but maps and gametypes most of all. Enough new REQs
Well, I own a digital version, but I usually get physical media.
&gt; Halo Wars had you in control of like 8 spartans Those were the Spartans of Spartan Group Omega. Only the three Spartans of Red Team (Douglas, Jerome, and Alice) were on the Spirit of Fire when it chased after the Arbiter &amp; Anders, and was labeled MIA.
&gt; Like I said, because the UNSC used the Retriever Sentinels to repair Ark, like the planned to do in Hunters in the Dark. But how? Where would they get the resources? *Hunters in the Dark* seemed to imply that they the planetoid on the Ark wouldn't suffice. &gt; The Created. Possibly. I'm really hoping it's not post-war, though. We'll find out in just over a week, shan't we?
&gt; Like Hunters in the Dark said, by opening other portals and getting resources from other planets. That seems iffy. We know the portal system wasn't exactly well maintained.
I think there has to be some kind of strength increase. Jaune certainly got better after his aura was unlocked. However, the show is fairly inconsistent with how it demonstrates feats of strength. The best example that comes to mind is an instance from volume 2. Ruby wields Crescent Rose, a weapon that must weigh quite a bit to do what it does, with ease. However, when she looses it briefly in Vol. 2 and has to fight Roman, her hits are pretty weak. So...yeah.
[60 bucks](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sRP_zL6WG38) says he'll show up again in the Domain, "cured" of his madness.
EDIT: I R stupid &gt; Spartan III ~~Gamma~~ company ~~Beta~~
You're right, I did misread it. Thanks!
Does Reed say that the Didact will be back in another comment?
It is, which is why I said "average". Some show signs sooner, some later.
&gt; It still just comes across as Cortana throwing a tantrum to me. I tend to agree, but I wanted to try and explain what her view on the matter may be.
They are created sure, but they are sapient beings. Halo 5 never brings it up, but there is a major moral debate to be had about the way Smart AI are treated by Humanity.
&gt; Again, there's really not Yes, there is. That was a major theme in *Halo: Saint's Testimony*, in fact. &gt; If AI rights becomes a thing in the future, they'll cease to exist at all. This argument makes no sense. No one would spend billions of dollars developing a Smart AI if it has absolutely no programming directives and is not given an allegiance to some specific cause at the moment of inception. Maybe, but at the moment we're talking about the morality of killing a sapient being. &gt; Look at the Forerunners. They were 10 million years old as a society, and they still treated AIs as tools. The Forerunners aren't the best example, considering they subjugated other lifeforms.
&gt; By definition, you can't subjugate something that you create. Yes you can. "Subjugate" is a verb that simply means to take control of or impose one's will over another being or group. Or would you argue that the Precursors can't subjugate Humanity or the Forerunners, despite having created both? &gt; Killing involves the death of a biological organism, AI don't fall under that umbrella. A being does not have to be biological to be considered alive. When an AI dies, it's unique mind, capable of independent thought and informed decision making, is lost. If that is not death, I don't know what is. &gt; The fact that at the height of their civilization, they had significantly more advanced AI that were not considered living inhabitants of the galaxy is simply proof that their AI were significantly more advanced and that they had simply moved beyond the point where AI could stir such issues up. That simply proves that the Forerunners only saw their AI as tools, nothing more.
&gt; Exactly, you can't "take" control of something that is created to be subservient in the first place Yes you can, and as I noted, the definition can also mean to "impose one's will". &gt; If the precursors created us for a specfic purpose I would agree with that. They created us in the hope that we'd be worth of taking up the Mantle. &gt; Death is the cessation of biological processes. Because the only life we know of right now is biological life. In the Halo Universe, we have artificial beings that are capable of independent thought. To me, that is a form of life. &gt; You're arguing metaphysics now, and that has no place in this argument. No I'm not. I am talking about what equates to brain death in a Human.
There are two schools of thought. The more popular one is that Mendicant Bias, a Forerunner AI that had once betrayed its creators and sided with the Flood, wanted to show his creators that it had changed, and sent the Master Chief to Requiem as proof of its change. The other, the one I subscribe to, is that, when the Halo fired and damaged the Ark, the slipspace portal became unstable, thus ripping the ship in half and sending the two halves on different courses.
There was no time or opportunity. The *Autumn* had a limited window to get off Reach. While the CSS-class Battlecruiser was the immediate threat, there was a fleet of over 300 ships in the system, and the Autumn had to leave. That's not mentioning the potential for other Covenant ships or craft to show up and shoot down the Pelican or the *Autumn*.
They are both canon, though Reach is "higher" canon, in that wherever it contradicts *Halo: The Fall of Reach*, the events in Halo Reach are considered the truth. I made a post on Waypoint years back on the matter: https://www.halowaypoint.com/en-us/forums/db05ce78845f4120b062c50816008e5d/topics/the-battle-of-reach-timeline/6e6f2d43-d279-47de-be17-352a26cb25a5/posts And a video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GV_89X3xdQc Sorry for the self-plugging.
&gt; This different definition you just brought up also implies that simply the creation of AI is subjugation, because we program directives into their core code. Yes, the act of creation itself is basically subjugation. &gt; So basically, by your logic, it's actually wrong to create them in the first place. Maybe it is. This was my original point: there's a debate to be had. &gt; No, you're talking about consciousness ending and that is entirely metaphysical. I'm talking about the AI equivalent of brain death.
&gt; That's why in the Fall of Reach animated series they left out the actual battle of Reach stuff They left it out because the goal of the series was to give backstory on Blue Team. Going any further into the book would only confuse casual fans, for which the series was largely made. &gt; as the books version has basically been written out of the lore in favour of Halo Reach's version. It has not. Both are considered canon, though the game is considered a "higher" canon. While the sources are scattered about, there are several that prove this. The biggest is Halsey's Journal, a bonus included with the Limited and Legendary editions of Halo Reach, which goes to great lengths to demonstrate that both the book and the game are canon.
This is a tough one, as while we've seen a lot of armor description showing how certain one have advantages in certain situations, we rarely learn how they might have shortcomings in others. For example, look at EVA. It's meant for use in zero-G and vacuum environments. However, what is the real advantage over using, say, the standard Mk. IV, V, or VI helmet? Another example would be the [GEN2] Decimator armor, which can manipulate the shape of its energy shields. Why ever switch to anything else with that sort of ability? I guess there's not really any 1 suit that's totally superior, but it's hard to say with the number of suits we now have and the fact that we rarely hear of what sort of drawbacks there may be. Plus, each mission is going to be different, so Spartans may need to change armor based on mission needs.
The slipspace "distortions" in *Halo: First Strike* were caused by the Forerunner slipspace crystal. As far as we know, nothing like that was present to cause issues during the Chief and Arbiter's intended trip back to Earth.
&gt; That circles back to my original point: there's not a debate. There only is if you don't want to believe in facts. I've yet to see any fact that refutes the potential for debate. You and I have been debating the facts this whole time, have we not? &gt; In the literal sense, you're talking about the consciousness ending, which is in the realm of the metaphysical. No, I'm not. I'm talking about the brain dying, which, yes, is the death of the entire body. That doesn't automatically mean I'm talking about consciousness. Discussion of brain death and consciousness are not the same thing, though the two subjects *can* be discussed in conjunction.
Possibly. It's not all that clear if the Halo effect affects slipspace.
I came real close some years back, funny enough. Unfortunately, knowledge alone isn't enough.
Conrad's Point is a UNSC colony. HTT is short for Hunt the Truth, a Halo 5 marketing campaign presented as an in-universe audio series.
The book stated that they weren't sure. They were confident that the pulse would hit everything, even star roads in slipspace, but weren't 100% sure. Even then, that doesn't mean the pulse has absolutely no affect on objects in slipspace.
It's never been definitively stated, no.
No, it's real, it's just never been stated which ring the map is set on.
There is a Forerunner whose audio logs are found in Halo 5. He had uploaded his consciousness into the Domain in order to find a world or installation called "Bastion".
When they fired the ring, they were using a "tactical pulse", which means only firing that individual ring.
The only one that never say well with me was H2A's model. Why did they suddenly give her a body suit?
Yes. Yes it is :)
No problem. And even after this (which I based on the work of other lore fans), it's not a perfect timeline. Bungie definitely took liberties with Reach, and 343 and Eric Nylund tried to stitch things together as best they could.
It's hard to say, as we don't know what the maximum "communication range" is, if there is one.
These pictures looks like they're from a multiplayer mode, so the Elites may only be present there.
It is Spirit of Fire. We see Jerome, Douglas, and Alice, all last seen on the Spirit of Fire, in the Halo Wars announcement trailer.
Yeah, last year at ~~E3~~ Gamescom https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NMiiffLQcvE
I'm fairly sure that's an Elite honor guard. I'm very confident that most, if not all these images are from the multiplayer, so we can probably expect more factions and character types than the campaign may give us.
Cover art image.
Yeah, that was in Halo Escalation. The Halo Wars announcement trailer shows the 3 aforementioned Spartans, who were last seen on Spirit of Fire, so the ship is involved in some manner.
Right it was. My bad
The Spirit of Fire only had 3 Spartans on board during the events of Halo Wars, and at the end, was considered MIA by the UNSC at large. So, seeing more Spartans is a little confusing.
&gt; Is it possible that the random slipspace jump the Infinity made at the end of Halo 5 brought them to Installation 00? No. That's a huge distance to cover. However, they could have gone there at a later time. But even then, the UNSC had set up an outpost on the Ark in 2555, so the *Infinity* isn't necessary to explained additional UNSC forcesm, even Spartan-IVs.
The three Spartans of Red Team from Halo Wars 1 are seen in the Halo Wars 2 announcement trailer, confirming the Spirit is involved in Halo Wars 2.
&gt; Unless of course, this is just a multiplayer only feature. Brutes and Elites working together seems to be multiplayer only. Campaign images thus far have only shown Brutes and Grunts working together. However, it is possible that some faction of Elites has come to work for or with these Brutes. In Halo: Spartan Assault and Halo: Spartan Strike, we see Brutes working with Sangheili factions, so the opposite is always possible. &gt; Or if this game is set before the Great Schism occurred. All evidence points to post-Halo 5.
&gt; And it's interesting to hear that they're not putting Prometheans in the game, but may consider it for post-launch DLC. That was specifically referring to the multiplayer. Prometheans could potentially still appear in the campaign, though I'm not holding my breath.
True. So, if not in the main campaign, perhaps in story DLC.
There were Armigers, of which Promethean Soldier are a type. So no, no Prometheans per se, but something fairly close.
The Chief is 47 as of Halo 5. Spartans likely have a life-expectancy similar to that of a normal Human, maybe longer, but its impossible to say. Sgt. Johnson, a Spartan-1, retained his youth for quote some time (he was at least 75 when he died), but that was likely a combination of his augmentations and extended time in cryo.
A very interesting comic that I never personally found until after Halo 3 came out. The idea of this ancient Human watching the construction of the Portal is really interesting, and I'd personally love to see N'chala referenced in future media (indirectly, if not directly).
I'd rather not see any more adaptations, not unless there's something they can add to the story in some way. I hated when Fall of Reach was adapted as a comic, I hated when it was partially adapted as a motion comic. Enough adaptations, please.
True. In fact, a recent discussion with some fellow lore fans has opened me up to the possibility that Naomi-010 may be one of those Reach survivors.
If we keep getting these anthology productions, there's a pretty good chance, I'd say. Hell, it's a long shot, but maybe one of the anthologies later this year will cover that.
The question was about active military service. Those discharged are still seen as Spartans by their fellow Spartan-IIs, and even a desk-job is still active service.
It was. It started before the array was fired, and would be completed sometime after.
That is very likely Anders. Sorry :\
The only reason I'm willing to give ME: Andromeda a chance is because Chris Schlerf, who wrote Halo 4's story, wrote for the game for a while. That said, I'm still going to wait until after release. Not gonna pre-order, not gonna buy until I'm satisfied that it will be worthwhile.
Well, here's hoping for some, any, N'chala action!
Most likely, maybe a couple generations after the reseeding.
She was comparing them to the Jackal Shields, though, so the comparison might not hold up to Elite Shields.
&gt; Good point, but i don't think she ever really specified which shields. Mjolnir shields were specifically reverse engineered from Jackal Shields, so the comparison is most likely to those systems and those systems alone.
Oh, you can. There are genital shaving tutorials on there (for women, at least).
A wonderful write-up, I must say! You've captured a lot of the elements that excited me and those that don't about Halo Wars 2. And seriously, Mendicant Bias better fucking show up. There was something of an excuse in *Hunters in the Dark*, but this time, there really is none. Whatever the Banished are doing on the Ark, it certainly can't take priority over Mendicant Bias (assuming they aren't there for him, specifically). And with the Created shit going on, unless, as you noted in your Halo 5 breakdowns, 343 plan to nerf the shit out of Forerunner artifacts, I can't imagine a better way of dealing with them than bringing Mendicant Bias into the mix. And I love your new name for Cutter. I think I'm going to start using that XD
How so?
&gt; it was hacked by Halsey. I will never be over that. No should you. That was bullshit writing at its worst.
Grunts are already mostly naked, so...yeah...
Where else could creators go? What other platform allows the general freedom and versatility of YouTube, and in the case of many YouTubers, allows monitization on the same level?
In an ideal world, maybe. YouTube is practically a monopoly now, and creating an alternative isn't really that viable. We all saw what happened with Blip.TV, and even with alternatives like Polaris or Vessel, most content creators, if they want to be seen or make money, have to post to YouTube at some point. I run a channel with a modest 60k following, a following I could likely never achieve on any other platform with the somewhat niche subject I cover. I used to stream on Twitch, but building up an audience there is just too difficult, and so I've since switched to YouTube. YT really is the only viable option for most people, sadly :\
It was a matter of priority in *Hunters in the Dark*. The UNSC and Sangheili had to focus on shutting down the Halo Array and stop Tragic Solitude. Trying to find and contact MB would have been a distraction they couldn't afford.
They likely pulled the model same from H2A, updated it a bit, and slapped some new textures on it. Seems to have been done for the H2 BR and the Brute PR, as well. Good way to save time and money.
Chakas' mind was digitized by the Composer and transferred into a Monitor's body. Chakas would eventually become 343 Guilty Spark, but that story is covered in the next book. After being blasted by a Splaser in H3, Chakas' memories surfaced, and he remember who he once was. He then hijacked a Human ship, the UNSC *Rubicon*, and is out looking for the Librarian. The important stuff to remember for the next book is that Installation 07 was recovered and placed in it's final firing location, Bornstellar is now considered the Didact (he's basically a clone, now) Chakas is a Monitor, and the Flood can now control Precursor star-roads. Honestly, Silentium is pretty self-contained, it's hard to get lost in there.
Being constructive is astonishing simple. For every thread I've seen people bitch about, saying "343 can't take criticism" and the like, I've seen plenty more that get the point across, criticize 343's work in some way, and are constructive in some way. Basically, if you can avoid saying, "343 SUUUUCKKSSS!!1!" and "Halo is dead!", you're good. If you don't like it, there are plenty of other outlets for the kind of posts you seem to want, such as jokes about Power Rangers looking like 343-era Spartans. Waypoint was set up as a place for fans to discuss Halo in a constructive manner, it's always been like that.
It's the 4th iteration on the second design for the HRUNTING/YGGDRASIL armor defense system, which eventually evolved into the Mk. IX Mantis.
Yes.
I'm genuinely curious, what is it that fans didn't seem to like about Nemesis? I've always enjoyed it.
I'd love some examples, if it's not too inconvenient. Who is out of character and how (or a link to an article with details). I personally found Data's death very emotional.
Well, you've given me some stuff to consider. Thanks for indulging me!
Unless you're Maria-062, it seems. She retired to start a family, but was still able operation the Mk. VI Mjolnir platform. I often wonder if she was *allowed* to retire as part of an ONI experiment to see how Spartans might reintegrate, live as civilians, what-have-you.
I've been thinking she was allowed to retire, in a manner of speaking. ONI wanting to perhaps see how a Spartan would integrate with society.
&gt; it just seemed like an arbitrary rating made up to market Noble 6. It was, pure and simple. The Chief is good, but there are more deadly Spartans than him, or at least as deadly.
I wouldn't hold your breathe, but who knows?
&gt; all other TNG films played a part in taking a decent ensemble cast and trying to ignore as many of them as possible while favouring Picard and Data. I can't say I hate any of the TNG films (though Insurrection comes damn close), but damn, that never really occurred to me.
Loved this book back in the day, still love it. Tobias Buckell did a great job with fleshing out the Arbiter and Sangheili culture, and showing the seeds that would eventually grow into the Great Schism.
1. And? Plenty of people started with Halo Reach or 4, too. 2. There were a number of factors that contributed to that. By and large, Halo 3 was the right game at the right time, and little more. 3. Why do we need to "complete" it at all? 4. This could be done by porting the classic Halo 3, or, in my opinion a better option, porting MCC. 5. No comment. 6. Hardly a good reason to remake Halo 3.
