Lol moron, I bet you didn't follow Madrid in all those years in order to make such a dumb claim. They were good signings.
2011-13 for two years he was very good and on track to reach world class status. Real Madrid was heavily rumored to have achieved a deal in summer of '13 to sign him in summer of '14 but they opted out of it later. As soon as the '13-'14 season started, the back injury happened which was very weird and didn't allow him to play at all for 1year+. He returned this season mid October and he had a relatively full season. He didn't perform that well, though it's hard to say if that was on him or the team underperforming in general. In my eyes it's a low risk high reward signing. Won't cost much, it might work wonders or be totally pointless like Hleb.
Your quote: &gt; Wasted so much money on shit transfers. The players that were brought shown in the image were good signings. David Beckham for 35 mil ? Are you serious ? He was at least a very good player if not world class and he's been the most marketable player in football history. Enormous return of investment potential. The transfer policy overall was definitely shit since we were buying players we didn't need, selling others that were vital, having shit coaches etc. Perez' first term rapidly became a total shitshow but the signings shown in the picture were good. Figo, Makelele, Beckham, Samuel, Ramos, Robinho, Ronaldo, Benzema, Alonso, Di Maria, Ozil, Isco, Carvajal all great players.
Τhe transfer policy was definitely shit in Perez' first term but I think it's been very good in his second term. I agree with the rest, despite signing good players from the summer of 2003 and onwards with the departure of Del Bosque, Makelele and Hierro things went downhill very fast. My initial argument was about the signings themselves, they were good. Everything around them was bad though so the club suffered. I just wanted to make that distinction clear cause it's important and it's hard for newer fans to notice it.
Don't worry about it, I was also extra aggressive for no good reason. I think Bale's history in England and his first season with Madrid justified Perez/Ancelotti starting him so much. He's a very high quality player that for unknown reasons couldn't perform to his standards this season. Isco this season was 6th in minutes played and 3rd in appearances. Last season he also had similar numbers meaning that in two years in Madrid he's been a core player rarely ever sitting out. All that as he just got 23 years old so don't hear what others like to say, Isco has not been hurt at all, on the contrary he's played extraordinarily a lot cause of circumstances. Jese sure got shafted this season but I don't think it was the wrong move. He didn't convince at all in his few appearances and sure, Bale was doing bad too but at least Bale is Bale, when he's having a bad game there's a chance he'll make something magical like last year's finals.
So when people accuse repeatedly Iker for being a rat with zero proof no one should do something about it ? How is that fair ? I agree that what happens behind locked doors shouldn't be leaked but if it does and it's lies then someone has to set the record straight or at least try.
Αre those tattoos on Messi permanent ones ?
Not only reach agreement, they can't even negotiate contracts with them.
It's meh. Anyone with decent football history knowledge though understands the difference between european cup and champions league. The difference is practically only in name as nothing else changed. The important list is european cup and champions league combined. Gento leads that one with 6 titles, an incredible record that only Messi has a somewhat decent chance to equalise or even break. If he doesn't make it, I think no one will. Behind him there's like 8 players from Real Madrid's legendary squad that won five in a row and Costacurta and Maldini that lived through a lot of Milan's golden periods. Then there are a few more RM players from the old days and the more recent magnificent Seedorf. After that, there are dozens with 3 and that's the jump that Xavi, Iniesta, Messi and Pique can make tomorrow.
Nope. From 1992 that was the last year as european cup to 1993 that was the first year as Champions League, literally nothing was different. The exact same format with only champions entering. The change you are referring to happened quite a bit later in 1998 where multiple teams per country started competing and overall the format became similar to what it's been for almost 20 years now. So to come back to my initial point, the name change from European Cup to Champions League was just that, a name change. Thus separating it as two different eras is wrong. Only reason it happens is because it suits the media's needs for pointless records etc.
Sure, there are many ways to do it, I prefer jdownloader2 it can grab the YT separate games or the YT full stream or the Twitch fullstream.
No point cutting his revenue from youtube. It literally takes 1min to turn a youtube video to mp3.
Yea, guess what though, Link always sucked dick in LoL as most of NA since they are by far the worst in producing homegrown talent. And that's been exactly the same with Stracraft2 and CSGO. Obviously those who fail will be bitter.
Wait a minute. Why is he the correct one and not a bunch of other pros who believe otherwise ? Let me guess, because he suits your beliefs. I'm not into Dota so I don't have a certain opinion but it's very likely Dota has more depth than LoL. That doesn't mean LoL has no depth. There's always going to be games with more depth, Brood War probably had more depth than Dota, so what ? LoL is a legit eSports. It's 2015, not 2011. No one can argue against that.
It's not a couple of months, it's literally half the season. Mid august to mid January.
And how many games of sevilla with vidal have you seen in total?
Don't worry about it, no one knows everything. In all European countries except Russia and a few other where winter is very severe, the season is from late August to late May and winter signings go through in January.
Why dodge the question ? Feel embarrassed to say the truth ?
I'm following [this guide](http://honkmahfah.blogspot.gr/2012/04/dark-tower-suggested-reading-order-for.html) to navigate through Stephen King's Dark Tower world. The one I finished this week is Hearts in Atlantis read by Stephen King and William Hurt. Despite not being fantasy and myself having no relation with living in US in the '60s, I liked the book, especially the first part of it which has also been made into a decent film. Next on my list is The Stand, pretty famous and big in size. I compared between two narrators, first one was Bruce Huntey and the second one was Grover Gardner, I'll probably go on with the latter.
He can play both LW and RW. Barcelona has no one for those spots except an mediocre Pedro. If there's injuries or rotation, Vidal might get some time as a winger. I agree though that he was probably bought for the RB position.
Still dodging. It's a simple question.
Both of the two groups of thought you are describing are wrong imo. There's just not enough data to be confident on whether he'll work out or not. It's a high risk signing, specially if Dani Alves leaves.
Lol what do I have to do with it ? I clearly said from the start "I'm not into Dota". You claimed "Link has formerly played Dota at a moderately competitive level" which is a ridiculous statement for which you provided zero proof to back it up hence it's pure bullshit. Of course pros play for the money, that's the very definition of the word "pro", doing something in order to get paid. If you are investing so much time into doing something without getting paid you are defined as an amateur. LoL had good prize pool tournaments for two years before Dota2 came up. As for the last part, you must be absolutely clueless to make that claim. Plenty of dota1 known players tried to make it in LoL, prime example is Hyhy who was very famous and even was a big part of Valve's documentary free to play.
They are a newspaper based on Barcelona so yes, they definitely focus a lot on FCB.
Don't know if this is a new rule but I like it.
So you think it's commendable for a player to decide to waste 1 year of his career doing nothing instead of joining other top clubs like Arsenal last summer ? When Ancelotti came he continued starting Khedira just like Mourinho did. Then Khedira got injured and Ancelotti found other solutions in the midfield that showed having Khedira as a starter is not optimal. He also never played well after his injury despite Ancelotti giving him some opportunities.
Real Madrid wanted to sell him last summer, they had accepted an offer from Arsenal but Khedira was asking for crazy money so it never happened. Similar to Illaramendi in January though Real Madrid at least with Ancelotti as the coach didn't want to force the issue and threaten the players with leaving them to train alone etc. Maybe Khedira thought he'd earn his spot in the RM squad but I seriously doubt that. He knew the chances of that were very low and chose to sit on his contract for 1 more season. Beyond that yea it would be very easy for him to find a top club since he'd be free.
I'm probably playing on an old patch. I got 3 blacksmithing and 5 crafting but I can't do anything to the legendary in the picture. NOTHING happens when I put it on the whetstone or when I add tormented souls/essences/poison on it. I can do all of that on normal weapons but not on that one. Why ? :s
Yea but they sometimes get leaked or there are rumors. I was just expecting something different based on the title.
I think Bartra is very good but it's pointless to stay in a team that rates you as 4th or 5th in line and there are rarely ever any injuries. If Vermaelen stays healthy, Bartra will get even less minutes next season.
I know R.Madrid has done it dozens of times but in which occasions did Barcelona do it ?
From the player's point of view, Bayern could be a great move. He could become an important player for them or even a starter.
I watched The Twelve Kingdoms like a year ago, I enjoyed it a lot. I agree on your warning, it's more about the journey than the destination with that one.
Hm freshon ?
It's a lot easier to act nice when you are winning.
What does he mean "Two bookings = 1 game" ?
Are you allergic with facts ?
Failing is part of competing, even the best go through it.
Oh okay, thanks. Dumb rule if you ask me, should be 3 yellows in any game.
Because the midfield was by far the weakest line this season.
Okay thanks. Think I'll play that with the Ehnanced edition.
Hell yeah! About time the people decided about their future directly. Looking forward to voting no.
Ι've never been hungry in my life and I doubt I will in the future.
Well, Rakitic is 5 years older than Pogba, he played for an inferior team and I also think he was on his last year of contract.
It's interesting that it's a loan but without the details it's hard to judge the deal.
Okay but you are not providing anything to base your claim they are wrong.
Inter will use him without fear then, specially if it's locked for 2 years.
We won the Champions League in 2002 so we've won two CL titles since 2002. Your initial post was one of the stupidest I've ever read in my life and I've read a lot of shit over the years. I could analyse it point by point but it's not worth it. Just this part in the end "lucky like Ancelotti" sums it up nicely.
Still doesn't make sense. What does luck have to do with the fact we've changed so many managers ? We were consistently getting better each season in Perez' 2nd term except Mourinho's 3rd season. We got close to it when we lost to Bayern in the penalties, we kept being one of the top teams and under Ancelotti we managed to be the best team in the world and rightfully won the Champions League. Luck had nothing to do with it. I'm not mad at all. I have the same state of mind regardless of what I'm reading. It can be something clever or something retarded like your post, it doesn't affect me. As for stating facts, first of all you failed by saying 1 CL since 2002. Secondly, your manipulation of facts by picking dates that help your argument is laughable and suitable for children. What does "past few years" even mean ? For some it means last 3 years, for others it means last 15 years. No matter how you pick your dates, our achievements have not been "sad" compared to Bayern or any other team in the world for that matter except Barcelona who have had a legendary squad in the last 10 years. Main reason for that was the core group of academy players Messi-Busquets-Iniesta-Xavi-Puyol. They themselves have failed to produce anyone even remotely close to that level of an academy player since Busquets like 7 years ago so it's obviously not a recipe that can be replicated. If that was the case Barcelona or one of the other tens of teams trying to reach the top would have done something similar too. The reasons you presented (sporting director, coach changes, veteran players having power, good transfers) don't make sense. Barcelona's sporting directors were failures, their transfers were for the most part atrocious, they've changed a similar number of coaches and their veteran players have a ton of power too.
It's blunt but controversial means there are enough people arguing the other side and I don't think that applies here.
I don't see how the crowd supported Polanski. Not laughing at the joke is a neutral reaction, not supportive. No one can doubt he's a legendary filmmaker. I've seen only a fraction of his work (chinatown, repulsion, pianist) and I liked them a lot.
In the middle of the season there's not much the coach can change. It's more of a mentality switch, starting line ups/subs and other small fixes. If Zidane stays in place for next season, we'll get to understand more of his plan by judging the summer roster changes.
I dream of a wheel of time spinoff novel about Luthair Paendrag crossing the ocean and conquering the Seanchan. So many WoT books yet so little of its world and history is covered.
Τhe source is legit but I find it hard to imagine Barcelona going from having only MSN to having MSN+Turan+Vidal+Nolito+Sane in a span of half a season. It would mean a super bench but it's just not how Barcelona operates.
Things indeed can change and sometimes you never see it coming. Just by how things have been done in the last years in Barcelona, having a costly high level bench is not a trait of this club.
I agree on that one and what you are describing wasn't prevalent just when the team took the lead. Overall the team very rarely gave the impression of dominating the field, possession was low, a bunch of high risk deep balls etc. When I watched the team play, it usually felt like they were equal with the opponent team, only difference was higher individual quality eg. our forwards converting better, our GK performing brilliantly etc. Under Ancelotti that almost never happened, especially when all the first team players were available.
**My OGN wishlist:** * Higher quality. Resolution =/= quality. Higher bitrate and better use of it = quality. * Proper VODs, similar to how r/LoLeventVoDs provides them. Emphasis on spoiler-free, all VODS should be 70min+long so duration doesn't spoil games. * A way for fans to show their appreciation. Donation or subscriptions/members with extra benefits. * Associate as little as possible with Riot as long as they don't change their tactics. Competition first, marketing second. Not the other way around. * Keep the korean scene strong so as to keep stomping the west.
Pogba stories sell a lot so with Zidane as a coach there will be even more stories about him. Zidane for various reasons is a fan of Pogba, Laporte and Hazard. That doesn't mean he'll try sign them, it's just a possibility. I'm pretty sure Zidane himself doesn't know right now what he'll do in the summer if he continues as coach. I don't think we overpaid for Bale. Right wingers are extremely rare and it was by far the best option for us that summer. It's mostly fans who were disappointed as they falsely believed Bale would be close to Ronaldo's level or he'd reach that in a couple of years. That was wrong, Bale was way below Ronaldo's level and needed 3+ years of constant improvement to maybe reach Ronaldo. Pogba's position makes it almost impossible to have such a high impact on the game as forwards do like Bale. Even Xavi, the best midfielder in the last 15 years, was way below Messi on impact in the game. Pogba could be a useful signing but if such a sum is paid it's mostly cause of the age and how many years he has ahead of him, not his current skill. Personally I'm not a fan of the idea, I'd prefer Verratti instead if it's possible to happen for like 75mil. Overall I'm not too worried on the subject, this is all transfer talk and I don't think there will be any serious developments up till at least April-May. This year specifically with the Euro happening in June, it's very likely all the big european players transfers will be pushed back till July. For example why would Juventus strike a deal before the Euro since France and Pogba could do well and hence cost more.
Ramos and Varane are great but they've shown that lately they are not extremely reliable since they miss games here and there. A top level team needs 3 strong CBs and Pepe is good but declining. We are also lacking a LB backup option. Laporte can fill both of those holes (3rd CB and back up LB). He's extremely young at 21yo, has 3-4 seasons of first team experience with A.Bilbao in both La Liga and europe, he's expected to pair up with Varane as the french NT CB duo. Problems are he's expensive, Bilbao rarely negotiates and might initially have limited playing time. There's also the Vallejo signing we made in the summer, maybe he'll be the one joining and we won't spend for a CB. It's obvious to me that if a high profile signing is made in the midfield, someone will have to leave (Kroos-Isco-Modric). Porgba specifically indeed costs too much, we'll see how things go in the rest of the season.
Pogba hasn't been sold yet so there is no Pogba money. I don't think if Verratti leaves it will be for more than 90mil.
&gt; I'm certain that Marcelo could play in the midfield or as a winger. I'm not but maybe he could. The facts though are that Alabas has done it and Marcelo hasn't so he's less versatile. Defensively, he's average. A lot of the time he's passive, the opposite player will get the ball behind him or will get the header and Marcelo will be around but doing nothing. It's true that he has a lot of weight on him, specially when there is no Isco playing on the left as with Benitez when James was played that sode defensively was a disaster. &gt; Neuer... It's true that he's not tested a lot but that can't count against him. I remember when he was playing with Schalke and he was getting tested more than any GK I've ever seen and he was magnificent. Also his blunders rarely ever result in conceded goals and that's important.
Beside the players, it could also be the fault of the management for hiring bad coaches.
Disagree, don't think it's definitely a penalty. More like a 50-50 situation with both calls being acceptable. You are correct in that Varane didn't touch the ball initially but the problem is Halilovic in his final step before the contact changes his course significantly. He leaves the straight line he is following towards the ball and steps on his left towards Varane. That going off your course to protect the ball is a grey area in the rules, it's not clear hence the ambiguity of that play. In my opinion, the ideal solution for that kind of soft fouls inside the area are indirect free kicks. I remember those being the norm in the middle 90s when I first started watching football, only goal denying fouls inside the area were considered penalties, the softer fouls were indirect free kicks.
For NBA or other sports fans it makes sense but it's not a tradition in football, specially in Spain it's never done because of the regulations. The highest honor is having the stadium named after you although that is getting extremely rare in the last 10+years with the sponsorships getting the naming rights. Maybe Barcelona names their 2nd squad stadium after him, similar to how Real Madrid have done in honor of Di Stefano.
From like ~5 games I've seen of Pedro and Nolito this season, the difference in performance is astonishing.
Fascinating stuff. Media are claiming that Madrid opted for the installments payment method but as far as I know there is no proof for that.
The best quality internals all day every day.
Οkay. His finishing has stopped being good for quite some time now so even if he was set up to score more I don't think he'd have done very well.
Cool stuff but not as exciting as Bale's since it was already known that Ozil cost roughly 50mil.
How is Bale's €92.4m adjusted to inflation ? [His leaked transfer contract literally said:](http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/news/gareth-bale-more-expensive-cristiano-7217203) &gt; *"The first installment of €24,935,895 was paid within 10 working days of the agreed sale. The next (also €24,935,895) was due by July 24 2014. The third (again €24,935,895 ) was due a year after that and the final installment of £21,282,787 is set to be paid on July 24 2016."* That's 3x24,93=74,8 and 21,28gbp are currently 28€ so 74.8+28=102.8 How is that figure transformed to 92.4 ?
Didn't claim my calculations were adjusting to inflation, I just added the four installments of the leaked contract and asked how the 92.4 figure is calculated. I can understand Ronaldo's and Zidane's adjustments to inflation. They cost X money, Y years ago so in current money it's X+Z%. In Bale's case though the claim i don't understand is how his proven 100+mil cost gets **reduced significantly** in just 2 years. (103mil-&gt;92mil).
Τhe spanish media go with whatever Real Madrid tells them. The english media go with whatever Totenham tells them. That's what almost always happens. In the Suarez transfer for example, Barcelona and spanish media were claiming 81mil while english media were claiming I think 90 almost certainly because of info from Liverpool. It was huge as far as transfer contracts go. What other similar transfer leak would be more interesting ? Cant find any. Neymar's transfer contract has probably already been made public since it's a subject of a trial for quite some time now. I think it was the original 57mil or something. The problem with Neymar's transfer were unofficial payments to third parties, hence the issue with tax evasion etc. &gt;Actually no, the price reported is normally the players price and not the price after tax or interest added. No, you are wrong. You are mingling together different things (tax, a specific release clause tax and installments). Firstly, your use of the word "tax" makes it sound like it's a regular tax and it happens in every transfer. That's not the case. The tax you described in Illara, Martinez, and Herrera is very specific as it only affects breaking release clauses of players in spanish teams. Thus to make it easier to understand, I'll refer to that tax with a capital T (Tax). Those release clauses are broken extremely rarely and that Tax is a big reason for it as the buying team practically has to pay extra money that benefit neither team really. So for example Illaramendi, his release clause is 32mil. Real Madrid makes a 32 mil offer to Sociedad. If Sociedad accepts, R.Madrid pays only 32mil including regular tax. If Sociedad is adamant not to sell and refuses, R.Madrid can go to the federation (or something like that), pay 32mil cash plus the extra Tax (like 8mil) to break the release clause and circumvent R.Sociedad and sign the player. That's what also happened with Martinez and Herrera. A.Bilbao is notorious for not negotiating with buying clubs and forcing them to break release clauses which is inconvient and costly as it required the money to be paid instantly and not in installments plus the extra Tax. As far as reports go, you are correct that in the extremely low number of this kind of cases, the extra Tax is usually not added it in the reported cost. There have been a number of times though that I've seen the extra tax added in. All that though is irrelevant with the Bale case and 99.99% of the transfers overall as in all of those transfers the regular tax is included in the reported transfer prices. In Bale's leaked contract for example it said that the price is 87mil plus 5% tax=91mil. Secondly, installments and extra clauses. The transfer prices are rarely disclosured officially and the paying method is practically never disclusured. In general though, if the media have the appropriate info, they will report the actual money paid. For example X player could have been bought 40mil but the club chose to pay three installments for a total sum of 45mil, chances are the media will report the 45mil. That's what practically happens all the time since most of the transfers are paid in installments and not all up front. As for clauses it depends as there are "easy" clauses like for example Ozils about Arsenal qualifying to the Champions League and there are "hard" clauses like winning the CL or being a top 3 ballon d'or nominee etc. The easy clauses are usually either reported in the sum altogether or reported as 45+5 and in the article it's said what the clauses are or how easy they are to be achieved. The harder clauses are more rarely disclosured initially and they usually become known after they've met, usually by the seller who leaks the info as a way to show they made a good deal in their sale. PS: Bale cost Madrid around €100mil and that's what counts.
This kind of info makes me believe Barcelona's board took very high risks. Imagine Neymar or Suarez flopping or the team in general for various reasons failing to achieve their targets, the income could be very low and that could mean an economic crysis and the club having to either not spend at all for a number of seasons or be forced to get huge loans.
Rotation isn't a switch to either do it or not. There's a whole spectrum in between. Rotating little and rotating a lot both have pros and cons. At this point of the season I'd prefer the Ancelotti way and getting as much time for the standard 11+1 starters. The season has been pretty light with a small number of games so far and we need the first eleven to mesh well together as there is little to no room for dropping points in the league and we are in the knockout stages of the Champions League.
Do you know of any coach in the history of football that wasn't heavily criticized for something ? You are going to get criticized no matter what, that doesn't mean you were wrong. What matters is the record and Ancelotti and Mourinho are two of the best coaches in recent history no matter the criteria you choose to use. &gt; Mourinho won the league by once again burning... &gt; Ancelotti? his domestic record speaks for itself I don't understand the purpose of those two points. Do you believe they are bad coaches ? &gt; Pep does rotate... I also don't understand this point. I didn't say Guardiola doesn't rotate, I said "Those are two of the three biggest names in coaching currently (third being Guardiola)". &gt; we're stuck with a declining man-child who's playing every single minute and the young players in the bench. He's still better than almost everyone and he plays every single minute not just because of his status but because he's incredible reliable, always being fit to play. There's also plenty of young players playing, not all of them sit in the bench. For example in our last game we had: Marcelo 27 Varane 22 Danilo 24 Kroos 26 Isco 23 James 24 Benzema 28 Carvajal 24 Jese 22. R.Madrid for years has had one of the youngest starting elevens while Barcelona has had one of the oldest. There's never been any correlation between age and success. &gt; moderate rotation is required. No it's not. Only basic light rotation is required so you don't completely exhaust your players but beyond that anything goes. There's multiple examples of success with light rotation.
In whose place ?
If that means winning another Champions League sign me up!
I wouldn't want it because it's like €-200mil for us and €+200mil for Barcelona. And that's without wages which for Neymar it would probably be something like 25mil per year, which translates to 50mil for R.Madrid cause of the 50% tax rate. So in just 1 season there would be a ~€500mil difference between Barcelona and R.Madrid. I don't see Neymar justifying that in the football field.
&gt; No, just that they're not perfect. Well how good do you think they are then since you completely disagree with something so crucial for a coach. How much to rotate is like the second biggest responsibility for a coach after making roster changes during transfer periods and even that is a lot of times not handled directly by the coach but from higher in the club's management. You can't consider them exceptionally good coaches as they are thought as by most now can you ? &gt; Lol? is this sarcasm? Cristiano has been piss poor. He plays every single minute because of his status. He's another player who's more focused on himself than the squad, has to resort to kick/punch players now. Sarcasm of what ? Who's better than Ronaldo in his LW position worldwide this season ? Neymar ? That's it, no one else. Ronaldo has been poor by the standards he's set for himself over the years. By everyone else's standards he's been pretty good. He doesn't play every minute only because of his status, he has exceptionally good fitness and never misses games due to injuries too, something extremely rare. It's not a problem focusing on yourself, you can't act for others in the team, the only one you can act for is yourself. Ronaldo has been lashing out throughout his career, it's not something new. Other legendary footballers like Maradona and Zidane have had that behavior too. It's not something you resort to when you can't perform at the level you want. It's just part of someones character. &gt; Barcelona plays their best players and they have a balanced squad. The same can't be said for us What does that even mean ? "Barcelona plays their best players" ? Is Vermaelen that started in their last two games the best CB of Barcelona ? Of course not. He's the 5th best, he the worst they have. He's jack shit and got subbed out as soon as possible cause he was failing miserably. He's offered Barcelona nothing two years now and he's proven to be an awful transfer so far. How is "Barcelona playing their best" and Real Madrid isn't ? Which are those better players in R.Madrid that get less playing time than worse players in their positions ? What does having a "balanced squad" mean ? Having Munir and Sandro as backup for MSN is having balance ? Having Mascherano as backup DM is being balanced ? Having Adriano and Mathieu as back up LB is being balanced ? Having literally no back up RB for D.Alves for half the season and forcing S.Roberto to play out of position is having balance ? Are you fucking joking ? And why doesn't R.Madrid have a balanced squad ? &gt; and there's a reason why we've struggled so much in this last decade. We can't even beat a recently promoted Betis. Barcelona failed to beat Getafe last season in a game. So what ? Did that stop them from winning the treble ? There's not just one reason we've struggled, there's plenty of reasons. You haven't mentioned a single one though. &gt; What is "basic light rotation"? I'm not saying we should rotate every player, just rotate enough to give other players a chance and not play players that are playing like shit. Ancelotti in his first season. Playing the same 12-13 players as much as you can. Not giving a shit about Jese and other players you don't value. That's basic light rotation. So many posts and I've still not understood which players you think they haven't gotten chances and which players get playing time while being shit.
&gt; We can afford to spend that much That's your opinion, not a fact. In reality facts are since after the summer of 2009 R.Madrid has done some very careful spending each year. [Stats since summer of 2010.](https://www.diigo.com/item/image/5jn0i/v5i9?size=o) &gt; Barcelona wouldn't be able to replace Neymar. Another opinion. I remember people saying they wouldn't be able to replace Xavi, they seem to be doing fine to me. Imo Messi and Busquets are more crucial to Barcelona than Neymar. &gt; Where did you get that number from? Simple. Initially both RM and FCB are at €0 and Neymar is still at Barcelona. Neymar transfers to RM for 200mil and signs a 25mil salary which to RM means 50mil. At that point RM is -200mil and Barcelona is +200. Economical gap between the two has gone from 0 to 400mil. After one year R.Madrid has paid 50mil to Neymar and Barcelona has saved the 50mil they would have paid to Neymar. So an additional -50 and +50 takes the 400 to 500 in one year. &gt; You're not taking into account that these payments are done in installments and he would be taking Cristiano's wages. Neymar is also the most marketable player in the world after Cristiano and Messi. Well for starters, if Barcelona doesn't accept our offer and we have to break Neymar's clause, we'll have to pay his release clause instantly and not in installments plus the fact that there would be an extra enormous tax payment. But let's forget that and for whatever reason we are able to pay it in installments. No matter how many years it takes to pay the money, in the end you've still paid the same amount of money and that's the best case scenario since usually installments means more money. You are right, I haven't touched Ronaldo's money. I only analysed Neymar's case. As you said, Neymar is behind Ronaldo in marketability. &gt; We are going to most likely get record breaking sponsorship deals once we renew, I think it would be foolish to not buy Neymar if we could. Since we are talking about hundreds of millions I think that kind of money is better used elsewhere. Renovating the Bernabeu, something we've tried and failed for like 15 years. Just selling part of the naming rights of the renovated stadium would mean like a hundred million out of thin air. That's good business, zero risk high reward. &gt; Look at United with all the money they have and how mediocre they are. Yea I've looked at them hard enough in the last years and they've embraced the idea of spending stupendous amounts of money in transfers and they've achieved jack shit with it.
It's not necessary to break the release clause. 40mil is a reasonable deal for both clubs and Laporte can try to force his way out if Bilbao plays hard to get. Keep in mind that Laporte isn't the traditional hardcore Bilbao player that has lived all his life there. He was born and raised in France and left for Bilbao when he was 16-17years old. I doubt whether he wants to stay there all his career. Reus being "too injury prone" is a lie. He's been playing in the Bundesliga since 2009/10 and he only missed many games in one season, the last one. The other 5 and a half seasons he had almost zero injury issues, the same is true for his earlier years in lower divisions. &gt;The Camp Nou renovation is estimated to cost around 423m pounds and I don't give a shit about their new stadium. There is no estimate for the Camp Nou renovation since no one knows what the final project will be. Having an extra €170-200mil can definitely help things though. &gt; We would have the second best player in the world I don't know why you keep repeating that like it's an undisputed truth. As far as I'm concerned Lewandowski has been the best player this season and even in the ballon d'or vote Neymar ended third.
I liked this post a lot more. I disagree with a lot of it but you made your points a lot more clear. I don't think there's anyone in the world that has proven to be better than Ronaldo as LW this season. I agree that Barcelona's starting eleven functions a lot better than us this season. I'd also like to see Kovacic and Casemiro play a bit more although I understand why Kroos and Isco are chosen almost always ahead of them. Kroos and Isco have proven in the past that they are good. Kovacic and Casemiro are still trying to prove it and R.Madrid can't afford to give many chances.
&gt; Laporte has a contract until 2019 and I'm willing to make a bet that Athletic Bilbao won't sell for less than his release clause. Well, maybe another rich club like United might go ahead and pay the release clause but I'm confident that Laporte will leave Bilbao (unless he gets seriously injured ofc) and if he joins Madrid it will be for less than the release clause. &gt; http://i.imgur.com/A1emBEM.png &gt; I would prefer Hazard if we were to get Reus to be honest. That's 2 missed games due to a toe injury (I hope you don't believe getting your toe hurt adds to being injury prone) and 5 missed games due to small muscle issues which is pretty standard for a 5 month period of playing games. As for Hazard, last season sure but this season Reus has increased his level and Hazard has dropped to utter shit. &gt; http://www.fcbarcelona.com/club/detail/article/season/2013-2014/el-projecte-del-nou-camp-nou-tindria-un-cost-de-600-milions-deuros &gt; http://www.fcbarcelona.com/club/detail/article/referendum-on-new-stadium-to-be-built-over-existing-structure-on-5-6-april &gt; More than what I initially said. I wouldn't care if they built their stadium, buying Neymar would be better. Yea, that was the plan 2 years ago. Since then a lot have changed, there is a different barcelona president and board members and there is no plan for renovating Camp Nou anymore or at least it's not known to the public. You might not care about Barcelona building a new stadium but Real Madrid cares for various reasons. &gt; Please tell me you're joking? even Bayern fans admit Suarez and Neymar are better and have been better than him. No I'm not. Where are these Bayern fans claiming that ? &gt; I have been watching the majority of Bayern games. Muller and Douglas Costa have been better in my opinion. I've watched a lot of Bayern games but not most of them. I think Lewandowski has been the best in the world so far. &gt; Are you seriously using the Ballon d'Or votes as your argument? Suarez and Neymar have both been comfortably better than Cristiano this season. Why not ? There's not many objective arguments about the subject are there ? Throughout 2015 Suarez and Neymar were in a team that overall performed a lot better than the one Ronaldo and Lewandowski and everyone else for that matter were.
Yea I know. It's a huge project that will almost certainly mean the club will get huge loans for it. So what I'm saying is simple, use that money or a part of it for the renovation so you loan less. A huge loan means less money for future transfer seasons. So if hundreds of millions are available like you are saying, I think it would be better to balance the money between buying players and renovating Bernabeu.
I know the reason put out publicly. The city council or whatever bureaucratic nonsense has backed off from the initial agreed plan and asks a new modified project from the club. How is that relevant to the discussion though ?
Meh i'm not convinced casemiro would work better than kroos but he could get a bit more playing time.
I don't understand why you ask me the first question. I already made it clear in my previous answer: "The city council...has backed off from the initial agreed plan" As for the second part yea i remember the basics of the story when it became public some weeks ago. Even if i didn't, i could instantly google it. But as i already said i don't see how any of this is relevant.
What exactly shows I'm clueless ? I never claimed the renovation is on hold because of money. Did you really think you'd trap me with those questions ? That's actually hilarious.
Money always matters and the last time there was serious work done for the stadium was 10-15 years ago. Once again you've failed to yield results in your campaign to show I'm clueless. I obviously pay attention to what I say and write. That's common sense. Never claimed we couldn't spend money and renovate, I said I'd prefer not to use 200+mil on Neymar for reasons I've already explained.
&gt; Would you like to ask other fans, Athletic Bilbao fans the like to see what they think? Not really, no. I'm not very interested in what other fans think. &gt; they have a transfer policy they stick by and they wouldn't sell him for less and to REAL MADRID? lol. Yeah, I understood your view on the matter from the first time you said it, don't know why you keep repeating it. It's still your opinion, not a fact. &gt; You said there was no estimate but that was a lie and they have basic "plans" of what its going to look like. Do you know how it works? they see the plans of a few architects and decide on one. They do have an estimate. There was a plan and an estimate, the plan changed and as of now there is no final plan and hence there can be no estimate. They didn't see the plans of a "few" architects. The last link you provided which was made public yesterday, after our debate initiated, states: *"A total of 45 teams took part in the first round of the tender"* and later *"Over the next few weeks, the jury is set to announce the winner of the project for the New Camp Nou. The eight candidates are..."* So they went from 45 to 8 and they'll need weeks to choose the final one. You realise this is a lengthy process and even when all is decided in Barcelona's side, third parties like the city council will probably have to agree with it, an obstacle that has been notoriously hard in the past. &gt; There were some small "renovations" done in 2011 and big changes during Perez first stint as President Do you consider what was done in 2011 as a renovation ? I certainly don't. I initially said "like 15 years (ago)" and the last serious work was done in 2001–2006 according to wikipedia. Is that your idea of someone "talking out of his ass" ? &gt; Would you like to ask Bayern fans then? or ask on /r/soccer and tag you? I have no preference on the subject. Do whatever you think best.
And take the place of who ?
From what I've read and the little I've seen, I'd like him to stay in the club. He didn't get much time this season but he's extremely young, it was his first season here and our midfielders somehow never got injured.
That's a good idea, small country flags could add a nice touch.
Oh okay. Yea a loan to Juventus could be great but I don't think it's feasible. Juventus doesn't stand to win much from it and especially after the Morata transfer, I don't think they will be negotiating with us for anything but 100% clean transfers, no loans or buy back clauses.
All the other rumors looked a lot more interesting to me.
Didn't know most are from the US. If that's the case, I agree it ain't worth the trouble.
I think that Kovacic despite his age, isn't a player that could be loaned. His stocks are too high for that. If for some reason it was the only option, I would go for Porto or Benfica. They are the best clubs at improving players and their style and mentality is similar to Spain.
I could see a midfield of Pogba-Kroos-Modric working out, especially in the easier games.
I think it has a good chance of working out, especially against easier sides.
2 Champions League wins in almost 40 years indicate otherwise.
This is outrageous. Barcelona should fight tooth and nail to not pay this.
Have not watched him. Rayo played rather offensively, they were 5th in goals scored and 19th in goals conceded. Didn't work out well for them. Personally, I'd loan him to another spanish team or have him replace Nacho.
Why would pepe leave? He was great this season, he's been in the club for many years and everyone likes him.
What is that ?
Nah, it's not certain, just a rumor.
You make a lengthy analysis but you fail to mention something key, the extent you followed the player's games. Obviously you've watched most of his international appearances but what about his club games ? Did you watch all of them, most of them, some of them etc. and which seasons. I've watched all of the big competition Germany games, like 15 games of Bayern per season and **all** of Real Madrid games. From the overall tone I felt that you were stretching the facts to suit your narrative but that became clear to me in the Real Madrid section. You either didn't watch Kroos regularly at Madrid or you are lying. The two last seasons are fresh in my memory and what you are saying is wrong. At the time Kroos joined Real Madrid (summer 2014) the exact plan was unknown but it certainly wasn't for him to be the starter defensive midfielder. It was either to play as central midfielder or to slowly phase out Alonso. In the two legged supercup Kroos played CM and Alonso DM. Real Madrid was underwhelming and Atletico beat them ([Games 1](http://www.transfermarkt.gr/spielbericht/index/spielbericht/2481145) and [2](http://www.transfermarkt.gr/spielbericht/index/spielbericht/2481146)). Alonso suddenly decided in the last days of the transfer season for unclear reasons to immediately get the hell out of Madrid and head to Bayern. Probably because he didn't like the idea of fighting for playing time and preferred the guaranteed spot at Bayern. Anyway, his departure was a serious blow in Real Madrid's plan but their policy is to not force this kind of situations and let players leave when they decide to. Because of time and other circumstances no one was signed to replace Alonso and Kroos would take his place as DM. There were still Illara and Khedira in the roster if nothing else worked out. Thus Real Madrid's starting midfield was James-Kroos-Modric and Isco was the 12th player rotating and filling any midfield or winger gap. Except for two early hiccups, Real Madrid dominated the first half of the season like they've never done before in recent years. Especially up till Modric' serious injury in mid November, they were performing in an extremely high level. Check [this timeline](http://i.imgur.com/ahgI0xj.jpg) i created to see scorelines and it wasn't just the goals, it was the way they played overall. In the clasico they destroyed Barcelona like they hadn't done since 2008. The dreaded Iniesta-Busquets-Xavi trio got wrecked and were subbed out. No one saw that coming. This was the period where Kroos individually and Real Madrid as a whole played their best, not under Zidane. Modric injury decreased the team's level but they were still doing fine with Isco in. Early January the team's performance dropped even more, lost to Valencia unexpectedly and there were upcoming tough games against Atletico. Ancelotti got scared and in a rare occurrence he changed his tactics, using Khedira while Kroos played as CM. [Real Madrid got wrecked 2-0.](http://www.transfermarkt.gr/spielbericht/index/spielbericht/2518524) In the return leg a week later, Ancelotti went back to the usual 4-3-3, [things went better](http://www.transfermarkt.gr/spielbericht/index/spielbericht/2518532) but because of Torres having a crazy game the comeback was impossible. Few weeks later, James also got seriously injured and now with Modric and James out, the midfield was extremely weakened with Illaramendi/L.Silva/Khedira filling in. It wasn't just that they were bad players, it also was the fact that Ancelotti had rarely used them before. The team failed in all of the important games in the league, fell behind and just when Modric recovered it was time for the 2nd clasico which was a must win for the league title race. James still gone so midfield of Isco-Kroos-Modric was deployed, Real Madrid played very well in the first half but an early goal in the 2nd half and the fact that Modric got tired (had not yet acquired good match fitness after his lengthy injury) meant a [2-1 loss.](http://www.transfermarkt.gr/spielbericht/index/spielbericht/2475457) Important to note that Barcelona by now were hitting their stride and later won the treble. So cup and league gone. Let's check out the other competitions. [Early August european super cup](http://www.transfermarkt.gr/spielbericht/index/spielbericht/2483945), classic 4-3-3 Kroos DM with James-Modric, easy 2-0 victory. [Club world cup semi final, Kroos DM easy 4-0](http://www.transfermarkt.gr/spielbericht/index/spielbericht/2517431), CWC Final Kroos DM same tactic, [easy 2-0 victory](http://www.transfermarkt.gr/spielbericht/index/spielbericht/2518507). Champions League knock outs next. Schalke 1st game, Kroos DM [easy 0-2](http://www.transfermarkt.gr/spielbericht/index/spielbericht/2517516). 2nd game home Khedira in changed tactics, [3-4 loss, Modric subbed in after months being out to revert to the usual tactics so we don't get embarassingly disqualified.](http://www.transfermarkt.gr/spielbericht/index/spielbericht/2517524) Atletico 1st game away, classic 4-3-3 with James recently having returned from his injury, [0-0 scoreline](http://www.transfermarkt.gr/atletico-madrid_real-madrid/index/spielbericht/2547350) with Madrid [outperforming Atletico (stats)](http://www.transfermarkt.gr/atletico-madrid_real-madrid/statistik/spielbericht/2547350). This is just a month after Atletico had mauled [Real Madrid 4-0](http://www.transfermarkt.gr/spielbericht/index/spielbericht/2475394) with Khedira in. Return leg home, Benzema and Bale are not available so James is moved forward, Ancelotti is desperate since he can't trust his bench midfielders (Illara, Khedira, L.Silva) so he employs Ramos as DM. Real Madrid [scrape by with a late goal](http://www.transfermarkt.gr/spielbericht/index/spielbericht/2547384) while still [outperforming Atletico (stats)](http://www.transfermarkt.gr/real-madrid_atletico-madrid/statistik/spielbericht/2547384). Juventus up next without Modric since he got seriously injured again. Ancelotti can't use his classic 4-3-3 as Benzema is also injured and James has to take his spot. Thus a midfield spot is again open, Ancelotti is desperate once more and plays Ramos there, doesn't work out and [Madrid lose 2-1](http://www.transfermarkt.gr/juventus-fc_real-madrid/index/spielbericht/2560715) in an [even game (stats)](http://www.transfermarkt.gr/juventus-fc_real-madrid/statistik/spielbericht/2560715). Return leg home, Benzema is back, Ancelotti can employ his favorite tactics, Real Madrid [outperforms Juve](http://www.transfermarkt.gr/real-madrid_juventus-fc/statistik/spielbericht/2560718) but they fail to beat em. Also of note is Juve was a great team and made it hard for Barcelona in the final too. Plus the fact that they are a team that puts heavy emphasis in the midfield, where Real Madrid had Modric missing. **TLDR**, in 2013-14 season Kroos as DM and Real Madrid overall performed well to brilliantly that season when not hit by key injuries. Can't be bothered to do the same analysis for this season but it's certainly not as you describe. Benitez tried to do what Ancelotti did and he failed. He tried Casemiro as DM too before he got fired. When Zidane came he also tried to do what Ancelotti did and he also failed. One of the reasons might be that James and Isco individually were sub par this season. Later he tried Casemiro as DM and moved on with that formation. Kroos' performances weren't drastically improved as CM. For the future, I'm quite confident Zidane will try again Kroos as DM, either with the current midfielders he has or by buying a new midfielder. I could certainly see a Pogba signing and Zidane relying on a Pogba-Kroos-Modric midfield. Finally, you didn't make a suggestion. What system and tactics would you like to see from Germany in the Euro ?
I don't believe in praying but I'm hoping to see Real Madrid performing at the level of the first months of the 14-15 season, whether that's with Kroos DM or another formation. Indeed the 4-4-2/4-3-3 mix in that clasico worked wonders for us since we completely manhandled their midfield trio, but I believe we'd have done well with our regular 4-3-3 too. It was a streak of easy games but let's be real, 90% of the games for Real Madrid are considered easy and dominating in that way is not as easy. It's actually quite rare it happens, hence the then record. It's quite obvious for anyone regularly watching Real Madrid that Kroos as DM makes the team worse at defending and better at attacking. It's a trade off. Finding the balance is the whole struggle. Zidane found it with Casemiro late in the season and it worked out for him. He relied a lot in the defense which was very good while the offense was mediocre at best. Don't tell me that Real Madrid's offence with Casemiro resembled anything like under Ancelotti at his best either with Di Maria left midfielder in the 2nd half of 13-14 or with James in the 1st half of 14-15. And let's be real here, the overall performance level of the top clubs this season was not very high. It wasn't like Heynches' treble Bayern, or R.Madrid in 13-14 or Barcelona 14-15. Plus the fact that R.Madrid had a ridiculously easy road to the final and even in the final Atletico wasn't a super great team and that was exposed by Zidane's tactic of sitting back and forcing Atletico out of their comfort zone. I think with a proper third midfielder that can both defend and attack (Pogba or Matuidi for example), Kroos as DM could work again, especially in the easier games. Alonso was very good but Barcelona's midfield always were better and that's a key reason why Barcelona was more successful than R.Madrid. Midfield has been a constant struggle for Real Madrid for years and that's why they've signed literally dozens of midfielders to make things work. As of now, the only one undisputed is Modric. Every other spot is up in the air.
Well, it depends on how you define it really. For me he's definitely not a great right winger which is supposed to be his best position. I watched him in literally all of his games with Real Madrid, he was mediocre at best as a winger and that's why Madrid signed Bale for RW for the 2013-14 season. He somehow managed to revived his career in the new role Ancelotti gave him and had a great 2nd half in the season playing a mix of left midfielder and winger. He then left/was sold to United where I watched him in like 15 games, he didn't perform. At PSG I only watched him in the two games against R.Madrid and the games against City, nothing memorable. I understand he had a good season beyond that but it's less competitive in france. So I think he's a good player, can carry his team at times but great no, I disagree. It's not like there are many good right wingers anyway so it's as good as you are gonna get beyond Messi and Bale. Cavani was great for three years in Napoli but he's been at PSG for 3 years now and he's not been great there. Whether he'll be able to shine without Zlatan etc. it's hypothetical and since I don't regularly watch PSG I don't have a strong opinion.
The fact that there are barely any great right wingers adds extra value on him but I still think that just from his performances alone, he's not great.
Yeah but that's a huge if. For more of my thoughts on Di Maria and Cavani, check [this answer.](https://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/4mmv2j/le_parisien_psg_have_offered_to_trigger_kantes_25/d3x9t35)
What makes you think Barcelona would have hired Mourinho instead of Guardiola ?
Indeed they are but no one forces you to get married.
10mil ? Isn't that **a lot** ? Won't that rank him like 4th-5th, same with Iniesta and higher than Busquets ? Μasherano is great but that looks a bit too much for someone 32yo that might not even be a starter soon.
No.
Statistically it's a relatively new measure and I don't know what exactly qualifies as a dribble beyond the basic going past an opponent in a fancy way like Messi usually does. In my mind a dribble is going past an opponent, either by something fancy or by the more basic way of just throwing the ball ahead and accelerating past him (Ronaldo type).
Just a tradition, don't think there's any significance.
Bad management, bad coaching, bad roster.
Dunno if there's a rule not allowing it but it wouldn't be effective. 11 players can't cover the whole space and there's always going to be a significant gap above their heads.
When hitting a penalty, no one is allowed to be inside that half circle till the ball is struck. If the half circle wasn't there, all of the players would try to stand directly behind the penalty as that would make it the most effective way to rebound the ball. By having a half circle, there is no definite best position to have for the rebound so it's more practical and fair.
Suicide attacks are not a significant threat.
Footballers are extremely fit. Practice is tough. In order to perform at an X level, you have to practice infinite hours at that level or close to it. Every day during practice they play against each other (like 25 roster split in two teams) which is close to real match conditions. They will tackle and risk a bit less to lessen the risk of knocks and injuries. Injuries in warmups are extremely rare. When you are trying to push your body beyond its limits, injuries will happen. Other footballers are more injury prone than others. Some injuries are results of previous injuries weakening the footballer's health. Bleeding internally is extremely rare. I've never read of it happening in football. If a player is legit injured, specially in the legs, it's rare for him to continue playing. If it's a light injury or just a knock, the danger is small and the doctors and the player himself make the decision. They are experienced in these subjects. All top tier athletes are very knowledgeable about fitness, injuries and their bodies specifically.
Yeah some of them for sure. They are also football fans and they probably support teams etc.
It's still vulnerable, hurts a lot and the most frequent spot of contact in the legs.
There are no definite criteria, it's subjective. Most people value scoring goals higher than anything else, hence why offensive players throughout history are usually considered the best. This is almost always the team's way of thinking too as you can see from transfer fees. Offensive players (striker, winger, playmaker or "10") cost a lot more than defensive ones or even the half and half ones like central midfielders.
Negotiations and deals can happen anytime but the actual swap (money for player rights) will go through in the first day of the next transfer window (usually all of January and June-August). Furthermore you can't make a transfer for subsequent transfer windows. For example I can't strike an official deal for Kante to join my team in the coming January. The official agreement can exist only with the transfer to happen as soon as possible and since the transfer window is already open, it will have to happen **now**. If I wanted to sign him for January, the only official way would be to complete the deal after the transfer window ends in 31 August or September 1, depending on the country.
No and it is officially not allowed.* The only way for that to happen is when you are giving up something, hurting your own team. For example, you score a goal with your hand and the ref doesn't see it. You can go to the ref and admit what happened and the ref can and will probably annul the goal. You won't get a yellow card either since under normal conditions scoring a goal with your hand is usually a yellow. Obviously that has happened very rarely, a famous example is this one with [Klose](https://youtu.be/TJBRg1jA7AQ). Υοu can google more instances by typing "fair play". Generally speaking the ref's decisions extremely rarely change. They are even not allowed to see in the stadium big screens the replays although there is a famous controversial instance about it when Zidane headbutted Materazzi in the world cup final and in my opinion no ref showed it but it was shown in the screen and Zidane was shown the red card. Afterwards the refs claimed the 4th ref had seen it but I don't believe that. *Τhe only time I've seen a ref changing a decision due to player pressure was in a Olympiacos game and no one in their right minds should watch the abomination that is greek football.
Who cares. Arsenal has had great strikers like Bergkamp and Henry in the past and Vardy is nowhere near that level.
No. It's either advantage and yellow card or not advantage and red card. Typically the ref should not play advantage on a direct red offense as well as with a penalty although there are rare cases where they opt to do so.
Haven't seen it happening and I don't think it ever will.
That's too many players. You are essentially suggesting adding Coentrao, Asensio, Llorente and a striker to the roster while the only ones leaving will be Arbeloa and Kovacic.
This must be the most unpredictable summer in quite some time. No one really knows who we'll sign and there are only suspicions on who we'll get rid of.
Only way that makes sense to me is if Barcelona paid money too.
You are welcome ;)
Yeah, that would be my midfielder signing for the summer too. He's such a beast playing in Sevilla, imagine him playing with R.Madrid's players...
From some articles I've read the rumored plan is: +Pogba +Morata +D.Llorente +Coentrao -James -Kovacic -Jese -Nacho -Arbeloa Personally, I don't like the sound of it. The roster will be improved but not as much as i would have liked it to.
I don't. I prefer good english.
Without having seen any of them, I'd say D.Llorente for this summer, Nacho to be sold and Vallejo to be loaned preferably in a 1st division club with guarantees of playing often.
&gt; the fans of the team that spent 55M on two brazilian midfielders that wouldn't start for Sevilla What's that team ?
Why would Kroos get sold ? No one has said anything about that and it doesn't make any sense. What makes you believe Real Madrid needs to get 100+mil from sales in order to fund a 100mil signing ? The club has made similar signings in the past without directly getting the money from sales plus the fact that since the summer of 2009 the club has spent little money on transfers relative to the fact that they are consistently the #1 club in income. Robben was a starting right winger. James is not a starting attacking midfielder. They are both great players but the similarities end there.
I don't see how Morata could fuck Juventus in such a way and continue playing there. He'll be regarded as a massive trailer and rightly so. Edit: Lol at trailer, meant traitor.
Kroos probably won't get sold not because of Perez but because it's the logical thing to do. Kroos is a world class player, he has consistently performed in R.Madrid and he's a player that coaches love to have. If Pogba comes and James leaves, imo the initial hierarchy of indisputable starter to fringe midfield player would be: Modric&gt;Pogba&gt;Kroos&gt;Casemiro=Isco&gt;Kovacic So the ones to worry about time wouldn't be Pogba or Kroos but Casemiro and especially Isco and Kovacic since they are bigger names. If the Pogba-Kroos-Modric trio fits well together and they don't get injured often, then the other three will be ones struggling to find time. As for James leaving to achieve massive success like Robben, I'm not so sure about that. Big teams rarely employ a "10" position that James loves and I don't see the biggest teams (Barcelona-Atletico-Bayern-Juventus) signing him. He'll probably either end up in england or PSG and it's much harder to become truly great in those tier 2 or below teams.
Thet's an opinion, not a fact. James-Kroos-Modric worked wonders for Ancelotti last season for as long as Modric was healthy and Pogba is better than James defensively. Both Benitez and Zidane try to emulate that tactic from Ancelotti and failed.
&gt;Ancelotti failed as well or don't you remember we didn't win shit with this tactic? I said "James-Kroos-Modric worked wonders for Ancelotti last season for as long as Modric was healthy". Every word in that sentence is important. We did win the european super cup and the club world cup employing that tactic. On the contrary we failed to win the spanish super cup by employng a different tactic, Alonso as DM and Kroos as CM. The overall season failed primarily because of the lengthy injuries sustained by Modric and James, plus the fact that the bench midfielders (Illara, Khedira, L.Silva) failed to properly cover the absent Modric and James. &gt; James-Kroos-Modric did not work wonders at all. &gt; We won many games because we were able to overwhelm the opposition with our attack but it was really unbalanced and weak defensively. Can you name the games in that season where that tactic failed and lead to a bad result ? The only case I remember was in the very beginning of the league against Atletico when the team was still adjusting. It was a hard fought 1-2 loss in a game where R.Madrid had [better stats](http://www.transfermarkt.gr/real-madrid_atletico-madrid/statistik/spielbericht/2475204). Why does "working wonders" have to incorporate a balanced offense and defence or a strong defence ? First thing that matters is winning and secondly winning easily. All the rest come after those two things and in that season whenever we had everyone healthy we won all the time and usually very easily with big margins. [Here's a timeline](http://i.imgur.com/ahgI0xj.jpg) I made that highlights the results combined with the key injuries. The initial desire of all of our last three coaches was to play Kroos as DM, Modric on the right and James/Isco on the left. All of the facts I mentioned above lead me to believe that if Pogba joins, the midfield Pogba-Kroos-Modric will definitely be tried if not be the main tactic.
&gt; And how many of those with James and Kroos? A lot of them and if James or someone else was missing, Isco took his place with Kroos playing as DM. Variations of the same tactic. &gt; and most of those games we won were against teams we should be comfortably beating What we should be doing and what actually happens are two very different things. One is fantasy, the other one is reality. Most of Real Madrid's games are considered "easy" anyway, that's always the case and it wasn't any different back then. &gt; and a Barca in poor form That's a blatant lie! We played Barcelona at October 25th. By that time they had played 8 games in the league and they had a 7W-1D record with an astonishing 22 goals scored and 0 goals conceded! On average, that's 3+ goals scored and 0 goals conceded per win and a 0-0 draw. Not only they weren't in poor form but they were in absolutely great form. &gt; and it isn't enough as the season showed. No, that was never showed and you have repeatedly failed to produce any proof to support your claim. Real Madrid's main tactic that season worked extremely well and it failed only when key players got injured. &gt; This doesn't show anything about how the game went. It's useless when you're trying to judge the style of play, compactness, etc. Lol what ? It shows a ton of things. Most important than all it shows the actual scorelines of the matches that seem to elude you since you claimed that tactic didn't work well and when I asked you games it didn't, you couldn't come up with anything. Secondly it shows formations and stats, key elements of any game analysis. If you remember everything very well then indeed it is redundant. If you can't remember shit then it's extremely useful. &gt; Anyone with a decent understanding of football knowledge can come to that conclusion that playing two box-to-box midfielders and a central midfielder is not good defensively. Football ain't about putting labels. It's about what works inside the football pitch. No one argued about that tactic being very strong defensively. The whole point of argument is whether it worked since you insist on your claim it didn't. &gt; What happened against Atletico under Ancelotti? I've shared plenty of thoughts on analysis including games against Atletico that season. Why don't you give it a go and share your views on what happened against Atletico and why ? &gt; And Modric and Kroos are bound to get tired faster by pressing the opposition half for this to work. I don't remember Modric and Kroos having fitness issues due to our gamestyle. Modric getting tired on the 2nd clasico of the season was because he had recently recovered from a lengthy absence. Otherwise he managed his role perfectly fine and even on his [interview with marca yesterday](http://i.imgur.com/2bFEhTq.jpg) he talked about [being at his peak in 2014 in the super cup and the 22 win streak](http://i.imgur.com/2bFEhTq.jpg). That's the period of time where Ancelotti's tactic was wrecking everyone with Modric and James being healthy. &gt; What is the problem with the defence? There was no problem with our defence this season. Obviously there are things to improve but overall it worked fine. Problem was in the offence and that's what I was talking about in that segment. &gt; And every game he plays there he shows why he's not a defensive midfielder. He lacks the physicality, the work rate, the tackle, etc. &gt; A defensive midfielder is meant to be good defensively. There are destroyers that specialize in the defensive side of things like Makelele and deep-lying playmakers like Xabi and Busquets that are good defensively while being able to start attacks. He can play that role quite well and the names of the coaches that have opted to play him there is ridiculous. Guardiola at Bayern, Low in the national team, Ancelotti-Benitez-Zidane at Real Madrid and the list will almost certainly keep growing in the future. You are describing traits that are common on defensive midfielders but all of those things are not set in stone. Football evolves continuously and Kroos as a DM is better than everyone but Busquets offensively. Defensively he's weak but that is not easily exploited because of his offensive skills. &gt; Ancelotti and Rafa did and failed miserably, they both got sacked. Zidane used him there until he failed and fixed his mistake. Where's the proof for the tactic failing under Ancelotti ? You've repeated the same claim countless times without any proof. Kroos as DM is something very hard to implement and maybe that's one of the reasons why R.Madrid is prepared to go to great lengths to sign Pogba. Ancelotti and Benitez got sacked for failing to produce results, not because they played Kroos as DM. &gt; Kroos didn't play there often under Zidane, did he? and we finally won something. No he didn't, but that's elementary level logic. Under the circumstances of this season, yes not playing Kroos as DM was the right thing to do. Under different circumstances, playing Kroos as DM might be the correct thing to do. &gt; I'm honestly baffled at how some people still think Kroos should/can play as a defensive midfielder. Reason why is simple. Kroos as DM did work for months under Ancelotti and in those months, despite having recently lost key players like Alonso and Di Maria, Real Madrid played the best football they've played in years. We'll soon find out whether Zidane will try it out again and to what lengths he's willing to go to make it work. I'm confident he'll try it and I think there's a good chance that's his main plan for next season.
Yeah, I also think it's a bit perplexing. We'll have to wait for the final roster to shape up to draw better conclusions.
2012 ? What the hell took so long for this to surface ?
I see, that makes sense.
Hardcore fan of Germany since I was very little. I've experienced a lot of disappointing tournaments in all of the previous tournaments but the world cup victory made it all up. Hopefully they are on good form and wreck everyone again.
Complicated issue but I think the current system should stay as long as good spanish young players keep appearing. 3rd division football ain't that bad of a level and the playoffs in the end give some knockout experience for the future.
That must hurt a lot but it ain't that big of a disaster. Some players stood out and they'll probably move on to better teams to further develop. PS: OP, looks like [your claim](https://www.reddit.com/r/halamadrid/comments/4jlqhi/promotion_playoff_draw_ucam_murcia_real_madrid/d37n0a0) that Castilla were the best playoff team was dead wrong. Lol at retroactively deleting all your posts.
Exactly the same as during the season with Barcelona.
&gt; We topped the group which would have been equivalent to winning the league. The league has 4 groups of 20 teams. Coming first in one of the groups in the regular season doesn't even come close to winning the league. You claimed Castilla was the best team and couldn't have been more wrong than that. I don't read code. I never claimed your purpose was to overwrite that conversation. I said it was hilarious and I asked what was the reason behind that and you dodged the question, as usual.
So you watched all the elimination games and Castilla which result wise was one of the absolute worst, was the best team. Lmao. &gt; Didn't fail So then the purpose was to delete a ton of your past comments. As I said earlier, hilarious. It kinda makes sense though, you've spewed an embarrassing amount of bullshit and lies.
&gt; and the result doesn't reflect the performance That can be true in a couple of games, when you don't have a single win in 4 games and you lose 3 of them, you just aren't good enough, plain and simple. &gt; All the Castilla elimination matches So you've only watched the castilla playoff games in which Castilla sucked and you claim they were the best team in the playoffs. Similarly to your claim before the playoffs, you are absolutely incapable of understanding the notion of judging something. With an extremely limited sample in your hands you made a ridiculous claim without a trace of objectivity and as was expected, you were hilariously wrong. And in typical stubborn behavior, you insist on it coming up with all kinds of outlandish theories. &gt; I'm not embarrassed of anything I've said Then why delete hundreds of your comments ? You've repeatedly dodged that question. Only reason I can come up with is by mistake or being ashamed of them and you denied it being a mistake.
&gt; And I can find you a bunch more tweets, articles and such from people who actually watch Castilla and thought Castilla was the better team for most of the matches. Can you find anyone saying Castilla would be the best team in the playoffs and then also claim after the games that indeed they were the best team in the playoffs ? That's the point of argument and what you are claiming is insanity. &gt; Mistake of what? Mistake of accidentally deleting them. Since you denied that, it's crystal clear to me you deleted your comments because you were embarrassed about them.
Whoever has even remotely watched Valencia knows Mustafi is pretty good. Even in the Neuer instance, Mustafi headed the ball sideways thus minimizing the chance of something horrible happening.
Modric is so likeable, everyone loves him.
Sources you provided before the playoffs, bernabeudigital, just from the name is clear they are not even trying to appear objective. In the article they claim thet Castilla is the best in Segunda B because they had most points and goals scored. The same two arguments you also provided which as I said back then, were completely retarded as they are different groups and comparing the teams' points and goals scored is ridiculous. Only someone who has regularly watched all 4 groups can claim that and be taken seriously. The El Pais article which is a legit source, never claims Castilla is the best team in Segunda B. They only say they are the champion with the most points, which is a fact and thus correct. Third source and the only one after the playoffs is a...tweet from some unknown Real Madrid supporter. &gt; I said we were the better team for the most part against UCAM and Lleida No one gives a shit about being better in part of a game. Was Castilla better than UCAM in the two games ? Were they better than Lleida in the two games ? No and they got wrecked. &gt; I didn't say we were the best game in the playoffs...We underperformed in the playoffs and the refs fucked us, I still think we are the best team. That's a contradiction. A team that gets wrecked twice in a double elimination format of best of two games **cannot** be the best team. Maybe they have the best potential to some point become the best but for now, they are not the best, actually they were nowhere near being the best. &gt; It's none of your business. It is hilarious though. So many arguments you got wrecked and finding out you deleted hundreds of your comments. People usually delete their accounts in these kind of situations but you are a special case.
So you, a RM fan accuses me, another RM fan of gloryhunting and that is supposed to have hurt my feelings ? Way you are going mate you'll have to delete your comments again after a few days.
Well, that was it then I guess. Not willing to form sentences anymore, just words.
It is always a choice. At some point your brain starts understanding more and you decide things on your own. At least that's what happens to most people.
Last time RM won the CL they had tough draws.
English isn't my native language and I can't read very fast. It's not just that I'm slow, it gets kinda boring to me after like half an hour and I will sometimes even get sleepy. I was having trouble going through WoT books when I read a comment about the WoT audiobooks being great etc. and I tried them out. It took some getting used to but after a while I loved it and now I only listen to audiobooks. I go through books a lot faster than I used to and I don't think I will ever drop listening to them. For me reading books and listening to audiobooks are similar but not the same. Audiobooks are their own artform similarly to making an audioplay/radioplay from a script etc. Audiobooks I liked were Lord of the Rings, Wheel of Time, Dark Tower, Talisman, Hearts in Atlantis, The Martian, 1984, Casino Royale, Fahrenheit 451, Neverwhere and I'm now finishing American Gods which I'd probably also recommend.
He certainly has some issues but that applies to all of us.
Υοu were satisfied by the team's first eleven performance last season and are confident that the same line up can win everything ? I'd definitely want to sign a midfielder on top of back up LB and striker. Either a DM or left central midfielder, someone of average cost like Krychowiak, Kante, Matuidi etc.
That's some serious dedication, both from AS and whoever put this together. Bale has up and downs and overall weaknesses but he's a great player and 2nd best right winger in the world.
Way I see it, Benitez or the team wanted a backup LW for Ronaldo. Ronaldo being Ronaldo never got injured or rested and thus Cheryshev being quite one dimensional, never got any minutes. From the club's point of view they wanted to be prepared for anything. From Cheryshev's pov it didn't make sense and he soon realized his mistake and left in the winter. Villarreal should try to bring back Vietto too who had a terrible season at Atletico.
Great goal although obviously it was a serious fuck up from england to allow it to happen. Didn't like how Wales sat back in the 2nd half. England had good players subbing in but still, I think Wales should have been a bit more willing to attack.
Who knows really. I think Barcelona will definitely sign a RB soon. Either mid summer, either late summer after L.Enrique realises this is a big problem or in January where it might have cost the club significantly.
The centre-back soap opera has been running for way too many summers.
It works. Eating raw vegetables regularly increases your chance of losing weight.
All right, thought you meant it. Living on eating one or a couple of things all the time is not viable, no matter the food.
I'm not familiar with the quote so i can't help you with that. The other top footballers have all trained a shit tone to get where they are and there is no indication that Messi has trained more compared to them. Xavi meant that Messi does incredible plays during training which a) doesn't matter much and b) Xavi trained all his life at Barcelona so he doesn't know much about what others do during training.
Messi is incredible because he does great things during games. What he does in training matters little and there's no way for us to experience it.
I **never** said training as a whole doesn't matter. I agree that at any sport, your level during training will be roughly close to your level during games. I said it "matters little" for two reasons. Firstly it comes from Xavi whose input on the matter is of little value as he's biased as hell and he had been training all his life only at Barcelona. He has not experienced any inside stuff outside of Barcelona and to a much lesser degree Spain. Imagine Pepe coming out and saying: &gt; "Seeing Ronaldo train is amazing. Best in everything. Those who compare him with Aguero, Messi or Robben end up looking like fools." If the quote had come from a respected coach that has been through various teams, then yeah it would hold some value. Furthermore, us as outsiders don't have the ability to experience Messi's training or any high level footballer's training for that matter and we never will. It's just the nature of football and even open trainings or warm-ups are nothing like actual training. Thus comments on things that we factually have zero samples to draw conclusions from, also have zero value. That's how I see things at least. Never claimed my view is the only truth.
I agree that Madrid needs something new for the front three. Since Vasquez had a decent season and is staying, Jese will have to go and we'll have to sign either a striker or a LW, preferably a striker as Ronaldo rarely misses games. The only name that's been seriously mentioned is Morata and there are conflicting reports about his future, some saying he'll stay at Juventus, some that he'll stay at R.Madrid and some that he'll be sold elsewhere via R.Madrid. Personally I disagree with him staying, I'd sell and sign a different player for the attack. The options are limited, I'd go for Βacca or Gemeiro. Average cost, la liga experience and can afford to play a limited number of minutes (1500-3000 out of the projected 5500). From what I see Fekir got his knee wrecked last season and thus missed almost all of it. I don't think it makes sense for R.Madrid to take a huge risk and sign him at this time. Lukaku is way too expensive and young for a backup role. If there's nothing appealing in the market, I'd opt for giving that spot to Castilla's Mariano. I don't agree with the changing formations bit. I don't see teams in recent years frequently switching formations with success. They usually stick to one formation and that usually involves one striker, not two.
So if I understand this correctly, the Dreamhack Summer tournament is about who gets a spot for a ESL Cologne ? That's just sad. How the mighty have fallen.
According to Arkhaeon above, the reward is not a spot for ESL but 50k.
&gt; Messi's training is on a whole different level as well. What does that actually mean ? Isn't what Messi does during training similar to what he does during games ? If yes, then it doesn't much because we are already seeing it in games. If not, it also doesn't matter much since he isn't able to replicate what he does in training during real games. End result is the same. What others say about Messi during training is of little value and we can't experience it ourselves.
There were some reports that Varane is dissatisfied with ending up behind Pepe for another season. Don't think he'll go though. Thus it looks like it's between Nacho, D.Llorente and Vallejo for the 4th CB spot. Personally I have no opinion on the matter as I haven't seen any of them enough to judge. From what I've read though, D.Llorente looks to me like the best option. Vallejo seems too young to join the team as he'd probably get very little playing time.
200mil offer for Neymar ? I'd accept and sign Nolito, Reus/Hazard and Verratti with that money. I think Barcelona would be stronger that way.
Keep the 4-3-3 formation and initially have as starting line up: Reus/Hazard-Suarez-Messi Iniesta-Busquets-Rakitic Remove from the roster Sandro, Munir, Turan. Promote Samper. Verratti for the first few months mostly used as rotation player for all three midfielders, he can easily play them. After that period, coach decides which two from Iniesta/Rakitic/Verratti start. If the team is doing fine and Verratti hasn't fully settled, keep him as the 4th midfielder, similar to how R.Madrid has kept Isco for years. S.Roberto, Rafinha, Samper help out in rotations and emergency multiple injuries situations. Up front the same thing for Nolito, he starts the season as the 4th attacker, replacing whoever of the three is missing. Even if Suarez is missing you can put Reus or Messi up front for a few games. After the initial period, coach decides which three of the four start. If there are two of the four injured, either use Iniesta/Rafinha up front, or play a four midfielder formation like: Reus-Messi Iniesta-Verratti-Busquets-Rakitic I think these changes have a good chance of making the team better overall than having Neymar. When Neymar is at his best there's nothing you could do with the team to make it better but how often is Neymar at his best ? Not that often imo to justify 200mil. That's if he went to PSG because if he went to R.Madrid I think it would be a bad move from Barcelona since it could fix a huge problem for RM which is the replacement of Ronaldo for years to come.
Oh boy, I enjoyed so much Croatia's b team taking the soul out of Spain and sending them right into hell having to go through Italy and possibly Germany and France just to reach the final. [Welcome to the dark side!](http://i.imgur.com/4pR6h8v.jpg) The funniest scenario will be if Spain reaches the final anyway and then meets Croatia again in the final!
More Modric. That's the only thing I ask. Both for Croatia and Real Madrid. I don't know what you'll have to do, humanity just needs more Modric.
His transfer contract was made public by football leaks so it's like 99.9% certain.
The Aiel in Wheel of Time have some nomadic traits. They are definitely not "front and center" as you'd like but there's a decent part of them in the books and personally I enjoyed their storyline.
Very interesting quotes. Did you translate all that yourself ? Looks like a lot of work. Ancelotti is a great coach but there were some legit reasons for firing him. The big problem was replacing him since there weren't any easy good options to go to and Benitez proved a bad move.
Great game by Ronaldo against a strong Hungary side. Up against Croatia next. Good thing for R.Madrid is no matter who qualifies, two players will be done from the tournament.
Alaba is pretty good but he would be a luxury for Real Madrid since there is no clear cut first eleven spot for him. Maybe he could become the starter ahead of Marcelo or Casemiro but is that possibility worth paying an enormous sum ? I'd say no. Versatility is a good trait but I think Alaba is overdoing it. Imo it would be better if he focused on one main role, probably his original one as LB. I also don't think he's that valuable marketing wise, Austria is a pretty small country in the grand scheme of things. He's been rumored for R.Madrid frequently so there's a good chance if he leaves Bayern that he'll join us. He's only 23 and 5 years younger than Marcelo so he has a lot of time ahead of him.
No one was knocked out eh ? That's impressive!
Αs with all things, it's not black and white. This trope can be beneficiary and a lot of that depends on how believable it is and whether it's meaningful. For example in Game of Thrones (spoilers), people die very often so when it turns out someone didn't die it's interesting. Like the recent storyline with the hound, I really liked the way it was done. Good reasons for Arya to not kill him and possibly die slowly on his own, a solid explanation on how he survived and macroscopically there was a point in it as after that the hound sees things a bit differently and there's the expectation of what will happen he meets Arya again. It didn't feel to me like a cheap way to con the viewers and the whole thing being pointless. In general though, yeah as with most techniques it usually isn't used very well.
Croatia didn't have a good performance, don't know exactly why. Their players just looked off.
I agree with the first part, that Croatia was a better team. They were marginally better than Portugal in this game though and on those occasions it's close to a 50-50 on who wins. Portugal didn't do nothing, they defended well allowing Croatia to create very few chances and they were effective in their offence, managing to score in one of the very few chances they made.
That's a great piece. Everyone that has worked with Ronaldo says similar things. In the source article you can also read some brief but interesting thoughts by Carlo about Spain vs Italy and France vs Ireland.
Juve can't force that. In fact, the player himself can't refuse a callup unless he retires from the squad.
The Argentina of so far ? Yeah, they are done for without Messi. However there are still plenty of good Argentinians and with a good coach they can easily become 4th-5th best team in the world.
So Tata was forced upon Messi both on Barcelona and Argentina without his consent ? Ain't that a bit too far fetched ?
Didn't watch much of this tournament except the 2nd semi final and the final. From what I read and highlights I watched though, Messi was very good and Argentina as a whole was all right. It's a shame key decisions in that team are made from incompetent people in the federation and the coaches they've had. They've held Argentina back since forever. Whether Messi and others retire or not, Argentina will always have very high quality options to form their roster. I'm convinced a good coach can form a solid squad for the world cup and make them at least 4th-5th best team in the world. On the other hand, Chile have repeatedly shown what a great squad they are. Whenever I watch them I'm impressed by their forward Vargas and then I check his club stats and they are atrocious. Can't understand how a player can be so different between club and national team.
He was a lot better than Carvalho was in the game against Hungary. Good call for Santos to make that key change.
His penalty was okay though, Messi's was atrocious.
