This game is just another ff7 spinoff undercover, just watch!!
the fact they have kept Omnishlash unreleased so far, should tell us they have large plans for him. Omnishlash V5 from AC is also popular, so I wouldn't be surprised if he gets Omnishash 1 through 5 in different relics!!
you act as if they wouldn't!
lol it took them a crazy amount of time to get DR ready and ofc it was bugged as heck. And there's still a ton of unsolved bugs that they couldn't patch before releasing yet another bugged hero.
my characters are Ms Marvel (costume), Spidey (ANAD costume), Venom (no costume yet). I manage to wipe everything pretty easily with Cap Marvel and if she is in a bad situation venom usually does the job as he seems pretty tanky and rarely gets badly damaged
Dragoon's Determination is also a massive damage boost. So there's literally no reason to use it on this fight though
I actually got 40 instead of 30 for the lower package, so that was interesting. That said, I have no clue why they wouldn't just give people the advertised amount? Is not like they corrected it right away or a day after... they corrected it today when they were supposed to send them
hopefully something that overall boosts her but also gives her an edge vs her current weaknes... physical
Huh? I said "Wasn't that prominent" it's not the same as calling him unimportant, specially when I said OTHERS were MORE prominent. Don't get all salty just because your fave isn't someones favorite
oh boy now you don't get sarcasm. Just go argue with someone else, your attempts at demeaning while you yourself lack English understanding are hilarious
you are so fragile, perhaps you should get off the internet!
The person didn't play V1, where the characters storylines were being talked about. The person continued to 'pick apart' my sentences by gathering their own meaning out of them when the whole post was an innocent inquiry in how a certain character got in before others who are perceived as more popular. Not once did I state my opinions as facts, and in fact gave proof as to the perceived popularity of other characters due to game's story/updates/etc. And not once did I resort to insults like you or them did, so how am I being a 'condescending ass'. But forget it, this went long enough. I can't wait to see who the 3rd ff14 is, as I play the game, I can't wait to play with a character from the game!
Well Gazillion is not very good at damage control, or squashing bugs
I think they will link him to all the Hulks, Antman, Iron Man, Miles/Gwen/Silk for the 'new hero' type of thing, since this game seems to follow the MCU a lot, an Ultron connection wouldn't surprise me either.
good. I watsed x15 trying for another pull on Lightning's banner after the x50 and ofc got nothing. This makes me feel less bad about it and the savings till SSSB begin now :(
I did, 8 uses has been enough for me. Specially since I usually use Tyro as whm with Wall
Alot of bugged characters, still not fixes for many of them
so are they patching tomorrow? or when do people think?
what is this repeat stage 2 thing? :O
1400 crystals and some more incoming through the stash. I hope I can buy Loki's and maybe Angela's if it turns out good. Only have Loki rank 4 so Also want some bios for him (her!)
100 gem got me... 5* Seed Uniform wtf! hahaha
good, I had no idea if I was picking Jessica or Sif
her other uni also has a bonus, with +7 sec to the skill so +4 more
Cap Marvel's uniforms got +Skill time for her new 6* skill, +7 for Carol Corps and +4 for Ms Marvel
It seems to be an issue with the Facebook link, if you go to the Future Fight APP PAGE on Facebook and click 'remove' (You can do it on your PC), the game will allow you to log in
Probably because it takes 40 to 'unlock him' as he is a 3* minimum, they don't wanna give you more than you 'need' xP
I find Cap Marvel great fun, and even if you are 60 bios in you can always use them for gear. Other than that I'd go for Silk/Hulkbuster. The 6* Hulkbuster skill is pretty fun, and Silk is pretty good. If you have the new costume or willing to get it, Angela is also a great fun character
I'm also not sure about the 4th gear. But right now I have Stark Backing and it seems to work well on her
Smart Racoon and her 6* don't play well with each other, aka they get replaced by each other
honestly I don't think so, it would require too much micro management in keeping an eye for procs plus you might need the skill before. And a healing ISO isn't too bad, she still takes a lot of damage vs physical, and shields don't play well with her passive so I find her options a bit limited now. But not in a bad way, since the 6* is very good
Only ~some~ U+ bosses. All U bosses are still weak to it. But it is a specific thing, ie: It's great for Beatrix but you could also team retaliate her Drainga has its uses on some fights to help with healing while doing good damage, and it also hits the dark weakness for the very few fights that are weak to it. Bioga helps with poison and is rarely resisted so it's another good option. Sadly I find that Blizzaja tends to be resisted more often than Waterja, and in face when things are weak to ice they tend to also be weak to water.
Quel did and it also got a dmg boost, so I'd argue it's a pretty good summon. If you can't hone Baha, definitly better to do Quel + either Maduin or Vale
I like this, even though your Dismissals are pretty high, it doesn't proc enough to call this a dismissal strategy. I didn't think of Reflect on his Cura as my highest hones are magic based, but I'll give it a shot
I believe Marvel has to approve pretty much anything, at least that is what it is like with other Marvel games, so even describing the Uniform/where it comes from etc would need to be approved and that likely takes more time.
Spiderman 2099 is a different character, if they added Miles they could add Miguel too. And people are throwing out ideas of Amadeus Cho for Iron Spider, so who knows!
Its happening a lot today to me
There isn't much use for Flare right now, and even i fit was unless you could hone it to like R3 I wouldn't even bother
I would say at least get Loki's given his current state. The others are more about what you like. But given Loki's flexibility, boosting him and granting him access to female battles is just too good to pass
I would say it is. 2016 relaunch was supposed to be this big thing that has been in the works for over a year, and yet now half of it is delayed and the other half showcases how rushed it all is. Makes you wonder what they were actually doing when they were supposedly working on this content such as DP's review and Black Cat. Bugs on live still persist and they seem unable to handle different things at a time, ie: fix old bugs and push new content (even if it's on the form of a character), and yet all they do is introduce even more bugs. So unless they get things under control I doubt that most of the people who have stopped playing will come back. The game is becoming very stale and the resuse of hero abilities, environments and mechanics is becoming even more apparent.
terrible money grab. Couldn't even use the opportunity to create new models for both characters/these costumes, and the enemies that they have "been working on for over year"
Nice, in 14 days I can get Kingpin to 5 star and then with the 6* tix I could get him to 6*
nop :( I would love to get Shehulk/Angela or Silk to 5*, but idk if I will be able to buy bios for any of them. Angela is 4*, like 70 shy to 5*. And Shehulk/Silk are 3* but I can't afford x2 of their sales to get them to 5*, so I was thinking instead using the crystals for Kingpin's costume
FFT's banner is also packed, unlike these banners that either split the relics into different chars per banner or put new char's relic1 on 1st banner and relic2 on 2nd banner, Both of the FFT's chars get their x3 relics on ONE banner. So x6 character relics on one banner. And of course one of them is Scream. The others aren't bad either, such as a 40% Hp heal that also gives protect. To be honest, I'm pretty much on the same boat as you. My ff9 synergy is lacking, and I have native wall. While I also have AoE heal, the relics in this banner are good and tempting. BUT I will try my luck vs Beatrix and see how I fair without, if I at least manage to beat her then I won't pull. The next FF9 Even has really good stuff too
Sure! But also keep in mind taste, if you like the characters then go ahead. But the Freya event was already translated and therefor not too far away, and that one has a bunch of SSBs plus the very good Garnet's SSB. So that was what made me feel like waiting instead.
Did you claim it from Inbox fist and then check consumable on inventory? if it isnt there and you lost crystals then definitely send a ticket to support
It's a very good deal if you manage to buy the package, but as mentioned by others, you must be rank 4 to be able to use it.
Just make it Knight 4 DeNa harharhar
How many reta uses? max reta on all?
thx a lot I will give this shot!
higher chance to get speed bios from daily chest I'm guessing is what they are referring to
cause of Red Skull, and i guess the ~wound is fresh~ because of the recent captain america comic book.
no thanks when he was being offered as a bundle with shards before.... I know that might no happen again, but ugh too expensive.
Cool Mom Punk Barbie, I'll probably buy tbh
you can do more than one x11 pull on this banner?
I mean it was free shards and what not, but I would had prefered Orange/Yellow gears instead of green :(
its not like things like this happen every single friday...(they do). sigh i dont get why they dont learn
Buy a "rare chance to collect" they mean buy them? :(
sarcasm + question mark + Unhappy face
no, they already said there won't be one
My honest advice in regards to buying any premium character is: Buy the ones you like. Why? because in terms of gameplay they tend to do more harm than good :(. There's really little benefit to owning them, and with all the 8hr tasks they give them, you end up with more 8hr tasks on your board, you gain less gold (due to them starting at rank 1 and having to increase them to rank 5), and they halt your progress due to needing so much gold and books. So really they are mostly something you must really want rather than something that would enhance your gameplay. So far the only "premium" character that has brought more good than harm is Pepper, and she wasn't really premium. She was also promoted as giving out enhanced missions like premiums, but so far she hasn't. But at least she tends to have her 2hr task give good event items #s.
Nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo :(
Or y'know, it might just be The Defenders as he mentions :P Cap Britain is also part of Mighty Defenders, which includes Rescue, Spiderman (both other versions) but most importantly, Shehulk and White Tiger. Both who are very likely to join the game. But with the Sinister Six basically confirmed, the defenders might join as well
you cant even buy the TUs if you already had them (Iron Man), so you could buy the new Cap one (its different from box one). And sacrifice it for a token, but not the Iron Man since it wont let you :(
well this is great news, right before i go to bed!
well that sucks I will just have to read the story on this. I get really bad motion sickness on first person shooters :( I literally put myself through hell just to finish Fallout 3 lol But that sucks :( , the VR thing was never gonna happen for me anyway :(
Upon seeing the 2 trailers and the demo, I don't think it's necessarily anyone we know. It seems the person will be calling the player through the game, so when he says "She's back" it probably just means that she is calling again :(
why? He is gay. There's even a storyline with him and Loki :P
thats another thing, I have 7* SG and 6* plat sword :F. I'm scared of wasted books
I really don't get this type of comments. This is clearly a set scenario and asking for opinions regarding the expenditure of the limited resource that is Mythril. If you have such a problem with someone asking for input or advice on a topic, that as you yourself say, hasn't been asked due to it being far away. Then why even post here? I really don't get people like you in the reddit, what do they want the reddit to be, just full of PSAs? Megathreads? Show off threads? Whatever, enjoy the game.
It will likely happen, she has been added to every game Loki's been in. That said... Lady Loki is supposed to be Loki in Sif's body, so... awkward
All 3 are solid choices, currently Ghost Rider is probably even stronger than Rogue given gearing and what not. He is also a lot of fun with his AoE builds. Rogue is also a blast to play since you can build her in many many ways, you might enjoy her more since you can literally build her up and dismantle and build her up a different way. And Doom is great too, 3 solid builds and a very fun character too
i added 4 of u guys, wasted 30 stamina trying to get one of you to show up... all 4 show up at the last "refresh". The RW refresh UI update cant come soon enough...
I'm currently using Tyro, Ramza, PCecil, Bartz and the healer changes depending on the relic's i've gotten or really just put whoever for leveling and use a shared medica. I've gotten lucky in basically the team having built itself due to the relics I've gotten. First Tyro's SG, then Pcecil's SSB which is a constant 9999x3. After that I got lucky and got Bartz's Excalibur and that just made the game easy mode. His attack is so strong he usually does 8k+ x5. AND gives me a def 50% buff that stacks with protect, or basically eliminates the need for protect. Then the unthinkable happened and Ramza got both of his Relics (Shout/Tailwind) and basically became the most versatile character allowing me not even bring healer for some fights. And of course, as an emergency cure if needed. Anyway, my point is that I think that the setup you wrote about is indeed an amazing one. At this point I would like: PCecil's BSB, Beatrix's SSB, Garnet's Wizard Rod and Selphie's Dreamstage. Usually my go-to RW is Garnet's Wizard rod for the Res up and Regen, but I'm hoping more options start showing up soon!
oh yea i did that... 30 times :(
127, hoping to get to 150 for the fest. Kuja 2 broke me
I just want updated exp multiplier, i dont even feel like playing with the current one
I finished him with all of them rank 1... full mastery. I did go a bit crazy with my hones tho since I like summoners. Had Alexander/Valefor r5 , Levi/Ultros/Shiva/Ifrit/Ramuh r3, Fat Choco r2. Used Focus RW, have innate Wall and Yuna's Medica + High Regen. Had Hope use the x2 Summon Magic , with Alex/Levi. I actually had times I had to reset because I did too much dmg during phase 2 where I wasn't seeing the 3rd background. My tip is: Go moderate on Phase 1, Go Slow on Phase 2 till you spawn the 3rd orb, then go Hard.
Last I read he said he didn't voice Drax, but didn't say anything about Prof X
Have you guys seen the Lady Loki picture /u/rip_cpu made? https://www.reddit.com/r/avengersacademygame/comments/4p0wdk/dear_tinyco_please_add_lady_loki_as_an_alternate/ Chances of getting her as a costume? ;)
Well he said he did voice Drax, just that it wasn't his voice being used for the game. He is Drax's voice on other games
One last question, would it be possible to let the characters walk through "buildings" like Avenger's Park? It just looks very odd to place it and have roads lead into it and then they just walk back or walk away since they can't "enter" without an action. Also maybe sit on benches? Eat some Shawarma? Have a coffee? Pet Cosmo?
nop, still need 3 abilities with mainly power/wind :(
Damn they put Tyr's BSB in a not so great banner. So I guess #1 and #4 for me
If you like Yshtola that much... sure.... but otherwise I just don't think #2 is great. Specially if you have Thyrus. Since you will likely want to use Stoneskin 2 rather than any of her other SBs
Spidergwen and Iron Jane!
Norman has been an Avenger ;)
My only SBs in this realm are Auron's Shooting Star and Yuna's Hymn. Both are good, but rest of my team is poop. Auron/Tidus/Yuna/Wakka 80, Rikku/Braska/Jecht 65~ Luckily I do have 3 solid X Swords, 1 Dagger and Auron's Katana. But I'm having difficulty setting up the right team. If I only had more wind orbs I could hones some stuff to make them stronger! Damn X roster has no Knight 4*++ I was shocked!!! hahaha I'm guessing everyone is going with Shout RW? I don't have any shared shellga SB but I do have protectga shared SB.
omg I totally forgot Rikku has bard!! Did you save up some uses of Powerchain/FullCharge on Tidus? I can hone both to r2 or one to r3, but have no SB/SSB on him so wondering if you spaced out Tidus' abilities and mixed them in with some normal attacks until you got him to low health? I got Shooting star on Auron so he can take care of some dmg. Wakka for breaks, no SBs. Could give him Protect SB or to tidus. Rikku, got no shared shell sb, but could give her bard shell + Dismissal 8 uses. (No thief's revenge). Yuna has Hymn, so I can do the same. Sorry for the longish post, just having trouble with this Cid Mission.
the #3 brought back painful memories
well since its decor I'm sure they are just gonna say "Here you go a 2nd one, and this time its free" Since last time it cost shards for the boxes. I mean there's so many spider tokens in there too that you shouldn't get if you already ranked him up to 5. But alas you can get them
dang missing 17 myhtril for another 50 :(
oh wow i didnt knew that :/ , spider ham's info even says "he doubles" the evidence... but 0 x 2 = 0
I don't. apparently people who dont have him cant even get evidence just yet. It seems like an already tight race to get all rewards from boxes with Spiderham, let alone without
decor only
Thanks for this, now to save my Mythril for IV and then XI
So the octobots will be there for other buildings too? Wondering if its wondering investing in one of those premium things
Got Ham, Spidey on CW. Ham is almost rank 3, just waiting on some sandwiches. Only Missing Statue on decorations, currently at 4 buggle's (saving them for boxes first). Have already bought 3 boxes. I ended up buying the 1 web/12 hrs thingy, its helped somewhat but I still get 1-2 octos I have to deal with which is kinda annoying. Seems they really wanted you to buy the x3 one.
Probably just like Giant Man was advertised to create the world map thingies on CW event for the entire duration of the event on the faq.... aka nop.
No one knows yet. They say they are used for characters, plural, but there's images of different tokens for other characters. So we don't know at the moment.
Its a bad app. Have had it for so long even have FF1 and FF2 for free there (only reason I havent deleted it) but login in its too much of a pain if you have a software token (Since I play ff14) and on top of that its just glitchy. Square tends to give up on their phone apps, you can tell they want people to use it because of all the promotions and "exclusives" they give it but they won't do anything to make it better. At least give us the option to always be logged in if we want to
really still no carnage? Made us get the bio pack and he is still not getting T2 =/ Yet Moonie and Diapers man gets it so soon!
I usually get x4 or x6 from a single mission. Very rarely is there a 2nd mission at the same time
In all honesty I wouldn't worry too much, if they put the stuff on the crates its because they will likely be obtainable in other forms. This is just something for p2p to have something to do since if you got Spidey in CW you skip a huge portion, and if you buy Ham you jump a huge wall. The boxes are likely there in case you can't buy the decorations so you do end up getting "some tokens" but it does suck some people wont be able to get the decorations.
yea there's several threads on this
sadly there's been stuff thats been used like that such as the ronan generators, crossbones safe, etc. :(
http://www.makinggameofthrones.com/production-diary/got-connections-ned-promise-tower-of-joy-infographic I wanna see the mental gymnastics some people will go to deny this now
Thanks for the image. Sorry to be dense but: Full Break + Power Breakdown + Heroic Harmony(mog) + Banishing Blade (Auron) + Tyro's BSB command, is a thing in terms of stacking?
dont care for lizard, but venom is one of my favs. I'm hoping he has some form of dual-voice over, maybe a muffled Venomified voice and an Eddie voice
The only hero i have seen to really make a use of it outside of pvp where you'll likely have Goat's Mask anyway, is Ranged Deadpool due to his own slot 5 unique that has a large chunk of dmg attached to vs Weakened and the unique being very good, plus his ranged hit not having a well placed Weakened. Don't know about Venom as he is a physical hero which means he has access to far better artifacts. Plus Venom already has weaken on the almost mandatory Infect, which is very good.
This will sadly sell like pancakes, the Symbiote costume has been historically used to great success on many Marvel games to sell the game itself or other stuff. Its like if Jean Grey was on the game and they sold a Dark Phoenix costume. Big comic things tend to do very well. That said, I'm disappointed with the costume. No tendrils or other symbiote like appearance, it might as well just be the black costume Black Cat made for spidey.
These are not new tho, other TinyCo games like Family Guy have them. So we were warned of their eventual implementation. And from what I've read, these are even improved. The thing is, yes 95 shards for 2 webshooters isn't worth it. But that's the point. Its a gamble system, if every item in the chest was worth it then there would be little risk to it. Not saying I approve of the tactic, but its done so that ~they~ end up winning. Ie: putting shards in there make you feel you could somehow end up winning vs the house by even making profit. But in the end you will likely end up using those shards to open even more boxes.
Sadly none, He just makes Evidence drop at a higher % rate and without the need of Wasp.
I didn't say that it was good, and you should watch the southpark episode of "freemium isn't free" if you really think we are not being treated like gamblers. Which ironically, is based on Tiny Co's Family Guy game.
thank you. Wow
No one said it was a Casino. But this boxes are very much a gamble mechanic. This game isn't alone in it, in fact most freemium games have gamble mechanics like this one. Japan even has a law where mechanics like this have to show the % of obtaining x item due to gambling. Sadly North America doesn't so we are left in the blind. For the record, I don't think there's a single person that disagrees with what your post was about. And I personally DO NOT support this type of mechanics. Do i think me not buying this boxes sends a message? sure. Do i think anything will change? no. Why? Because this type of games attract "whales" who go all in in stuff like this. The whole point of my post was to explain to you what the boxes are. They aren't meant to provide a discount for your money. ie: Only items worth 95 shards or more. They are meant to raise the ceiling of their maximum profits. Going by your scenario if they had 10 items at a max of 950 with no filler. Then people would either buy all for 950 or enough till they get what they want. That said, it has the side effect of very clearly becoming a "pay2win" scenario and on top of that it has a ripple effect on the tunning of the event and their profits from other stuff such as people who buy this stuff potentially not speeding up stuff anymore, not paying shards for film, octobots etc. By doing it the way they are doing, they seek to get a higher "average" profit due to the people spending more money than they would otherwise. It might sound very dramatic, but this is indeed gambling and its a psychological trap to get you to think you "win" when you get stuff that would be worth more than 95 shards and have another go. Eventually even if you bought all boxes to get what you wanted you end up with a feeling of "Oh well, at least i'm set for this item and this item and I can use this item to buy this thing, and I didn't want this bobblehead but at least the collection is complete. And hey I got my costume!"
ofc they would have, they buy a license to use the characters. Marvel still has to approove stuff and still gets profits from the game, but ultimately Marvel isn't in a place where they have to ask ppl to make games for them. Devs want to use the Marvel IP for profits. By saying that TinyCo would had to pay a pretty penny for Spidey is simply saying that Spiderman alone raises up the overall roster of Spiderman.
People commented on Spiderman's Oscoin cost being 2099 as an easter egg of Spiderman 2099. He will likely EVENTUALLY make it as his own character. But there's nothing in the datamine that points to him being released during this event at the moment.
yes but you gotta invest on his record dive. He is one of the better monks!
well thing is deadpool has no issues being close, and in fact he is deadlier close. Ranged DP is the #2 best char for the Cable tourny and he stands out when he is close to Cable. Plus you can even use Cutting Room Floor on him you for whatever reason want to trigger melee procs with no dps lose
7 of those books were mine lawl, no curtana or doublet tho :(
ngl but this game did make me stop preordering games so there's that
Aw I liked the humble chilean who is essentially agreeing but due to the fact that they are only recently getting drag in a more mainstream manner. And it is so true, in latin/south america there's so much homophia that people go out of their way to avoid being targeted. So of course not everyone in Chile is going to have the experience that others do. I have a really hot straight friend from brazil who has like the best hair ever and does this amazing hair styles that would give any gay hair envy. And he was showing me pics of his time from Brazil and his hair style was very basic/"normal" done, and I asked him about that and he said that people in the streets or just in general people around him would always target him for insults due to his "gay hairstyles" so he would avoid styling his hair for that reason. I mean something as silly as that got him to experience bigotry, I think that's why we get along so well and why he is so open to gay people. And likewise, I think latin/southamerica is becoming more accepting at a much slower rate of anything LGBT related. But hopefully shows like this inspire more people to become proud of themselves and the drag culture. And I hope the racist bitch in the vid gets thrown under a bus.
Overall nice guide, but I'd suggest talking about the gear/iso choices that suit her in more detail as that is likely the #1 thing people are going to be looking for in guides.
try restarting the game, i got mine on the dot of reset
so i screwed up my SL teams and ended up at 25 barebones, but can T2 one of the following characters. Who would you say is more likely to be able to defeat DD. I have groot available for backup as well. Moon Knight, Black Bolt and Ghost Rider. I was gonna T2 all 3 at some point, just been waiting for the gear custom gear for them. But I have decent ones for any of them if needed be. I'm just worried that Moon Knight won't have enough damage to deal with DD, and while GR has great damage it is mainly on vs villains. Lastly, would you recommend MK uni? I have GRs/BBs but MK's doesn't seem that great.
Geez I thought this was /r/Peoplefuckingdying and was about to see some adorable puppy getting a tiny sweater on. It also reminds me of me being a kid and putting socks on my uncle's rottweiler and him being the most playful and adorable dog ever.
Loki's face is the new Sofa
395 for medkits, ore or a decor. I only need to beat malekith one last time and I actually need keys for the sunthings for Cap Marvel's ranks, so no need for any of them. And as much as I'd like the deco, 395 shards for it? No thanks! good luck if you need the characters tho
nah I'm sure gotg will have another mini event, and likely the spidercharacters will be there for the next spider event. Since silk was already mentioned to come at a later date, and spiderman has so many characters
nah to the movies, I'm sure the movies will have their own characters without the need to rehash the old spider characters
There's plenty of topics on this, but it really depends on what you are gearing your team for and on what (if any) banners we will get for 2nd anniv. There aren't any "totally awesome" banners till then, but there's plenty of good stuff in alright banners like the coming FF13 banner 2 with Cid's BSB
Trust me, the Hela lead was overkill
nop its all rng
Doom can't happen sadly, so I doubt it. Kang and the inhumans are most likely the next step after Thanos
no its probably going to be the next big event. Jocasta was also teased, Ultron famously made a Wasp Body so there's one likely monthly Wasp costume, Vision will likely get the same treatment Spiderwoman did this event etc.
I've never heard anyone rate Minfilia low, if anything people just make fun of the fact she is actually this good in FFRK because in FF14... well let's just say she is there for the fan service.
Because they do different things. Yshtola is mainly a healer who has access to wrath for Wall/BSB/PronShell shenaningans on top of being a great healer. Alp's BSB currently still holds even in japan and keeps getting better due to spells like the 6* smn, and he doesn't need hones to use them. Minfilia is a great character, but it all depends about how you fit her. You don't need 2 supports and having FB + either Power or Magic BDown is usually enough. And both M.Bdown and P.Bdow and very important so having to wait to access them can be troublesome. She is just more of a character that you have to figure out how to make her join your team rather than Alph (who has content where he will stand out, as well as being great on any team) and Yshtola well she is a whm and one of the 3 great whm BSBs. They are just different roles, and Minfilia's isn't specific enough to really shine. She is good with her BSB, but doesn't really do anything new.
I'm pulling on Banner 2 at least once, but I kind of want on Banner 1 due to the +Element gear. I know Ice isn't the best ever element in the game in terms of boost, but it is one of the two +Ice armors available. Already have Cid Gloves and Ashe's bodysuit for the other elements, but the other stuff doesn't hurt. Hmm...
3 new characters, I hope on of them is spiderwoman...! But while we have become spoiled with the big updates with lots of characters, I do hope this one comes with more than one rework!
I guess someone had to take over from Lightning guy
well i was done with this event, just glad i didn't stop getting keys. Too bad i did stop getting ore There's also a shehulk one, not sure what the quest was since it just autocompleted and gave me the bobble
fairly sure i'll miss the america one, it's way too rng for only 2 days left. I don't think i ever got that many power attacks in the time i fought malekith
My game keeps crashing whenever Bartz (enemy) uses Light of the Four :( . I've tried everything and it keeps crashing there, dunno what to do. I'm guessing no one else is having this issue
i did, also reinstalled but the same thing is happening. I remembered I have the game linked on bluestacks so i guess i'll try to do the fight there! so weird tho, it's never happened before
seems like 4hr for 1
My guess is that one of them is for sure America Chavez, and I hope than one of the other two is Spiderwoman. My guess for the final one is either Medusa or Kate Bishop
Can anyone please use the helpful resources where this information is well organized and displayed? thankyou https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Y5_YGiQYfiYXUORqCeKoEcMGevm77_HqGXXyDbKrQpU/edit#gid=720861082
Spiderwoman would be the most unique character we have gotten in a while, she has nothing to do with Spiderman nor fights like him and the other 3 spider characters we got.
if you have a screenshot your best bet is to send it to support
post was edited, it implied that ares was a prize for the event itself
What? The interview mentions that Ares is part of the hangout system which isn't a part of the event itself. And if you are talking about the post, the post used to imply that Ares was part of the grand prize of the even mentioned in the interview, but was later changed to include the information regarding the hangouts and made it clear that Ares was linked to the hangouts.
tough to even consider this after the black friday + xmas sales
yea but she isn't being used to promote the new diverse "Marvel Now". Those 3 are the prominent ones in Marvel's promo along with Ms Marvel who is already in
As per this clue my guesses are: 100% sure America Chavez 70% sure Kate Bishop And the last spot is likely: Riri Williams, Moon Girl, Nadia Pym
Mayday Parker
Because the interview states that he is the eventual reward for the hangout. This isn't me denying or stating anything other than what was said in the interview, in a thread about interview analysis...
GTA V 733
Lockjaw will likely happen eventually, but I doubt any of the others will make it. And who knows if Zabu is able to be used since it hails from the Savage Land, and therefor X-men rights territory
My guess is you'd have to have some massive hones that might not even be worth it in terms of effort and materials used. Lack of mitigation, boost, high medica and haste are also a big issue since these piglets are no joke in terms of magic damage and damage taken
what?
Thor and Jane Foster are too different people tho, like how Miles and Peter Parker are different people...
i still need his insta, any updates? &gt;_&gt;
sigh, yes it's been posted only a dozen times
no, posts get deleted
There's like 5 other Universal Hero that can do much better than Hyperion and faster. And Blast male is doable with others as well. You can even get 100k with Loki on Universal Villain.
It depends on what you are fighting and your mag boosts. For the most part just chaining onto itself is better. There's a whole thread about Tiamat, so I'll let that slide. But the use of Tiamat on ST fights vs simply using C1 &gt; C1 is honestly questionable.
Fun Fact: It works in every language!
Would get wasted on Silk since she has high dodge and capable of caping easily. Elsa has her shield and movement to help her out as well.
Well, that confirms Kate So I guess Riri + Kate and I'm guessing something Cap oriented tomorrow will reveal America
My money is on America, but yea Nadia does have a chance as well. But it'd be weird to get Nadia considering she is not much different than the Wasp we have, but then again we also got Cho
So... If I have gotten every hero and caged every villain, there's nothing to do right? My villains are even still on their cages
mine is still not upgradable yet, can't even see the old requirements
And in the eyes of NM he still is a tank. For some reason they neglect how spiky the damage is, and think that +Defense and damage negation (not inmunity) helps. Hence why Venom is hurt since even his T2 gave him outdated mechanics. On top of that, Venom has the "privilege" of requiring low hp to deal optimal damage and that's just not viable in this game environment.
lol i hope he posts this on insta
well i'm here to convince you to get him. Reason is, this is the 3rd time he has come back and his price remains the same. So that at the very least gives some piece of mind in that you aren't going to get shafted (hopefully) by a lower cost later on. If you are missing anything from this event, then at the very least you also get a bonus. He was the last character I was missing and I had shards from the sale, so I said oh well!
do you have a screenshot of the CS ticket? They haven't gotten back to me, and it'd be nice to have some solid evidence on it. Plus it's nice to know which representative answered, since we have gotten incorrect info from them before
Pulled x3 of his SSB weapon and I was surprised how good it was. He can dish out so much damage with LS + CB w/ Ace Striker. The BSB will be alright for longer/specific fights. But the fact the SSB is instant and adds a high chance of Interrupt is also pretty good
Yes we have in the megathread. The wording of the event and the fact that articles and interviews have led to misinformation and incorrect wording, is what prompted people to ask support about this. Specially since the FAQ does not mention it. And we just had this happen last event: https://www.reddit.com/r/avengersacademygame/comments/5hp2lb/psa_no_boost_with_thor_costume_confirmation/
Well, keep in mind that they mention that some of the characters will only be able to fight during some of the bosses. So my advice would be to not shard attack/hp TOO MUCH. But a little. That's really the only way to get the cage/keys since you have to constantly beat the boss to get enough items. So probably get as much health/atk on your top 3 characters while also sending some characters to train and fight as much as you can till get either 10 keys (for the box) or you can keep going and try and get the cage.
always check the megathread first.
So much information missing
Thanks, I just heard back from them as well confirming this phew! They also said Winter Soldier and co will be upgradable as the event progresses
oh wow no America, and we getting medusa!?
that 6 &gt;3 cancel on &gt;2 combo is unmatched, my strange has a 200% dmg proc and the amount of times I get 100% on WBI due to killing the WBI boss in less than 2 secs is growing.
Everyone was looking for Malekith's head, never bothered to look under the floor
Mine is rank 2 since civil war so not sure, but can confirm that he isn't upgradable past that yet
In most cases you will get more out of LS, specially if you have some crit up or the enemy is weak to lightning. If you were fighting something with high defense and not weak to lightning, then CB might pull ahead
you gotta have something linked like your ios/play account or your facebook
You are not taking into account popularity and the willingness for people to buy into the characters though. Kate Bishop has quite a big fanbase, I myself have never really cared much for her, but she is undeniably popular and NM is bound to make more money having her as her own character. Riri is honestly a gamble because unlike Gwenpool who literally came to be due to her popularity, Riri is brand new to the Marvel Universe and she hasn't even had time to be fleshed out, so who knows how she will turn out as NM is likely going to have a lot of freedom in terms of her powers.
Because Kate Bishop is a popular character that people want to play as. By your logic, why would people shell out money to buy 750 shards and not just get it for free in 30 days at 25 shards a day. Kate also has different costumes, and is featured in her own comic for Marvel Now, so it's more likely that she will gain costumes as she goes by rather than having a "2nd kate bishop costume" for Clint
Full Charge, idk what i was on
Riri has some crazy looking skills, I'm pleasantly surprised!
If you like the Bio sub characters... then you get the bio sub. I'm sorry but it is that simple, they are creating content that people who pay a minimum premium can enjoy. The sub is not at all expensive and is a monthly optional thing that has no other benefits than giving you 20 bios a day. I just don't see "stacking" as an issue, because there's already ways to get around that. You can save up and get mega 6 tix and boom, 1 day and you have one of the sub characters at 6*. And again, if you wanted a character badly enough then you'd buy it. Buying the sub is no different. Also, the example you have about Carnage, he got lucky with his T2. Because Carnage was added before T2s were a thing, and before that while he was still good, he could not "beast through all modes". They are also taking their time now to remake characters and retune them, something that doesn't give them necessarily a profit. So instead of focusing on the "Oh, what if at some point I want a sub character but then there's too many", maybe focus on all the good stuff they are doing for the F2P characters. tl;dr: * If you want a sub character badly, you pay for it. * There's ways to get around waiting several months for several sub characters. So no real "stacking" issue. * They are retuning old characters and doing a lot of stuff that can be obtained for free. So releasing 1 thing a month for paid customers, shouldn't overshadow all the work being done "available for everyone for free"
She seems like an excellent 6* for shadowland, her T2 is essentially a damage boost but her survival isn't anything in the levels of Universals/Combat/Blasts so if you were expecting her to be the Speed OP, think again. Got lots of stun to stun lock. If I'd compare her to a character it would be Songbird since the strenght of the character falls in their CC abilities.
You can use selectors on her, so in a way she is a more farmable character than a bunch others. On top of that, if you don't even pay attention to her you will have her at 6* eventually. That's how I mysteriously got Cho to 6* without ever playing him lol
i guess you just don't read
Yea I know, I wanted Satanna to be Villain and then get a Hero costume. With Daimon being Hero but then a Villain costume, but alas they made them both heroes even tho Satanna's costume is akin to her Villain role
I T2'd her instantly since she was paywall and had a mega t2. Overall she doesn't even need the heal proc because she is inmune so much through her skills and her inmune buff. Her 5* is her biggest issue, it's such a LONG skill. I think dmg proc obelisk is a MUST for her, because her animations are long and the damage is good but not enough for the long animations. She is essentially a safer Yellowjacket with a bit less damage. Tested with 6* (some awakened iso's) with Hawkeye set (32% dmg) and everything else properly geared minus a custom gear. Easily came on top on WBI and CoOp and did Corvus fast as well, but yea the animations are far too long to not have a DMG proc gear to take advantage of.
the dmg proc I mean is the 1 time to increase dmg % since it works better on bursty skills and multi hit skills, which she has many
Yes, and it's actually better to do so since the skill isn't much dmg and the animation actually lasts 4 secs
