I'll just add a tid bit on, since most of the info has been covered: don't be afraid to copy and paste your answers into multiple questions. You will be asked similar questions in different areas. Don't try and be artistic with your words, just copy and paste that pedagogical theory and keep going.
This can be a ton Of fun! Take something you read this year and have students create a story board for a trailer for the film version. Make sure they go through an approval process with you, so there is a blue print, the text in each panel, and then they make the large version.
You can have them do the book they have just read, abridged. My kids loved Shakespeare abridged and said they would have liked to try to create Romeo and Juliet scenes that were only a few minutes long. Have them make scenery, sets, and bring "costumes". They can write a script. They have to boil it down to the essentials!
You shouldn't have a kitchen job on your teaching resume, unless you teach culinary. I never listed my Starbucks work, even in the beginning. It just didn't apply to teaching.
I told my kids to use their cornell notes we have been taking throughout all of this unit. I reminded them EVERY class! It was the only homework. Read and do cornell notes. The scores on the written portion are dismal. The only notes I see most kids have are those from the first day that we did together! If they do have notes, they wrote down story summaries and didn't look for the terms I told them to focus on. Sad sad sad. Typical for this time of year, but it SHOULDN'T be! The apathy kills me. Also, not listening to directions. I've told kids to plan outside of class for a poster they are assembling in class. NO ONE is bringing in pieces to assemble!
Improv comedy, Theater major, and my Masters thesis on digital citizenship in online gaming. I'm also 100% confident in what I say.
Interview vs. actual work wear
If I had stayed at the school I'd been at during the start of the year, I could see myself having left the profession. The place I started at mid semester reminded me that there are amazing staff, students, and admin out there.
Honestly, teaching has made me a coffee addict. I would love a gift card to a coffee place. Also, my students know I love games. I would dig on a gamestop gift card so hard. My favorite gift had to be a Christmas Bauble with all of the books we'd read that semester on it. I LOVE Christmas and it was so dang thoughtful.
Congrats! I'm i. The interview rounds again. Waiting to hear back from 4 schools! Been a while since the first 2 schools, but I called HR departments and they both said decisions were still being made. The other two were within the last few days. FINGERS CROSSED! I can only hope I find an amazing environment like the school I am finishing at this week.
That definitely helped!
Oooh home star! My old friend!
I see a lot of typical call outs on here, but not to the lovely platformers that made me want my PlayStation. Sly Cooper, Jak and Daxter, and Ratchet and Clank all have trilogies that are so worth it! Platforming fun with witty cartoons! Also the PS3 exclusive, Puppeteer! For RPGs, you must try Nier! I haven't finished, but it is absorbing! Ni No Kuni is another must have in this category.
Review, intro, practice, apply... I try to use this model when structuring a class. The best way to stay on point is setting a timer, at least for myself. Time management is a strong point for me, and my timer is the reason. I really want to get a large one for my class, one that I can stick to the wall.
What is a room mom?
Student (graduating senior): Why didn't you send me one of these cards? Do you not love me? Me: Of course I think you're wonderful, and I wish I could have more time to tell you if you'd just shown up to class. Class: OooooOoooOooo
Got a hug from this student on the last day. Real sweet heart.
At this point I don't think you're the teacher. You're a concerned friend of the mother's who is trying to help her son. When it gets to giving your number out and saying "I love you", I think you're actually not the teacher any longer I don't think it is wrong, by the way, but I think you need to realize that this is a friendship with the woman. I think she needs you as much as this kid does.
Amen. It is super weird when you're so close. I had a student say they saw me, but didn't say anything. That is always the craziest! I just hope I don't say anything weird that they overhear.
12 minutes? Is it all suburbs and stop signs?
Kids love the fantasize about our lives! My SO is a teacher as well, and his students used to think he HAD to be dating the secretary because they were the only two young people on the campus.
That's exactly how I felt this semester. It is so nice to be able to leave things on a Friday, because you know you can come in on a Saturday to right them.
How can they not have this in high school? Listen, I know I couldn't ever teach elementary, I just am not a fan of the formative teaching, the management at that level, and the tiny children minds, BUT there is no reason high school teachers should be left in the dust!
Same. She is too.
I love my talk radio!
All walking? That's too awesome!
Perfect time to listen to an audio book!
I do get worried when I'm buying beer about seeing students, but at least I teach HS, so they understand that teachers are of age.
Oof! My SO had someone at his school with this commute. It sounds crazy!
This would be pretty nice. Unfortunately my long commute had no train, since I live in the country.
Ugh! That's too bad.
I've had the pleasure of working at 4 schools in only 2 1/2 years of teaching. I have had admin that will sit with you, talk out issues, and offer you support. I've also had admin that pulled all my classes with no warning, and admin that didn't hire me, even though I was told I was fantastic. From my experience, the best admin I had was a principal at a charter who was also a teacher. He dealt with issues first hand and talked to parents BEFORE staff did, because he thought we needed to concentrate on our work and not the hot headedness of parents. It was pretty fabulous. Still... That admin did keep someone over me who was stubborn, self righteous, and had horrible people skills. Win some lose some.
I've heard within two days to two weeks! Time frame is wonky for schools. They are still figuring out numbers.
Echoing others with a sign and then tell attitude! As for your sub, I've done a long term stint for a pregnant woman before and she left me about 3 weeks of material, her syllabus, an outline of her procedures (English teacher, so how she wanted students to take notes, and so on), and then let me know what would come next. I think it is KEY that you have your sub establish YOUR procedures! That sub should be making your transition easier. I wholeheartedly recommend popping in after a few weeks to observe. Make sure the class is going how you like. Obviously teaching styles will vary, but you need to make sure your sub doesn't have wildly different expectations than you.
I've interviewed at about 7 places and 6 have gotten back to me, letting me know they are going with someone else. I'm a teacher with an English credential. I have 2 1/2 years experience, a Masters in Ed. (With a legit thesis that I did field research for), A theater degree (would ultimately love to teach it), and am confident and secure in my interviews. I'm told I'm great at interviewing! Apparently there are just a lot of individuals with more years, more precise experience, etc. etc. Unfortunately in this field they are not always just looking for an English teacher, they may need a coach too, or some other extra curricular, and it may not have that. It is more than the credential. I get that. I'm disheartened. It's only the beginning of the interview season, but I'm so exhausted. Being rejected again and again just kills your spirit. Also, I'm not interviewing for anything that is specifically ELD related. A bilingual school found my resume in their district's pile, and they wanted me to interview. I didn't apply for there, and I'm not taking the interview. I know I am not what those kids need. I taught ELD for the last year and I had zero passion for it. My classroom management suffered and I felt like a terrible teacher. I couldn't talk to all my students and I couldn't talk to most of the parents. I don't speak Spanish. It was a huge hindrance, and I'm not going to put myself through that again because I feel like it will make me lose the spirit to teach. I just hope this doesn't hurt my job prospects. I'm sad. I'm worried. My SO, who has less experience than me, got a job after two interviews. I feel like a bump on a log and dead weight.
Ummm... He's a certified therapist now in San Francisco. So I'd have to live in the city. I would probably be miserable.
I think if you are this stressed, you should only look to assist. That, or you can look for part time, though I don't know how you are off financially. I had a .8 for the second semester and honest to goodness I walk grateful for the lighter load. I also switched schools, which I think was a major necessity.
If I hit the alarm, I only do so once. Most times I just get up when the alarm rings. I honestly think that I was trained from a young age. My parents were morning people, so we all became morning children.
I've spoken to my brother, a teacher as well, and he has been on the hiring committee this year. Honestly there are so many factors you can't account for. At his school they were hiring for math, but they were also looking for someone who could coach. That wasn't stated in the interview, it was just a part of the feeding through of all the apps.
Adding to the narrative piece, I was contemplating what I could do that would be interactive, and I thought of this: Go over a brief plot chart to teach the arc of a story. Exposition, conflict, complication, climax, and resolution. Then you stand in a circle and do One Sentence or One Word story. It's a favorite improv game of mine. Each person can say one sentence or one word (one word is harder) to add to the story. You could give starters for each part, to show students structure. It's like a live action mad lib of sorts. No mess, no fuss, and it gets kids up and moving!
That is pretty great too. Having someone transcribe the story would be cool.
That's how my SO got hired. He is a teacher at a middle school next year. Doesn't know grades, or if they may want him to do an elective!
That would be an interesting interview process to see, the police side.
I find that it is important here what you bring from all aspects of your life. I find a lot of jobs I had before this never cared what I did with my spare time. In my teaching interviews, this tells them what clubs I could run and how I might assist in extracurriculars. The music I like might be what I play in my classroom and set the tone of my class.
Oh wow, I don't know how I'd handle someone telling me I'm a babysitter! I think something that has been hard to discuss with friends is why you might find a Math teacher in your English teacher interview. Cross curricular stuff is always mind blowing to them, but also who has clout at a school and weighs in on the decisions.
That's really interesting. I never knew so much went into police officer hiring.
What state are you in? I'm in CA, Bay Area.
Oh cool! I'm north bay. Napa, Sonoma, Marin, etc. well I'm glad the interview process for you doesn't feel different from others. Maybe schools I'm interviewing at are just more touchy feely or something!
So much respect for you! I taught ELD this year and WOW! I definitely think that needs to be reclassified as a World Language position. I worked with some of the Spanish teachers to so my best.
I've never had anyone ask me about testing in an interview. I'm secondary, so testing has been wonky lately, but it has never been recommended to me to put anything like that out there, nor has it shown up in any questioning. I mean, if this IS something your district asks questions about, I think you have a solid answer. You helped raise scores. Simple as that.
Totally with you on this. What I try to do is just take mental note of kids in sports, the play, or other functions. If you have these things marked somewhere, you can start class off asking about these events, or you can just ask the student how things went. This goes a long way, if you're someone with a long commute or a family of your own to go home to.
Congrats! I definitely think walking in too confident many have bit me in the rear... But here's to hoping an interview. I have next week will go well!
I've done that two times, and both times they said "When we have it up on Edjoin..." Or "Thank you for your interest, but you need to apply through Edjoin..." I feel like more of a nuisance when I tried to reach out that way.
Percy Jackson is fabulous. Get it. Love it. Mythology it up!
The only time I was upset at a student for doing this was when he went ahead four pages, didn't read any directions, and did ALL THE WORK WRONG!
This even happened right before finals. I was baffled.
I always chime in with "There are things in life you might lie about, but this is a terrible moment to try. You will get nothing out of this."
You are usually guaranteed an ELD question in California, so I usually have to talk about my modifying. I should totally bring one of my essay structures for them to view! Thanks OP!
In a situation like that, I would honestly look for another school to teach at. I had a similar reaction to a solid classroom management plan, and without admin support I got the heck out of there.
I'd say if you don't like it now, don't watch it. I enjoyed it straight away. It's like a Saturday morning cartoon and it gives me the feels when. I least expect it!
Love your code. I was accused of disliking a student by his father. I called the kid in that day and told him what his father had told me. The kid laughed and said that my class was just more work than he'd anticipated. Good job dad, throwing your kid and me under the bus.
It is never okay. Incidentally, I round up with my grades if a student is that close, but I don't discriminate on this either. Still, it is my choice as a teacher, not a demand of my students.
You should check in. I am so dang forgetful this time of year, as is admin.
California, North Bay. Housing is moderate, depending on where you're at. Marin county and toward SF is ridiculous, but you can find housing for a decent price if you don't mind going more rural. I teach English and it is damn competitive. Science and Math are yearned for everywhere! If you like it more rural, I strongly suggest looking at Sonoma County. My SO got an English position at a middle school with one year of experience, I'm still looking with 2 and a Masters, but fingers crossed! Pay varies... Some districts start at 35k, others start at 65k in Marin! Pretty crazy and varied. Also, I lived in San Luis Obispo county and my brother teaches there. Housing isn't too bad. Pay is pretty low. Still, beautiful place, and if you're willing to be in the rural towns around SLO, you can live just fine.
I do this with "Ask 3 before you Ask Me!" I'm trying to be more diligent with it though. I want to ask students who they have asked for help, and then see if the helper was actually asked... Etc.
You will have to do individual calling and tie participation points in. I have to do it with every class I teach, and after a few months they tend to respond on their own.
If your kids can't even read at grade level, you need to be focusing on that. It almost sounds like you need different groups of students in class. Assess half for the PLC data, and half for simple fluency. I know this is hard, but I felt like this was what I needed to do in my ELD classes. I hope you can convince your admin of the fluency focus.
I've thought about this before, and honestly I think you just have to be aware of what you are writing and be willing to stand behind it. Is it the kind of work that would jeopardize your position? Is it racist? Sexist? Hardcore sexual?
You definitely should grab the security camera for the wall, and maybe get really weird with having a spaceman Sam down there with the axes.
All of them are repetitive. Whether it is running through the same place for the umpteenth time in FL, picking up the same ingredients in RL, or farming your crops in SOS. It's really a matter of what kind of repetitive you're okay with. I've played all and the only one I put down after a week was RL. Honestly I feel like it tries to do EVERYTHING, but is average on all. It wasn't compelling to me. FL is like a cartoon Skyrim. I loved it. I ended up returning it before I finished because of the repetition. I just got tired of beating up animals. It will last you quite a while though! I sunk 82 hours into it. SOS is what I'm currently playing (between my upkeep in Animal Crossing). I have to say I adore this game. While it may be repetitive, I harvest and grow something new. I can change the way my farm looks. I can make furniture, and I hear there is clothing and so much more! I'm just focusing on main ting the farm right now, but I hear interactions with villagers can be beneficial. I only don't do much with them because I need to sell everything, at the moment, to make enough money for blueprints, recipes, and materials. If you enjoy Harvest. Moon, you will love this. All in all, I think Rune Life is at the bottom. I think you're better off getting FL is you want cartoon Skyrim, and SOS if you want Animal Crossing with more farming.
Scummy to trade it in? I didn't, like, return it to the store. I traded it in for credit at GameStop.
This is what AVID does, and it can work. What I suggest is making a cabinet space that is for your students, with folders for each. They can put completed work in here. You may want to make a box for each tab. This way, students can still access their work, but they're not carrying around extraneous work. Think about what students really NEED to take home. Are journals always done in class? Then leave those in the room at the end of the day.
Seconding SOS! It is good! I didn't dig on RF like others seem to.
Professor Layton is pretty great! There are tons of extra puzzles even after you've finished the game.
The department I was in second semester of this year did folders In Class for students. It was only for their major works, but I had my ELD students use this for ANYTHING, because they were so poor at remembering their work. It turned out really well!
Man, I wish someone would ask me a fun question! What flavor of jelly bean would I be?!
Totally normal. I'm on the hunt to and fighting some beginnings of depression. My SO is amazing while this is happening. He was offered a job, I'm still looking. Also, not seeing these kids again is heartbreaking, but I've had to experience this before, so I know it will be amazing wherever I land next year.
I have 2 1/2 years certified experience and a Masters. That has happened to me in all 6 interviews this season. It is what it is. There is still July and August, which both get a rush of open jobs. I ended up looking at a place an hour away into the country. I grew up rural and I would love it. Fingers crossed the "experienced" ones want nothing to do with it.
This is a crazy amount of work for a second year teacher. Use your summer for solid planning. Don't be afraid to use the internet for pre made lessons. Don't be upset if some days are read-book-answer-questions days. They may be boring, but if the content is there, it is just fine. Use your energy to class manage and let your passion shine through.
A lot of competition here in the North Bay Area in California. Gorgeous area, and pay in Marin county is awesome! Pay isn't amazing in Sonoma county, but it's comfortable and relaxed. A lot of Southern CA people want to move up here. Everyone I've interviewed with has said I do a great job. I just have charter AND traditional exp., so I don't have my years in ONE type of school. I also have taught a variety of classes, never teaching the same thing twice.
I don't know what jives with the schools I interview at, but all of them seem to enjoy me. I must not have some factor they want. No idea! My head from this last semester told me that you just never can know exactly what that factor is. You have to hope you have it.
I always wish they'd tell me what they were really looking for. It's not just a teacher for a specific subject. They may want a teacher who can take up a certain club, or coach, or run an extra curricular. They don't often say any of that in the interview because they're somehow tied to a certain set of questions. At least they are in standard public schools. I love interviewing at charters because they DO ask these questions!
There is definitely a huge factor in who you know. Sadly this has only worked for me once. Other times it did nothing. One time, I think it was because the person I knew was a bit of a radical in education. FANTASTIC person, but I think the committee was scared about me being a radical too (I can be, no lie). Second time I feel like the Super was in on the decision or something. Someone who didn't know me. Despite my multiple connections at the school, ranging through different departments, library, special Ed, bilingual... None of it seemed to matter. It seemed like they were being TOO objective, which sounds a little conceited, but it was BEYOND frustrating (especially after everyone I spoke with at the school was shocked). Third time, I didn't even get a call up to interview, despite glowing reviews from a couple years prior when I was a long term sub. Sad, but a couple years created too much distance. Had this at multiple schools. It's strange, because when I write it down I seriously doubt myself and think something may be wrong with me, but I get appreciative responses during and after my interviews, complimenting my composure and intelligence. It's just that damn extra experience KILLING ME!
Yeah, it just continues throughout the summer. I'm in your boat. Do you use Edjoin? They have dates posted for closing, so that gives you a good date to START being anxious. Although, one place I interviewed with hasn't gotten back to me after I even contacted HR, which makes me think they are still figuring out their positions. Something to understand is schools are also in the middle of numbers right now. Students are still being assigned, transferred, etc. That is one reason random jobs crop up throughout the summer. Suddenly they switch class sizes, realize they can hire someone new, and so on.
Rick Dee would be in my tape recordings, because I always recorded during the top 40.
Disposable cameras. They were pretty fun to take to school, but someone was bound to take it out of your backpack and take a weird picture, but you would NEVER KNOW until you took it to be developed.
Filled up half my backpack with my Sega Gamegear. Plugged it in during class, and there was no way to be sly about it. Went through stupid amounts of batteries to play it.
4 different schools. It has been a hell of a beginning to my career. Also my Masters usually intrigues them. I did an ethnographic study on digital citizenship in online gaming. But sometimes I wonder if it might hurt me because I am more expensive.
I agree it looks totally cute, but it doesn't look like you even "compete" in challenges. It looks like a Sorry! Style board. I got Mario Party and was sorely disappointed in how long it took to get to a dang mini game. If this is the same, I sadly will not purchase.
Way cooler than. I thought! I'm actually excited for it now!
Can I just say, it was so nice to read this. I'm currently in the position of 6 interviews, no job. Luckily only one hasn't gotten back to me. Rave reviews, but it only have 2 1/2 year experience. It's competitive. It's just really nice to know when others go through this. You gave me a little boost, involuntarily!
The top commenter is spot on. I spent far too long utterly depressed and saddened when this happened to me this year. Same exact position as you. Two jobs, yet they didn't choose me for either. I will say though that I felt it was in the bag, and so I didn't hit as hard as I usually do on my questions. I've been burned a bit in this career with only a couple years on me. Don't trust anyone if they say you have "got it" for the job. People say things, but they forget they have more interviews, or they're just trying to be exceedingly polite. You have to move past that. You'll find the school that fits.
I have to say that the kind of interview you went through needs to be the kind more schools do. I honestly believe the starched shirt, royal table where you sit at the head and are looked upon by the panel, and the questions they NEVER divert from, are the interview tactics that cause administrators to hire people who they will lose. There is no intimacy in that process. People don't really get to know you! I'm happy you managed to land something with REAL people!
This looks like a great game! I'm really freaking excited for it now!
I'm definitely excited for HHD! I saw some more game play on this sub and I'm so stoked to get new furniture, fill a request that is more than "I want some fruit", and to get amiibo cards that I can use to have animals move in! I'm guessing there will be furniture you can "unlock" as well. This is just super exciting! The amiibo party game I am on the fence about. I got Mario Party and, after a month with it, was disappointed. Honestly, I think the mini game on Nintendo Land was FANTASTIC, and I would love to see an AC party game with more games like that, or like the island games. I hope it is more than random chance rolling.
I landed a summer gig at GameStop and was pretty excited, as were they! I'm a girl, and I was the only other one there besides the ASM. The pay was awful. I was never guaranteed hours. I barely made gas/food money. It was insane. The ASM was sad to see me go, but I couldn't work at a place that wouldn't put me on a schedule for a solid week.
You should take it. You're worried now about the commute and charters, but you have yet to talk with these people. You may find that you really click with the school and you can hack the commute. I'm going to be doing and interview as a school over an hour away as well, but damn if I didn't love chatting with the principal on the phone. It's a charter, and I've worked in one before and I miss it. I miss the freedom, the smaller class sizes, and the intimacy of the staff.
I didn't think about using an adapter to the surge protector! Would using a power adapter for a phone work?
So jealous! I wish I could just throw on a shirt and forget a bra in the world. That doesn't work for the Ds.
I'll report back tomorrow to let you know if it works! Thank you so much for the suggestion!
This! It was just too predictable, and not in a satisfying way. The atmosphere was cool at first, and then it just felt drawn out. I left feeling un satisfied.
I can't wait to be at a school for longer than a semester, or a year, and witness this. I still love the transformation. Even within a few months.
Agreed. It's a stock letter. Be happy you got one! So often no one will bother even letting you know what happened.
These are my one sided car conversation days. I have a conversation on my drive with the offender. Learned it in therapy. It is remarkably helpful.
Book of my childhood. I don't know how many times I read it.
The book is so much freakier. There is no boy there to befriend. This girl is all alone.
Eragon was such a bad movie! My brother and I went and saw it and almost walked out! but we'd paid, so we had to see it through. Ugh.
Fatal Frame! SWEET LORD YES,
I taught ELD this year and my Hispanic kids have much smaller boundaries when speaking to you, the distance you stand apart. It was strange, but I became cool with it. Girls or boys, they were just really family oriented and always wanted to share food, shake hands, all that. One day one of the boys who had just turned 18 told me I had beautiful hair and reached out and touched it. I gave him a very firm warning about sexual harassment. My SO, a male teacher, was flabbergasted at the story, thinking I went too far. My fellow ELD teachers, all women, told me that DAMN RIGHT I needed to make that clear.
At least you broke down at home. Two break downs this year, in class. Two different schools. Both ELD classes with massive amounts of failing students who treated me poorly and couldn't care less about learning. Deep breath. If you have a job next year, be happy about that. Some of us have shitty years and have to spend summer in application and interview mode. The shit just never ends. Take time to do something that you LOVE! If it's education, then throw down a sweet lesson plan that has a bomb final product that you will be stoked to do next year. For me, video games are awesome. I've sunk far too many hours in my 3DS XL this summer, but dang if I don't love it.
I took a year away starting my Masters. It helped me realize what I really want to teach students. A year to reflect and regroup is important.
Depends on where you live in the Bay Area. Living in SF can be ridiculously expensive, but living outside and commuting in is more reasonable. You'd definitely need to live with someone though. If you are Science, there are definitely positions open in the North Bay, where I live! It is a great place to be and affordable. Sonoma/Napa/Marin
Mmmmmm rural life! I can't convince my SO to go that rural. I grew up in a town of 1200 people, so I would LOVE to be rural again.
I feel privileged being able to roll down the street to a market, or the movies, or anything! My brain still plans like I'm rural though. I'll think "Damn, going to see a movie, well there goes my day!" And then I get out and I'm like, holy smokes, I'm only a few minutes from home!
I buy most things at Costco, since I'm in that mindset as well. I only have a one bedroom. There are only so many places you can put that much toilet paper. Consequently, I now understand why places I've rented where I am now don't have MASSIVE pantries. I just grew up with a stock of canned food because of the 1 hour store journey.
Imagine teaching that all year. That's how my experience in ELD has primarily been this year. Most of my students are ignored in their others classes, so they think they can not pay attention and will be ignored by me as well. With only 14 (I had the same number, actually only 5 in one class) they can't hide, and they get upset at you for paying attention to them. I was cursed at, I cried, I broke down IN class. I feel you. Take the advice of creating a basic classroom, militaristic almost. We sit here, we open our books, we read aloud, we answer questions, etc. When it got really bad, I wrote ours class rules on a large piece of paper and we started the class off by saying them. Every. Day. When kids would act up, I had desks that faced the back and extra packets. Offenders sat, facing the wall, working on the packet. If they continued to disrupt or be disrespectful, then you can send them out to the office WITH a packet and a referral. That looks much better to admin, and gives you accountability for their work. Don't be soft. Demand respect. When a student does not give it, have clear consequences. Focus on the ones who WANT to pass, not the ones who will repeat again.
It was this way when I started watching months ago. I could NOT handle the ads though. It is so cheap, so why not pay?
I absolutely loved Hunter X Hunter! Yet, I have read your complaints throughout the thread, and I don't think it's the show for you. The aura is explained in more detail much further into the show, but the "randomness" of people is not. It simply is, and you accept it. You appear to want something based further in reality, and Hunter X Hunter is not that.
I only played a little of a game cube one, so this is my first real delving into a HM game. I am LOVING it!
Go explore. California will always need good ESL teachers (I know, I was one this year and I know I won't want to do it in the future), so go abroad. Honestly, I think it makes you an incredibly viable candidate if you are versed in other cultures as an ESL teacher.
I really enjoyed doing my research during my thesis, and I think I would love to do home more of that as well. I'm not even sure how you do that professionally! When you decide to return to the classroom, I recommend looking toward small school, charters, or small towns. There is seriously a fabulous amount of freedom in those areas, and they are much more personable. You won't find that in big cities, or at least not as often. I'm set to interview at a place that is an hour and twenty minutes away, but it's small, only 140 kids, 6-12, and dang if it wasn't the nicest conversation I had on the phone to set up the meeting. It sounds like they are the sort excited to think outside the box, hear new ideas, and incorporate the arts in their classes. If I snag this, I will have a long commute, but I will enjoy teaching so much! Give and take.
You don't have to have an English degree to teach English in California. I have a theater degree and went into the English program. I know people who were communications, psychology... All sorts. You need to take a couple tests, but you can study for those without English courses. I did. Honestly I think NOT being an English major was a blessing. Theater gives me a different perspective. I thought of getting a philosophy minor. Those classes are super interesting! It think they will really enhance your interpretation and analysis of language. Don't listen to the downer of people saying philosophy is useless. I heard that about theater as well. It's a passion of mine and it aids me in so many interpersonal ways. As long as you are PASSIONATE about philosophy, do it. If you're not, continue shopping around during your undergrad. Any BA or BS is sufficient to go into a credential program in CA.
I absolutely love reading to kids and teaching them to have confidence in spoken word!
I pay monthly and use Wii U as my primary anime watching device. LOVE IT!
Yes, follow the others! Last school I was at, I knew the first names of my staff, but not the last! Another school I was at, the principal insisted we say Mr./Ms. In front of the kids because he wanted them to "learn manners".
Glasses at 10, Sinus drip all my life, braces for a few years, AMAZING metabolism that shut off my senior year of college, pigeon toed (and basically bow legged)...
I spoke to an amazing art teacher who was here, in California, this year. She'd been teaching for ages, but suddenly she was having to be watched by a California credentialed teacher... Why? Well apparently they didn't think she'd had sufficient student teaching experience. She tried contacting her university, but most of her professors were dead, and her files were on print in some warehouse, god knows where! So my advice is, make sure you have official documents of all courses taken and what was entailed for each course (course descriptions).
Thank you! I also taught ELD this year, so I've had 9-12 graders mixed together all year. The grouping stuff is definitely key!
The student teaching should be fine, they just need to know that you did it. This is the California website: http://www.ctc.ca.gov/ Hopefully you can find pertinent info there, or you can find someone to contact.
You said rural, so I'm wondering if just clean, nice, dark colored jeans and a camisole with a cardigan would work? I work in small town atmospheres and always wear jeans. I've never been told that I'm unprofessional, because in rural areas, jeans are fine and dandy!
I name mine after Shakespearian characters.
There could be a variety of reasons: 1) it's summer vacation. They aren't checking anything until the deadline to apply is up. 2) you look great on paper, but people with "more experience" are getting in (I'm having this issue after the interviews and have likewise been told my resume is on retainer for anything else that pops up). 3) HR is going through paperwork and the principal isn't in on the initial step. Or it's the assistant principal. 4) did I mention it's summer vacation?
Loved restarting mine! Just finished my cafe. It feels better already, though I think I'm going to redo trees AGAIN.
I feel like a few jobs are being posted every week. I'm in CA. The positions close in July though, so the calls probably won't be coming until after the 4th. There are still jobs out there!
I worked in a school that did PBL school wide, cross grade, all subjects together. Actually, we didn't really have subjects. For one semester the students get the big question, they pick a sub question that answers a PART of that question, and then make even more questions that will help answer their sub question. It was pretty crazy, but a natural way to learn. It was like a giant research project. Kids used the internet, they gathered research, divided up work, created an outline, and then would use their research to create some sort of presentation. I noticed math was the most difficult to incorporate in this model. I think the place needed a teacher who really knew the ins and outs of math in real world settings. Also, the school would have benefited from more thought out workshops on math, or writing skills. Still, it was a fabulous experience and it has really shaped my approach toward inquiry. The biggest issue I saw was a lack of backwards planning, or very scant outlines of what we would accomplish. It was difficult to get a whole group to plan out a semester, because that's what we really needed! What I would suggest is making sure you really map it out. Do a basic outline with the benchmarks you want to hit and then think of the day to day necessary lessons that will guide students toward those benchmarks. The better you plan, the more flexible you can be. For math, if you can think of a real world scenario, or tangible product, that students man make, THAT will be gold for PBL. Kids need a strong end goal for PBL, and you want it to be something that you can always point to as being useful and relevant. Without that, students will become disinterested.
I don't know anything that is set up for this, but I would recommend Cosmos Latinos for short Sci Fi stories. Amazing stuff!
Echoing the massive amount of Nos on here. I'm credentialed in English, and in CA that means you're capable of teaching the ESL/ELD classes. Took that on this year. Will never do that again. It is hard as hell, but I'm not applying to any jobs for it. Not knowing the native language of my students and not being explicitly trained in language building blocks made me feel inept. Get out while you can and love education.
I have two resignations and was only asked ONCE, last year, about my departure. I'm in north bay area, CA. I don't think the employers here care to discuss it, because it is so common in early teaching years in this area.
No one has mentioned **El** **Shadai** yet. Amazing controls, weird game. Super religious. You fight angels.
Have you built more houses all the way up? Not just yours, but the other three you can move in?
Hanabi. Small, simple, and colorful! Zooloretto. Cute, simple, hooray Zoos!
Thank you for going to Sam and Max! I was going crazy reading this thing without a mention of it. I think you're right, we need puzzles back. I want to feel like I'm DOING something! In S&amp;M, I felt like I had to really work out what was next, or how I could proceed. In the latest games, I feel like there is no interactivity. I could just as easily read a graphic novel.
First, someone on here said you are fitting kids into "one size", but disregard that. You are a middle school teacher who is probably introducing her students to note taking for the first time! You are teaching them a style, much like English teachers map out essays in early grades to teach a format. Second, I highly recommend coming up with 3-4 symbols or acronyms for important ideas or notations for the left side. I'm an English teacher, so I ask my students to give me Qs (questions) BWQs(Big World Question, asking something to connect this beyond the classroom), I/T (Ideas/Themes), and an * for Definitions of words. This way they label their notes uniformly, and you can have students look at each others work and be able to comment on it.
This is adorable! My favorite use of Dino minis so far.
It is so frustrating how many interviews I've had where they say they CANT DETER from the Qs, and will repeat if necessary. I'm a teacher in interview season right now. For a job that involves you being empathetic, there is little that goes around during interview season.
Overseas sounds interesting, but I have a significant other.
Also grew up in a small town in the woods. There was a random little cabin I always passed by on the road. When Blair Witch came out, I never walked near that cabin again.
Yep. CA here, and they have to put it on Edjoin. I've done the sending my resume before, but I'm always directed to Edjoin.
Remember, it is almost 4th of July! People are on vacation, so you should be too! As others stated, come after the 4th, you will see another bout of postings. Then silence.... Then another in August. If it's any consolation, I got my foot in the door for 7 interviews, but I was beat out by more experience in all of them. It is freakin ROUGH! I thought having 2 1/2 years would help me, but I think it's only helping me in GETTING the interview, not solidifying the position. Currently, I'm waiting on a couple apps that I sent in that don't close until around the 4th of July, so I'm a sitting duck as well. I've seen a couple .4s and a .6, but I'm with you on waiting a bit. I did my calculations and, unfortunately, I can't live on a .6. I've too many dang bills to pay.
Sounds like she would want RF4, or even Story of Seasons. I loved Fantasy Life, but if she wants to make relationships with people and put stuff in her house that is interactive, do RF4. FL house stuff is just aesthetic.
Yep. The only time I've turned it off is when it ran out of battery. Well, then I guess it did it itself.
Exactly! Verbal is not binding. Be courteous if your find something else.
FS only applies to the first room? Also, this looks awesome. BTW, how did you get Cyrus to change the color? I can only get him to change the pattern on my modern wood furniture... Or is that because it's wood?
Applied for multiple jobs in the district I taught in this last semester and also received nothing. Lots of praise, but beat out by more experience. I understand being disheartened! 7 interviews, all beat out by more experience. I have 2 1/2 years of teaching and a Masters in Ed. Stay strong! We still have a couple months of prime job grabbing time. I'm trying to distract myself with a couple of applications that I won't hear back about until after the 4th. Fireworks and family will take my mind off things!
Exemplary portfolio for BTSA that is used as an example document for other teachers in California who have to endure the mind numbing paperwork!
I teach an "English" support class. I use quotes, because it is really directed studies for kids that probably don't qualify for that sort of SPED course. My students are typically failing multiple classes and it ends up turning into a directed study hall, and I just happen to be an English teacher who can help them with their writing.
I absolutely love linking in Tales of Xillia. This is my first Tales venture, and I'm digging it. While it is easy to be overpowered, since I love collecting things and I've upgraded my shops higher than where I am (I'm collecting armor in treasure chests that is 2-3 times lower than what I'm wearing), I thoroughly enjoy going into my over drive phase and chaining rates between Milla and Jude. Wrecking shop has never been so fun.
It was literally the only job I could get around my area, and I still commute 45 mins. to 1 hr. and 15 mins., depending on traffic. They all think I'm doing a great job, but I think it's because I'm a good "yes man". That's what the support class feels like it asks me to be. So, I'm not offended, just frustrated.
Yes. You are teaching phonics. Will they know every word they say? If they are low, probably not, but that doesn't mean it isn't helpful. Hearing and speaking words are two parts of the equation. Having a lexicon, with definitions, and understanding syntax are different. Both are important, but you don't always learn it all at once.
Came here to agree with Haunted. Her butt. He ate her BUTT
Watching this right now and loving the balance! Also, having unexpected characters that veer away from the typical, like a drunk woman wizard. Looooove it
You lose that awesome map capability with Pikmin 3 as well! Such a pain switching back and fo
Definitely give this a shot! If you ENJOY the mindless grind, but want something that has a great atmosphere, this is it. I didn't even finish it, because I became so obsessed with switching between jobs and just grinding them out. I still had crazy fun. There is also DLC for this if you end up loving it, and I hear it is worth it.
A school counselor should NOT tell you to stop complaining. If they do, they are being a poor counselor. These people are experts who are trained to help you with your anxiety. They WANT to help you, so utilize whoever is on your campus! I'm a teacher that works closely with my ninth grade counselor, because I teach a support class with students who are failing multiple, if not all, subjects. She wishes more students took advantage of having her there to listen and help.
Same! I'm guessing my final battle in Xillia wouldn't have had to take 15 mins if I had used mystic arts. I didn't get it though! Still don't. Also, I'm not sure how to switch between characters to chain arts. Switching characters in general, during battle, confusing.
Sharing a room can be super hard. Are there other factors at the school making you want to leave?
Not being able to be a member of the community is pretty hard. I'm actually stepping out of some nature I did last semester because I realized the time I was taking at school was taking a toll on my health. So, yes, take time for yourself! Do what is best for you!
I have stuff on my computer (on iPad now) but mostly I take things from online. Look up a book and then try "unit plan" after. It is easy to find unit plans that are done well on classic literature. Using them can help you create curriculum for new texts.
I teach ERWC, a curriculum in CA designed for seniors to be successful at CSUs. Right now we are doing a multi genre project where they will find a topic of interest and express this interest through five styles of writing. Text is a fluid notion, so we are discussing how ANYTHING that has words/must be "read" can be a text. Currently I'm having students bring in texts and I'm putting them all over the class. Magazine ads, sheet music, poetry, buzz feeds... I'm hoping they start to bring images, instruction manuals, etc. I'm also going to have them tell a story through their portfolio. They will write an intro to their project, much like an artist statement, explain the purpose of their work. They seem stoked.
It is strange, but I feel like a class really starts to listen when I've been human, just as you have. I run support classes as well, with ninth graders, and we have community circles with a counselor. I've cried, they have cried, and even on their bad days, we still respect each other. My seniors I have cried in front of and the response is equally respectful. I get migraine, and one day I feared up in front of seniors because the pain was excruciating and I was just making it through. Five of them gave me hugs! I think the notion of being a robot is archaic. People don't reflect until they see that what they are doing is causing someone pain. I hope your kids remember this and, even on the bad days, at least say they are sorry.
Grain of salt. The only students who post there are the dissatisfied ones. I actually had a review about my audacity to encourage creativity in the English classroom.
Once again, as others have said, this will not count against you in any letter of rec. Additionally, my SO is a middle school ELA teacher with ADHD and he is beloved by children.
Charter schools are a good call. Private schools too. Look into those.
Individual comments go much farther. I run an intervention style class, and what students tell me is that they would love for a teacher to acknowledge their hard work, ask about their day, etc., but they like this one on one far more than as a class. Students have a "persona" to keep after all. If you want students to know you care, pick a few every week that you make a point of noticing before/after class. Give a call home about how AWESOME he/she is.
I'm on my fifth school in four years. You'll find your place. I'm still finding mine.
As a teacher, was told my class was supposed To be an easy A. After their child was failing miserably. Also had a parent show up, unannounced, in a cop uniform, at 7:30am, to "discuss" how I clearly disliked his son and ga vet him a poor grade.
What do you mean by one and done? Like one year and you were out? I feel that the area I'm in tends to wash and rinse new teachers, easily replacing them with older teachers before the new teacher becomes permanent. Also, 3 of those positions were temporary (including now). 1 other me and the principal came to a consensus about me not fitting in the team (small school with all teachers teaching together), so I got a great reference from him, even though I wasn't hired back. The other school was my only sour spot, being pulled from courses halfway through due to them wanting to go in a different direction with a NEW course they gave me 3 months to perfect... (A tad bitter). I left there halfway through, with support from staff to break contract, no questions asked. I'll be looking again, since the position I received is 45min to one hour away and teaching primarily support (failing students, massive focus issues, motivation issues), both factors that unfortunately override the lovely people who constitute the staff. Also, again, it is primarily a temporary position, and I won't put my eggs in the basket of a temp position. I have, twice, and been SORELY disappointed (either nothing was available, or they hired people with more years on me, despite staff thinking I rocked). It's not hard to get a position. I've had tons of interviews and gotten into top choices. I get a position every year. It's just that stuff is temporary.
Im sorry, but it is unfortunately true that admin is able to end your career for a solid year if you back out. I have been fortunate enough to NOT have that happen since both I and admin agreed I could leave for another position last year. The hard truth is that most of the beginning teacher jobs are with the toughest students. I want to be a theater teacher, but the few and far between positions I've applied to around my area want someone with more experience. So what have I taught? ELD and support English, basically classes where you work with the toughest populations, mostly failing students with massive language barriers. Do I want to teach that? No. Do I cry some days because students won't stop talking, poking, prodding, and testing my patience with their unmedicated focus issues that are overemphasized due to all being clumped together in one room with a teacher who is NOT SPED? Yes. But I pick myself up, because next year I'll apply to more positions and hope that I now have enough experience to be "qualified" for standard English courses and/or theater. If she wants to remain in public Ed, forcing the school's hand could get her blacklisted in your area for a couple years. I recommend looking into opportunities for PD that could help her with managing these students. If it is a case of lacking qualification and they need someone who can handle violent kids, she NEEDS to talk to her union rep and explain the unsafe work environment. That's a safety concern!
I have struggled with acne my whole life. I was on acutane in college. It is FAR better, but I constantly have one zit somewhere. I also don't wear makeup or I would just break out further. My pores hate anything that touches them. In the end, don't even care!
I think Nier was only mentioned once, and I want to promote it. I haven't finished it, but I really enjoyed what I started! Great dialogue and story. Folklore was also mentioned once, and you really should give it a try if you are interested in old PS3 games. Has a cool comic book cut scene style.
Do what you know is going to make you more satisfied, not what others believe is "best". Don't settle for what everyone THINKS you're good at, choose your job based on what makes you want to get up and go each day. I've been trying to pursue teaching and I want to find a school that is a reasonable distance from home that I can attend my students' events and be a part of the community. Additionally, though I work well with disadvantaged students, it is not where I am finding joy. It stresses me out and wears on my patience, making me feel downhearted. I truly believe that because I've been teaching in classes of students who have focus issues (and I mean, 9 kids with focus issues TOGETHER), I've been absorbing their focus problems and am unable to enjoy relaxing and focusing on ONE task. I don't like it. It is changing me in ways that make me feel I cannot enjoy life as I want. Therefore, I'm searching for another teaching position next year. I know my staff likes me. I know my students like me. I know I'm doing a good job supporting failing students. I want something else though! I don't want to drive 45 min/1 hour to work. I don't want to sigh during the day and PRAY I don't have to kick a kid, or 3, out of one class. I want to help students, but I need balance. I need something that works, and I'm not afraid to tell my family, my friends, or ask coworkers for letters of rec to help me in my pursuit, because it is what I want, not what THEY want.
Dixit or Story Cubes! Great medium in which to get kids telling stories. Also, I love having kids do one line/one word story in a circle and having to actually RELAY the story at the end to another group. Stories get crazy.
Just echoing, find a new place or cut the hours down. I'm finding a new place next year because I spend a couple hours in commit. It makes my days even longer, with the early time I come in to do extra grading, etc.
I always catch them to a point where they catch themselves, which is what they need. I'm an ELA teacher, so regardless if it is ninth or twelfth grade, students need to understand audience. I'm also a support teacher with my ninth graders. These are kids who rag on themselves and others quite a bit. In that class, I don't let them say that they, or anyone else, "sucks" or is "stupid". We say that people are "frustrating" due to their demanding rigor, or you think that a person is "not making wise decisions". When you teach and enforce academic discourse, students learn it.
Online gaming Other geeky friends I have, have MORE geeky friends, so we meet at geeky things like D&amp;D, Magic tournaments, and board game nights But I should mention I'm a thirty year old woman and I feel like I only meet men at these things. I have a handful of women friends, and I don't really hang out with them. Also, I'm a teacher, and coworkers are cool. I've been at a new school every year, for the past four years, since I started, so I'm always meeting new teachers.
One of my favorite college professors said to do this. I listen to both extremes on the radio to this day. I think when you hear both sides, you start to see the middle ground.
I'm going to postulate your grades are lower than expected because you attempt to multitask when that idea is actually a fallacy. What you are doing is refocusing yourself on various tasks and not fully letting your mind sink into one for long enough to devote your max critical thinking. You don't notice it, but it is probably dwindling your productivity bit by bit. I see this out of my best students. At a school with a tech focus, I allow phones in most classes (save my behaviorally challenged ones). I only keep devices if I see they are massively distracting, otherwise it is not worth my effort. As a high school teacher, I expect students to exert agency in handling their personal belongings.
I am hyped for BD2, but I have to agree that I hope there is not the length padding. I didn't actually play through to the end of BD due to it feeling horribly repetitive with little discovery, once you get into "replay, but harder!" Mode. I'm not a New Game+ kind of player, and I felt BD Forced me to play that. I looked up the ending online.
I am happy to be a union teacher and ultimately know that grading is my choice, not my district's. I'm sorry you appear to have to bow to your school. Suggestions are fine, but when you are taken advantage of, it is terrible. See if you can just do 50%, as others have suggested. It will save you a headache.
Any time a tragic male character has hair completely block their eyes
Nothing at the school I worked at, but the college I was at definitely got haunted. Early on I was an actress in a show and I would have to run under the stage to pop up on the other side. One night, I ran under and a flash of streaking green light flew by my face and I heard footsteps that were not my own. Safe to say, I was always a little scared of The hauntings of my theater.
I'm an extrovert at school, but introvert at home. I used to be all extrovert, but teens pull all my energy out and I've found that I need time to myself to let my brain rest, once I get home. My SO is all extrovert. It is almost 9, yet after a day of full time middle school, he is still out playing games with friends.
Take a breath, rearrange your seating, and teach to the kids who want to be taught. I have literally turned desks to face the wall, given those kids packets, and told them when they want to join the rest, they can. I don't find it cruel, I find it practical. I do make it a point to check in with my turned around students. More often than not, they will choose to join again. Rarely have I had a kid who actively wants to be ostracized. When they ARE that obstinate, I feel secure in knowing the packet work has the material I want them to learn. It may be mind numbing work, but it meets standards. You have to do something to survive. It may make you feel like crap because you aren't reaching those kids, but not all kids WANT to learn all the time. Sometimes a kid has to find his or her way. Think of yourself as a facilitator, and you'll relax.
This is exactly how I was coming in mid year to a school last year. Do not put all of this on yourself. Do what you can. Focus on specific skills. Don't go too broad or you lose any significant build in one skill. Trust that you are doing the best you can!
When you are talking to a student and they do that fevered "okay!" You know they did t really listen and are just trying to get you to stop talking.
I'm in CA, but I've experienced some awkwardness at my current school for not being religious. There is a pretty large Christian community. I don't mind much from students, but there is a SPED teacher who actually questioned me for not attending church, like I was some weirdo.
See the comments about it being time consuming. If I had 50 students total, and not 150, I could do this. It also depends on the class. My honors students would all do retakes. It would take forever to grade! My low level kids don't care. No time consumed with grading.
I give extra effort points on assignments. Basically, if a student wants more points, they have to show they are willing to go the extra step to bring their mastery up. I want them to focus on the material they have right now, not some superfluous assignment. There is something in place at my school that allows students to make up an inexcusable absence, and on that day I give them an opportunity to make up a low point assignment for an hour of time spent there.
My SO and I love Descent AND Mice and Mystics Both of these games come with premade characters that you can level up with skills and weapons. They are a ton of fun and great regarding your love of progression. Descent is if one of you wants to be the bad guy, the other the heroes. M&amp;M is if you want to be full Co- op
Talking into a spinning fan blade
