My story is fairly long. My first few businesses didn't have any employees although I did have partners. I've funded companies a variety of ways, including Kickstarter and out of my own pocket.
Nice job! You've learned a valuable set of lessons here that you will look back at in the future.
I really think it depends on the person. I would just advise to enjoy the journey as much as possible.
Yeah man, those motorcycle clubs aren't paying their fair share!
Dunno, but we won't recognize any of the jobs. In the same way someone from 150 years ago would not recognize many of the jobs today (what's a computer?) Most people were farmers! What are all those farmers going to do! Oh no the sky is falling!
&gt; This is the root mechanism of inequality of outcome which we see today: people do not effectively asses their own position and what is in their best interest and they make decisions from a position of informational asymetry which yields a sub-optimal outcome. Or ever. E.g. some people never thinking about what's in their best interest. They just live day to day, surviving.
Dunno but I tell my kids to start businesses and not go to college unless they want to be a doctor.
Don't worry, they stream people out of the college track early in Germany.
Agree on both points. Like what do you do with people that clearly simply want to live like animals? Some people do. Do we take them out of that situation "for their own good" or do we let them make their own choices and suffer the consequences?
I don't get it. Why would you put up with that? I would have simply withdrawn and then send the essay to the local media for publication instead. With some choice commentary.
I'm very familiar with what these companies pay as I'm in the tech industry. Amazon will pay programmers fresh out of school $100k a year in some cases. Basically $64k is below even the bottom of the scale for most tech jobs.
It's not crazy to regroup, recapitalize and rethink about your next thing. Having a 9 to 5 job for me is like a stress relief potion compared to running a company. Last time I worked for anyone else was June 2008 and I doubt I'll do it again, but before that I was on/off for 15 years...
It's already done. I don't know what Dave would say but not just be aggressive about paying it off first? You don't have other debt right now, pay this house off, then go buy a new house. Bam.
Until Mr. Fusion gets stolen by the great khan and they have to figure out how to power the Tesla some other way.
I like doing BI with a negative income tax. So the short answer is that everyone else pays. Over time though I've started to think that a sovereign wealth fund might actually be the correct solution. Basically just slowly build up a fund that generates income. Split that income amongst everyone.
Hit the gym, start fliring with other women, make less time for her. If that doesn't work, then it's over.
Not a helluva lot. I just sold my 2009 C6 with 56k miles and it was pretty much perfect. Seat wear was the biggest issue really.
Ok, so let's start with taxing oil extraction. Take a piece of every well that drills on US soil. That would generate a good start. This could could be built slowly over time. As we transition to post scarcity the fund gets bigger and the check everyone get's slowly gets larger.
I have some pretty decent image stabilized binocs I can use. I was more thinking a drone but it might be too far.
The author of Snow Crash just came out with a new book called Seveneves.
I'm good enough, I'm strong enough and gosh darnit, people like me.
When I was 21 I bought myself a brand new Mustang Cobra. The car wasn't unaffordable to me but I leased the damn thing because I didn't know what I was doing. Definitely took a bath on that one and learned my lesson. Today, many years later, I'm on my 4th Corvette (currently a 2015 z06).
Telling poor people to get bachelor degrees like that someone is going to make them wealthy is stupid. If you are poor you have a lack of money. Getting an education *could* be a way to earn more money, but it's fairly indirect. So we are lying to them like it says, blatantly. However, telling young black people that no matter how hard they work they will never get ahead is even worse. What kind of message is that? Life is tough and if you definitely won't get ahead by coasting.
Using an emergency fund isn't a bump, it's expected. It should constantly be getting filled. Divorce is a bump.
It's not something I would be terribly concerned with. Most drivers seem fairly passive anyway, more passive drivers is fine. Beside I'm sure the aggression can be turned up if that's needed in some situations.
Odd, I basically suggested the same thing in another BI thread the other day.
Not even close. Too many issues to list date mag, bezel pearl, bezel text, text on dial, crown looks wrong even from this angle etc etc. The guy selling it could very well believe it's genuine but from this picture I can tell you, no way.
As I said, too many issues to list ;)
Nope they use buttons that are electronic. There are manual release levels on the floor though so you can get out without electricity. Also the roof could have easily been popped.
I ask people about that kind of stuff in interviews.
This is the real issue. Way too many people in jail for bullshit for way too long. The pads are just a symptom of the larger issues. Still sucks and is still inhumane.
Is it possible the dial is just after market and the rest of the watch is ok? It's hard for me to tell with these pictures but I feel like most of it looks pretty good except for the dial.
Sometimes people want fancier dials and don't really understand that it's not legit because they aren't serious collectors. We are talking Rolex here. There are plenty of people walking around with aftermarket dials on real watches. Anyway I can't give a solid opinion either way. Certainly the dial is craptastic and that alone would cause me to stay away.
https://www.nceo.org/articles/employee-ownership-100
Or you could just compete with them. I still haven't heard any answer as to why workers can't own the means of production now.
&gt;And where, in any of this thread, did I ever say that violent offenders should have heir dignity stolen and be treated like animals? &gt; If everyone in prison truly deserved to be there, like violent offenders, then the issue discussed here honestly wouldn't irk me as much Right there. You said if they deserve to be there you have no problem with the status quo. The status quo steals their dignity and treats them like animals by withholding necessary sanitation.
&gt;Eh, I'm not sure it'd be a civil war as such. It's more likely that it'd be a simple insurrection, perhaps based around a dual power structure, and it would only occur under conditions where the working class were already strong and the state already weak. Think of Catalonia in 1936 as a good example. Oh, just an insurrection, is that all? Are you calling for armed revolution in the USA? &gt;Well the means of production are already controlled by meglomaniacs who use force to maintain their power, who use force to steal from their employees, who use force to control and dominate society. This is a bunch of malarky. &gt;The aim of socialism is to establish genuine democracy. And let me guess, you get to be in charge? What about our current democracy is going to be different from your fictional world? &gt;We absolutely care if we have the consent of the population because socialism could never be established - let alone continue to exist for more than 5 minutes - without it. So then we agree it will never happen. One can't even get most people to agree about what brand of toilet paper to use, let alone politics. There is always going to be a significant number of people who think differently. I suppose you'll just kill them in the insurrection? &gt;Some (typically collectivists) advocate for labour vouchers. I'd rather transition to a gift and volunteer economy, whereby people work because they want to and where no money is exchanged whatsoever. The resources we create are allocated by need, rather than being allocated to whomever can pay the most. Of course with you deciding who needs what. I'm on to you ;) Also what's the difference between a labor voucher and money? To me a labor voucher is just a form of money. &gt;P.S. I'm sorry about the downvotes, we can get a bit hostile around here. Hopefully it won't put you off socialism as an ideology. I'm not put off by downvotes, but I am put off by the ideology you are claiming for your own here. I'm firmly convinced it would be Stalin all over again if you got your way.
&gt;Capitalists, folks: if you don't have enough money, you're being irresponsible with your money. You should just be more responsible, that way you'll have more money. You know, living within your means. There are actually two separate concepts here. concept 1) Handling the money you do have effectively. Unless you are almost a pauper you should never be living paycheck to paycheck. An emergency fund is a must. concept 2) If you are a pauper, or simply want to live better, go out and earn some more money. If you can't then you might want to consider what's holding you back and fix that. Given that millions of people live responsibly, within their means and earn a living, what's wrong with you if you can't? Maybe looking inward and working on yourself might be a better strategy than whining about it.
Honestly I'm interested in talking about this stuff from a more middle of the road point of view. I would support something like a basic income but you are just so far out there that I don't think we have much in common to talk about.
Same thing as the other thread. We aren't even close to being on the same page at all, so there really isn't much to discuss. I thought /r/socialism would be slightly more middle of the road.
Very much this. It wasn't driver skill people, it was Ferrari engineering keeping that car straight. Modern nannies are really really good.
Same goes with game devs. Technically we are competing, but in reality we all hang out and help each other out as much as possible.
We sold them a pig in a poke on that one! Suckers! We got you good Islanders.
Yeah it's definitely worth checking out.
Given that Chevy has be changing that system every year the exact model, year and mode would all do different things. The C7 system definitely reacts differently than C6's.
Time heals all. Good luck.
You made the right call.
Vape pens for nicotine are super common. They are also completely indistinguishable from the same pen being used with marijuana oil. Neither one of them emits much of a scent. I've seen people use them indoors and nobody even notices. It's not like old school smoking a doobie. They sell these are every single store in WA.
This is an extremely complex topic. Normally you would trademark the name of an app. You file this with the trademark office, see your local lawyer. It's a multi-step process that requires multiple filings that isn't complete until you start using the mark. However, all that does is protect the name. The other guy could still make a similar app with a different name. Can you talk a bit more about the structure here? Are you all partners?
Keep in mind those tires don't have much tread on them to begin with. Sport Cup 2's are usually good for 3k miles but the only way you can tell if they are worn is by looking at the wear bars. They basically look worn out from the factory.
There were more ferraris than I've ever seen in one place before.
Me. At last count 8 engines from scratch and 30+ games shipped on them.
Pretty much this. In fact I would go further and say that you need to establish a good long term relationship with an attorney as you will be using one a lot.
I just have to disagree. There are a lot of restrictions and requirements to building in Seattle. If there were less regulations housing would be cheaper to build. I'm quite positive more people would jump into building in Seattle if it were easier.
Yup, because I've lived it.
What a load of crap.
Ya but they got lucky because they are part of the vast jewish conspiracy, see? Just to be clear I'm being sarcastic. As soon as people start bringing up luck you know they are jealous.
I was working and doing things in the same era and it wasn't obvious to me. Having vision about what's coming and having that vision turn out is a powerful thing. There are things happening today that are going to be huge, do you know what they are? Are you working on taking advantage of them? In other words the timing doesn't just come from luck, it comes from vision and experience. There is always something hot in the world to get involved with, you just need to go and find it.
I think you might be surprised when you get a chance to try it.
Mainly because for the vast majority of cases it simply doesn't matter. Stuff is fast enough in most cases. It's only peculiar types of software that care about squeezing the hardware hard.
My advice? Get out of california altogether and move up to Seattle. Lower taxes and cheaper housing.
Nice job! Owning the entire chain and trying to get as close to the customer as possible is a good model.
It looks good to me. It's an older code but it checks out.
Really? You guys think pirates who attack ships and ransom the crew are just misunderstood good guys? Fuck all you all.
Then let me ask you why bother with the degree at all? It sounds like you already have some programming experience. Why not make your own stuff and fill in the areas you are missing? Nobody in games gives a shit about a degree btw, they care about what you can do. This is why digipen is valuable, because you actually make stuff that is effectively a shipping product. Classes more focused on technical techniques are the easy part, working on a team and actually producing something is the hard part.
You will love it. I had a blast driving mine as a daily for five years.
I think you are on the right track.
So your local middle class bank employee who works in the business loan department doesn't exist. Gotcha.
&gt;If you are not a rich person, there is a very good chance you have been getting fucked for decades Do you actually believe this crap that you spout?
Haven't pulled the trigger yet.
I would argue this fails the test as there is a clear class warfare trend going on in mainstream society right now. In other words, people do say this.
Human nature. People want to be fulfilled and keep busy.
Personally I think your wife shows traits of being OCD. Perhaps a bit of counseling would work best here. A neutral party to help you guys manage each others expectations. If she doesn't understand that her requests are outside of normality this could help with that, which could help her compromise.
Even 10 hours per week is pretty crazy. Hire a maid and bring it down to zero.
In other words some of this is your fault for not addressing this earlier. I truly think you guys need to get some outside counseling and your wife needs a mental health eval.
I suppose it depends on how you count the 10 hours, but it seems excessive to me.
That makes sense. Man I loved those fox bodies, that was my dream car as a kid. Eventually I did get a mustang, but not until the schwarzenegger body style...
&gt;He's an idiot. As is everyone that supports idiotic policies like price controls. I mean seriously, PRICE CONTROLS are you kidding me? This is eco 101 stuff.
&gt;No, I don't agree with it for any practical purposes, but hypothetically it could make the world a better place. What it would do is wreak havoc in financial markets. There is a reason we disassociate investors from liability, it's the whole purpose of corporations in the first place. Furthermore you aren't punishing the actor, you are punishing a related party who may just be another victim. So I'm not really sure how it's supposed to make the world a better place.
I must admit that I moved aggressively to buy a new place once I was in a position to do so. We need better zoning and more density in Seattle YESTERDAY so that the price of housing can come down.
&gt; So maybe companies would be less likely to engage in this kind of behaviour if the shareholders were likely to feel the penalty. Why would that be the case though? Most shareholders are not in a position to police the companies they invest in very effectively. How is it fair to punish them instead of the management? What's wrong with simply prosecuting management? Wouldn't it be more effective and more fair?
three sea shells
Not only that but plenty of companies could be completely moved offshore if it came down to it. I would certainly consider moving to Canada if the government decided to confiscate this much property.
It's not a gold sub, it's a two tone sub according to the pics. The price isn't anything special for an older model.
You should really listen to this guy. I know it's hard for you to consider right now but you really need to follow the advice here.
This article is idiocy on display. Taking an annuity would be a huge mistake. It's just absurd on the face of it. There is nothing preventing you from selling the future income stream so taking an annuity doesn't protect you from yourself. You are taking incredible tax risk as you will be paying future tax rates. Does anyone expect those to go down? You are exposed to political risk. I'm not expecting a revolution or anything but politics could screw you over a 30 year term. Your billion is invested in something anyway by them. How diverse is it? Does the risk profile match what you want? That's just scratching the surface, it's just stupid.
That's silly. You have no idea what tax rates are going to do over the next 30 years. You aren't factoring in risk, you are calculating it like it's a guaranteed return.
Are you a rocket wizard? Is there a book or a place on the internet I can learn more about this?
Can't be right. Look around, everyone is dying of starvation. Obviously the rich are to blame. Down with everything!
I'm jealous of people that had better off parents as well. I think I would be a lot further along if I could have a "small" million dollar loan ;)
I never went to college, I was too busy trying to do stuff. I think that part helped me because I have an additional 4 years of experience. Personally I think college is overrated unless you are already rich.
I disagree that this is a good explanation. This is bestof? fuckoff.
Ok, so we plug all of the loopholes. How much does that bring in? The answer is not enough to make a different to anything.
So basically you do a similar move the other direction to balance out your senses? That sounds like a cool technique. I'm learning so much about flying in this thread.
Invite everyone to vegas.
They are scared because idiots are telling them there will be no jobs.
Let me know when we hit the age of automation then ;)
Yes, I accept reality.
That's because it is theorycrafting bullshit. Same crap luddites have been spewing for 200+ years.
I laugh at this. We are so far away from a robot that can do general work it's not even funny.
Yup, that's why I prefer people just save up their money so they have an emergency fund. You know, like responsible adults.
Exactly my point. Coming up with nonsense about magical AI's taking all our jerbs is not reality.
I fully believe that real AI is possible, after all we are proof of it. However, if you think you can simply create an intelligent race of slaves I think you're gonna have a bad time. There are so many issues around AI that we haven't even begun to tackle that right now it is magic. As an expert when it comes to comp-sci I think a lot of people are drinking a lot of kool-aid right now.
&gt;your making one big assumption with your argument that is that the new work that people will create won't be able to be automated as well. No. You are making the crazy claim that some technology (which has not been invented yet) is going to make all future jobs obsolete. That's utterly ridiculous. It also completely ignores human nature. &gt;Furthermore, you could read Manna by Marshall Brain I've read Manna multiple times and have conversed with Marshall about it. I also believe in technology being a technologist. I'm not disagreeing with people that we are going to have great technology. I'm disagreeing with the asinine idea that "this time it's different" and somehow human ingenuity will be derailed. In the world where robots make everything for free what's the value of an object hand crafted by a human? Start thinking outside the box a bit. I think the future looks a lot more like the Australian project than it does everyone living in a small room in giant prison dorms. Read manna again, basic income is the dystopian outcome in that story.
That sounds like pure gold to me.
Bio degree is a waste of time. If you are cross discipline it will be much faster to just go learn the stuff you need to know on your own. Getting a degree is time consuming. You don't need to know the map of a cat to write stats code analyzing genetic sequences.
Bio people tend to get paid crap. Just regular bioinformatics processing stuff in a lab isn't going to pay that well. You need to be developing new algorithms and creating IP that has real value.
&gt;which is making so many young people not just pro Bernie, but actively anti Clinton Now all they need to do is actually vote. Which they don't seem to want to do...
Doubtful.
no?
By and large young people at the population that votes the least.
If you want to change the world my opinion is that you should leave Australia and go where the action is for your particular interests. I'm Canadian but immigrated to the US when I was 21. I know a ton of expats from Australia, New Zealand, Canada and the UK that came here to try and do big things.
That's fine! I know plenty of people that are happy to just live a nice life. I've always been insanely ambitious and doing a million things at once. I've started 4 companies in 8 years, 3 of which are still going strong. I'm trying to be involved with anything involving AR/VR, big data/ai, iot etc.
Except they aren't equivalent at all. It's more like saying the child slave phones are tasty, delicious and "the norm" for phones in society. The non-child slave ones are like phones from 15 years ago with no touch screen. People don't buy the argument that vegan food is the same, because it's not the same. In fact for most people that aren't vegan, most vegan food is pretty gross.
Perhaps this would make an even bigger impact. I suggest all vegans check out this web site, it's really the logical conclusion of their thinking. http://www.vhemt.org/
I typically stay at the Chateau when I visit Ottawa. It's a really great central location. The hotel is a bit dated but still decent for a quick visit.
Finance math is basic, you are correct there. But finance itself is not that simple. It's more a question of what strategy people should follow and then having the discipline to follow through. Neither one are really taught in school, with some exceptions.
Waste. Of. Time.
Personally I disagree. I don't think most people understand personal finance very well. A good chunk of our population is extremely stupid when it comes to money. The math isn't the issue it's the strategy. They don't teach that in school. People make bad decisions, especially when they are young. Running up credit cards, buy houses they can't afford, especially lots of idiots buying cars they can't afford, people not saving enough in general and definitely not enough for retirement. Living paycheck to paycheck. Lack of emergency funds. There are so many basic mistakes people make and then make excuses for.
I don't think you are really the problem though, even cashflowing some stuff puts you ahead of a lot of people. Personally I've always worked hard on making the shovel bigger and not sweated the small stuff.
&gt;is basically just spending less than you make You do realize this isn't a given and that not everyone agrees even with this, right? Many people go into debt and think it increases their lifestyle (when it really does the opposite in the long run). &gt;and expecting schools to raise fully functioning adults rather than putting that on parents/family/life experience. Ultimately schools can only do so much. This is why kids with successful parents have an advantage. They are already being taught good strategy for the most part. This type of education is even more important for poor folks as they will need to be extra disciplined to dig out.
Instead of frugality I think about it more as being financially disciplined. I consider myself disciplined but I am definitely not frugal (e.g. I drive nice cars, live in nice places etc) but I am still hardcore disciplined about FI.
&gt;People can then learn the intricacies of finance as they move on in life. With all due respect this is awful advice. High school graduates are immediately presented with a lot of complex financial decisions. If they don't have great advice from parents then it's critical that high school cover this material in depth. For example how to pay for college? Debt? How does choice of career effect financial stability? etc. etc. This is when the solid basis for a good financial life begins. &gt;It's obvious that people should not buy things they can't afford. Given the massively levels of poor financial management we see in society I think the evidence is very much in the other direction. &gt;People intellectually know that they should not live paycheck to paycheck and should save money for emergencies. Ridiculous. Explain why almost have of americans can't even come up with a few hundred in cash. http://www.politifact.com/punditfact/statements/2015/jun/09/hunter-schwarz/47-say-they-lack-ready-cash-pay-surprise-400-bill/ &gt;At some point, some people are going to be poor regardless of how much financial acumen they have. Being poor is *not* the same thing as poorly managing your finances. Circumstances can make you poor, but if that happens that's when it's the most important to manage your resources properly. Fortunately good management can make even the poorest relatively better off which is why we need to educate people on finances.
&gt;Frugality is about getting the best price for something you value. Ok, then I would consider myself frugal under that definition.
&gt;Losing all your savings and house and moving back in with your parents doesn't count as a failure I guess... Correct. What you do next is find a job, collect up some money, make plans and try again. I guarantee you'll have learned a few things form the first time around. Rinse/repeat. &gt;Don't forget luck and privilege. Luck is simply preparation meeting opportunity. Privilege is a big part of it. Living in a western country with a functioning economy where there is enough freedom to innovate and create businesses is indeed a privilege.
No?
Ok, in what housing market is a house liquid and fungible?
Pretty cool stuff. The earliest headset I used was the predecessor to this where Valve used fiducial markers on the wall. I saw that summer of 2014 at Valve. We started Envelop right after seeing that demo.
Finally, someone that understands markets and economics. Kudos for some ideas that would actually help.
You wish. Having lived in both countries, and had immediate relatives working in hospitals your idea here is naive at best.
You try to open my door and pull me out of my car and I would feel pretty justified in using any force necessary to get you to stop, up to and including killing you.
Why am I not surprised this guy is storing musical stuff with you.
A mid-engine Corvette would be a travesty and not a Corvette. Also, I'm not paying $200k for a chevy. Sorry, but I'm just not. I already feel burned on the service side after dealing with them for 15 years on my Corvettes. If they want to work on a new car, do an electric sports car.
He's a control freak who is afraid you are going to be gone as your career takes off. He's seriously trying to manipulate you here, when he should be supporting your career. By trying to limit your career options he's trying to make you more dependent on him. I would tell him you are going to continue modeling whether he likes it or not.
It's much worse in most other cities people want to live in. Don't take my word for it, go shopping on the internet. San Francisco? Don't make me laugh. LA? Same shit. Even go up to Vancouver and it's way more expensive. Seattle is a relative bargain where you can still buy a decent house in a decent neighborhood for less than a million dollars. Crazy but true.
Red flags are just an indicator. One red flag doesn't mean that a relationship is doomed. There are indeed some special situations. However, this guy has multiple red flags.
So save your money? I think the subtext here is about ownership. He's right to not have you paying his mortgage because it could cause issues if you guys split up. Eventually if you get married that will change, but for now it doesn't seem like a big deal. If you feel really bad about, put an amount into a savings account that you would be paying him. Down the road you guys can do something great with that money (like pay off the mortgage or take a trip around the world).
Correct.
He didn't go public because he was afraid that they would have him assassinated. Being dead serious, he knew there were billions at stake and he wasn't sure who all the players were or how dangerous they were.
&gt;If the hyper-rich had any sense, they'd be all over this. Keeping the masses content is a good long-term strategy. Not to bone pick, but is this actually true? BI is a very expensive compared to hunkering down in a secure location.
Complete true story. Yesterday I met in my office with a guy named Bing and the building right across the plaza from us is literally where MS Bing is housed. It was a double bing.
&gt;5 million dollars is definitely "don't ever think about money." Says the guy who doesn't have five million. Also you have a lot of thinking in your post for something that supposedly doesn't require thinking.
There are no guarantees in life that's for sure. However, having a positive attitude and working hard are about as close as you are going to get.
I used to help my grandmother with the laundry back in the day. She has a SEMI AUTOMATIC washing machine that my gramps bought her in like 1970 or something. It was pretty much the old school version of this: http://www.whirlpoolindia.com/washing-machines/semi-automatic
We pay $2k a month for our health insurance (the employee pays zero btw) and that's simply reality. The prices are outta control.
The average new home right now is something like 2700 sq ft.
Yeah, back in the 70's it totally just worked like that. Or maybe you completely and utterly lack perspective.
Evidence for this?
Yeah, I don't know how they live in such tiny houses. When we lived in 3k sq ft we could barely fit all of our shit.
What do you expect, 10 years is still newb land.
I always ask people on a scale from 1-10 how good are their C++ skills. 1 being no experience and 10 being you are Bjarne. If you say you are an 8+, you are generally a liar.
I lol'd
I hear that's how it works.
I was being a bit sarcastic ;) I've certainly lived in much smaller houses than I do now. That's part of what drove me to work so hard, I didn't like it. I do think 1200sq ft would liveable for us, we would just have to get rid of a bunch of stuff. More to the point I don't want to live too close to other people...
There were plenty of cars that could go over 100k miles in the 70's. For example my dads 1974 AMC Ambassador that we drove for 13 years. Anyway my point wasn't about that, I was being sarcastic because he was painting the 70's as some kind of golden age, which is a crock of shit. I know, I was there.
They have nationalized many companies. That's socialism. They price fix goods. That's socialism. And on top of that add everything you said. Arguable those policies are mismanagement.
What part about the state taking over a bunch of companies directly is not socialism? I'm confused.
Yup, that's where I got one, although not this updated. I also got a t-shirt.
Ok, I don't really care what you want to call it, it's dumb policy.
You open your door for people at 1am?
I saw a dude in redmond standing on the corner with a gas can today.
Brilliant my ass. It's just an opinion man.
Drive in a way that makes the rest of us look good, not like assholes.
Yeah but rich people!
Amazon US carries a bunch of it.
The radiation shield is something I hadn't heard before but makes sense. I wonder if they will have other ways of generating gravity, even if only for a small section of the ship.
You aren't a grouch, we've all been burned.
&gt;If someone asks then why not answer? Because they will act like butthurt children. &gt;Not everyone views money in the same way, someone's goal might be to get to a job with a high salary so why can't he be proud of his achievements and tell someone who wants to know You can tell everyone! It's just not a smart idea though. &gt;Other people want to live their life with experiences and don't want/need a high paying job so why should the feel embarrassed by a lower salary if they're still happy with it? Because people don't want to be pitied. &gt;Obviously bragging is a different story but I just don't get the secrecy of it all, it's just a number after all. Lol. If it was only so.
This guy gets it. Apparently religious people don't understand the most basic parts of logic. That explains a lot.
I would argue that we are already in a post scarcity world when it comes to manufactured goods, food and information. Things that have real scarcity will never be free though. For example land located in a high traffic area.
Furthermore Dave DESERVED A BEATING BY YOUR HUSBAND. By you getting in the way it's going to make your husband think you are protecting Dave! The best thing you could have done was told your husband to take out the trash and give Dave the beating he deserves.
&gt;I think you guys need to talk a bit about why he would believe shirtless creepy neighbor over the woman he loves and has partnered for life with. Possibly because she stepped in when her husband was going to beat him to a pulp? Possibly because she didn't say anything when Dave made his comment? There are serious communication issues going on here that exacerbate this issue.
&gt;We can create land. Of course we can. But we can't create land at a place where it's already valuable. For example San francisco, manhattan, Seattle etc. What's already there makes that land valuable. &gt;Virtually, or like the Chinese are doing in the sea. Not equivalent. We can terraform mars too but it's not going to make a house in LA cheaper. &gt;The earth "mass produced" land. We can too, we just need to learn how. Sure but even then not all land is equal. E.g. created land on a coastline will be more valuable than interior land. &gt;Note also that land is only scarce because humans do not know enough to stop breeding. The demographic transition fixes that ignorance. It doesn't really fix it. We could have 1/10th of our current population and land inside a city would be worth more than rural land.
I guess that I'm just doubtful anyone would go to jail.
Mostly time and fortitude.
There will always be ups and down in the housing market. That doesn't say anything about the larger point of there being no such things as post scarcity when it comes to real estate. There will always be more or less valuable places depending on the utility available.
I'm completely fine with the idea that we have some regulations. Let's just not go overboard. I think we could build in some defense mechanisms to toughen up the government so that it doesn't go too far.
I think WA state may have something to say about that. Along with Oregon, Colorado and soon California.
&gt;Fermis paradox, we are here, nobody else is. With the level of technology advancement we have now, ruling other star systems will only be a few centuries away. The whole galaxy very quickly on galactic time frames afterwards. Assuming we don't fall into the same trap. Going multi star system isn't super simple. &gt;Either there is a big filter/smack down coming that all other civs cant pass or we are the first. Yup. &gt;As big as the universe is I dont think we are the quickest, and as resilant as life is I dont think even WW3 could wipe us and all others like us out. Luckily there are other options. Like there is life out there but we don't understand it. Or like moving between stars is just impractical no matter what the civilization. Etc. &gt;Elon Musk thinks were in a matrix, I think since there is a bible, and there is a God. I think that's mischaracterizing his position. Your position is nonsensical. You could use that same logic to reason your way into a bunch of religions. &gt;Also I didnt kill myself doing all the stupid things I have done, there has to be a God. I also have the 4 cutest/smartest kids ever so ya based on my DNA there also has to be a God. Weak arguments. Anyway, I did ask to hear your opinion so thank you.
Odd because I don't recall there being any stores in California that anyone can walk into and buy weed. It's still gray market / medical only. Bottom line, California is behind because they haven't legalized yet. Same with Canada.
&gt;The "Fair Tax" is the definition of social engineering. You're punishing people for domestic consumption. Feel free to attack any strawman you want since I never recommended a particular tax system. I'm talking about the design principals. &gt;Ok. Good luck living in your world of spherical cows moving through a vacuum. Good luck living in your statist hellhole.
&gt;I know my experience and my kids lack empirical proof, but personally its the strongest proof for me. I get that, I was just hoping for a more general good argument. &gt;Also you may look at the reasoning as strained, but every other hypothesis for the creation of the universe, or life is just as strained. The origin of life is in my mind fairly simple and straightforward. But I've done fairly extensive study of abiogenesis and evolution. The origin of the universe is a mystery. Adding a creator into that mix simply makes the mystery even more complex. It certainly doesn't explain anything about the origin given that we now have to figure out the origin of the creator. &gt; They have a few pieces of data that they wring every bit of meaning from and stretch them as far as they can to make headlines, or journal headlines at least. Ok? Just because nobody knows the answer doesn't mean god is a good explanation. It's actually a worse explanation than saying we don't know. Keep in mind I'm not even talking about the big bang, that's just physics. The real question is where did the universe come from and just saying "god did it" doesn't actually change anything. &gt;I would trust them more if they would say we measured this and we think it means this, but it could also mean this, or this, or this, There is nothing to trust, you can go look at the science yourself. We don't have a theory of where the universe came from at this point. Perhaps this is why you are confused about it. Adding god into the mix does nothing to solve this issue though.
&gt;The earth produces more land. The universe produces land from nothing. We just need to learn how. Again, THAT DOESN'T FIX THE PROBLEM. San Francisco, Manhattan, Hollywood, Tokyo all already exist and aren't going away. They certainly aren't growing more land. Hell they refuse to even build more housing on the land they have, mostly due to politics. &gt;Note that land is only "scarce" because humans lack the knowledge not to overbreed, but the demographic transition fixes that ignorance. No it doesn't fix shit. I'm starting to believe the people hanging out in this sub are just generally delusional.
I'll tell you what I wish, I wish that we hadn't used so many tools in our latest company. Winding down the use of them is even more painful. KISS.
&gt;Virtual cities. So real you and I could live in the same house, without running into each other. Knowledge is the only scarcity. Virtual cities will exist, but Manhattan will still be Manhattan. Look the fact is that there are always going to be things that are scarce. If you think virtual cities can completely replace real places I simply disagree (and I know my shit when it comes to VR).
&gt;This is how the demographic transition fixes it: the population of Tokyo goes down, and suddenly anyone can live there for free. Like Detroit: houses that cost hundreds of thousands of dollars a decade ago are empty, free, now. Even if the population of the earth was smaller there would still be variations in the value of particular property. This difference in value is all about demand, it's class economics and it doesn't go away ever.
Thank you for throwing out some of this stuff and bringing some good perspective. The social effects of smart phones alone are huge and moving fast.
This is a super easily fixed problem. Hire help to clean up regularly. Mic drop. Next time give us an actual hard problem.
&gt;I'm not sure if you realize this but not everyone has money shooting out of their ass to pay for something like this. Sure, but he stated he makes a lot more than her. So even if she made almost nothing a lot more means they probably have some money. Bringing in some help every couple of weeks to get the place in shape would make a huge difference. It seems like the stakes here are the relationship itself, is it not worth a few bucks? &gt;Also a spouse that is unorganized has more problems than just the visual of dirty dishes, clothes everywhere. Some people are just slobs. There are ways to mitigate this like getting help. If it's "you must not be a slob or we can't be together" then they should just break up, because peoples habits like this tend to be hard to change. However, if they can use some help to get the place cleaned up she may realize she likes living in a clean house. &gt;Marriage isn't just about sharing a house and banging a lot. It is so much more, you should help each other be better than you already are. Especially if you want to have kids together. Sure but you are just completely ignoring that I *am* suggesting a strategy to help them get better. Literally, bring in someone to make the house clean and fix the issue. Go from there. That's a strategy.
&gt;I like to imagine they'll treat us like parents or ancestors, and they'll take care of us like we would if our parents needed help. Except since they don't have all of the built in genetic baggage to do that it's unlikely that would be the case. &gt;At some point, real AI would have to understand empathy and the golden rule. This very well might be completely biased, but how can consciousness exist without the ability to put yourself in someone else's shoes? It's not biased, I think these are valid open questions. Do these AI's have free will? Why do we expect we can make slaves out of them? Way too many assumptions for me to feel comfortable.
So how does that not lead to inflation for anything related to such bullshit?
You are simply misinformed about where the danger lies then. Hitler didn't take over Mercedes Benz, he took over the reigns of power. &gt;I find your example of "praying to the great leader" to be outlandish and quite difficult to imagine. That is not an example of something that I am concerned would happen, in any country that I have lived in. Maybe you have lived in capitalist democracies then? Because I assure you there are plenty of people scared of offending their local great leader in the world.
Basic income allows people to not work bullshit jobs. Bullshit job turns out to actually be needed. So wages for bullshit job go up so they can find someone to do bullshit job. Now anyone who relies on bullshit jobs services need to pay more for that service. Therefore the costs get passed along to consumer. Now your basic income doesn't cover as much stuff as it did, so you need to go back to work to make enough to cover the bullshit the job supplies.
&gt;Allow people to pursue their interests and maybe, just maybe, they won't choose the path of violence How many of the attackers in Paris were on the government dole? Giving people free money is going to create more social upheaval, not less.
I have no idea what your point is.
So will bullshit jobs pay more or not?
&gt;My point is, that a needed job wouldn't be considered a bullshit job, unless something's going very poorly while communicating to the worker what his job is and why he's doing it. And that it's by no means hard to improve on that communication. You seem to imply the problem is on the employer side though. The lack of understanding about the job seems to be mostly on the employee side. After all, the employee is the one calling it a bullshit job. If the employer thought it was bullshit they wouldn't bother having someone do it. Maybe we need more specific examples to make any of this make sense.
Linux is one of the most popular operating systems in the world and is used by billions. It's just that they are using the variant called Android.
Care to expand on your thoughts here? We seem to have massive diversity of food around here. And where is the money going? Nobody is forcing anyone to buy factory food.
That's just a vast generalization. Factory farms treat animals like shit, but there are plenty of alternatives to that.
