I remember in my textbook in a college class I had, in the chapter on evolution, they mentioned a case regarding frogs in Minnesota or somewhere that were born with extra legs. Everyone suspected chemical pollution but it turned out to simply be an example of random mutation. In other words, it wasn't an environmental cause. I'm not saying that climate change isn't a problem or even the trigger for this sort of thing. It just reminded me of my book.
There is a checkbox to turn the automatic redirect feature off. So now I only use it to set up initial redirects of the main menu or other necessary pages when I'm re-doing someone's site.
Why the hell does every single article about Bernie Sanders start off with a sentence like "of course he'll never win"?
My stupid bird didn't play with toys for more than a decade. Now she does and she's an old lady for a bird at over 20 years old.
You can get cockatoo shampoo. A cockatiel is like a tiny cockatoo. I'm assuming your bird is a cockatiel.
I keep the one I lined in my office for when they turn on the air conditioning too high.
Thank you. I'm glad somebody has written about this.
My parents are republicans. I think sometimes my mom sometimes secretly votes democrat though.
There are frequently requests for tutorials around here. I think learning how to read API documentation is probably more valuable.
I have lived in a tiny space like that and I liked it pretty well. An apartment like that where I live would still be super expensive, though.
Ariel the cockatoo is now just Big White Bird. Big Bird. Big Ginormous Humongous Bird. Big Chicken Bird. Big Chicken. Big Big. Fergie the conure gets called Green Bird a lot these days.
I you are looking to microload 1lb and you get a bar that weighs 3lbs more than the bar you used last time, what good is your 1lb microweight?
I have a 4 cyl '94 Ford Ranger with 90,000 miles. I'm sure it's not worth a huge amount but it didn't cost very much to begin with and I've never had any problems with it. I hear it was a good year for the Ford Ranger.
I would think the summary would be fine use for the metatag module. Isn't it recommended practice that a description tag contain a useful summary?
The house I grew up in cost $15K brand new when I was 5 years old. In 1983 when I graduated high school my mother sold it for about $200K. Nowadays that house would cost 7-800K. There are bubbles now and then, but the overall trend in California is upwards.
It's a nice little truck. Not very powerful (the 4 cyl), but it's reliable.
Long time ago when I was young and newly married and broke we bought a used washer and drier that had been refurbished by a guy who specializes in refurbishing and selling home appliances. It was a good bargain and our machines worked perfectly.
You don't need to use either one. There's too much scent in them anyway. Takes several washes to get the drier sheet smell out of my clothes if someone happens to stick a drier sheet in when I'm not looking.
Are you planning to spend this money in the US? Do you just want clothes to wear to college? Go to Costco or Target. Don't go to a mall and pay mall prices.
I graduated from college with a degree in Women's Studies (now it's called Feminist Studies) in 1995. I took a lot of classes where it seemed that the objective of the class was to purposefully push your buttons so that you could explore where your discomfort was coming from. I found the whole experience to be quite educational. At the same time I was selling flowers on the street corner in a largely Mexican neighborhood so it was weird to see the difference between the culture as described by a Chicana feminist vs. these ladies coming by every day to buy flowers for the cemetery or these men buying flowers for their girlfriends. These two worlds did not seem like the same place, in my opinion, and that experience kept me grounded in reality, in a world of real people. One Chicana feminist writer, Cherrie Moraga, wrote that the danger was in ranking oppressions. That always stuck with me. I think a lot of this stifling environment that the OP writes about might partly be caused by the arms race of ranking oppression. You've got to have oppression at least as bad as the worst off to avoid having someone call you out on your privilege, even if you have to practically manufacture some kind of oppression out of your own emotional problems (of which there seem to be plenty which may be caused by forcing kids to live highly structured lives constantly under adult supervision). In the end I came to see identity politics as a bad path to freedom and equality, but if anything, there is more identity politics on both ends of the political spectrum and inward into the individual as there ever has been. If I were in charge, I would make sure that all undergraduates and their families understood that it was the intention of the university to challenge and disturb every student, and if they weren't into that, they should attend a different institution.
That's one thing Ray Jardine writes about in his book The PCT Hiker's Handbook. In the final chapter he writes about how we all spend our lives striving for comfort, security and status and how spending time out there you realize that none of those things are a path to real happiness, nor are they actually achievable. You come to see how they matter very little and that true fulfillment is found elsewhere. It's so hard to maintain that outlook once you come back to the regular world, though.
I should have taken classes in computer programming back when those programming classes were about Basic and Fortran.
Let her get it out of her system. Let her lay the eggs and sit on them for a while. Then take them all away at the same time a couple weeks later. My 23-year-old conure laid an egg this spring after many years of not laying any eggs. I took it away after she sat on it for 1 week. Too soon. She laid another. So I gave her two weeks of sitting for the 2nd one and now she's done with it.
I name them all Saturday and remind you I only work Monday through Friday.
It was an unseasonably cool May in Southern California as well.
Jeezus it hasn't changed at all. - I'm still planning for a backpack trip this summer - I'm still eating canned salmon and sweet potatoes for lunch - I'm still sitting at the same desk in the same office with the same job - I'm still driving the same vehicles - Hell, I'm probably wearing the same clothes as June 3, 2014 since what I'm wearing is more than a year old.
I created my own module. The zip part is a custom function that uses PHP ZipArchive to unzip the file after upload. http://php.net/manual/en/class.ziparchive.php Looks like and extra for IMCE now does this. https://www.drupal.org/project/imce_unzip Come to think of it, I think I got the code for my custom module from this: https://www.drupal.org/node/956790 .
My module didn't actually do this on creation of a node. I created a separate administration page for this. If I can find it, or maybe if I can find the example I stole the code from, maybe I can post something for you.
This is true as I've observed the average size of Costco shoppers get ever larger since we got a Costco.
I prefer the 1000 sheets per roll tp. It lasts way longer than any other kind.
We've given up on printers, too. If we get another printer it will be a high-quality laser printer. Otherwise, we take stuff to work or to a copy shop and print it there.
That's when they pulled out the fiddles and banjos and did a square dance with a caller.
My vision issue is I'm well over 40 years old.
Your hosting company will probably have php available, so find a free form script that sends the details of a form via email and you'll at least have something up quickly. Try to find one that gets good reviews, that has some protections against abuse. Your hosting company might even have one available that it has vetted and approved with a one-click install. All you would have to do is customize the appearance of it.
This is spot on.
I have an associates degree in geology and a BA in Women's Studies. I've taken a few undergraduate programming classes and some university extension classes along the way to broaden my skills. That's been more than enough to get and keep a job in this field. If you are planning on going to college, I'd go for a real computer science degree. Don't bother with a web design degree or anything less rigorous than that (really avoid anything that sounds like it came out of ITT Tech or Devry). You don't need a degree to work in this field, but having a CS degree will give you way more options and more potential for growth.
Something like that would be very handy to have. For splinters, for example. Thanks for that suggestion!
A 1L MSR Titanium kettle is the ONE pot. You can make mashed potatoes, oatmeal, ramen, pasta, mountain house if you're feeling fancy, coffee, pudding or anything you want over your pepsi-can alcohol stove. It's light, the alcohol stove fits inside and you can find a small titanium spoon that fits inside, too. Put this in your backpack and you are good to go, wilderness or wherever. At home, just get a big frying pan with a lid. Heavy bottom if you want to make steak. 99% of the meals we make at home use a pan and in a pinch, I suppose we could use it instead of a pot for some of the other things.
No no you cannot save money baking your own bread. Because you are compelled to eat it all immediately fresh and warm because it smells so darn good and is so irresistible.
Start with family and friends. See if they or their family and friends have anything they don't want anymore.
I'm not a big guy, I'm a small older lady. I was very self-conscious the other day because the plates were set up in a way that would be noticeable that it was quite a lot of weight. I was afraid that any deviation from good form would have people tsk-tsking behind my back, so I cut a few sets short rather than risk the scorn. I don't mind it when I'm resting and someone tells me they've seen me lift before and are impressed but it does freak me out a little to be watched while I'm doing it.
Except that I'm strong enough to get attention.
If you have an avian vet you could ask for a necropsy.
We calculated that printing things at home cost us about $20 a sheet. Ink jet printers--Never Again!
The dollar store Crystal Light type stuff is what we go there for. And reading glasses. We don't have kids.
Even better is the views content cache module. Set a view to update when nodes are created/updated.
What did you do for money from age 51 to age 59.5?
I changed bobbin and thread and cleaned out the bobbin area and the little tension circular things and that seemed to improve it.
I use those things and I still don't think my privacy is absolute.
I don't know anything about organic groups. The module lets you set your views cache based on whether nodes are created/updated/deleted. Obviously this is problematic when you want the view to update when associated nodequeues are changed, for example, because that isn't a trigger. I suppose if your organic groups situation is similar to wanting an external event to trigger the content cache, you'll have similar non-results.
It's a Lexmark of some sort. It's a total lemon. I think the only thing I ever printed was maybe 1 short PDF and my taxes. It has rarely worked. $20 a sheet may be an exaggeration, but it can't be far off because it has hardly been used and simply refuses to work.
The hem is ironed. I did put the wrong side of the waist band on. Also, the waist band was sort of a mistake. When I cut out the waist hole I don't know what happened, it was way too huge. So I had to gather the top and add this waist band. It was a good test though so now maybe I can try again with nicer fabric.
The wrong side is intentionally out because I used an old sheet or comforter cover or I don't know what it was. The right side was all pilled so I turned it over. But then the waist band I messed up. I usually wear shirts untucked so nobody will ever see it anyway.
I posted one last night - gathered half-circle skirt. It's pretty beginner-ish but I have to start somewhere.
Oh, the hemming I didn't mind. I didn't do a very good job of it. I folded it over only once, ironed it and sewed it. Went for a ride on my scooter wearing the skirt and then had all these threads to cut off that had flapped in the breeze and gotten loose. Seems problematic to fold over twice. The more you roll the fabric, the more the difference in circumference becomes apparent. I'm not sure what to do about that.
I'm glad she found a good home, but part of me also thinks that these pet shops are rewarded for not taking better care of their birds whenever someone rescues one of their worse-off birds.
I think a large amount of people with a full-time job (aka workin' 9-5) actually end up working a hell of a lot more than that.
What kind of bird is that? Is he a pionus? He's really handsome.
It should make all of us angry. We regular people are getting the shaft. There's almost nothing left that we can do to attain a middle-class life.
Thrift store is the best option really. Alternatively, if all you want is fast-drying performance fabric, pretty much any lightweight polyester, nylon, polyester/cotton or nylon/cotton blend shirt will work. Lightweight being the key.
Some people do choose it and some people have the type of job that might make self-employment more attractive. But the vast majority of people do not. Contract work is disadvantageous for most of us and a lot of employers are screwing us by offering it and playing up the lifestyle advantages while hiding the fact that what they are doing is externalizing the risks and the costs of labor onto the employee. The reality is that it's expensive to work this way and unless they are paying significantly larger salaries, you're coming out behind. I did some contract work and made $14,000. After taxes, only about $9000 of that was mine. I got no health insurance as a result of my contract work, no paid time off, I had to purchase my own equipment. I did it on top of my regular job and in the end I didn't think the extra time I spent doing this was worth it.
I don't have that kind of machine. I have a workhorse Pfaff 322 probably from the 1960s. It does straight and zig-zag stitches.
My cockatoo does this, too. And if she just drops it but you pick it up, suddenly it becomes The One Feather, her Precioussss.
That same American culture produced people like Anish: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pgDeh2XDNY4
I find the opposite has occurred. I'm a woman so it's natural to see nothing but flaws. But as I've gotten stronger and more capable I feel pride in what my body can do and care a whole lot less whether it meets some ridiculous ideal. My body is also firmer, so even though it's the same size (or maybe even a little bigger), I just feel better in my body.
I don't have a fabric shop at all in my town, so fabric simply is not available. So far I'm just using sheets and things from the thrift store or the free box. Once I feel like I'm qualified to use "real" material, I'll order something online.
I think there actually is and it's a branch of the teamsters.
I wish we would just get rid of debates all together. And ads. Instead we should allot each candidate a specific amount of time on the air to say their piece. Perhaps have a moderator or town-hall style general public ask them questions, but no debate. Instead of ads, let each candidate present a simple fact sheet of their own position.
I have not seen a single thing about him on the regular network TV news or in the Los Angeles Times newspaper, so no, he's not visible on old media at all. I only get the paper Thursday through Sunday though, so there might have been something I missed.
Soaking up some sun and scheming what next to destroy.
You've got mice.
Either your bird likes your parents and no longer likes you, or your bird is in love with you and wants to attack your parents, but because it can't reach them, bites you instead. My conure is like this. She loves me and hates my boyfriend. Will bite the shit out of him. Will sometimes bite me instead if she can't reach him. When I'm gone, she will tolerate him and not bite, even step up on his finger. When I return from being away on a vacation and pick her up from the boarding place, I cannot be the one who removes her from the boarding cage. I have to let the staff do it or she'll bite the living daylights out of me. Then I have to leave her alone in her cage at home for a while or else I will get some nasty bites. When she's done with her pouting and rage, all is back to normal again and she's sweet and lovey again. We've had to come to an arrangement over the years. I have to accommodate her quirks.
Yes, I will never get another bird. I've been saying that for about 20 years now though. They live so long.
What kind of bird? You could try wrapping it in mesh medical tape. There's a kind that sticks to itself without adhesive on the back. I forget what it's called.
I've been wondering something similar myself. I can lift a whole lot more than I could at first. Does it stress my body more or less? It feels like less stress but maybe I'm just in better shape now. Flesh is flesh so putting 200 more pounds on it has to stress it more than 100 did, right? Also, I'm a woman so it's not like I'm going to get bigger and bigger muscles. Sure I have a little more muscle than at first, but do I need to keep stuffing my face with protein indefinitely?
I eat canned fish nearly every day. Usually salmon, sometimes tuna. Sometimes I'll change it up and have chicken. What's really good is spam misubi. It's like a Hawaiian spam sushi roll.
&gt; This is why it is recommended to still work when you have DOMS. Sometimes it comes down to hours with my recovery and the next stress. I'll still have the DOMS in the morning and be wondering how on earth I'm going to go lift as I climb the steps to my office, and then 4 hours later at lunch I go lift. That 4 hours made all the difference.
I think it's fire. There was a previous picture with fire in the background. I think the fire finally reached the camera.
My thrift stores tend to be fairly pricy, but I have found that sheets, duvet covers and curtains can be pretty economical as far as raw materials to make stuff. Also men's XXL clothing works well. I made a skirt from an XXL Hawaiian shirt that I found for free (the thrift store will charge up to $20 or more sometimes) and another from some ugly basketball shorts I also found for free. I also turned a pair of capris I bought that were just too tight into a skirt. So far skirts are all I've made, but I think I'm going to try fixing some holes in my jeans in some kind of creative way.
So basically, haldol. And for some species, haldol and xanax. And to prevent it, birds should be raised by birds, not hand-raised, but good luck with that because it's not profitable to not hand-raise birds because hand-raising them gives you two or three clutches per year and letting the birds raise their own babies gives you only one. Plus consumers don't want non-hand-raised birds, but we should start asking for them. And then of course we should give them good, stimulating environments to live in and let them fly. I can say that my conure used to chew off her wing and tail feathers when she was stressed out. This usually happened when I took her for boarding. I hoped I could appeal to her vanity so I let her grow out her wings and forced her to learn to fly (she's like a blimp and she doesn't like to fly). This really helped. She doesn't chew her feathers anymore, not even when she goes for boarding. Maybe she thinks she's too pretty now. Our cockatoo picks her feathers just a little. She probably should try the haldol because we do everything else. She flies in the house, she has "work" to do, she can make a big mess without getting in trouble, she's got an outdoor cage, she can almost fly to us on command (still learning and she gets scared she'll fall out of trees). But she still overpreens and picks her leg feathers.
Gratitude lists are always a good idea. But what worked really well for me was to hike a long trail like the Pacific Crest Trail. That stupid trail beat the lesson of life into me. I got to the point where if there was a huge mountain or 10 of them in my way, I simply climbed them all. If I was soaking wet and the trail wanted to keep raining on me and slapping me in the face with wet bushes, I would just keep hiking soaking wet in the rain and wet bushes. If my feet hurt and I still had hundreds of miles to go, I'd go the hundreds of miles with hurt feet. If I was lonely and there was nobody to talk to for days, I walked in silence for days. If my gear broke, I figured out how to fix it and kept going. Eventually I learned. It doesn't matter. You just keep going. And what's your reward? To see a wooden post in a clear-cut. And then go get a job. There really is no reward at the end. Just keep moving. The reward is in the doing.
No, they really are a real thing. A regular juicer that you just smoosh the lemon on works better though.
I'm a total novice about these things, but can you use lycra binding tape?
I get sheets, curtains, table clothes, duvet covers, pillowcases etc. from the thrift store or from a freebox in my town.
I'm not a purse-type person at all, but I would carry that purse. That's awesome. I love the two contrasting patterns.
You can taste pretty much anything without dying.
You have termites.
In all the times I have lost weight it worked best to walk, not to run. Hills and stadium steps for more strenuousness.
I made a cute skirt out of a ginormous Hawaiian shirt. The shirt was all frayed and ruined. There's a lot of freedom when you are learning using stuff like this. You can't really ruin it and waste money if it's already ruined to begin with.
Thank you. It's a bit frumpy, maybe too long. I figured I would err on the side of too long at first. I'm not sure pockets on bias-cut fabric is very durable, but this fabric is pretty strong.
&gt; Going to the gym is the most efficient and cheapest ways to improve my fitness. Actually it isn't. It costs absolutely nothing to take a walk or go for a jog outdoors in the sunlight. You don't need special clothing and shoes, either. Just something comfortable.
An interesting tool I learned about at DrupalCon is Patternlab. http://patternlab.io/ If designers could learn to design in patterns rather than build little photoshop posters of the pages, I think we'd all be better off.
She needs help. You must scratch her little head and help those sheathes to come off. Do this and you will forever be her best friend forever. Maybe she'll even return the favor and preen you eyelashes.
Oh, that's sad. Every night I get a full facial from my conure.
I'm a lot older than you and female on top of it. You could do either starting strength or stronglifts and it wouldn't make a heck of a lot of difference. Even starting strength doesn't recommend power cleans for "the elderly", which you certainly aren't but I might qualify for. I've never done them in any case and haven't suffered for the lack. You don't even have to substitute rows for them, either. I found that the 3x5 was adequate stress to make progress. 5x5 isn't necessary. These days I do 4x3 (4 sets of 3) or 4x5. I still continue to make progress 2.5 years later. I go up by 1.25 or 2.5lbs a week. I don't think a PT is the right choice. If you can, try to get a coaching session from a Starting Strength coach. They will teach you the lifts and make any recommendations for you about programming. You don't have to go see them forever. You can see the coach once and then go back again some time in the future when you feel it's needed. The best thing is you will know they know their shit. Getting a Starting Strength certificate is really hard.
You can get pet burger from US Wellness Meats and it will be nutritious enough for you to eat plus grass-fed. Lots of organ meats, which of course are full of vitamins.
I bought barbell weights (255lbs) and a rack to store it and a bar, all used, for $75. If I could find a cheap squat rack and maybe another 100lbs of weight I'd be set for life.
I look every now and then. Someday I will get lucky. I'm not sure I can build anything I would trust my life with.
This summer, for a little bit of it, I'm loading up my backpack and driving my boyfriend to the Pacific Crest Trail in Sierra City. I'm going to hike with him for 5 days, then say bye, drive home and spend some time cleaning this hoarder's mess we call our house and doing a little sewing. I might even take his horrible loveseat thing to the dump and then pretend I don't know what on earth happened to it.
I couldn't listen to even 30 seconds of the video because of that music. Gag.
I believe that was actually the author's last paragraph.
That's beautiful. I wish I had a figure like that.
Did you use a pattern or did you draft the pattern yourself? I like the shoulders.
That's exactly where I screamed bullshit. I gave it a few more paragraphs before I just had to close this article. Being true to yourself means that you don't sacrifice your values to be something someone else wants you to be. You don't have to have a deep and philosophical understanding of your values. You simple have to know when that little knot of indigestion is telling you something. In other words, listen to your gut instinct. If it says "I don't know, this seems shady" or "I really love him/her but I'm not sure I want to give up XYZ for him/her" LISTEN to that.
I'd like to disagree with not attaching any value to possessions. For example, I have some possessions that I have attached enough value to them that I still use them 10, 15, 20 years later. Isn't it more minimalistic to use the same useful things for decades rather than to throw out everything and start over?
I did commit career suicide once. Was out of full-time work for 2 years (and out of all work for parts of those 2 years.) I was paid in wildflowers and was the richest woman in the world for a while. It wasn't so suicidal. I'm back in the cube farm once again, counting the years. Even a big recession didn't kill my ability to get back into it. If you can leave, maybe you should. I recommend having something that is pulling you toward leaving, though. Just being aimless won't be as positive.
I am SOOO jealous. You have no idea.
I believe their unique twist is that they use the domain name only and thus can provide a less heavy means of initial filtering.
You will be petting that bird for the rest of your life! He looks so sweet. Glad to hear he'll be happy and loved now.
Birds should not be allowed to be so cute. It hurts too much!
My bird's usually quite proud of herself when she's wet.
That's really nice. Looks more comfortable than the Adirondack chairs my boyfriend made from a kit, too.
I have BeautifulSoup installed. That might work. I did manage to just wget some stuff, but had to move all the files out of the nested directories in order to have solr index it. The nice thing was the real URL to the original document was a field in solr and was preserved after moving all the files, so maybe that's enough.
The feathered, more modern kind are pretty bad, too.
In addition to the stuff about posture and awareness, deadlift. A strong back will help you maintain better posture.
Anectdotally, as a middle-aged woman, I can eat more without gaining weight than I used to be able to before I started lifting weights. And I can lose weight a lot faster than I used to be able to. But I can still gain a lot of fat easily if I'm not careful. Basically, it is easier to maintain my figure, which admittedly isn't going to win any beauty contests, but at least I no longer struggle to stay this size. My clothes never shrink in the drier anymore.
People don't know if the empty bar is because that's all you are strong enough to lift, it's what you're on schedule to lift because of your program, or if you are doing some kind of rehab for an injury.
My conure licks my face if I'm salty with sweat. Otherwise she mostly nibbles and preens my face. Every night we have a nightly nibble session. First she does me, then I pet her fluffy little head, then it's bedtime for birds.
Burt's Bees honey lib balm.
You can fix that with a needle and thread. You can use a seam sealer, like for tents, to seal the seam if you find that necessary. I wouldn't think it's necessary. The pocket is pretty far up and wouldn't get hit by very much rain. Seam sealer would look ugly, too, so don't do it unless it's absolutely necessary.
I kinda like that folded side-button waist idea you came up with.
For me it depends what stage of development I'm in. If I'm just in the development phase, I don't bother. If the site is on the production server, I will make a backup. I usually don't have any problems updating modules, and when I do, I can usually fix it pretty easily. But I don't want that kind of pressure on a live website, so I'm more cautious.
Awesome! The bones on the grill looked good enough to eat, too.
So pretty. Looks like my Ariel.
Maybe if Uber really did simply link people together without putting a lot of employer-type demands on drivers then they can succeed and be what they are supposed to be.
The thing is, they are going to need that stuff to start their new lives.
I'm older than a lot of redditors. It has been pretty devastating to observe over the decades how badly retirement security has been decimated. Shouting "get a job old man" at people isn't a viable outlook. If this country continues the way it's going I hope they at least decriminalize homelessness. We're going to need some shantytowns.
You mean it seems like a great way to get on a sucker list that they can then sell to marketers and other campaigns so that you can get bombarded by crappy emails. Right?
The concierge.
Please don't do this. I hate it when people go into the backcountry and build shelters out of the trees. It's not necessary and it's not leave no trace.
Don't have AC. I don't need it most of the time. When there is a heat wave I just suffer. Sometimes I have to lay on the floor. Sometimes we turn on a fan. I often wish we could sleep in the back yard but there are too many skunks, raccoons and possums out there.
Go have a consult with an accountant so you know what kinds of bookkeeping you need to do. You may also want to take some marketing classes. As a business owner you will be more successful if you understand marketing and accounting as that will be your primary focus now, not twiddling around with code. The code is the easy part.
Dang. My cockatoo just attacks my buns.
I would like to be doing actual work if I'm going to waste so many hours of my life sitting there.
You can go to Texas.
You will have thimbleberries soon. I was in Sierra and Plumas county last week. I saw a few puffball mushrooms past their prime and a couple of onions at altitude.
I don't begrudge anyone their preferences for a large house, but where I live (Southern California) there aren't enough smaller rentals. The rental market is really tough. People have to cram roommates into studio apartments, people share bedrooms and still pay over $1000 a month for rent, and many home owners have at least one illegal rental unit in their house just to afford to live in a house at all.
I used to work in mental health. I had a lot of neighbors of the group home where I worked demand I kick out residents that they didn't like. Legally I cannot evict people just because they are not pleasant to be around. People have a constitutional right to be assholes.
The best thing to do is learn about responsive design. You probably do not need separate layouts at all.
My boyfriend's house burnt down a while back and he replaced it with a manufactured home. He was really happy with it. He tells people that a manufactured home is kind of like a webapp in that it's gone through many iterations and based on feedback from owners, the design has been refined. All the little details tend to be well thought out.
That article was about a lot more than just bloated pages and long load times. It was pretty interesting. As to his point at the very end, I don't think we can ever go back. I think the passive consumerist overly complicated surveillance web that funnels money and knowledge only one way is only going to get worse. The good old days are over.
Do it, but set the date as December 31, 2016.
It works great. We bring our cups and our newspaper and walk to the coffee place for a nice simple morning out. With our own cups, the coffee stays hotter longer.
My first bird back when I was a teenager was a lovebird. He would masturbate on my cat's head. She loved it because she had terrible flea bites and she would purr and purr.
Trainers do train people to use barbells. You just have to ask them to train you on them. You also may have to ask what kinds of qualifications they have for barbell training and you may have to shop around to find the right trainer. But I've been to three trainers specifically for barbell training.
Thank you. These look helpful.
Praise the lord, finally something that actually worked! Thank you so much!
I've got to try this with my cockatoo.
rake routes: users GET /users(.:format) users#index POST /users(.:format) users#create new_user GET /users/new(.:format) users#new edit_user GET /users/:id/edit(.:format) users#edit user GET /users/:id(.:format) users#show PATCH /users/:id(.:format) users#update PUT /users/:id(.:format) users#update DELETE /users/:id(.:format) users#destroy In routes.rb users isn't nested or anything, but it does nest things itself: resources :users do resources :schedules resources :contacts resources :alerts end This problem is for pretty much all my routes, not just users. But it only affects tests as all routes work fine in the browser.
I accidentally replied in the wrong place. https://www.reddit.com/r/rails/comments/401t3y/why_in_my_tests_does_get_show_id_user_work_but/
Okay. I suppose it make sense. Odd that it works in the railstutorial.org app but not my own app.
People here like to complain about stuff like this but it's your chance to make a difference. Even if the boss has no idea you cleaned it up or doesn't care, you know you made a difference. It feels good.
I do the same thing. Paper towels are for gross things and for things that are hard to wash out of a towel. Towels are for drying things off. Sponges are for scrubbing and cleaning.
Bosses don't care about most things that you care about. That doesn't mean you can't still take some pride in having improved something. I find this is how I find joy in otherwise joyless work.
Yeah. I've always worked for a salary and I have always had tons of time to twiddle my thumbs. I find refactoring to be better than actually twiddling my thumbs.
I am just not interested in living paycheck-to-paycheck. I want to know that The Man can fire me today and I can live for a couple years without being desperate to find a job and end up settling for a crap job. If that doesn't happen well then I like knowing I can tell The Man to go F himself and set off on adventures instead of putting up with his BS. One time I did just that. I quit my job and spent two years hiking the Pacific Crest Trail instead of working. I also like knowing my vehicle can blow up and I can just pay cash for a new one (been there, done that) and I like knowing that I can probably retire in something better than a cardboard box.
I am a morning person. I try to get up at 5:30AM so I can sit and read the computer for a while. Hopefully during that time things will be, eh, ready to move, if you understand me. If I instead get up at 6AM, the heat comes on and I can sit on the couch with a blanket over my lap and the heat will come up under the couch and fill the blanket with heat. It's so delightful. I'll sit there for a little while reading the computer. After that, I go take my shower, eat some breakfast, feed my birds and go to work.
It fades glass into beach glass, so why not? It's probably some kind of man-made object that's been rolling around in the waves for a while.
Ah, thank you. That explains it. I swear I spend more time learning and trying to figure out why my tests don't work than I actually do on the application.
Seriously forget the calories burned while lifting. That's not what weight lifting is for. It's for building new muscle tissue. To build new muscle tissue you must eat enough and you must stimulate the process by lifting weight. The only thing you really need to measure is the weight of what you are lifting. Did you lift more than before or not? If not, you're going to have to adjust one or the other of what you ate or what you tried to lift. As a woman, and an older one at that, I can tell you that even someone like me who lifts without worrying about the calories ends up solid as a fucking rock eventually. The only thing I worry about is did I lift more. I don't always lift more but my efforts are always toward that end.
If you want to be able to eat a lot of protein and also maintain a pretty stiff calorie deficit, you're going to have to set up a situation where your calorie requirement is fairly high so that the 1000 calorie deficit doesn't have you on meager rations. You can do that by getting a lot of exercise.
Just so you get not just freelancers answering, I have never been solely a freelancer and the few times I've done it I hated it. My first job was a temporary job to make some wireframes for a product. When I got that job all I knew how to do was use Dreamweaver to make a website. I ended up staying with that company for 5 years and learned a little Java. I highly recommend finding a job (that you are qualified for) and learning from smarter people than you. If you do a freelance job, you won't have anyone smarter than you to learn from, but you could still try it anyway. Whether you succeed or fail you will still learn a lot.
College should be free and it should be paid for by corporations. They are the ones demanding an educated workforce and we are all expected more and more to use college as a sort of job-training or job-preparation activity. So if they want educated workers they should pay for it. Otherwise let us learn the stuff that actually interests us and don't make it a requirement for getting a decent job. Most jobs really don't need you to know all that stuff you learn in college.
You might be able to accomplish something using several taxonomies on your nodes and providing a search (exposed filter) with a couple of select boxes. You won't get URLs like that. Instead you'll get query strings on your URLs. Otherwise you should construct a single taxonomy carefully so that you can use terms with depth. If I were you I'd spend an afternoon creating a whole bunch of views trying this and that to see if you can accomplish this. Try it on a copy of the site so you can break things and start over and over again however many times it takes.
Companies should train us on their dime and if that comes out as higher prices for whatever the company makes, so be it. If I make software to manage inventory then my company's customers can pay the higher prices. It's worth it to them if they want a decent product. If I teach school (primary or secondary), then the government can pay for my education if it wants educated citizens. Since I as a citizen (and thus the owner of a government that is by and for the people) want educated citizens who will vote with intelligence, I'm happy to pay taxes for this.
It already comes out of my pocket in the end anyway. I do not like living in a world where young people are indebted up to their eyeballs or where most people are so stupid they can barely read. This depresses the economy in a way that affects me. Let companies pay for the education they require directly. That will save everyone money because people won't have to play the guessing game lottery with their futures. Am I majoring in something that will pay off? How can I even know anymore? What I do for a living didn't even exist when I was 20 years old.
You need to climb mountains. Start climbing mountains. As you work your way up climbing ever more technical and ever higher mountains, you will learn a lot about your body and what it takes to climb a mountain like Everest. It sounds like you have zero experience and aren't even physically fit, so start with the mountains closest to you. Start hiking and backpacking and join a climbing gym to learn technical climbing and to meet like-minded people.
It's an egg inside an egg, but it's not fully-formed. Sometimes an egg forms inside another egg. There was a video with a big egg I saw recently that did have a fully-formed second egg inside. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_wubgAIiWpY
Is there a spider or maybe a tiny fly?
I think what you are seeking is a nice text editor that will give you syntax highlighting for whatever language you're working with. There are many that are free. Go in search and try them out until you find one you like.
That stuff doesn't really exist. It's just electrons. Turn it off and it's not really there anymore. Go outside in the real world. Talk to some actual people. Do things without blogging or taking selfies or facebooking about them. Join something that has you interacting with other people. Learn how to do something physical with your body.
I actually think the thing is plastic, not glass.
At what point do you get the error? Have you looked in your server's error logs?
Yeah, I ain't got time for 15-30 sets of squats!
I don't think we want to drop anything. Just add new. It's kind of a way around having to have any kind of administrative interface for entering all this data. I'll see if I can do this with yml files.
Your PHP isn't working. That's your problem. It can't find some module. You need to fix your PHP installation.
I had a job almost as shitty as that one. I quit with no notice. Some jobs don't deserve any notice.
Great thank you. I will have a good project to work on now.
I was only offering a little help to anyone who might ever have this happen to them. Even if that lady is being a slob, it's because she's probably humiliated. I had no idea what was wrong with me.
Can you eat coconut? Coconut butter is delicious. It goes by the name coconut butter or coconut manna. It's like a very finely ground paste of coconut and is not the same as coconut oil.
Perhaps, if there's one on the other side, it aids in hanging it on a hanger, the type of hanger that isn't a closed triangle?
If the image is a field, you can do this with a view. Create a block view, select the image and use the rewriting rules to output the image as an embed code. Use contextual filters to make sure it only shows an individual node's image. Add your view block to the content region of that type of node. It will pick up the node id and should display the embed code.
Interesting. I had an experience where I had a sense of "teflonic identity maneuvering" as it seems to be described in the article. I was working at a small company with an abusive boss who walked around the office yelling at people all day. Saying really inappropriate things compared to normal modern workplaces. People working there seemed really beaten down and afraid. I had just come off a two-year sabbatical where I had hiked the Pacific Crest Trail. I had this sense that nothing in this so-called "real" world was really all that real, and that no matter what anybody tried to say or do, I had just walked 3000 miles, they couldn't take away my identity or my memories or my self-knowledge of my strengths, weaknesses and capabilities. They couldn't redefine me because I knew myself too well and could see too easily through all the phoniness of regular life. Normally I get really flustered and might even cry if someone yells at me. When this man yelled at me I would get a sense of astonishment. He seemed like a caricature. It was almost funny. It seemed unbelievable. I had no problem with it because it seemed so disconnected from reality to me. I don't think this was a coping mechanism so much as just a huge disconnect between the world view I had vs. the unbelievable one that this external force was trying to get me to accept. I just couldn't accept it.
I really like handpan music. It's got no words, it's gentle and mysterious sounding.
I liked that Obama brought up the changing nature of work and how trends that allow large corporations to obtain labor anywhere in the world as well as the pressures on them to do so are making it so hard for citizens to get and stay out of poverty. I hope that whoever becomes the next president works on this a lot more. In the case of Bernie, I don't know that he has been nuanced enough about it in his message. He likes to frame things very simply in black/white terms. In the case of Hillary I don't really think she cares all that much, or if she does, I think she believes what's good for corporate America is good for everybody, and so she's more than happy to just keep making life grand for corporate America and not pay much attention to the rest of us.
Keep a journal.
Dark chocolate and peanut butter and jelly lara bars. Score.
I'm not trying to insult you. I used to work with a lawyer who used to be a programmer and he was actually trying to automate his own job and succeeding to some extent.
I was under the impression that a wide stance is to accommodate long femurs.
I'd just find a way to eliminate the preview button. Make them submit the data, don't let them preview.
It's possible after 3 1/2 hours he'll have to get used to it. Just do what you can to make it safe for him and then as hard as it is, bite the bullet and do it.
I hate that this is okay in the US. Our carpet is a disaster because my partner refuses to ever be without shoes.
You haven't been to India. They eat everything with their hands, and oddly their food is mostly runny gravies and rice.
I go to the gym on my lunch break and eat my lunch at my desk.
Their site doesn't have a navigation bar on mobile.
Yes, I agree. I was just ribbing this article because it didn't quite do what it said should be done. And I'm a fan of hamburger menus, which they used. I'm sure someone will say something about that.
Thank you. I got a sense from the article that there was an assumption that highly driven investment bankers are sociopaths, so let's go looking for traits that might indicate sociopathy. Perhaps it's more of the nature of how you see the world when you feel like you're sort of outside or immune to its rules. Or maybe it's just healthy detachment.
A fancy word that means "Super Diet Hack for Effortless Weight Loss" but really just means skipping a meal or two now and then.
Boing. Boing. Boing. Boing. Boing boing. Boing boing. Boing boing. Boingboingboingboingboingboingboingboingboing booiboiboiboiboiboiboibobiobiboibbobobiobodioobodiboboboiboibiobbioboiobboibobiobiobioboib!!!!!!
I'm betting that most gadgets for babies didn't exist 50 years ago, but I did exist 50 years ago and I know I had a nice childhood and grew up fine. So remember that when you start thinking oh my god I really really need that!
