Noooooo that's crazy.
Stephanie Powers FTW.
Is it that good? Might snag it on VoD tonight.
Knew what that was before I clicked it. My jaw dropped when I saw the replay.
Scumbag Steve-ette is kinda cute.
*TWO* disk drives? What sorcery is this!?
Internet fist bump!
Damn that's pretty cool. I wonder if there's a map anywhere that shows what would happen to The Netherlands though if the water levels start rising.
And it was EVERYWHERE. You know what? Fuck Clearchannel and all those companies. I live in NYC, and I can hear the same song playing at the same time on 4 different stations, with about 10 total songs in a rotation that has 30 mins of commercials per hour. And they wonder why no one's buying music. The radio sucks.
I reckon philosophy was just picking up around the same time. Each culture was separated, but still had a large population whch enabled thinkers to emerge.
I'm amazed ships that big can make it that far up the river.
"There's a special place in hell for people who waste good scotch." Damn skippy, Mike.
FWIW, the Apollo 13 example is a whole huge bit of "things broke". And they had to miraculously engineer the bits to keep them alive. So I forgive that trope, given it's real-life inspiration.
The trailer spoiled everything. Both ships blowing up and crashing, when the premise is "one ship exploring" sort of gives up the ghost. Fury Road's trailer didn't show anything past the first half hour. Far better for maintaining some opaqueness.
Texas &gt; Michigan. I'm done with those guys. Can't wait for the Austin trip next year.
We're one of three teams to NEVER have scheduled an FCS team. UMass was a gift to a head coach, and we also have a huge problem scheduling P5 games in November (no one wants to play OOC at that point), which is why we ended up in your league (sort of).
Apparently fact = downvotes or something.
Isn't that why they have malpractice insurance? Obviously the doctor wasn't trying to hurt his father, but you'd think that a mistake like that would warrant a free fix for the patient and no fees charged on top.
Jonah Hill. I just can't.
It's really, really good. Give it a few episodes to take off, but it's worth it.
God that show is hilarious. "You...you said it? You said 'bitch'?"
I was like " yup, that is exactly what you should do right now.."
Easy there Colin Powell.
Can't hate on that user name.
So is she like the CEO of Reddit or something?
Write the formula for permutations and combinations on the inside of your wrist with a pencil. I've been told that helps...
Ooof, Congo. What a phenomenal book that got insanely cocked up in the translation. Laura Linney with a laser rifle though... But yeah, read the book, it's extremely interesting, and goes into way more depth. You'll hate the switch-ups they did for the movie after reading it.
Dat flair, tho. Pouring one out for the brothers left behind?
Fuck Ellaria so hard. God that was awful. Beautifully executed Chekov's gun, though. Slowclap.jpg for that one.
Uh, Myrcella?
You got a whole lot tonight.
What am I looking at here? Is that thing sitting on a jack on that tiny little bracket?
Aren't you guys eventually hooking up the two lines through downtown?
I too would love to find out where to apply. Is DART hiring at the moment? I'd love to work on the D2 project.
In the original Final Fantasy, that one spot on the Southeastern continent where the monsters form the NE continent show up. It's like 4 squares total (1 square = one move of the character width). You could level up like whoa and bang out almost all of the southern side with ease.
Are you sure? I thought it was a WWII episode, the one with the kids with the gas mask, where Jack saves the bomb from going off right as it drops, then Nine and Rose pick him up in space. Was that not the one?
Break the deal, spin the wheel.
My first day in Oz, a japanese guy in his underwear almost drowned me at Bondi, when we were only on the sandbar. Had to shake him off me, then drag him into the beach. Probably should've just put my hand up and let the SLC guys grab him.
If Pitt's football team is suddenly disbanded, then yes.
You could tell Paxton loved every second of that role. Probably because he didn't get killed by an alien life form this time. But he's trying to keep from having a shit eating grin the whole time he's on camera.
Thanks. The hiking does look pretty inviting. I am a huge nerd, so I'll probably check out some BSG filming sites, as well. Should be interesting.
Timing is everything.
Oh god, that Orange bowl booing was epic. I saw it live, only thing I remember about that game. I think Southern Cal stomped OKlahoma, so everyone turned it off pretty quick.
The question I've never seen answered, was it straight or gay porn?
Christopher McDonald, SLC Punk.
Unless it's the Thresher. That's basically my worst nightmare.
In fairness, the walkability situation in Orlando is beyond dreadful. Autopian nightmare.
Fuck that. Merrit/WCP &gt; 91 &gt; Charter Oak Bridge &gt; 84 &gt; 90. 3 hrs Boston to NYC if you do it right. I-95 in Eastern CT is awful.
Does Girard ave run through the former Northern Liberties? Seems like that's close enough in, but just outside Billy Penn's map.
Oh man I remember that game, y'all biffed hard.
Greetings form the other side of the state. MY boss who lives in CT mentioned HSBC was selling all their branches, so I moved to schwab, but they didn't close any of the Manhattan branches that I can tell. Seems to be a suburbs only move. FWIW, I've been to buffalo. As proof, Duff's &gt; Anchor Bar.
As someone born in Macon who's spent the last decade+ in NYC, I will happily sign on to that union.
Man, I'm a hairy fucking white dude, would love to trade for almost no facial hair.
I worry if he's rubbing sticks together...
Well, Jotunheim is up the top re altitude, which negates the warming effects of being on the water like in Lofoten.
The ones I've seen in the store list only around 3grams of sugars. Is that not accurate?
So where'd they drop that new opera house?
I'm pretty much 100% cognizant of this fact and is the one single reason I could stomach voting for Hilary.
Also the dude who played Jenna Fischer's first BF in the Office, as well as one Randall "Pink" Floyd.
Soldier was awesome.
Well, it did, it's just that it sank in a really shallow bit.
Chicago Museum of Science and Industry. They have a full U boat on display to go through.
Cool, thanks.
Yeah, that was a helluva wake up.
Don't see Red Dog.
Yeah. Great movie, I need to see it again.
Am I doing something wrong? What mode is this where you can play against ground troops as a TIE Pilot?
It's only wrong when it's being done TO you.
Ah sounds right then.
Man, I needed this, thanks.
Dat user name...
This. Craftsan tools are solid, you can get yourself kitted out real nice on the cheap at yard sales. Also, things like power tools will be bargains.
Since neither of those exist, I'm pretty sure my point stands.
Where in Rio is this taking place? I visited Ipanema and Copa and some of the side stuff and didn't run into trouble. Wasn't going to go to the Olympics, anyways, though.
One of the greatest sights I've ever seen was the "no selfie sticks!" guy at the Louvre. Some asshole Japanese tourist kept trying to jam his selfie stick into the way, and had to be told repeatedly to stop. Security finally came and took him away. It was great.
Amen, totally worth the hungover drive and impromptu overnight stop in Lisdoonvarna.
It is pretty neat on the inside, especially seeing some of the famous portraits.
New Orleans?
Don't sell Cutco Knives, kids.
Life. Work hard and get ahead, they said. Follow your dreams and live a fulfilling life, they said.
So when will the other shoe drop (Sumlin)
Yeah we learned that shit way bac when. Icarus and Daedalus and the labyrinth and the minotaur and all that.
We were only the "Fighting Irish" with the advent of the 20th century, so yeah, you guys are entitled to add it in.
Sneakernet FTW. It'll be a very, very long time before a better solution is found.
And have a last name of "Castro"
Better idea would be to make the trailer frame contain the cameras, then just drop the boxes on top, with sensors at the load bearing points that give an idea of center of gravity. should be super duper easy given what some Google cars can do. Best place to test would be on docks, wouldn't need to intermix with public vehicles, you'd have a closed environment.
Up? Oil is heading down still. Going to be down for a while with all the glut in production, and the Saudis not turning off their spigot.
I always rationalized it as being the shortest possible distance to travel through the Maw, indicating that he could outrun imperials who would take a longer more circuitous route. But I think that' shuts a fan service ret con.
I Wouldn't put it past them.
Hmmm, I'd like to hear from Chelsea on just how qualified Hillary is as a parent.
As wrong as it was to say, the "3am phone call" thing actually happened with Benghazi, and her appearance in front of congress left a whole lot to be desired when explaining that one.
Yeah, but they had to go there.
Have a mortgage :/
That what it feels like at the moment, despite having a wedding to plan for next year.
What's the deal with that? When your contract is up, you just don't have to show up to work anymore? I mean, I'm pretty sure that's how contracts work, just not sure how it applies to the Navy. What if you're at sea when your time is up? Do you have to wait till the next port?
I love it when people who know how to connect to their wireless router suddenly think they're IT experts.
Ludicrous display last night.
Eh,there's enough paintings of Jesus in the world that look like Thor, at least the redo was a little more brown.
But I thought Indiana Jones said his name started with an I?
Nah, a pirate scimitar.
First time for everything, you know? I've been there. Engaged now though. Thanks EHarmony.
Eh, takes 11 guys to win on the pitch, not 2. Damn if they haven't played well though.
They wouldn't have moved to StL if Frontiere hadn't grandstanded about a stadium.
Is the hood in ATL as bad as a 3rd world country with rampant violence, though? At least the social services here are dependable enough. Water quality usually isn't a huge issue.
Yeah, that was surprisingly good.
Failure leads to success. You have to know how to fail, and learn lessons from failure, in order to put those lessons to use and become successful.
/r/cableporn would have an aneurysm. Org your cables, and it'll be out of the little one's hands, easy peasy.
She doesn't look like she's 225 lbs like all the Harley's I'm used to seeing at Comic Con.
For both sides, too.
French or German side?
My bad. I knew Bart had a school change in the Scorpio Ep.
Do elaborate? Because AC Clarke definitely wrote a book, and Kubrick filmed it...
Dat whiskey bottle...
The effort and the concept were worth praising. The acting, not so much, outside the adults.
Well, yeah, new plot and whatnot. I reckon CoD is roughly like a movie ticket. You pay your ducats, and you get a new plot and 12-15 hrs to go through it. Where I live, a movie is $19, so I get the same or more content from CoD than I do from movies. That said, the last CoD Imbought was MW3, and I've never bought a Madden game (RIP NCAA football...).
Didn't they film at the beaches in France, though?
That looks like VVG's exploding Tardis...
It's an amazing place, too.
Um, like the first 20 mins of the movie, dude. When they start rolling in on horseback and they're evacuating the camp.
Yeah, go to a real eye doctor, get your script, then go online to get the glasses. All that LEnsCrafters shit is bullshit.
That's funny, my fiancée bought me a 60" TV for xmas/birthday (only 9 days apart) as well, and for some reason it appears to only be playing 90210 and Real Housewives reruns.
Umm...
THIS. I thought I was being respectful and letting her watch what she wanted. "No honey, I really don't want to watch 90210, I'll just go play on my PC in the other room." "Why don't you want to cuddle on the couch with me!" "Uh, because I don't want to watch 90210?" "Fine, we'll put on something we both like." (which really mean what she wants to watch on Netflix) "But I didn't really want to watch TV..." "FINE."
Are...are you stalking me or something? Is there a camera hidden in my house? Hell, I'm still 15 months away from the I Do's. I feel like this is only going to get worse. Any advice from 15 years in that may help me going forward? I should not that the week leading up to Valentine's Day, her mother will be staying with us for 6 nights. In a row. In our one bedroom apartment, on a blowup mattress. I dun goofed.
Thanks for the clarification.
I like it when my fiancée shows me reddit reposts 3 days after the fact on his Instagram feed.
&gt; it's after the Reformation that things really get interesting And bloody.
Do you have to completely finish the ARP 3 level missions to get the ARP Kongo?
Sounds like the actual Anime.
Heh, sounds like my firm. I re-cabled a large chassis switch during a buildout when the affected area was unoccupied. 6 months later, shit's just hanging around. I blame my co-workers.
I got $5 to do a survey for the WSJ. Took 2 mins, easy money.
Yeah, that was the one toy that let everyone know how much more your parents loved you than everyone else's. Source: Neighbor had one, I was rebuffed.
I'm 5 eps in, and I have no clue what to think.
I gotta say, you southerners keep saying "well we don't really need them", and then year after year you get 3-4" and all hell breaks loose. I'm starting to sense the need for an added line item on state DOT budgets south of the Mason-Dixon line may finally be in order. Also, the south fucked themselves by sprawling out as far as their cars can carry them. Sure, it's going to snow 10"+ in NYC tomorrow, but we can all just walk to where we're going or take the subway. It's 5 blocks to the grocery store, not 5 miles, you know?
My fiancée tends to be the one always on the phone during TV/Movies and whatnot. I've given up even trying to suggest we watch something together that I like.
Yup. I'd like to thank the USAFA for turning me down based on eye-sight.
Ahem. The term is "Super PACS"
I assume it's a budget issue here in NYC. Just toss a brush on a maintenance train every morning and have it precede the morning rush. He'll just tack on car on the front of the trash train that rolls out of Grand Central. It shouldn't be that hard. Btw, I love Denmark, got to go to roskilde fest, had a blast.
That's awesome, wish I had the balls to,quit my job and do that.
The Lives of Others. Phenomenal German film.
Dude got an Oscar Nomination, I think.
Whatever was employed in the McDonald's scene in Mac and Me.
Different situation, but all the old people in my building complain about bikes in the bike lane. As if it's beneath them to bother to look both ways before stepping off the sidewalk.
I was dying laughing at that. Thing would've gone down a lot in 2008.
That's fair. This whole thing is fucked, TBH. I still want bad things to happen to some of those sheriffs.
It's a miracle that with line play that shitty we still had a chance to tie at the end. WHY DO THE TEAMS I ROOT FOR ET IN THOSE SITUATIONS? God, it was Clemson redux.
Yeah, the top level.
Um, the ones in NYC don't ... :(
They need to respect the no-elbows-over-the-table rule.
If I ever watched her show, I might be slightly off put.
Gemma Arterton FTW.
The older I get, the more I sympathize with Michael Douglas in Falling Down.
The first video is essentially how they do I-95 in CT. Line up 3-4 trucks en echelon and shunt it all off tot he right hand side of the road.
Eh, the health insurance and 401K at least give you some glimmer of hope for your future.
Well, at least Theon had the balls to do something about that.
Daw-lah twenty five, pa.
I, too, remember those pictures. Wonder what ever happened to her career after MTV.
A www, don't be mad that they got away with it and you guys didn't. And yes, you thrashed us in the game. Bosa was an idiot though.
Harper lost, right? To Trudeau?
Vegas has over a million people...
Damn, thanks for all the hard work. These are fascinating.
One county out the 8 is an NYC suburb. The rest was settled back in the 1600’s like most of the coastal New England towns.
Indeed, looks like the trim panels caused me some confusion. Looks like a great day to be out, though.
Those don't look even remotely similar
Financially speaking, it was a no-brainier. Wars don't get 100mm contracts.
Soooooo many Sunday night meetings with Fr. Doyle. I'm amazed he didn't have me booted. Alumni still sucks, though.
Yup.
Fuck Mrs. Carmoody. Most satisfying death I've ever experienced watching a movie.
The fight song was actually banned during my tenure. They brought it back a year after I left. Unofficially, of course.
More likely they care about the bottom line. WDW would be a cherry of a target for a terrorist, and they'd lose crazy business if something happened there.
Dammit, gotta rewatch 1.11 again.
What, you don't like mind rape by the Holy Spirit?
People like you, I felt so bad for. I knew the ending like 15 plus years before the movie came out, and when I saw them marketing the trailer, I was like"oh fuck these people aren't going to see the feels bus coming". Where the Red a Fern Grows, there,s some shit that'll fuck you up good, too.
They did do a good job with Cyclops this time. Finally.
Yup. Saw y'day, was like "hey, Sansa took a level in badass!"
I didn't know they were brothers...
Flash has always been campy, Dawson Leary's dad was the first flash. I'll check it out though.
In fairness, I don't own many Blu-Ray discs, but I picked up the Avatar 3D BD the day I got my new TV, and holy shit, it is unlike anything I have ever experienced in the home entertainment space. The fucking MENU is 3D. Sure the plot played it safe, but seeing the flight through the floating mountains on IMAX in 3D was mind-blowing when it came out. I read a critic's review once (of Titan A.E.) and they said that the point of Sci Fi is to see something new, show something fresh. Avatar did that in spades, and we're all spoiled rotten by what they accomplished. Pacific Rim, to me, was the next movie that actually worked well with the new ideas available. End Rant.
Yup. I lived in Charlotte when they filmed it, love that movie. Cary Elwes was such a great dick in that movie.
Yes, and then they all started getting on steamers to come over. I think this was right after the Irish wave died down, and before the Italian wave really picked up steam.
Seriously, I'm 35, and every time I think about how life sucks, I take a little dive into /r/personalfinance and realize that owning my own home with no debt puts me waaaaaay ahead of the game, and I really shouldn't be all pissy.
This. When I was 30 I was taking trips to New Zealand and what-not.
Appropos of yesterday, they take out tanks manually in the final battle of SPR.
65.5 years.
I thought he got it from an open sore on his dick when he banged a chick who had it whilst stepping out on his wife?
I imagine it's like south bend, with less snow and trees, and not close to a big city like Chicago.
/r/theydidthemath It really is amazing, though.
Yup. Eastern Dakotas and Minny took the lions share, land was still available out there at that time. Sometimes I have to remind myself how amazing it is that our country is so young and yet so populous.
Yup. Nuclear weapon hitting power, minus the fallout.
Referring to Kliff, maybe?
That is fucking gold. The Browns fans are the best. And the fact that someone is prepared to shit all over any Cowboys flair he sees.
Proximity will do that, for the most part. NY-Philly is 75 mins by train. DC another 2 hrs down the road. And everyone just hates Dallas and they've all been in the same division since the merger anyways. Hell, I can't remember off the top of my head who got booted out of the east when they went to 4 team divisions.
Totally forgot about the Cards. Whoops.
We've already been round the dark side like 7-8 times, no?
Um, it's called the English System...
Ground penetrating sonar is a helluva thing.
Fractals!
Does it have any Final Fantasy feel to it? Or is it a more FPS type of control? It's on sale now, I may as well check it out.
I bet he does. Source: used to bartender in a hot arid place. With beaches. Did not sell, though.
Oh god I have a co-worker who laughs at every fucking thing. Gives me a headache every time.
