After Bungie spent basically 7 months doing nothing in crucible but randomly cycling IBs I think it's ok for PvP to get a little bit of a focus for once. Plus, it's a Bungie game. If you didn't think PvP would be pertinent that's a pretty big consumer error.
Still not better than my Truth that shoots kittens. Story topping is cool!!!!!
Wait, so there's a PvE mode where you can do incredibly well and then get absolutely jack shit? And now PvP might actually reward you for completing a round as opposed to just showing up? I just want to make sure I understand that you are pissed off because you actually have to experience what PvP players got shafted with since Day 1. Right now, PvE is getting to play just the tip with Bungie, but PvP players have had it jammed up their anus's since the game dropped. How about instead of complaining that they didn't add more to where 95% of the game is, we think about the fact that it's a positive they shored up the other 5%? I know that's expecting a bit much, so feel free to return to that whine and cheese.
Awesome, thank you! I have to admit, i was pretty certain there was something else but knew it was a pretty irrelevant material.
In continuing kind of with JBurd, just jump on in to the raids. Seriously, if anyone gets all pissy and angsty because you "let them down" they probably need to take a break from the game. With that in mind, a huge reason that people keep around this game is because of the community and the fact that 99% of players seem to remember we were all new once. When you're ready to jump into a raid (give yourself 1-1.5 hours for a fresh run; 20odd minutes if you're just doing the end) post on an LFG site and be honest that you're a newbie. You probably won't see a difference in how quickly you get a reply, but this way you're likely to get someone who is looking to help someone learn the mechanics or the raid itself. let the team know you're not talkative but will listen; and then just be polite and reply when necessary. Source: Was sherpa-ing for a while until I took a break from the game.
Given I didn't see this thread until after the edits, I can now only support this idea if they show up in said Winnebagos. I do like the idea of the Bungie's flea market every now and then; maybe a bi/monthly type of deal.
Posts like this are exactly the kind of thing that someone trying to "act cool on social media" would vomit when they don't have anything to contribute. Pissing on other people's cereal doesn't make you cool, it just makes you an asshole.
I just want a Mawg shader now so I too can be my own best friend.
You're misunderstanding the point. The concept the OP is trying to get across is that, while controlling the points is important, so is your overall KD. Lots of newbies to Destiny PvP try and play it like you can with CoD, where you can play towards the objective only and win. Your opponents can all have 100:1 KDs but it doesn't mean shit if you somehow plant the bomb and they don't diffuse it. But control? You run and run, dying and just trying to get into the control point; that's a huge effing deal. Sure, the other team may get less points per kill, but you're giving them a ton of free ones. Also, did you even read this paragraph? Like, at all? Because right now it looks like you were too lazy to even put forth a modicum of effort before calling the OP an idiot. **Its important to capture points, but its more important to kill the opponent first. I see too many people so obsessed with capping that they sacrifice themselves for it, and most times its a fruitless endeavor. Dont solo cap if they are rushing your position, those capture points are not strategic offensive locations, most have a variety of angles to assault to kill someone in that zone. Find an advantageous position, eliminate the threat, and attempt to recapture then.** Tl;dr Critical reading needs to be taught in school again.
That's some more great advice for solo players! If you can't communicate, it's definitely better to try and stay at least somewhat together so you can better help the team and they can help cover you. That being said....sometimes you just gotta Leroy Jenkins the shit out of them :)
I think for most people who are used to Destiny PvP it is pretty obvious; but there's a lot of people like my old roommate who play respawn based objectives in other shooters and there your KD usually doesn't matter; only whether or not you did what the game types name is.
That guy must be in a different crucible than we are, because if it's not a Thorn going up my pooter, it's Hawkmoon.
Ahhh, the gold ol' Shornmoon. Gonna have to get quite a lot of Vanguard missives for that one. I'm really loathing the special ammo change more and more in crucible as I'm a filthy shotgunner....but it gets much harder when special ammo is nowhere to be found :(
Earlier I was bitching and moaning about how much I was getting killed by Thorn, and felt like I needed to nut up. Then I looked at the kill feed, and didn't see a non-pistol kill (aside from melee and heavy) during the period I was observing. It's getting fucking ridiculous, I'm so tired of green bullets and feeling like my screen was part of a hive bukkake vid.
Notice it's not just for leaving once, it's for setting a pattern of repeatedly bailing on your games. It's really not that severe of a "punishment" either. You don't want work a little for your wins? Then you don't get to coast on by to the rewards or ruin other people trying to get matches in. If you're going to puss out because it's too tough over and over again, you shouldn't even be wasting the server to get matched with. That seems pretty fair.
I was worried that this would end up affecting people like Megaman, but it looks like they specifically mention that as A-OK. Restrictions and bans that can't be overturned is good; it shows they feel a lot of confidence in the amount of recon they do.
"When everyone else is the problem, it's probably you" Advice too many people don't seem to learn. If only people would catch on that the faster you realize you suck, the faster you fail. And the faster you fail, the faster you learn what works.
I call Ol' Hickory, Andrew Jackson. Well, since I'm an exo I guess I'm Robo-Jackson
And the award for biggest cock on the internet goes too.....
Uh, does anyone actually reminisce about the loot cave that way? It wasn't some super social even where we all made grand groups and hung out to play dominoes and such; it was boring as shit. It was X number of guardians standing by a door and shooting a cave with some weapon. You either shot or stood around, and then at certain points people would run up to the cave to get ammo and pick up engrams. Keeping Skywatch populated thought, that was fun....if you had active people. About half the time you'd end up in the world where everyone just sat down between runs. But when it was on, it was awesome. Tl;dr Wolves in Skywatch was fun, loot cave was as fun as fapping with rusty nails.
In a lot of ways, the game is still much the same as when you quit- the majority of the DLCs was just extra end game stuff you could do; story was basically non existent and the activities were made to basically be done after vanilla destiny. My advice to you: go back to vanilla destiny and play through the story; then play through some Vault of Glass and PvP. If you would be happy "unlocking" another couple of cooperative events (mainly just Crota's End and Prison of Elders) and more PvP; then buy the DLCs. On the flip side, if you're not sure there's enough for you to do then hold off on the purchase for now. I bought the season pass and have been happy-ish with the DLCs. I don't feel like I got a lot, but I've also got hundreds upon hundreds of hours in this game and there's not much more I can ask for than that.
Maybe I'm just off here, but it seems like idle games aren't exactly what should be on the list if you're looking for something exciting or not a bore. There's also not a huge positive to the devs. All such a UI would do is make it easier to not pay attention to the game, which means less dollars coming back in. Maybe if it was a paid feature, it would make sense; but otherwise they've got to justify the real and opportunity costs of developing something that effectively promotes less attention to their product.
I wish you were an adult that could utilize correct punctuation and capitalization, but how should I phrase this? "Stop complaining go back to school?" If wishes were fishes we'd both be full.
"They have played less than you" Seems like a pretty generic statement as opposed to some backhanded insult. I know it's the internet, but not everyone is out to make fun of you.
The Taken King is Pythagoras and he is ready to fuck shit up.
Whether or not that exact scenario comes up is irrelevant. What's pertinent is that the two situations are completely different. But, if that's what you're hung up on feel free to change Takeda to any other hero and the level you want them to increase to into another number that you feel is feasible. Then, if you still can't see a distinction between this UI proposal and the existing ones, we can try another example.
Ignorance is bliss.
Ignorance is bliss.
Took us 5 tries to beat the nightfall tonight. 2 runs went down to the shriekers and one went to the architects (falling to our deaths, not bugs). Suffice to say, it was a depressing set of tries.
The general recommendation seems to be to use them for salvaging artifacts. The one item I bought with gems (the 200 gem sword) felt completely not worth it with the 2% damage boost it gave.
It never really bothered me until lately, but I'm starting to get more and more frustrated by the level system. I'm somewhat ok with not being a deity when I roll around in the Cosmodrome. I like that I don't insta-kill even the little guys, plus it at least keeps me awake when patrolling. Plus, areas like Skywatch can still be challenging for me as a level 34 guardian while not effectively locking out a zone for the kinderguardians who are taking their first stroll to the array. On the flip side, it's getting real goddamn annoying that my level is an ornamental piece of text above my name, while the computer's refers to how far it's going to jagged glass up inside my anus.
Seems pertinent.
My parents were killed by a rogue doorway when I was younger, so I do my damndest to avenge them. At least, that's what I tell myself.
Maybe you do if you're bad at math? That's the only justification I can think of.
Psssst.... 1. The strike was never level 28, it's always been 26. * That's not how level advantages work, at least not for players. * Just because you waited 1.5 weeks to complete that one step so your friends could get online and help doesn't make it the worst portion. The step that takes the longest to actually complete (from when you choose to start it), is more dependent on the variance of the game state and your team, and where you can obtain negative progress is probably slightly more worse. The PvE isn't a big deal, though perhaps that part shouldn't exist for people who need to be carried. Maybe the level 26 requirement was too much. I used an alt and got it done within about 40 minutes.
I prefer Super Good Advice's bounty if only because I learned that machine guns hate rocket launchers.
It's because they are stuck in the mentality of "If I'm not busted with it, it's ok", which is a *great* way to look at balancing. Hell, I read someone else's comment about how they aren't good with Thorn, so switch to Red Death and get more kills; therefore, we should keep Thorn as is. I'm fairly certain that the only people who think Thorn is ok are those who either don't play crucible more than 1 game a week, or have never played in banner or trials before. Otherwise, we're all tired of the green jizz covering our screens; even people busted with Thorn agree it's op.
I'd just like to see Dragon's Breath become a scorch cannon. That turns it from just janky to janky but fun.
Yo. At this point the only sub I've frequented is this one. Dallied a little in Binding of Isaac's, TIL's, and have posted in 1 or 2 others. By and far, it's all about DestriyTheGame
My post on destinylfg earlier: "LFXM. Don't need to be experienced. Do need to not be an asshat" Got 4 good people. They didn't get pissy when I got babooned a couple of times, and we performed better than most of the other groups I've been with. One guy got fatebringer, ice breaker (aka erotic shard), mythoclast and hawkmoon. To say he was happy is an understatement.
I keep trying to get skanks to drop them for me but it seems like the drop rate is pretty low. I can catch something blue or green (and sometimes purple) from them....but I'm really not so sure I want to &gt;.&lt; Edit: Grammar is tough with homonyms.
I'm pretty sure I'd rather go back to 2 tin cups and some string before I'd use Comcast again. If I wanted to pay a company to spit in my face, there's already a ton of different option out there. That being said, I've noticed some issues since moving, so I think I might need to try this fix with CenturyLink. Lordy knows they're about as high quality as Comcast is.
I'm pretty sure Halo is the epitome of Bungie exclusivity, as XBox players can at least still play Destiny.
Never played enough Gears to think of it offhand. However, the rest were pretty much always on my roommate's TV back in college
"Only some of the content"? Don't act like it's such a neutered version, you're missing a few strikes (that very few people actually play through) and a few items that RNGesus have to bless you to find. It's not like PS4 players get some magical extra world than Xbox players, it's just a minor amount of extra content. And you're right that they are two separate things. I'd also say that that having the option of playing 95% of a game (or not playing it at all) is still strictly better than not having an option to play it at all.
The fuck did I just read?
Ok, so now let's say that you go to the heavy ammo, and the box is empty all the time, but Alpha still gets 3 rockets. See what I'm getting at here? Wouldn't it feel better if you could at least get 1 rocket instead of always an empty box?
Thank god some of you do exist. Sure, the exclusives are neat-o....but the weapons are replaceable (hawkmoon -&gt;thorn, 4th horsey -&gt;invective, monte carlo -&gt;looking at them) and the strikes hardly get played it seems. However, it is a little unfortunate that Xur won't sell the exclusives.
I'm still waiting to see examples of how Playstation has gotten multitudes of exclusives from top tier franchises, because that's what Microsoft and Xbox have enjoyed. However, seems ol' Hades here has a higher prerogative on bitching how I'm wrong over presenting even the smallest basis of an argument.
From what I've read, it's only available through the collector's edition, which includes a physical copy of Destiny plus the DLC we've had come out so far. If you want only the new content (excluding stuff like shaders, +xp items, and emotes), you can get away with only buying the VIP version, which is like $40 less. So it kind of feels and seems like the only way to get the extras is to pay the extra dollars, and it's kinda lame for something that is basically just cosmetic.
Eh, I don't think it's that outrageous, but I'm also comparing it to CODs that seems to be about ~$115 a year after game plus DLC, year after year. With Destiny I payed $90, and will pay another $60ish depending on what the cost is for Taken King and friends. Don't get me wrong, I really feel like the content in the DLCs has been pretty low, and even our original content wasn't the most fleshed out. But, I've also put enough time in the game that I'm under 25cents and hour, and that seems like a pretty good amount of time that I've gotten out of my investment, so I can't be too ornery.
I don't think too many of those long-time players are going to care about class items with +xp bonuses.
Saw someone running around on top of the vaults a few days ago and was wondering how they got up there...good to know the secret!
As someone who was already considering deleting my alt 'lock and making a Titan, I might have to unload so synths at the same time
Because why read complaints in one thread when we can have an entire front page covered in the same mentality =/
That's the best way to look at it, imo, for someone in your shoes (or in mine). I bought my PS4 in January of 14. Beat AC4 and Infamous Second Son. Owned Watchdogs but couldn't get behind it enough to complete more than about 4 hours worth of BS. Everything else I'be been playing has been a free PS Plus game... ....except Destiny. Don't get me wrong, I am in the minority for Day 1 players with only about 15 days worth of time on my account. But 15 days for 90 bucks? Hell, I'm at about 25 cents an hour on Destiny, which is a hell of a lot better than all of the other games that I've played on this system. Sure, I wish there was more content (who doesn't always want more), but doggonit, I've more than gotten my money's worth. I will be buying TTK and the associated DLCs. I'll do it as the bundle, and I'll be happy about it. Even if I put just another 24 hours into the game, I'll still feel like overall, I've gotten my money's worth.
Sounds like the story will make about as much sense if you play the levels as if you don't :)
I think this is the textbook example of the difference between speaking English and speaking it coherently :)
Of everyone that I game with on Destiny, only 1 person was a Day 1er like myself; others came along with later DLCs or just because they finally jumped on the train. I really think taking the break by getting distracted is what keeps the game fun. I got hooked on Binding of Isaac and would do tons of runs a day for a while, but now I'm weaned off. I'm back to enjoying 0-3 hours of Destiny per day, doing random shit that I want to do or getting blazed and driving around in my sparrow. That type of casual play is what is getting more and more people interested in the game; now that it's becoming less and less of a grindfest I think we'll see more people joining in.
I thought we were supposed to upvote posts that people say are going to get them downvoted! Man, I'm so confused with how this karma stuff works
I realized it was fucking stupid to not do raids if there was another exotic I was looking for, so I started doing Vault again. Gjally dropped on the first return.
It's not PoE hate, it's general reddit hate-circlejerks. It's a guarantee that we have to be browbeaten with the same complaints over and over and over again because people can never admit that they even could be content with something. Bungie could give us a patch that offered unlimited vault space and every exotic to all guardians and reddit would be filled with: 1% "Thanks Bungie" and 99% "Fuck you Bungie I had to grind for my gear and dismantle stuff back in my day".
Bastion. We used to get it in the regular map rotation but it (along with First Light) was removed from the playlist.
That's what my first bit with warframe was like... "I can't take that! What if you need that mode/fusion core/whatever" "Ummm, dude you're dumb" " :( "
It's been a while since I played Warframe, but I keep hoping that we'll get something like Defend or Survival in Destiny. Something tells me I shouldn't hold my breath :(
"If I didn't know what he meant" Umm, haven't we seen by now that you didn't? Seems like that statement was a bit irrelevant....
Did you really just say the majority of the player base goes flawless on at least one character?
You're just not thinking selfishly enough. (When I get the CE, Vanilla + DLCs are going to my best bud to get him into the game)
Did you even think before you typed?
You used italics! DOWNVOTE AND COMPLAIN! REVERSE DIRECTION! DOWNVOTE AND COMPLAIN AGAIN!
Given you posted the same dumbass comment twice, I thought you'd be a bigger fan of farming.
I agree. Unless we're living in Magical Christmasland where people go flawless and then jump back in to just lose over and over again to push others into the Lighthouse. Maybe that is what happens....but I feel like it isn't. And it does seems like the majority of pissiness over the change is because going 9-0 might require, well, going 9-0 in the future and not just 7-0. Now, don't get me wrong, I'm not trying to make PVP less engaging. Hell, the more people that play it the happier I am. But this feels like a patch to make it function more like how they wanted, like the older patches on the Vault. Bungie wants us to fight the Templar, and they want us to have to go through the wringer to earn the rewards at the end of the tunnel. Maybe Bungie just needs to make a game mode where you just sit down in an empty room and the game just shits out rewards.
That am correct. Well, it was patched first at least, I don't know which was discovered first.
I never taken the Frontier shell off. My ghost is a rugged ghost!
You need other guardians who have 100+ clears to be OK in HM VOG? The problem isn't your teammates buddy....
Yea, because that was soooooo relevant to what the post was about.
Outside of a few instances, I was pretty much lag free the entire time. Just ground my hunter from 0-5, warlock from 4-5, and titan from 2-5 and only recall 2 people lagging (and they were dropped from the game almost immediately). I also got at least 3 kills per bladedance activation with only 1 times that hit detection missed for me, so I've got both sets of luck :)
Cap the third point and start flipping spawns instead of holding two? Sounds pretty not so smart. Edit: I had the word "holding" misspelled for 14 hours in this post and no one called me out on it? For shame internet :)
It feels a lot like Halo, Gears of War, and Fable did.
If you are rank 5 with each then it is probably justbdelayed rewards from your rank 5 package. My hunter and titan both got armor pieces that didnt show until I went to orbit. Warlock got a 310 handcannon that Saladin gave me right away.
The shooter elements are awesome; really everything about the gameplay is great. However, it does feel like the game could be deeper, or at least a little more immersive in the lore (in game grimoire, more cutscenes, etc). Because there is what feels to be a lack of content, there is a lot of critique that Bungie made a hyper addictive game and made it grindy as shit to hide those shortfalls. I personally dont believe that; I believe them hiring things like behavior scientists and such is industry practice. But that is another tangent. All in all, the general consensus is the game is fun as shit to play and wish there was more to do.
&gt;So if everyone who does an activity gets it..thennn it wont really be exclusive right? It doesnt all have to be a dick measuring contest
Because playing the game is boring, but talking about how boring it is makes you cool.
Knuckle is ok, but pretty much find myself using the exotics that boost an ability more; though Skyburner's Annex is amazing should you get it. If you're ps4, feel free to add me, same name as reddit.
I'm assuming he meant the final perk on Fist of Havok; like quiver/vanish/fireborn.
Yea i like the list of reasons for why someone isba scrub and it is basically only becausr youre a piece of shit. I play like a scrub because I stupidly just want to have fun with this game. But OP can say its only because I want to troll or suck shit or whatever.
Whats next, getting everyone to agree water is wet? Or do you honestly think there are people out there who would actually be unhappy should 60fps be the norm?
And what about crucible bubble train? Because they are always just charging each other and always popping large orbs....
Could have sworn they were large but you are a waaaay better source than I am; defender probably has close to 20 minutes of playtime total. Thank you for correcting me :)
Garlow112. Do have exp but this will be the first time for my titan
Garlow112. Warlock has completed but this would be the first time through for my titan. Know what to do and dont really care how long it takes as long as people dont get pissy
Neato.
Are you drunk?
Seems like a neat group, just sent my request. Normally play in the early AM (5-8ish EST), but get on at a reasonable time on my days off Edit: Should note I have 3 toons all in the mid 300's; am a Day 1 player, and am casual in my progression. I enjoy knowing the raids and helping out in all content; but Im not the kind of player who has to do HM raid and Trials and NF all x3 weekly. Can and will, but equally as open to play crucible all those hours too.
Garlow112. 307 lock. Beaten nm a few tomes but trying to complete hm and learn the mechanics
Havent beaten hm yet, but have completed nm a couple of times. 306/307 warlock
Would you accept a 308 'lock? Been through Golg on hm but no further
Oryx challenge ended about 15 minutes ago unfortunately.
1 spot remaining.
This is the same conclusion I have come to as well. I really think they are expecting players to grab helium casually on the moon, not grinding the shit out of it. But the problem is that no one wants to wait for their new toy, so we spend hours waiting for warsats and running for soliton flares.
&gt;The gaze holder stands on the boxes on the left drops the orb and then takes Golgoroths gaze.
Agreed. I think more people need to use that friend button. I've run into some great players so I add em and usually get at least one more game together.
Have a 308 lock, haven't done any hm this week so drops could move me to 310 by the and. Have gone through goofy nd know the challenge. Psn Garlow112 if you need the 6th and I work out
Garlow112 308 lock
Garlow112. 308 warlock but he has gone through golgy on hm and know warpriest challenge
Yea, because that didn't happen. No one ground it out for 6 days and then missed it because of the last 5 hours. The only reason people missed out is because they made the choice to wait and take advantage of better experience gains. Does it suck that their choice ended up burning them because Psn went down? Hell yes it does. But why is it on Bungle to fix a choice of *don't play the game*? I'm an extremely casual player. I work 60 hours a week. I didn't even start Banner until Saturday night. Yet I still hit rank 5 on all 3 of my toons. If you wanted to put in even a modicum of effort, you made it to 5 too. If you wanted to wait and do it as easily as possible, you unfortunately got burned.
Especially players who only got burned because they actively chose not to play Banner until as late as possible just because they wanted it to be as easy as possible.
Garlow112. Alt hunter 309 who will be taking her first dabble in to HM. 320 spindle for the ride
Garlow112. 309 Titan that is just shy of 310. Is my alt so only through blessing of light. Have completed HM including challenge with my other 2 characters with week.
Garlow112 titan. Only 309 but have HM and cm experience. Bringing a 320 spindle to the party
Uhhhhhhhh, it wasn't his own queen that he murdered....
Its a game. Let the one or two pissy messages roll off your shoulders. You don't have to post on reddit about every little thing that makes you sad.
Most importantly, stop acting like its a big deal. Seriously, in ducking elementary school you learn not to worry about words, but seems like too many adults(well, maybe) have lost that skill.
What did you expect? Your post was basically an unfortunate story that ended with what was abasically a giant "I told you so". You said yourself that you don't have the game, so what is the point of being on this sub? I can't agree with /u/potatobomb69 calling out your internet connection because I dont know anything about your situation. But I also can't fault him for pointing out that you still pay attend to a sub of a game you don't want to play and filled with people you don't empathize or sympathize for.
Your best bet would be to look and see if an online retailer like Amazon has any digital copies. Wouldn't expect too much though.
Why do people need loot in order to play content?
Did you just say that you choose your race irl? That's not how babies work.
Perdverts fo' lyfe.
Or you could use Fireteams and CrucibleSherpas on reddit. Or the 100.io. Or DestinyClanFinder. Or any of the other LFG sites.
I will be playing this game next Thursday.
That's how I felt as I neared the end as well.
But it isn't satire...
Then do exactly what Deej recommended and don't play it. Problem solved.
Not that it is really pertinent to your point, but we do have a true objective-only mode in Zone Control. Definitely hope it never ever sees the IB light of day
Pssssttttt...this is from the devs.....
I really don't like the idea of something like that for IB. With regular control, you could be down by a large gap (15k-18k or so) and still make a comeback by chaining together supers and incredibly tight play. It's not a likely thing (I think I've only had it happen a couple of times), but it still gives you a reason to push as you are nearing the end as the losing team. But in Zone Control where you're at 1100 and they are at 1300? It might as well be over. You don't have any outside ways to score points to come from behind, so the hope and reasons for staying (especially once you hit the 5 medallion limit) would be completely gone.
Challenge optional. We'll see how the team is feeling when we get to golgy
On the jumping ahips if you and your buddy want to join. Garlow112
Garlow112 warlock
Garlow112. Pretty much got the same mentality; had to finally leave the last group after the bitchfest became too much
Garlow112 titan or hunter
Garlow112 334 hunter or titan
Do you go around and message everyone on this sub about them quitting too? Whenever Banner comes around there is a flurry of posts regarding how much it sucks to play solo and how they keep quitting if they even think they might lose. If you're not calling the rest of them out, then why are you treating OP differently? Additionally, "Quitter" stopped replying to you; but you kept going. It is obvious that he wasn't engaged in the conversation, but you couldn't let it go. I'd consider you to be harassing me if you kept sending me messages when I wasn't replying. Especially when it was just because you don't agree with how he wants to play the game. Also, you don't know what kind of player he is with the whopping 2 interactions that you've had with him. You want to jump to conclusions and decide he's selfish (your words, not mine), that's fine. But come on, don't be a hypocrite too. &gt;Don't call me a prick, the story is right in front of you. I'm pretty sure the story is the reason why /u/wheredidninjago thinks you were acting like a prick. Can't disagree with him there.
That would work... If exotic bounties hadn't been removed from the game about 10 months ago....
Exotic Bounties were terrible. Absolutely fucking terrible. That's why they were removed from the game. One of the best Quality of Life changes was the revamp to the shot bounty system. The good ol days you're complaining about not getting to experience? You had 5 bounty slots. They had to be turned into Roni, not from your menu. And if you got an exotic one, you basically lost space until it was cleared. Need Xur and it's Monday? Fuck you, enjoy 4 bounty slots this week. That shit was horrendous.
Holy shit dude, 8th grade drama called and it wants its overracting back.
I think what people are finding incredibly disappointing is that it tookt he mod team something like 3 months to crack down on the redundant SBMM posts, but only a few days on WIKAD. While each of the WIKAD wasn't drastically different than the last, they were more original than the circlejerk that crucible turns this sub into. It feels very disheartening that fun topics get squashed in days, salty topics get 3 months.
I agree and was going to post the same thing, though no reason to with you and as the most recent one here. Bounties would be over almost immediately...immagine having a team on the cosmodrome with people at: rocketyard, divide, forgotten shores, skywatch and then could still cover either mothyarfd and steppes or run through some of the transition areas you have to scout. However, I do think people are looking to have non-bounty related fun too. Sure, you may not be having more fun with 6 than 3, but there are more people having it. Plus you can do stuff like build your own SRL and the like.
Garlow112 334 lock
Garlow112 334 hunter
Couldn't you just not buy 3oC? That seems like a great solution so they only get used by people who want them.
You can still do that incredibly easily. All you have to do is just choose not to spend your time farming...
But the dictionary defines the words that provide the titles that make the acronym, so isn't the dictionary really at fault? And the copy editor reviews the definitions set down in the dictionary to establish the words that constitute the title that leads to the acronym, so shouldn't you be pestering that person directly? And since their job is just to take words that have become part of normal lexicon and codify them, wouldn't it be more reasonable to blame the community as a whole? And since the community takes words from pop-culture and turn them into our normal vernacular (like "Google" or "D'Oh!"), doesn't the blame really land on the shoulders of the individual who originally conceptualized the word and the meaning(s) it would entail? Or could it be that it's really people who can't use context clues who are to blame for any confusion?
What if I'm to his left side? The leg to the right will be the back left. There's no reason to just make it more confusing.
Why would you want three of coins if you think they are shit?
We had this same discussion during IB. You feel like the mother effing all star when you hit that Way of the Gun nowadays.
Garlow112 titan 335
Garlow112 titan
Garlow112 335 titan
Same thing I was thinking too. Maybe make it so you only get the next 2 floors below you? Depths could get the Womb then, but not see anything from Cathedral/Sheol on down.
I've had some police stations that did that to me too. I generally have to leave so copters start coming in, then use them to make more explosions inside the station by tethering them to the ground and exploding them that way. Only suggestion I've got though
But what happens if the game were to be expanded again? Maybe you 100% before afterbirth came out, so you no longer needed Eden tokens. What happens with AB and the release of things like Greed mode and Hush? Are Eden tokens required again or are they still going to be left off the table?
I took "Wreak Havoc" to mean "make explosions". My strategy for police stations was pretty much to blow up the transformers and fuel tanks, then run back and forth killing dudes while blowing up explosives. If that didn't complete it, getting vehicles inside the perimeter to blow up until it finally showed cleared.
I'm not at home right now, so I can't compare against a screenshot, but couldn't you just look at a list of all the exotic weapons and then cross out which ones you already have blueprints for? The 2 remaining should be what you're missing....
I didn't call the suggestion half-assed because I don't agree with it, I called it half-assed because there was very little put into the "suggestion". Once again, you're claiming that this is something that is "needed". You state that a large portion of the populace keeps their raid weapons...but that simply isn't the case. We've heard from Bungie that the majority of players haven't completed the raid AT ALL, much less are holding onto raid gear to run around and use in patrol and other PVE related events. You're seeing the vocal minority of this sub stating what their experiences are and applying that filter to everyone with Destiny. However, a minority of a minority (shit, this sub is barely over a quarter million) does not make a majority. Moving forward, you state that people like to hold onto these guns to use in patrol, crucible, and "challenges people set themselves with their friends". First off, what's unique about raid guns in those situations? Nothing. If your reasoning to keep access to these guns is because they might be used by someone somewhere, then you should be applying the same standard to the rest of the legendary gear that can be earned. A vanguard kiosk, a crucible kiosk, a gunsmith kiosk, etc. Once again, you never addressed the issue of how this would all work, you just stated it was something that is "needed". Until you're willing to take the time to figure out even a general idea of how this would be implemented, I'm going to continue to call it half-assed, because it is. Don't ask someone else to do work for you if you're not going to take time to think it through. I'm still waiting for you to address the concerns about how this would be implemented with random rolls (something that this sub has brought up a multitude of times before); but instead you want to focus on hurt feelings because of semantics. Don't use the effort to find a way that someone must have been out to hurt your feelings; use it instead to turn this half-assed post into a full-fledged concept.
It's pretty obvious from what I wrote that I misunderstood what he was saying and thought he was under the impression legacy players would need to buy a new product in order to keep playing come September. The only thing there was no need for was a snarky comment from someone who clearly didn't take the time to understand what he was replying to. While I misunderstood in mine, at least I wasn't an asshole about it.
Yea I totally didn't get that at all. My bad. I hope they offer some sort of discount. I can understand not going for freesies because they are a business and whatnot, but it would be nice if it was something like $20 but you got the digital collectors edition instead of generic. Then you can at least feel a little better because that edition was already 20 more so it's not as painful to rebuy.
How the heck do you get that many coins to donate?! I've just recently started completing greed mode, but each time it's like sub 20
News report: this topic still comes up daily.
I think that would be a good solution. Allow there to be a neutral time of up to 15 minutes where players can be in orbit or a social space without losing their streak. That way you can take a lil break in between sessions too
Incorrect, the loot is determined when you open the chest; not when you kill. Hence the advice that has come up on here many times of making sure you equip your highest light level gear before picking up drops.
Garlow112 334 titan
1) Universal Remote gets some love in crucible, but not too much in pve. I enjoy it every now and then, but not too often. 2) That's just part of what makes it neato. You've got Universal Remote and No Land Beyond which are secondaries that take your primarily slit and Sleeper Simulant, which is a secondary that takes your heavy slot.
Garlow112 titan or hunter. Experienced and got all the gear
Gamespot, Kotaku, and Forbes are my favorite places to see a reddit thread turned into a full-fledged article. It's like they can't do one minute of research.
I think the fires it leaves can hurt you now, where previously it was only the explosion.
Garlow112 400 everything
Pretty much the same here. I had an eve run earlier that was like experimental treatment and old bandage floor 1, then thunder thighs and pageant boy floor 2(plus missing page) Fuck that run, wasn't going to be fun
While I'm not the OP, pretty sure I can say this is a no. Oh wait, you were beating a dead horse. Carry on bud.
Maybe because they justifiably think it's a waste of time to bring up a topic that will be discussed, at length, by multitudes of other outlets. The other Redditors would probably rather ask questions that are slightly more unique to OPs situation.
To add a little to what was already said, you'll want to find a shop with a battery. Roll your coins to other stuff with the D20. Go buy a battery Open all chests and get the pickups you want. I usually only snag 5 coins while I'm building up the number of drops. Re-roll the room and start again. Basically the gameplan is get chests to drop items to roll into more chests with more items to roll into more chests. Until the floor is covered
I don't think it is part of Greed; I don't recall seeing it in the shop or chests.
Shooting invite shortly
Looks full now
Do you understand how years work?
Space? Garlow112
For karma farming. That's what Reddit is all about!
Like the guy who doesn't understand a joke going on in the sub about how little horn can kill everything?
Was this a meta post? Because you look pretty confused in your replies. I thought you were trying to show how to confuse others, not how you yourself would be confused. It's a little confusing who you're trying to confuse with all the confusion you're displaying here.
Ah yes from reading your post I can tell you definitely don't just watch Fox News as a mindless sycophant. I know that word is too big for Fox to use, so don't feel bad for misunderstanding it. You trump fans are doing the best you can just getting through elementary school.
Let's not pretend I assumed anything for now reason. I inferred it based on the stupid ass remarks you made. You want to say something intelligent and that can change, otherwise I'll keep believing you're too inept to figure out Trump isn't forgoing the salary (he cant, was voted on by Congress) and that he wouldn't be the first to do so even if he could. So would you like to do something besides act like a moron and play the victim? Because you still haven't done anything else.
No, they aren't baseless. Once again, they are based on your stupid ass remarks. I'm going to "assume" you once again won't read that portion, and get angsty that someone pointed out your shit is retarded. Not my fault you want to keep doing the same thing. But maybe before you act all high and mighty, look up Hoover and have an idea of what a president who isn't selfish would do. Since that's what you're insinuating, maybe you'd like to have a single point of relevance before thinking Trump is such a hero while sucking him off?
It's why we elected him pres: "Trump/Pence '16: Butts for Days"
Yo because the Binding sub is made for shitposts. Are you new here?
Exact reason why I won't touch Bumbo/Bum in greed. Just get fucked in the asshole
Bored me will start doing Insta reroll runs, but doesn't make it good. Just interesting
Garlow112 400 hundo anything, pref hunter
No, they weren't baseless. Once again, they were steeped in your retarded ass comments. I was stupid enough to look at your pair history where you advocate torture (because you think it gets verifiable information), that bannings don't hurt the country because all brain surgeons are equally competent, that Obama created the list of countries with restricted travel: these are all points of view from someone who has spent exactly zero time doing any sort of research themselves. Other stupid things: that a selfish person wouldn't leave their company, even though acting as President will open up far more business than being a company figurehead. Or that you keep sticking your fingers in your ears instead of opening your eyes. Remember Herbert Hoover? He famously said he spent the first half of his life making his money, so he should spend the second half giving it away. So what did he do? Oh yea, donated his wealth to the needy, and not just from the presidency, but from when he was in the private sector entirely. What did that not-selfish Trump do? Oh yea, fuck over the municipalities that gave him tax breaks so his companies had no suppprt and went under, causing thousands of jobs to be lost. Ohvyea, and then he promotes xenophobia to the point where your mindset seem a rational to people. I guess the point being if you thought my statements were baseless you're more idiotic than you demonstrated before. It's all from your stupid ass statements. So instead of playing the victim about how I'm making things up and making you look bad, look in the mirror to figure out why people think you're retarded.
On PS4 as well, feel free to shoot me a friend request. Also up to do most Destiny things whether shooting guardians or mobs.
garlow112 400 titan
Garlow112 400 titan. I have templar cp if wanted or can go freshity fresh
Garlow112. Would prefer to run my hunter but can do the ol titan as well
Garlow112 400 hunter
Hookers play vidya games too!
Garlow112 400 lock or titan
Thumbs up buttercup
Still need 1? Garlow112 400 titan
Garlow112 400 Hunter or titan lots of exp
Garlow112 400 hunter or titan
Garlow112
