The cops clearly know they're there and ignore them. So your point doesn't make much sense. Why weren't the adults arrested/detained then? Because the cops knew they weren't a threat and reacted accordingly.
Fucking ketzero.
He still kinda has a point, he doesn't owe you your play style or your kill mails.
Not really.
Winner.
Are you? Obvious satire is obvious. Jesus kid.
Sounds like a kid. Writes like a kid. Tastes like a kid. Probably a kid, kid.
its' good for pew. C5 static to do some small scale jewing/gank, null for roams. I advocated heavily for some of my previous groups to move into a hole like that.
Well, the instant you replied you downvoted. So you were upset. You can try and play it off now, sure. But we both know the truth.
Send support a picture of your bank account status for them to unlock it on your phone.
Everytime I stop by PFR's systems they stay docked up in station, playing station games. For a group that doesn't care about killmails they sure seem like everybody else in existence.
Even when they "adapt" they're affected by emp, the duration is just shorter. Funnel them through a kill-zone with 1-2 emp grenaders, the rest with guns, usually makes short work of the mechanoids.
That one doesn't seem too bad, but some of the killmails I saw were literally all in the same minute. So yea, ban hammer.
Brown v Texas man...lol
What was this exploit?
I've never heard of appeals using jury, it's always just been judges.
In the reply from the OP with the conclusion, he's asking if anyone knows any no win/ no fee lawyers for a lawsuit. For a professional victim, wouldn't he already have these contacts on hand?
I was watching this video...and was thinking "Hey I know that voice". Then I heard Kira and was like "wtf ok this is crazy" Then I got my head out of my ass and looked at the post names.
Spotted the corporate shill.
Uh....15km was the keep at range.
The sun would provide the heat! Probably not enough but would be cool.
Just press Q. Works on any distance.
T1 nano. Don't those like...not even take any fitting?
Prosecutor was "not re-hired". Not fired or anything, just his contract was not renewed.
Why do you have that heretic flair.
If they weren't nerfing dread dps vs subcaps I'd say that was a terrible idea. As it stands, it's only awful.
I've abused the shit out of dread dps against subcaps. http://www.eve-razor.com/killboard/?a=kill_related&amp;kll_id=619522 25 finishing blows because we managed to land a web or two. I also made my eve fortune out of shooting sleepless guardians in wormholes with dreads. https://www.reddit.com/r/Eve/comments/1vfphq/how_to_be_space_richtm_like_calmatt/ Believe me, I know how to use a fucking dread. And I fully, 100% admit, dreads are overpowered versus subcaps at the moment. This nerf versus subcaps is only a good thing. I shouldn't be able to wave my dread dick around and fuck everyone in the mouth. Yet I can, and do. Coming to a mouth near you, 2016.
The guy's name is Tricky Dutch
He was webbing un-overheated at 15km. So, even with links, he's slightly faction fit. Pretty sure the point was as well but can't be arsed to go back and look.
Dutch communities in EVE are about as much terror as the Dutch are in real life. :)
What's the point of ascendancy implants if everyone else in the fleet doesn't also have them? Feels like there's way better implants in those slots to have.
Ok dude wtf. You can run c5 sites with a marauder, not even crazy faction tank. And you died in a fucking c3. Seriously. I'm like, mad for all the wrong reasons here.
Probably not. Gilas have great alpha and everyone underestimates them. 0 m/s would've given a penetrating or wrecking shot.
Hey If you're careful and know what to look for you can make money on these, I've done it. Got to about 200mil profit then accidentally bought a vexor for VNI prices. Still positive! I just stopped when I was ahead afterwards though.
Do you mean for turrets? Not really. The closest you get is that there's typically "dual" medium guns with the lower tier caliber. Less range, less dps, but better tracking. So cruisers can get frigates harder with frigate tracking, and battleships hit cruisers with cruiser tracking. Analogous but current rapid missile doctrines are actually superior to most other larger caliber missile turrets unfortunately. And why not? Cuz fuck you. No really turrets are mostly fine atm (except minmatar medium arty).
We're all PL alts. I'm also a RLLO alt. Also been accused of being a brave alt. And a HK spy. And NC. one time. Jesus Christ you guys are paranoid.
Only times I used them was in legions and...oh....my god....you're right.
Well that's rich.
Come on, really? Illegal immigrants?
He's captain, now.
better
wh space
&gt; The math of suicide ganking has been finely honed. There's no real risk in it. The math of suicide ganking has been finely honed. There's no real risk in it.
It's funny, if you hang it from the mirror they can also (legally) ticket you for an obstructed window, and there's plenty precedence for this. So either way, this ticket's getting tossed, especially with the PR.
How can you tell if someone lives in a wormhole? There's be about 3 battle reports and reddit posts.
He's about half on point, and you know exactly the point he's trying to make. Instead of addressing it, you're taking advantage of his lapse and acting like you have no clue what he's trying to say. You're both ass-hats, unfortunately.
Wtf? Spoons? Like...silver? Sourch: American. Not fucking sorry.
Answer: Probably. Are the numbers in yet? No.
Dunno why the downvotes, in SF where I drive this is absolutely true and is exactly what I've been doing. Uber does tend to surge higher though so I'll compare the two depending on the area I'm in.
I drive in SF. If I drove for Uber for 10 hours I'd make $150. Take 35 out of the earnings for gas, and minus the mileage for depreciation and I'm making less than minimum wage.
Ok I just picked somebody up on Market St in SF, hold on traffic let me get out and do a 360 scan panoramic picture of this car. Yea no fuck you. You damage the car, you pay. Simple as that.
Yea publicly. You think they don't get chewed out for causing their department grief in private?
google it, it's available.
To be fair RA would have less members if they actually logged in.
Dickstar hardened pos...ain't noone wanting to fuck with that.
Yea no shit sherlock. Thanks for adding to the conversation.
I'm scratching my head where you got it from that I was confused about that.
What a wierd fucking comment to make though.
Literally had to manually change the request option. And probably didn't even enter in a destination either, hence no price estimation.
That's the problem, there IS no value competing for drivers. You have to force them, like in this lawsuit.
Fun idea! Unfortunately sounds like you don't really understand how bubbles work. Your best bet is to just utilize your statics for isk and have home sites be strictly at-your-own-risk. Also you'll be farmed to shit. Seriously though I wish you the best but this will die in a ball of fire.
If it's the same computer the logs are still there. Go to your documents, EVE, then chatlogs. Sort by date. Or search them for a word or phrase you remember from the encounter to find the right file. Bam. Donezo.
You know what would've answered any and all questions you'd have by now? Going to your Documents/EVE/Logs/Chatlogs. Literally would've been quicker than typing that response, then waiting for my response.
MY RAVEN WAS EQUIPPED WITH THE FOLLOWING.
Wow exhale is still alive? Glad to see it.
Ah, the originals.
People rage if they de-aggress, people taunt if they don't and die. It's a never ending cycle of stupidity.
scram webbed.
WTF. ITS A TENGU. JUST LIKE, SLAMJAM SOME SHIT IN THE MIDS. SOME MISSILES IN THE HIGHS. BAM, YOU'RE DONE.
meh
You're putting way too much thought into this. Maybe the legion though what's the point I'm scram/webbed on station, what's the chance he doesn't also have a prop mod. Maybe triage logged in to find out it didn't have fuel. Maybe he dc'ed. Maybe the frigate menace entered local and he lost all hope. Maybe dreddit is recruiting. Maybe.
Thanks I hadn't noticed.
Gay Mexicans I'm not joking.
https://www.reddit.com/r/Eve/comments/4lyihw/300milhr_per_domi_rr_c4_sorry_for_quality/?ref=share&amp;ref_source=link Domis &gt; Snakes. Lol.
https://www.reddit.com/r/Eve/comments/4lyihw/300milhr_per_domi_rr_c4_sorry_for_quality/?ref=share&amp;ref_source=link
https://www.reddit.com/r/Eve/comments/4lyihw/300milhr_per_domi_rr_c4_sorry_for_quality/?ref=share&amp;ref_source=link
Uh, no, that is accurate. I've done these for years, as a member of LZHK you'd think you'd know how to jew :p. Sure, if you want to sit down for 8 hours and jew the numbers go down for hole rolling, etc. But who can do that? Most people need a break, and most holes have several sites to do in them. Just look at my loot at the end of the video, divide by site time (which includes warp in).
Uhh idk what to tell you, try using my fit? 4 should work wonderfully. Asign drones to one main and have him use a tp?
Much obliged senior! Was wondering what Id do to deserve a gold :D
110/12X60=550. The 100 number is kinda low I listed just so people don't complain but ok lets do that, 100/12X60=500. So realistically 550. However your efficiency goes way up when you bring more domis in, so yea 300 mil each.
Idk to do two toons you gotta use rattles or marauders, and c5's are perused more often by hunters, this is just a easy laid back way to get mega isk. Plus logistics isn't bad as you generally have a low class wh static. &lt;3 stay classy LZKH
Homeboy, when he says refuse an FST he does not mean the breathalyzer. If you passed the breathalyzer, and they still brought you to jail that's a settlement waiting to happen, and has happened in the past.
I barely played when I was in HK, but no I'd discovered this well before.
I have two screens, I thought it would switch on fraps but maybe not, you'll see my mouse move off the right side of the screen.
CCP
On the tougher sites sure, you will need more. And they actually don't tank the second wave very well at all, but they always switch target once you're in low armor so *shrugs*. You'll see it happen in the video, it happens at that point every time.
If you have trouble, feel free to drop a DDA for more tank. IDK what would be best, a DCII, another enam, or a kinetic/therm hardener. Honestly feel free to faction these as much as you want, imp navy enams, a-type layering membranes, true sansha hardener, all aren't that expensive. But the point here is that it's super cheap. If you only have 2, then you can't run the other sites very easily.
Right?
You too, can enjoy potato. While flying potatoes *holy shit it just hit me*
Sure can! But you need some offensive module, like a target painter or something. In a large group, dropping a TC for a tp is no big deal, but can affect performance in my dual setup.
You are correct.
lol
A discount still would've charged more. The point of a discount is to get you to spend more, not exactly the same while the proprietor gives out more stuff.
Certain classes, and at least in these sites. I'm fairly certain it changes for other sites. But in general, snipe the frigates, and they usually seem to ignore drones. Unless you're dealing with guardians (if they're even still around).
Probably was none around.
Get outta here with that crazy Canadian talk.
No one wants to be a defense lawyer for an obviously guilty man.
Saves you on the second wave actually. You dont have to believe me, but youd die often without it. Especially if you do the other sites.
Not everyones alts are always perfect domi pilots, and the whole point of this is low stress, dont worry about parking alts on holes, etc. So no, your efficiency is still the same. Also small groups just ninja salvage while they roll the hole, so times not wasted. Kthx.
It was my mid grade virtues. Lol no it was my plate, which is the entire reason its there.
One can dream :)
MJD capable. 50k tank. Really tank is to just buy you time to get back and jump through untill cavalry comes. And Im fairly certain bcs have more room than t1 destroyers, salvage +tcus take up space.
This was the work of Calmatt, not that dasterdly CaImatt imposter.
Drones used are almost exclusively sentries, so black hole is very doable. The hardest part is remembering to cntrl space both toons
Im sorry man, you need to look at the distances involved on these sites. This isnt a Haven in null, lol. Im sniping the third wave at 100 and finishing at 70km, then you immediately scoop and go. Even if it did help, I often run in a gang so that would definitely slow you down.
Fail troll, come again.
You're completely wrong about the detention part, btw. I suggest further research besides your "gut feeling".
fuck you beat me to it.
That is an attitude that does exist, however that is not what's happening here. What's happening here is a cover up, plain and simple. The man wants to insure accuracy of test scores and methodologies, and has offered to meet with in person many times the school district etc to sort out any privacy issues, they have refused many times (even after legal judgements) to grant these information requests. They're covering their ass because they did something wrong, probably fudged test scores to get government funding.
Yea no wormhole space is hard enough as it is. Although they've mostly switched to FAX's for large class plenty still run with logistics cruisers.
Expecting service at slave wages is ridiculous.
Cops go to protective custody.
Wtf? No
It's a ratting carrier, that he uses to occasionally kill blue carriers with.
How do you do this?
The Hilton on O'Farrel in SF is notorious for this. No one wants to go in the back entrance google!
Im mad? Or someone else is mad? Im glad he lost his super, btw lol. Hes a dick.
He has a better sense of humor, definitely. And he has a huge cock, too.
Wormholers think they're so smart, little do they know *they merely adopted the shadows, I was born into it*. Scanned a wh recently, left an afk alt on the hole to our space, baited out a gang that was forming to bait us on the other side. Went to sleep smiling. Well, crying less than usual.
Well, we've recently been given the ability to not accept every request, and I am actively screening all non-surge POOL and ratings of 4.5 and below requests. Ratings matter now, so soon you won't be getting any rides if that's your attitude. Have fun taking taxi's from now on.
Honestly, I've begun to rely on taskrabbit for when I'm in the city to boost my daily earnings. 15 -30 minutes for a $25 delivery? AND a $11 tip? Yes please $60/hour. I have a tool kit for things like mounting tasks etc, which are a freaking gold mine. $40-50, 30 mins max, etc.
Keep digging that reddit karma hole, pl fuccboi.
It's my understanding in a trial you would absolutely be able to subpoena the caller, both criminal and civil.
Idk, all you'll see is people equipping these instead of tank. The purpose of fitting is to provide meaningful choices, so having them separate is still a good idea imo.
Well, when you're in DT SF and doing several minimum fare trips in a row, this helps for sure.
Guy's please don't give anything to this scammer.
downvoting you.
Even in SF, which is "the holy grail", DO NOT QUIT YOUR JOB. Supplement.
CALL YOUR JOB BACK. PLEASE. DO NOT DO THIS TO YOURSELF.
Keep sending the same question, link your previous ticket number every time. You won't get an answer, but you'll piss them off more.
You reply to everyone who disagree's with you as "you're a mole" or "i'm onto you". I'm calling this a scam. Am I a mole?
Oh man, I got called a name on the internet :( Have fun with your trolling.
7.7% of the cash the highway patrol seizes goes back to the manufacturers. Think about that for a minute.
Can't find you when he's in prison.
Someone rubbed chocolate into my seats the other day, uber now wants you to submit a picture of your "receipt" for the cleaning service. As all I used was water and a towel, the "receipt" was a picture of that. $20 for 2 minutes of work.
I want to downvote you but it's too funny.
Because while they can't out dps fleets they're still powerful dps boats?
Or, if these groups just grew up and used widows for everything, they could escalate with shield triage. Hmm :)
Except it'll be an AT reward ship so PFFTTTT throw balance out the window get fucked, it'll warp cloaked, infinite jump range, perma jam AOE effects, 2k dps, and have a marauder's tank.
Im fairly certain youre lying, as passengers cant "check" their ratings, but requires an email to support which takes a day or two. Got a screenshot? :) Also where do you use the service? SF area?
Sure, $20 before gas. What about mileage on your car? Depreciation? Maintenance? Tell me how many miles you drove, for how much money, and I'll show you how much you're actually making.
Really though just a letter from a lawyer, and they'll probably want to meet to "discuss" things.
Isn't that worse? I mean hey you got frags but come on man...
I like the idea on paper that a witness report is not an exigent circumstance, however this feels like arm-chair lawyering to me. Officer, the murderer just ran inside there! - Dies Sorry Sir can't go in there *quite* yet.
And you call ME a carebear... Well I am, but still...
Do you ever undock?
Maybe you should trim/wash your sausage more.
Do you need context? No.
You do realize the laws don't protect you from the people intent on carrying out those crimes, right? Just look at Paris.
Better food rations, probably.
If it's anything like the last Bay Area meetup it'll be filled with nerds named "melkor" who refuse to give their real name, everyone lying about their non-existent girlfriends, and have a distinct lack of eye contact. So yea the more the merrier. Paging /u/Maldrantus
Lmao apparently.
If what you said in that thread is true, I hope they die in a fire. Then die again twice before they hit the ground.
I'm fairly certain "Melkor" was in goons, so...
Actually that does give justification, so try again.
Uhh didn't you guys just get lucky from trying to do another op and happened to be behind them? That's the gist I got when I was on comms.
500 republic fleet bouncers dropped from DST we killed in rancer once. Good times.
Not really. Give paypall email. Driver notices deposit. What's messy?
Not really. Driver's can't see individual ratings. If there's ACTUALLY a problem, you make a report and the driver DOES get to see this report.
I politely decline assisting with loading. You should too. At least until the tip culture changes.
Lawl. I only see one entitled cunt here, and that's the guy who thinks he's entitled to better service, cleaner cars than taxis, while at a cheaper fare and the drivers should be HAPPY for minimum wage.
$161 dollars, minus $88.55 at the government rate of $.55/mile. Then minus another $88.45 back, leaves you at a loss of $16 for 5 hours of work. So no, not "even if you want to talk depreciation". Fuck off, troll.
$161 dollars, minus $88.55 at the government rate of $.55/mile. Then minus another $88.45 back, leaves you at a loss of $16 for 5 hours of work. Depreciation is real, it exists.
You're completely delusional. Sorry.
I'm confused. My wormhole J112928 is a class 4. It's region is D-R00019. It's a "D" class wormhole?
Can I use a lifeline? Phone a friend? Will you be my friend? So lonely...
What are you talking about?
Should be fixed now! Take your *this guy browses reddit* intel and do what you will!
There's a heron floating in there, that thank god I didn't kill because we ended up rolling ourselves out when trying to jew in that hole later, almost lost the billions in loot. So they can take that. And a condor.
Better yet, when you're in SF do taskrabbit like I do now. Drive for uber, and take a task when it becomes available. More than half my daily income is taskrabbit now. Got $120 for 3 hours for furniture assembly last Friday.
I saw one of those last night. Cool to see this story immediately after.
Will vanguard be using vanguard carriers to alpha stainwagon machariels now?
Nope c4 in domis. Look at my submissions to see my video of it.
I'm in a wormhole corp but it's a mostly defunct one well past it's glory days where it's just me and a few friends. Me and my buddies put 8 domis out easily so we have to keep it small for mass restrictions. If you're looking for a corp I recommend the autism of Sanctuary of Shadows.
That awful fucking writing. Jesus.
"Ever work in a call center?" "Yes, I have, and a sup call is a sup call" "You just got OBSCUREDREAD'ed." If you're having trouble following.
Dont worry guys, theres "no basis for criminal charges". Nothing to see here, move along.
Don't you mean "Taxo Alto"
Bill Gates quote about 256k goes here.
Hit rock with another rock to make smaller, better shaped rocks, ie: stonecraft
No.
*Sigh*.....zips
My father bought a new laptop, and had trouble getting outlook to work on it. So he googled outlook help support, and was brought to one of these fake websites where they had him install hamachi and they promptly installed rootkits and took control. 4 hours of owning the laptop, and I'm yelling at him "What did you do!?" While I'm trying to close down Hamachi and the scammer has opened up notepad via the command line, and is begging me to not close the connection as "there are critical issues with your computer". Jesus christ.
I guess? What does this have to do with your victory being in essence hollow, like your soul?
What are you talking about, second place. There's literally no one in your warzone contesting, nor have I even been in your shitty roleplaying FW. Terrible troll.
Go steal some shit. Then people will know who you are. http://evewho.com/pilot/Calmatt Someone literally said they wished I would go and get dick cancer. Good times.
To do that, you still had to have had the fighters move that 4000km in the first place.
He was an insurance agent and had already been doing stuff on it related to that.
No control over mouse :). FTFY
Some animals are more equal than other animals, duh. Also LOL@doomchinchilla, that guy has given me many laughs over the years.
"That way leads to the forums...we don't go there anymore".
I'm fairly certain this is against the rules of a character sale, you can not include asset worth into a character sale.
I agree that the banter about your family dying is a little much however you seem to be a bit confused about the situation with your comment "when he was supposed to be changing oil only". These oil change prices are so low because they subsidize them with the hope you'll need more work done. This should be well understood by everyone involved, like the expectation of tipping. You want cheap work? Well you'll have to say no a few times to other stuff. They're not awful for looking if more work needs doing.
Didn't some of the juror's explicitly state they let OJ go because the officers that beat Rodney King got off? Not quite the same I would think.
Grew up in florida. Florida's coconuts are sure to taste good, right? Nope. Wallpaper glue. Every. Time.
You're confusing "background check" with "psych report". Background checks won't stop stuff like this happening, just like how Taxi's occasionally assault their riders as well. You do realize a shit-ton of uber drivers are taxi drivers, right?
I'm a little torn on the load/unload part if they're tipping. I generally don't help load/unload because I generally don't get tipped. But if someone's throwing down a few extra bucks into my pocket I'd help them load.
And like, Morocco I think.
Found floating the other day: http://i.imgur.com/wMQ9JZo.png https://www.reddit.com/r/Eve/comments/4ob4a0/found_an_offline_russian_pos_lastnight/
http://i.imgur.com/n8umjWj.png
