I think they are just trying to add a soft power-switch before the regulator.
You don't need to port the compiler to run on the FPGA, just generate code for it. And yes, it's still difficult, but once you have logic that targets the most critical code sections, those small fragments can be converted into stuff that runs dang near instantly on the FPGA part (better results for code with few external data dependencies). The worst part of it would be the integration between FPGA chunks and the rest of the code on the CPU, and I imagine there could be a lot of security gotcha's involved until it is well developed, depending on the hardware architecture.
Maybe someone on /r/ececomponentexchange would want it... probably only cost you a few bucks for shipping to get rid of it. Otherwise just toss it in the trash. There's worse crap that gets thrown out every day, and in much larger quantity. Normally components don't have lead in them anyway, and that's the most significant contamination concern. (edit: Also watch for mercury and cadmium, these are problems as well).
Just curious, what processes can be used to effectively recycle materials like basic ICs, resistors, etc? It seems to me that it is at best a break-even kind of proposition, when there are no precious metals inside. Do they just melt down all the metal in bulk and burn off the plastics?
Yeah, don't throw out mercury containing components either. If there's no lead/mercury/cadmium it should be rather harmless. Some people make a big deal about the little bit of arsenic and other dopants in ICs, but you know, being encased in non-biodegradable plastic does a pretty good job of keeping it where it is, which is all you can say about these chemicals when naturally occurring in the earth.
Just keep IBM away from it. In college they made us use Rational. I think I'm scarred for life. It was *worse* than the old Mentor Graphics stuff we had to run on Sun workstations. And that's saying something because in the mentor graphics stuff, we had to fucking right click and *turn on* scroll bars in the part selection box, EVERY TIME WE RAN THE PROGRAM. (And if you wanted to copy your project to a different directory, all the paths are hardcoded in the files, because fuck you.) But, at least you could design and simulate logic circuits, and it actually served a purpose. Unlike rational.
True, I would support a program where these types of waste are localized and stored (buried, warehoused, whatever). But I don't think there is yet a practical way to recycle them, and I have a suspicion that at this point, attempting recycling with current processes does more harm than good, both in terms of released pollutants, and potential economic return. Then again this isn't my area of expertise, so grain of salt recommended.
Most often the capacitors are the initial failure. There are occasionally cases where other parts fail and blow up the capacitors, and I've even seen a case where capacitors went first and then some mosfets blew up (poor circuit design though).
4.0.4 has the raid corruption issue; don't run raid with it.
Oh weird, I google searched it quick and the first result suggested it was still affected, maybe there's a gentoo patch that fixes it or something? Not sure. (edit after checking the rest of the thread: could be another issue like demonstar55 suggests)
Some of the micros are pretty low power and most could beat out any TTL type logic but it could be a toss-up vs CMOS logic.
Most alkalines are comparable to each other, though there have been some recent higher capacity versions (higher price too, maybe not worth it). Avoid "heavy duty" as these are actually the crappy kind that struggle under higher load and are more likely to leak, especially when left in the device drained.
I'm not sure how avr compares, but once you start to get deep into PICs, you start finding all these little details that could have maybe been done one way or another, and then you have a "hmm, i wonder if that can be made to do this trick..." - and more often than not, they thought of it and yep, it works. For example, the UART emulation mode on pickit2 is one of these. You can have a generic communication with a PC just by having the programmer plugged in, and if you wire a UART peripheral to those pins you can use the hardware UART to talk to the PC. Speaking of UARTs, there are polarity inversion bits you can set. Not strictly necessary but they thought of it. Some little tricks the (admittedly otherwise irritating) assembly language allows are cool. For instance, the conditional instruction skips don't affect code timing for when you want a cycle accurate routine. I was able to write a custom 16 bit-ish virtual machine for pic18 that always executes one virtual instruction in exactly 68 PIC instructions, and that conditional instruction skip really saved my ass (amongst a few other tricks!)
They should have sent it all in wav but having been run through compression/decompression. But then, site bandwidth...
I don't know if this actually came into it or not, but some of the lossy stuff can be "un-clipped" to some extent during playback, if the clipping is short enough (and volume is reduced). If I remember, winamp was like this back in the day if you turned the eq settings down - I think for mp3's it applied the eq during decoding and not as a postprocessing. The adding-back of redundant data in effect somewhat predicts what would have been at certain spots if it weren't clipped. If anyone knows more I'd love to hear about it. I'm kinda hazy on this so I don't want to be talking out my ass if I'm wrong!
No, you're not wrong for all of them. There's every kind of LED driver imaginable actually in products. No driver at all for a coin cell+LED, dumb resistor for 3 cell operation (these ones vary brightness a good amount with voltage), buck converters that run well until voltage drops near the LED forward voltage, boost converters that destroy the LEDs if you try to put a higher voltage battery in (but can safely turn a bank of LEDs off just by shorting them out!), joule thiefs that can run from a single cell, etc etc. Most of the giveaway crap LED flashlights are 3 cell with either resistor or maybe a linear regulator if you're really lucky.
Find a flashlight that runs from 2 cells, it will likely work in there because the circuitry has to boost voltage to run white LEDs anyway.
Once you understand the exact scope of the problem (ie, conceptually what does the system have to do), try to find some pre-made equipment that does as much function of that as possible, or "to-taste" of how difficult you want the engineering to be...
Pretty unlikely, most audio is compressed when it hits the network already. Usually they go after the low hanging fruit, and trying to compress/decompress audio real-time to save a tiny amount of traffic is a little questionable.
Hahaha, Misty... that's a dog's name.
&gt; A solution to poverty is not "kill the poor". I wish I could agree with you but logic is not on your side here.
Yeah strain relief and the potentially loose solder chunk are the only things that majorly bug me. I mean, separation is a problem for lightning strikes and such but anything else that would make it conduct would probably destroy the thing anyway (liquid immersion, etc), and a big enough voltage pulse would arc thru the transformer anyway. I suspect if there are worse problems, they are hiding in the circuit design or in poor quality components.
Also, laptop power supplies are often 19.5V. Should be plenty close to work alright, just get one that can provide enough amps (this could be the hard part).
In principle you can but the trick is connecting it, and meter lead &amp; wire resistance can throw off the reading a little bit (if you have another meter you can measure the voltage lost at the same time and approximate the difference) Anyway you'd want to wire the battery pack in the same as it normally is, but put the meter (in amp mode) in place of one of the power carrying wires (if there are more than 2). Be careful to use the highest amperage mode and connection point - if the meter has a 400mA mode or similar, you will blow the fuse if you try to measure with that. The condition that will cause most amperage draw is when the tool is under full power and mechanically stuck (you don't want to run it very long like that, but it would be irritating if this condition caused your power supply to shut down and need a reset every time it happened).
Yeah digital is just a subset of analog that spends most of its time slammed to one voltage rail or another, but can be subject to a lot of the same concerns and strategies.
220 at least is a kinda standard value for 5V supply, probably came from some 5V based schematic
Sometimes opposing mosfets or things like that - then it can switch DC also.
All you have to do is leave them connected together a while with a 50 ohm resistor or something and they will equalize out. This really isn't as bad as you're making it sound.
It's the beer they spill while drinking to get over what they've done.
6172: http://www.digikey.com/product-search/en?x=0&amp;y=0&amp;lang=en&amp;site=us&amp;keywords=lm6172 lm353 (lf353): http://www.digikey.com/product-search/en?vendor=0&amp;keywords=Lf353 5543: are you sure this isn't 5534?? check the markings on the IC. http://www.digikey.com/product-search/en?x=0&amp;y=0&amp;lang=en&amp;site=us&amp;keywords=ne5534 4134: Best I can tell, it is no longer available in DIP packaging from major suppliers. Try ebay!
Try http://www.digikey.com/product-search/en?vendor=0&amp;keywords=ne5532+opamp
No, you can use a linear regulator, or use PWM with RC/LC smoothing or similar. Even just a potentiometer (adequately rated for the power) would work. They specifically cannot use a flashing LED for this application unless it's up in the MHz or something crazy.
National Native News with Antonia Gonzalez seems kinda weird too.
Hmm, I'd hope not, that thing would use a lot of quiescent current.
Also, additional voltage margin can be attained by using schottky diodes in the rectifier.
Which 32 bit chips do you think will still be around in 10, 15 years?
&gt; If your electronics are on the same circuit as one of your big inductive loads, get a surge supressor. Yeah, this is probably one of the places where surge suppressors will legitimately help, with the caveat that many of them will only clamp to 600V. Personally I think this is too much and won't stop a lot of things from being damaged. Something that clamps at 200V (115VAC) or 400V (230VAC) would be a lot safer. A lot of the time lightning damage doesn't happen from hot&lt;-&gt;neutral/ground anyway, but rather the electrical power wiring as a whole, and the complementary path being a phone line, or cable hookup, or something else. Having proper surge suppression where these other connections enter the house is really important.
Ahh, something like that. I was thinking like the ribbon cables with individual round wires inside them. On those, I would get some dielectric grease and apply it to the connector when you insert it. It shouldn't damage anything and doesn't really evaporate so it stays in place and keeps oxygen away from the metal. Polydimethylsiloxane (aka PDMS, aka dimethicone) is non-toxic as well (you probaby will find it in your shampoo and products like that). But don't use shampoo for this purpose! Make sure the metal is deoxidized first because the PDMS won't clean it for you.
I'd suggest a deep cycle 12V lead acid battery if weight isn't a concern. Lithium ion is more space/weight efficient but charging is more complicated and it might not be quite the exact voltage you want for your inverter. 24*11 watts is 264W so I'd recommend a 350W or better inverter just to have a safety margin. At 300W you'd need a pretty big battery to last any real length of time. It is similar to a car battery lasting with the lights and fan all on.
The anti-static bags are only weakly conductive - you'd have a hard time getting a dangerous current through one without a tesla coil.
I've seen some mice and other peripherals (I think a weird USB hub was one) that hang some old BIOS. No idea why, but it's a thing. If it works totally fine if you plug it in once it's running, my guess is this is the problem. Sometimes USB is powered by the 5V standby, which could be getting wonky on the power supply or just underpowered for all the stuff you could possibly have plugged into it.
No, I'm serious. Humidity plays a big part in keeping static under control - a very slight conductivity between your body and work surfaces and grounded equipment keeps static in check. I'm not saying you should aluminum foil over a table; that'd be retarded.
If not, finding the datasheet for a chip powered by it may tell you what voltage it's supposed to put out.
Can you come up with a specific situation where it would cause damage? I agree it's a little misguided in that use and probably not serving any real purpose, but still.
Nah it's not 100% safe, you could have an H bridge with 1M gate resistors and switch them all on (short circuit) if the gates somehow contact the bag, but nobody uses such a high impedance drive on stuff like that. Anything that could be damaged by the bag would be destroyed much, much easier by touching it with your finger (and I'm not afraid to finger fuzz boards under certain situations for troubleshooting... fixed a car stereo with overly touchy protection circuit by finding the part that was right at the threshold with my finger).
I don't know, with the kind of neck reach those turtles can have, it would need to be one damn long pliers for me to want to try it.
Yep, this is the right advice. Sometimes you find products that do put LEDs straight in parallel but these are the products that end up working crappy.
If you have them all running in parallel right now, it would probably be least work to give each of them their own resistor (clip a lead on each one and solder a resistor in). This results in the least rewiring work. But, better efficiency is attained by putting them in series groups and then less power is lost in the resistors compared to usefully used in the LEDs. A 2V LED with resistor to take it up to ~12-14V is under 20% efficient, but for low power LEDs probably isn't a huge problem. 600 ohm resistors should work to give them 20mA at 14V, but each resistor will burn about 1/4 of a watt. So you should probably use 1/3W or higher rated resistors (maybe this isn't very important if you are soldering them straight onto a heavier wire with a short lead on the resistor side - the wire will heatsink it).
Is it possible it's interference getting into the mic pickup? Check if your mic input(s) are muted. Otherwise your best bet might be a USB audio interface.
If a clock transition isn't fast enough, you should consider buffering it with a schmitt trigger based logic chip or buffer. For example, I made a single pushbutton controlled two light switch with a dual D flip flop chip (state storing), quad schmitt trigger nand (switch debouncing, some power-on reset logic, doubled up inputs for inverters). Q' just went back to data, and either Q or Q' became the clock for the second flipflop. The most challenging part was making the power-on reset work under various conditions: power input slowly rising, quickly rising, partial power-off (voltage never totally disappearing), all these conditions with the debounce capacitor in different state of charge, etc. I ended up using the power LED as part of the power-on reset circuit (as a voltage reference of sorts)... I wish I would have made a schematic of all the weirdness. Anyway the constraint I worked with is that accidental output activation isn't allowed. It is okay if it loses state and turns both outputs off, but not turning something on that was off, through power glitches. Anyway, the long and short of it, is you can use an RC filter into a schmitt trigger logic chip and it does a pretty decent job of debouncing. It might not catch some really weird corner cases of very momentary partial contact (the enforced delay between presses might become rather short, but it's still there), but it did perfectly fine with the real switch I had connected to it. In retrospect, even something this simple is a job for a damn microcontroller. I just really wanted to do a project playing with some raw logic chips.
Probably any thermal compound would be okay. You start running into some noticeable differences around the 100W+ mark, at least in my experience. The only thing I noticed that really was affected performance wise was higher wattage GPUs, where a comfortable fan speed might lead to 75C with a crappy thermal paste, or 65C with a good one. YMMV, but I wouldn't worry much about the exact paste here. For what it's worth, the generic radio shack thermal compound is toward the crappy end of things though. But we use it all the time on CPUs without problems. Also, the more contact area there is, the less critical the thermal paste will be.
They already have package-less wafers that solder straight to a board that lose their shit from a camera flash (if I remember, a prominent example was the newer raspberry pi's power controller IC - camera flash and the board resets). Small LEDs on the IO pins can't be nearly that bad.
Yeah, probably a lot of screwing around to wrest those last few dB away from physics...
Hmm, I thought it was just shiny silicon with no plastic on top. I could be wrong, I think there's some photos out there that show it though. Edit: I might be wrong - it's U16 straight down from the bottom left corner of the broadcom chip in [this image](https://blog.adafruit.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/Pi_II_top_ORIG.jpg). It looks like there's some label printed over it but apparently whatever packaging is there is inadequate.
Yes, if you use like a 10K resistor to pull to VCC, the programmer can overcome this and drive it to ground, or instead drive it to 10V (or whatever that part uses to trigger programming)
It's actually getting pretty dang usable. I've been playing starcraft 2 and torchlight 2 on it for over a year now. Tho, I don't think I've updated mesa since a year ago either... I should really get my shit updated one of these days. The funny part was when I first got my APU, the catalyst drivers were nearly unusable. They would lock up in like 20 seconds of resizing a terminal. Mesa wasn't too good in the beginning either, but it only locked up once every day or two, and had some irritating visual glitches in 3d. The version I've been running the last year has been rock solid, with maybe one or two GPU hangs total that recovered without losing my running programs, and the glitches the earlier version had are gone.
A lot of that old stuff, if you can't pull a usable connector out of an old system (hopefully otherwise nonfunctional), you might have to rig something up. Maybe you can halfass it with some quick connects stuck into perfboard? Unfortunately .250 makes you have to drill out between holes, but then again I think you'd have to anyway with it that wide. But .400 lines up. Another possibility is just solid copper clad with holes drilled whereever you need them, and dremel away to make connection pads?
Also check out [icestorm](http://www.clifford.at/icestorm/) for open source lattice ice40 bitstream tools, and [yosys](http://www.clifford.at/yosys/about.html) for some xilinx/lattice open source synthesis. Yosys has a [subreddit](http://reddit.com/r/yosys) and the developer is pretty responsive to bug reports. I talked him into adding a paypal donate button on the site so if it's something useful to you, throw a little cash and help keep development going. Things are starting to get rolling for open source fpga development, which personally I consider a big missing part of the fpga world.
You can still play it online! [Here's the one I played](http://lord.nuklear.org/) - you might need to experiment with a few terminal programs to find something that renders everything correctly, but even if there's some visual glitches, it should still be plenty playable. Don't forget to google out some hints and cheat codes - it's basically mandatory to play the game well.
I was surprised to learn that there is a polarity of sorts to film and ceramic capacitors. Basically the outer-most foil layer of the capacitor connects to one pin or the other and influences how much exposure each pin has to interference. But on modern capacitors you can only find this experimentally as the pin marking is either absent or wrong half the time.
Well, there's a few issues. First, the transformer is putting out AC, and probably the DC fan won't like this much at all. The other problem is that 12V is the "average" voltage put out by the transformer (actually RMS average, which is slightly different and approximates the equivalent AC voltage that a resistive load would respond to the same as 12VDC). But the second issue is that the peak voltage is at least squareRoot(2) * 12V, and maybe a little more if the transformer is specced for voltage under its rated load. It's not unheard of for a transformer like that to put out 25V or a little more peak voltage. So the answer to the first problem is use a bridge rectifier. This makes each negative half cycle of AC mirrored so that the output is always positive. If you put a capacitor after the rectifier, it will smooth the output voltage (it will approach the peak voltage of the transformer and dip a little between peaks). If the transformer had an appropriate peak voltage, this would be enough to end with. But because the peak voltage is higher than would be good to put on the fan, you'll also want a 12V regulator like a 7812 (and possibly additionally a small ceramic capacitor to put across its output for stable operation, but you might get away without it in this case). Sorry that my answer probably just raises more questions than anything, but these are good and useful topics to learn about.
If it is a dual 230V/115V primary with single 12VAC output, you would connect 230VAC to the yellow wires, or on 115V, one yellow wire and the black wire. The output would be on the red ones. If it is a single voltage primary with a center tapped 12VAC output (kinda like a + and - 12VAC which you could combine to 24VAC, or maybe +/-6 that combine to 12VAC) then red gets the wall power and the other side either uses the yellow ones or one yellow and one black. A multimeter would help determine things. There can be very dangerous voltages if you connect it the wrong way, and its internal coil insulation could possibly become damaged. The best way to figure something like this out is by applying a low AC voltage (eg, like 9VAC) to the suspected primary and see if you get a small voltage at the secondary, using a multimeter to check.
There's a few things that help this work: The battery can put out a ridiculous amount of current. So the places where the water conducts a little juice doesn't really faze the main 12V power supply. Also, most wiring is insulated the vast majority of its way. Often if there is a computerized control box, the box is halfway well sealed, and often the board and parts on it are is coated with a nonconductive material. Could things go wrong in a situation like this, without careful testing? Of course! But it's also plenty plausible that it would work fine. Afterwards, though, the thing will probably rust like mad.
Well, if you ever play around with electroplating, you'll find that for a fixed voltage, you get a fixed current that is controlled by the geometry of the terminals, their spacing from each other, and the conductivity of the water (mostly dissolved ions, salt and such). The water won't just suck up as much current as you can throw at it, but it maxes out based on the voltage you apply. In this case you end up with whatever 12V gets you and the spacing from all the exposed positives to the probably grounded frame. My guess is it's anywhere from 1 to 15 amps, but the battery won't care until you get a lot more than that (or spend enough time in the water to drain it out). The other fun part, is that while this current is flowing, one of the terminals is slowly dissolving, and the other one is probably getting metal or some other crud from the water deposited on it.
It's a good thing I get to live vicariously through reddit... you know how hard it is to find friends that defenestrate themselves on a whim?
Yeah there seems to be a lot of counterfeiting or "extra hours" run on the assembly lines. But, I think a big part is that even the counterfeit ICs are usually okay, but some other components that can be cheaped out on, not so much (electrolytic capacitors, etc). Another thing I learned about, is that there is an awful lot of illegal importing of old stock back into china (seriously they pack the chips into bricks like they were smuggling drugs or something), and then they resell them. I don't know if I can really consider it a bad thing, at least the shit gets put to use then. For hobby use, I think the chips from china are alright. I would put together a good testing system before using them in production products though.
Indeed! Also related, electricity doesn't take the path of least resistance, it takes all paths in inverse proportion to their resistance. Though with lightning it's a little different because there is a breakdown voltage that must be overcome, but once it does, all the current wants to take that path because it's no longer infinite resistance.
Yeah usually they will reuse fine unless they're a squishy-deformy kind and they got wrecked from handling after you removed the heatsink.
Nothing. There is no one thing that every couple should do.
Makes for a better teenage angst song than "Need the family car... my dad, he will not yield..."
On the plus side, inrush for motors usually isn't as bad as in stupid capacitor buffered power supplies that have no PFC circuit. Blew out a few various rated optotriacs (3A, 8A, 12A) before realizing the damn thing was probably drawing a hundred or two amps inrush briefly. We switched to using a "swap meet special" giant ass relay. Those things are so badass, they never bothered to put an enclosure around the contacts (dust? what's that?)...
Reason being, the core used in it is probably designed to be lossy?
Edit: Oops, my understanding of JK flipflops was incorrect - both high should configure it to toggle. Although here is another option you could consider trying: I would suggest using a D flip-flop with Q` routed back to D. Then every clock will make it toggle, if that's what you're going for. The fancier flip-flop chips have clear/preset inputs that let you implement a reset switch that sets everything to a certain state (these may or may not be synchronized with clock - check datasheets).
Next time just tell them you like horses, not horse shit.
It's not the frequency of the clock (at least not how you normally think of frequency), it's how fast it goes from a low voltage to a high voltage and vice versa. If you use a 555, you want to pick the output from the chip that drives high and low, and not pick the capacitor node that slowly changes voltage. Another consideration is that high voltage must be high enough or it won't register, and low voltage must be low enough. Running it through a schmitt trigger based chip will probably fix that problem as well, if the thresholds are far enough toward the center. Also using a CMOS 555 IC would get you outputs that approach VCC and ground pretty closely. Sometimes there are problems connecting between TTL and CMOS where especially the high output voltage from TTL isn't high enough for the CMOS input. Sometimes running the CMOS from 3.3V and TTL from 5V can fix this (but I don't think this specifically is your problem here)
Missed the boat, it's already posted [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/electronics/comments/38z79d/10ghz_microwave_data_link_teardown/)! (though in /r/electronics)
You want astable. The short intro to how it works, is the 555 has an output that drives low or high (you want to take this as your clock output), and then there is an input pin that flips the output when it crosses past VCC\*(1/3) or VCC\*(2/3). This pin gets connected to a capacitor pin (other end of cap to ground), and you use a resistor from the 555 output to the top end of the cap which pulls the capacitor towards VCC or towards ground depending on the output state. So the capacitor voltage moves by (1/3) of VCC each half cycle (this would likely not be appropriate for a CMOS input in any way, but that's why you use the chip output instead), but that particular voltage swing makes the RC time calculations really nice to work with. Basically multiply R and C (in ohms and farads) and that's approximately how many seconds it takes for each half cycle. Keep R in the 1K&lt;-&gt;100K range for best results, so that it doesn't try to pull too much or too little current (too much is an obvious problem but with too little, leakages can throw off operation). Check [this page](http://www.learnabout-electronics.org/Oscillators/osc44.php) and scroll down to "50% Duty Cycle Astable" - this is the circuit I'm talking about - many of the examples use 2 resistors in a different configuration, but for 50% duty cycle like a normal clock has there's no need. The capacitor on the control pin might not be necessary depending on the particular 555 but it's probably best to include it (it doesn't really factor into the timing calculations though). Hopefully this helps! [Edit:] Actually at 5V operation, you will save a ton of grief by using a CMOS 555 instead of a normal one, because the output high voltage may not reach high enough! The one time I implemented this circuit, it was with a CMOS part because it needed to draw very little power during operation (it was part of a weird low current power supply for helping to drive MOSFETs).
Just to make sure you saw my edit on the last msg about using a cmos 555 - otherwise a possible workaround if you don't have one on hand might be a 1K pull-up resistor from VCC to output and using a 10K or greater timing resistor. As you might guess, 555's aren't really the best for "precision" timing but you should be able to get a functional clock signal one way or another!
Yeah honestly for basic music recording, normalizing the audio to the max range (don't go nuts with dynamic range compression though - normally I don't do it at all!), adding a short fade-in at the beginning, and a longer fade-out at the end adds a lot to the production value... Beyond that you should have good mics, good audio capture, and something worth recording.
Yeah VLC gives the impression of a project with great goals, and it tries its best to do everything. It looks like you can do anything imaginable when you start looking into the advanced settings, but then when you actually try doing some weird stuff, don't be surprised to run into bizarre program quirks (restart it after every settings change, just to make sure!), and if that doesn't make it work, maybe that function is broken, and there could be another one hiding in there that does something similar and maybe it actually does work. But yeah, once you get past the surface, there's a ton of stuff that simply has not been tested much and doesn't work for shit, once you start to stray from default settings. It's still a solid program just for playing videos though.
I think it's probably still normal. I would plug it in outside a while, tin the tip with solder when it gets hot enough, and see if the smoke subsides after a few minutes. Sometimes the metal is coated with an oil of sorts to help keep it looking shiny in storage.
Both. Small amounts of carcinogen have a small chance of causing a harmful DNA mutation. Large amounts of carcinogen have a larger chance, but the dose is multiplicative with itself - that is if 1 unit causes a 1% chance, 2 units (at the same time) might cause a 3% chance. As acute DNA damage increases, the ability of repair mechanisms to function properly decreases, making the damage that much worse. By that logic, very small amounts might be considered negligible but there is still a chance of harm.
&gt; If the amp says 10000 WATTS! In the front and has a 2 amp fuse most likely somebody is lying there. You mean you don't plug your amps straight into the overhead electrical line?
Once per second on a resistive load? That's child's play to most of these. Shouldn't need a heatsink, but if you do, you'll notice it getting warm before it blows up. (side note, you can switch an optotriac on/off every half cycle with a resistive load with nothing too funny happening, but if these use different internals, it might not be happy with *that* fast of switching)
I think they are referring to this: &gt; Finally, 0f 1f (multi-byte NOP) is also undocumentedly fully allocated. **Interestingly, despite its name, it does access memory if the Mod/RM byte tells it to, so this "No OPeration" can cause page faults. Not quite a NOP after all.** Though, does it actually cause bus actions, or just validate the address?
Great, thanks to you, now when the machines take over, they will have the understanding to turn the Beckman DU600 spectrophotometers against us!
What kind of inductor? If it is a kind with a core, you may be pushing it into saturation by putting the magnet near it. If no components are heating up while that happens it should be safe - coils and sometimes capacitors and other stuff sometimes make some noise when there are signals in the audio range present.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Magnetostriction https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coil_noise
I wonder if it would be possible to use a breathalyser sensor by letting the liquid evaporate for a fixed amount of time into an air cavity, then blow it through the sensor? Probably a nightmare to calibrate and everything but ehh, might be doable? Otherwise can you do it by specific gravity? Have a float that sinks when the alcohol becomes concentrated enough and detect it optically?
\* With the caveat that small currents may flow as the circuit responds to static charge or capacitive coupling or things like that (in the specific case of this circuit, they could only be caused by external factors), but the fact remains that no continual DC current will flow. At the theoretical level they're teaching you, the answer's just zero for the reason MaskedEngineer gave.
The PWM would work, but beware cooking temperature will vary some depending how well the food is sucking away heat. That is, if the food drains away more heat, it will be at a lower temp. There may be cases this is more desirable than fixed temp cooking, and probably some where it isn't. Anyway, it's a cheap and easy thing to experiment with, but if you decide to use it for real, get it inside some kind of enclosure so you can't get zapped or spill food on it, etc.
If it turns out the fuse is blown (sounds like it), this is one of the situations where a lab power supply is really handy for testing. You can dial in a current limit and if something in the board is shorted, you won't keep popping fuses, and you can dial the current up until you feel the current path (and hopefully failed component) heating up, though the 7805 heating up would be expected normally, but possibly you can try powering it after the 7805.
Yeah, not only will that resistor cause weird things to happen, you should also have a decoupling capacitor close to the chip across its power supply to satisfy the large current spikes the chip consumes when it changes state. So kinda like, you want a better power supply than just plain wiring, not a worse one.
Pretty common is using .1uF, there's a little black magic in getting really effective decoupling (eg, for sensitive stuff like audio circuits), but for small digital ICs and microcontrollers, .1uF is pretty universally applicable. Something like [this](http://www.digikey.com/product-detail/en/C420C104K5R5TA7200/399-4491-1-ND/818348) or [this](http://www.digikey.com/product-detail/en/RDER71H104K0K1H03B/490-8814-ND/4770969) should work fine, whichever lead style is easier to work with for your project. I like the leads-on-the-bottom "radial" style better for soldering most of the time, but it all depends. These kind of caps aren't suitable for all applications (their capacitance probably drops as voltage across them increases) but they should work fine for decoupling and RC filters where you don't care a lot about the exact filter performance.
Yeah it's not unheard of for the fuses to just go sometimes. I've had some new fuses that shipped without the filament even installed in them...
Yep, exactly.
One per IC, located close to the IC (minimum wire distance). Sometimes you can get away sharing them if the ICs are next to each other but I wouldn't recommend it on breadboard. Sometimes it will work okay without any at all but if it does cause problems it makes troubleshooting that much harder.
Arduino is just a fancy development board for whatever microcontroller they used on it (AVR if it's an "original"). Any of those designs can be replaced with a bare microcontroller, power supply, and if there were onboard peripherals you need, those. The USB connection isn't necessary if you get an in-circuit programmer and make a programming port on your device (it basically only needs some kind of connector and a 10K resistor on the reset line to VCC). Use a little caution in case the programming lines were actually used before by your project. You can still use the arduino IDE to program if you want, or you could use raw C or even assembly language (sometimes you need to go this far to get good performance for complex stuff).
That I couldn't tell you, but if it were me, I'd just halfass solder a new fuse over it. Once the case is closed, nobody will know the difference and there's not much chance of damaging the pads in case it were desired to "fix it right" in the future. Though, if you wanted to practice, I'd desolder it and measure the pad footprint.
Buy a hot tub ozone generator off ebay, use it with an aquarium air pump from whereever.
If you think an AVR is expensive, you should start pricing out discrete logic ICs. Anything more complicated than a blinking light is cheaper done with a microcontroller, and even there, the microcontroller probably saves you total cost in terms of assembly time. I don't know what other idea you have in mind, but having played with this stuff for over a decade, I don't have one for you. And I wasn't suggesting you use a hardware Arduino, I was suggesting you make your own device with just the chip that goes on the Arduino board. Which costs... how much? If an AVR is too expensive, go with a barebones PIC10 (if you can get everything done with only a few I/O lines)... they're like under a dollar each in quantity. A little hellish to program though.
Without knowing what kind of parameters you need to accomplish the task at hand, it's hard to gauge where to aim. The ones I've seen are either UV lamp (I recommend) or some kind of arc generation (not as recommended, breaks air down into more than ozone which you might not want). Anyway, you should be able to achieve variable ozone concentrations by varying the airflow. Maybe just poke some holes in the thing and stick it in a closed box with the device to de-smoke.
Very good point.
Ahh, I gotcha! It was just worded strangely, like, an ordinary nop could do that if it tried to fetch from an unmapped address. Though I guess it wouldn't technically be a nop as it wouldn't be anything...
Gotcha, well at least it works! It's hard to gauge how those things behave at varying amperage, sometimes they get worse towards the top end, sometimes not...
I think they mean, because eating brains isn't the only way to acquire the prion disease. It can occur spontaneously, and it would apply some selection pressure that way. Just not as much as with the extra cases eating brains brings to the table.
Maybe enough EMI is getting coupled back into the gate wiring to fry it from overvoltage? I wonder if adding some artificial gate capacitance or improving the wiring geometry might help. Might be interesting to test if the gate is still insulated from source/drain after failure.
The weird thing is, it looks like there are still some leads sticking up. I wonder if they're maybe jumpered over from the back side? Also, were any parts rattling around? If not...
Oh yeah, duh, I don't know why I went straight to gate capacitance, zeners are smarter there...
I think you're missing the actual radio. The dogs had the right idea.
Domed, yes, but it's not visibly leaking. That's adhesive. Still a bad capacitor though.
Try in /r/autorepair - maybe someone will know, or have a tech manual recommendation, or something! Otherwise just buy one and test it. That's the most reliable way.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ozone#Corona_discharge_method
&gt; you need to breed fruit flies, which isn't the easiest A week old mcdonalds shake begs to differ!
And specifically, it looks like they have significantly low internal parallel resistance, like, you'd model it as a resistor in parallel with the LED. That's the only explanation how current can go through the non-lit ones and still light up the glowing ones. Which sucks not only for the un-evenness, but it is also robbing from the light emission efficiency.
My advice: Let one OS or the other manage a single /boot. Only have one bootloader. Gentoo does not need any /boot partition to function, but does need its kernel loaded somehow. I imagine arch is the same way, but haven't used it. When installing a kernel (and initrd, etc) from the non-managing OS, you may have to hack up the boot system to make sure it gets the right root= and similar arguments. I don't know anything about gummiboot so I can't really help you with the specifics there.
Right, I was just referring to -O3.
You'll learn at at least a high level how a lot of the stuff works, or else nothing will work!
In practice, oscillator inaccuracy should provide enough entropy to get by for this purpose if you use a clock counter or similar to retweak the RNG when packets arrive.
Electrically you just connect it to the same leads that fed the original key. Difficulty: might have to trace those lines out to where it can be soldered. The hard part is the mechanical aspect, but if you can get a key small enough to get in there, you can just hot glue it in. Because of the soldering issue though, i don't know if it will work easily scavenging from another keyboard.
Perpetual acceleration actually, we already have perpetual motion (eg, the earth). I'll leave the obvious correction to whoever replies first.
Pickit3, pic18 series... lesser series cause a lot of irritations unless you want to program assembly (and that also is a lot better in pic18). Read the datasheets to get an idea of capabilities, don't be afraid to dip into a little assembly for optimizing performance critical stuff, and work off of examples when possible. Everything else is just grunt work but my tip is try to unit test your code as finely as possible and life is easier. First project should just be a blinking LED and don't get discouraged when that doesn't work! Double check config fuses, make sure your pins aren't being claimed by a peripheral, etc. Good luck!
Well, I was referring mostly to the assembly language and the features available in it. The reason I recommend pic18 is that if you want to program in assembly, you get conditional branch instructions (instead of having to write backwards bit test &amp; conditional instruction skip... unless you get this stuff really straight in your head it leads to misery), and if you program in C, it has some features to make one of the FSR pointers work as a data stack pointer, so high level languages map better to the hardware. You also get a hardware 8x8 multiplier that really speeds up number scaling, even 16x16 multiplication isn't too painful using it. Ignoring those issues, PIC16 isn't too terrible (check out PIC10 or the older style PIC12s if you want to see programming hell), and for the PIC16F84 you will find a LOT of examples out there on the net. So it really isn't a bad way to go, and nearly everything you learn on PIC16 will be applicable on PIC18 anyway. Beyond the instruction architecture, there are more or fewer peripherals on different chips, but they are pretty much a "there when you need them, turned off if you don't" style thing - just be careful because comparators especially like to claim pins if you don't manually turn them off - but beyond those few gotchas you can learn or not learn the peripherals as you need them.
LED doesn't have bulbs, but same principle... there's probably a failed LED or bad solder joint inside. Assuming they indeed meant "LED" and not "LCD". It is also possible (and much, much preferable) that a backlight driver board has gone bad.
Better to have that happen at the end than the middle tho...
Nice. There are of course the pre-made switcher modules that would do the job about as well, but probably yours is a little better form factor and you got a nice case to put the thing in!
It's simple enough that the answer is almost 100% certainly "yes". Maybe someone else can chime in with a good example, but from a technical standpoint, the implementation could be done like: Set a breakpoint there and handle the logging, or else rewrite the initial instructions to call a function logger (and emulate the instructions that got replaced), etc. (kinda off-topic:) I had actually done something vaguely similar on 8088 by making an interrupt catcher for my weird Sanyo MBC-55x BIOS which can print out invocations of unhandled interrupts. The coolest trick was encoding the interrupt number in the possible segment:offset variations of the same handler address, so that I didn't need 240 different interrupt handlers... it would be kinda ugly when the memory footprint of the whole BIOS is otherwise like 10KB...
Putting them in parallel doesn't do anything too crazy, but it does (obviously) double your capacity. It is doable to varying degrees of accuracy and friendliness to the batteries. The best systems will balance the individual cells (you need connection points to each cell or pair of cells in the series), but it is generally accepted that this is overkill on NiMH (it's not overkill with lithium-ion though). If you had very large cells it could be worthwhile to have individual cell management. Another issue, many common NiMH chargers detect end of charge by watching the voltage decrease slightly at end of charge. It depends on a charge current in a certain range (per capacity), and the effect is destroyed by putting cells in series (you can't see the individual cells change voltage). So the best you can do is guess the state of charge of the whole series chain by the voltage it's at, and when it gets close to charged (read: some cells are fully charged and some aren't), you should slow the charging to a rate that doesn't damage the fully charged cells. When it hits a certain voltage, you stop charging or reduce to a low trickle charge. When the cells start to get old, the problems get worse. Also, the more variance in cell capacity, the more problems. Anyway, this is the dirty technical side, but you will find chargers out there that handle 12V NiMH packs (you might not know how well they do without reading a bunch of reviews though...) - anyway, if the goal is just something that works okay, you'll be fine with a lot of them. If you want a charger that gets the best battery longevity for a fleet of battery powered devices, more research is recommended.
Yeah, it's probably not the kind of program you should be running at all in a security conscious scenario.
You can grow meat without involving any pesky consciousness, but it's not really at the point of being scalable.
I can also say BC546 gets gain about 4-10 in reverse, though the statistical characteristics seem to vary between batches.
Transistor shouldn't be too critical, just make sure it's the right PNP/NPN type for the circuit. Toroid I'm not too sure about but as a guess, I'd yank one off of an old computer motherboard or maybe out of an old power supply. There's a lot of messing around to determine their characteristics - it would be easier just to experiment! In particular though, avoid those RF reducing ferrite beads on cables - they are designed to be as lossy as possible.
I think they mean the output will be AC (actually one would probably consider it as having both an AC and DC component).
Yup, you got it!
Sure, rectify it to DC with some schottky diodes first (but you probably lose .4V). Otherwise if it's already AC, just boost it with a transformer and then rectify it and you don't need a joule thief circuit at all.
No need to replace those caps at this point. My first troubleshooting step would be checking if the 5V standby voltage is present, and if it is, does the mainboard try turning on the power supply at any point (there is likely a 5V/3.3V signal pulled to ground by the mainboard to activate it)... may need to monitor it while applying power and pressing the power switch.
It's not a dead link, you just can't have reddit in the referrer. Try visiting and hit enter in the address bar, sometimes refreshing again helps.
Look carefully at the power supply board and see if you can identify a "5V STB" or something that implies standby, in a connector label silkscreen. If you can find that, then it describes the location of the standby power wire where it leaves the board. If you can't find a label, check every wire that goes to the main board from the power supply. To be clear, measure in DC volt mode with the meter's black wire on ground, and the red wire on whatever point you're testing. If you can measure it with the multimeter, it's within 5% of 5V, then that part's okay. Next, locate the wire that is used to switch the power supply on (sometimes labelled PS_ON). If you disconnect the mainboard, this wire should read as 3.3V or 5V on the power supply side (so yes, there should be two wires with voltage without the mainboard connected). If you connect the mainboard, and the mainboard is trying to turn on the power supply, it should go to 0V (or close). If you can locate the PS_ON wire, and it is never being triggered, I would suspect the mainboard. If it is being triggered and the rest of the power supply isn't turning on (no 12V or whatever else rails power up), then the power supply probably needs to be replaced. If the power supply is turning on, its voltage rails look correct (as best as you can determine based on the labelling), then the problem is indeterminate.
Could be... .7 is a little low reading for silicon diodes but it would explain the symmetry though.
What I would do is connect the clocks to the chips with 3 resistors (1K value, to the 3 groups of devices which have address A, B, and C in each group), and then use 3 GPIOs to ground out (or force high, maybe that is more desirable) the clock on the chip end, so that you can still use the normal I2C interface, and all that it costs you is 3 resistors, but now you can specifically interact with any of the devices by making the clock disappear to the other two chips that share its address. Note: This can interfere with clock stretching, so if you need to do that, you may need to bitbang the I2C and just use totally separate clock lines, or slow the I2C so clock stretching isn't needed.
As long as the chips don't latch their address at startup... if they actually compare with the pins each time it should work.
Why would green be higher than white/blue? [Edit: I stand corrected, there it is in all its glory in the datasheet... but 3.7V is only at 1 amp, which coincidentally also gives the ~3W figure)
I'm partial to the K22 series... 64MHz and so many peripherals... and I just find the PMD controls to be amusing... like a row of virtual switches that turn power on/off to all the peripherals! Kinda a nice thing to have if you need to run really low power. But, you don't get built in USB though, so the 4550 has that going for it.
If a digital caliper isn't available, measure from one end pin to the other and divide by the number of *SPACES* between the pins, not the number of pins.
Nah man, you have to be careful not to screw the ecosystem before its mature enough... if nobody can mine for crap because you've got all the hash rate, nobody will invest...
Try bisecting the functionality... for example, try doing a manual sector write (ideally not at the beginning sector, just to make sure it addresses properly) and see if that works. If it works, you know to look toward the higher level, if not, look at the lower level functions.
You could try tracing out the control flow path when writing (and closing) a file, and either breakpoint it in a debugger, or fire off LEDs at different spots, or dump some messages over RS-232, etc.
Hmm, is there source code to all the components involved, or is some of it a binary library?
I'm just having a hard time getting past where all the extra voltage is going... otherwise the bandgap is normally directly related to the emittted wavelength and voltage required.
After considering all these issues, I would look for a buck+boost converter that can output 5V from a range that includes 4-7V. Should only cost a few bucks... which is kinda like how radio shack sells resistors anyway...
Not if it runs on gas (i'm going to hell for this one)
Am I retarded or are the pictures not clickable? (They are higher resolution than displayed for me)
Wow that point-to-point resistor really grinds my gears.
Or put the switch after the starter but before any electricals that may have parasitic drain.
If you're having a hard time getting to zero, an option might be a bypass switch in parallel (to make it real close to zero), or a bypass switch that switches to or puts a lower value pot in parallel (lets you hit values closer to zero).
It's real fun to disassemble with that thing hanging on there... They should have used a connector that can be pulled off, not a component that would need resoldering.
The N-JFETs I'm thinking of operate "full current" at zero gate bias, and decrease current with negative gate bias... but the question is what's happening with a positive gate bias (which is capped at a volt or so due to the PN junction)?
Thanks! My thought was that it could give a significant boost, because some sources say the pinch-off is most responsive near zero gate voltage, but that doesn't necessarily say what happens on the other side of zero.
Update with testing results on a random PF5102 N-JFET: Vds= 8.2V Vgs=0.00V: 04.7mA (gate-source shorted) Vgs=0.10V: 06.4mA (+1.7mA, maybe some Vgs measurement error visible) Vgs=0.20V: 07.9mA (+1.5mA) Vgs=0.30V: 09.4mA (+1.5mA) Vgs=0.40V: 11.8mA (+1.4mA) Vgs=0.50V: 13.3mA (+1.5mA) Vgs=0.60V: 14.8mA (+1.5mA) Vgs=0.65V: 16.4mA (+1.6mA for .05V step!) Beyond 0.65V I start seeing enough gate conduction to make the 10K pot harder to turn up. This is measured with the current probe on the drain end, so that any gate conduction isn't included in the figure. Take Vgs= readings with a slight grain of salt, el cheapo harbor freight meter was used (but it seems in the ballpark). There does seem to be some interesting action happening as the gate begins to conduct!
[Testing results posted](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskElectronics/comments/3a80no/jfet_with_backwards_gate_bias/csa77ob)
I wonder if anyone has a collection of all these weird circuit tricks compiled somewhere... I'm sure it would be interesting reading!
At .5V you might have a hard time getting a BJT transistor to turn on... it would be right at the edge. For a transformer circuit, you could probably just use a basic 115VAC-&gt;9VAC transformer backwards (a real old school large AC transformer, not the stuff in the new switching converters that phones use), then rectify the output with a schottky bridge rectifier, and buffer with a capacitor. The circuit looks like any old AC-&gt;Transformer-&gt;Rectifier-&gt;DC power supply except you're using the transformer the other direction to boost voltage. The voltage conversion ratio will be about the same as it originally was for that transformer, just the other direction. Then afterwards use a linear regulator or diode drops or whatever to get the exact voltage you want if it's not close enough. Beware that the transformer will be boosting the current drawn from the .5VAC source, compared to what the output uses.
Neat... Some PIC18's have a capacitive touch sensor input peripheral that might help for a task like that. See http://ww1.microchip.com/downloads/en/DeviceDoc/41412F.pdf page 321
That sounds kinda retarded. The only rationale I could see for something like that is if you come up with your own component classes that maybe include multiple actual parts that could be suitable. Kind of a way to combine "tolerances" of sorts into the part descriptor. But even that just seems really error prone and dangerous. Ideally you want an engineer to verify that part substitutions are okay, but maybe for stuff like passives there could be ways around it.
That's just gravel
In the 90's? 512MB was insane! Now I have 512MB in my phone... and it's sad.
Actually looking at [the specs](http://www.digilentinc.com/Data/Products/ANALOG-DISCOVERY/Discovery_TRM_RevC_1.pdf) it doesn't look completely crappy. They say 100MS/s for 5MHz bandwidth, which is on the low end but far outclasses the stupid hacked up audio chips on the real cheap USB scopes. To me, the logic analyzer is what sells that device though. There are times I wish I had a good enough logic analyzer, and for what I want to do, that one might be good enough! Sometimes just a way to log some GPIO action for debugging purposes is a big time saver.
The ones I've seen go high enough to respond to a diode drop in resistance mode, so .8 sounds about right.
It's not so much that the BJTs are current driven - you can get gain in the high hundreds so by that point your base drive power losses are negligible. The real power loss is that BJT's always lose about .3V in the main conduction path. So every few amps, you burn a watt no matter what. MOSFETs just have a low resistive sort of loss in the best case, so for medium power they're king. Once you start to get to high power though, IGBTs and some more exotic stuff gets common, and by then you go back to a more or less fixed voltage loss, but by that point it is better performing than the resistive losses in MOSFETs.
If using a transformer on AC supply, you would use the Schottky's after boosting voltage so the .2-.4 volt drop (times 2) doesn't kill it then.
Also, is your raw voltage source AC or DC? That will pretty much determine how to work with it. If it is DC, there are some jfet based joule thief circuits that can start from a really low voltage.
What you describe is true for power supplies with PFC - they try to draw current continuously in proportion to the instantaneous voltage level. This makes the current approximate a sine wave that's in phase with the voltage, which acts like a light bulb would and is in some ways\* the most favorable for power transmission. \* Technically, drawing power only at the peak results in less line losses, but it also distorts the AC wave which causes different problems
Yeah, it just has to buffer "enough" power to last a cycle or two, as long as it has enough voltage in the input side (even if it is varying somewhat wildly), it has juice to pump to the output in a more fine grained fashion.
It works out that this can be done for a non varying load without any output capacitor, for a chosen current error allowable. In the example of a buck converter (this isn't what is normally in a big switching supply, but it's a little simpler explanation), you have an inductor feeding the output. By its nature, it likes to maintain a steady current, and needs to absorb or release energy to change its current. It's like a capacitor for current instead of voltage, in a way. So if one end of the inductor goes to the load and feeds the output current, the other end goes to a source that's either at 0V or at a higher-than-output voltage (the "switching" part of switching power supply refers to something switching these voltages). Well, when the source is at a higher voltage, the inductor current speeds up, and when it's at a lower voltage it slows down, but if you switch fast enough you can maintain it arbitrarily close to a desired level. Capacitors are used in the output of most supplies with varying loads because they react basically as fast as possible (but also make the power supply less quick to alter its output voltage - but good thing most don't have to!). Otherwise delay in the feedback that controls the power supply means sharp changes in load cause big voltage swings at the output, which may disrupt operation or cause damage. The capacitors at the output help stabilize that and only need to last on the timescale the power supply needs to readjust its current output.
No signs of loud pops visible to me, try looking at the back side of the board.
Waaait a minute. The jumper next to the blue thing vaporized. I almost missed it. Use a meter and check nearby diodes/mosfets/capacitors for shorts.
&gt; I'm guessing Well if we're gonna guess, I'd say a rhino could cause a lot of damage even without a horn.
That's debatable - it's also possible to look at it as the space through which the photon passes is affected by gravity, and the photons are just following the curvature that exists.
A modern computer will likely run from 400Hz (internally, they convert to DC before doing much else), and if it doesn't, it's unlikely to be damaged. Motorized devices probably won't work correctly unless they use a "universal" (brushed AC/DC type) motor. A cooler that runs from a thermoelectric peltier or something like that might be okay. One that runs from a motorized compressor, I wouldn't recommend trying it on 400Hz.
Slower frequencies probably wouldn't work well (not enough buffering time in the capacitors they used), but faster at least should be compatible in principle. That's not to say they couldn't use a PFC control chip that decides to freak out and shut down at 400Hz though, but electrically nothing should be damaged. One possibility for damage though, is if they used a capacitive current limiter to provide power to the front end controller of the power supply. Those would pass more current at higher frequency/voltage and might not be happy. At 115VAC I would assume it could go up to about 100Hz without issues but because of the variance between ~90VAC at 50Hz up to 240VAC at 60Hz (yeah these are unusual but they are typically designed for), that kind of design choice is already questionable and not all that likely to be used. My guess is if this is the case and it's not adequately heatsinked for 400Hz operation, it would run fine for a short period and then some type of regulator (maybe zener diode?) in the power supply would overheat. If you had an infrared camera and opened the power supply up, you might be able to spot it before it goes. I don't particularly expect this to happen though. Older power supplies with the 115/230 switch on back should be 100% compatible - there is no brains looking at the AC side, it all operates off ~350VDC or so.
I'm not sure how it's clear from the board picture that it's a dual gang pot?
Single gang with grounded frame?
Probably waiting for heating to start bending the joints.
Yeah I'm not 100% sure about passive PFC... do you know how they are usually implemented? Is it just a basic filter circuit?
Some people might laugh about motor -&gt; generator systems, but these aren't uncommon in some uses. They're dead simple... there's nothing that can go wrong really besides the predictable wear-out patterns of motors/generators. There's no control board that might decide to croak after a couple years if it has bad components or manufacturing.
I'm liking the consummate V's.
Yeah, this makes sense. I guess the topic is a little more complicated than I thought it would be.
Also, a 6V panel is cutting it close to being able to be able to charge a 6V battery effectively. A charger with boost capability might be nice to get around that.
Yup. Capacitor electrolyte is thin and liquidy when it leaks out. It won't stick to components in a... hmm, snotty way like in the picture.
Your answer implies that one could use a 7805 to generate a -5V rail but in practice it's not as straight forward. The 7905 -5V regulator wouldn't exist.
That doesn't work when you have current draw between top and middle. Middle node gets pulled up.
With your strategy, the middle driver needs to be able to pull both up and down. 7805 only drives the output up, not down. A beefy opamp could do it, but there's not many opamps as beefy as those regulators. As an ugly workaround, you can add fixed load on the bottom segment... as long as it's more than the load the top segment sees, it will work. Efficiency goes to crap though, but on low current circuits at least it's a way to go. If you can tolerate some crossover distortion of sorts, you could put a zener across the bottom segment which limits its voltage to something a little higher than it wants to regulate to. Maybe putting a big capacitor across it slows the voltage change to something the circuit won't care about (actually you want capacitance across both segments to keep the middle voltage where you want it at startup). 7905 only drives the output down, not up, so it works for a negative rail that only gets pulled by the load toward ground.
&gt; I think the reason that you can't simply stack these regulators is that the bottom regulator would end up sinking current, which it's probably not designed to do? Yep you got it.
They need to html5 that thing, I've been flash free for months...
Probably higher chip level integration means less RF design needed in the device side. If only a handful of companies do much RF design (and implementers end up just working off examples to get an antenna connected), there's not many RF positions out there. I don't know if this is true though, but I suspect this would be the argument.
Is something overheating? Is the 9V supply good when it messes up?
Average value of the promotion, given the current number of entries: Approx 1.5 cents.
What about while it's still connected?
With meter tips to metal, same as usual! Just find it on the board.
Which part were you worried about for ESP8266? Datasheet/internal docs, okay I get that. But if you're worried about supply chain, just overpurchase because they're so damn cheap. Do a redesign if you run out and can't get more...
