Breadsoda is really the only palatable place in Glover, and the owners are fantastic. Town Hall and Bourbon across the street are both uber-brotastic.
I'm not, at all, a fan of team sports, so I have only learned in the last year or so that the US even has an actual soccer league, let alone that DC has a team. Ironically, my newish job has me working with all of the local sporting teams very frequently, including the United.
As the capital of a world power, we get the pleasure of having every country in the world send us their very worst drivers. Many of them live in MD, mixing with MD's shallow gene pool of terrible drivers, giving us the shitshow we call DC traffic. Thankfully, my daily driver is an employer-owned 7,000' van, so I'm more than happy to play along.
My response to shitty drivers varies depending on my mood. If I'm in my typical, passive-aggressive mood, I will generally thank them profusely for being sooooooo awesome, blow kisses, or ride along beside them giving voluminous thumbs ups. If I'm in a pissy mood, I tend to get extremely aggressive, and will generally knock the shit out of the offending driver's wing mirror (Not breaking it, mind you...). Being a fairly big, bearded, and heavily tattooed guy helps, as I've only had a couple of drivers get out of their cars to confront me, and only once has the situation gone beyond some basic shoving and shit talk. At some point, I'll likely knock out a driver with my u-lock or get shot.
My wife is small, but is extremely adept at mirror slaps and hurling obscenities at drivers. It has backfired once on her, but, otherwise, drivers are usually too fat and lazy to get out of their cars, or, if they do get out, my wife happens to be a blazing fast rider who can disappear into the distance.
So, people are butthurt about a Subway in Mt P, but are excited about a Chipotle in Brookland. What gives? Both offer mass-produced, shitty fast food.
I absolutely refuse to interact with children, and I am not at all shy in asking breeders to get their spawn the fuck away from me. As I have reached 40, I have many friends with kids. I have made it clear that I will only interact with them when they are sans crotchfruit. Most of them have no issue, but for those that do, I cease any interaction with them.
I'll hand you ammo.
Absolutely. We're running it today.
Taffi Dollar sounds like the name of a third rate Bond Girl.
Jinx Proof has several very good artists (Tim has done a bunch of work on me), but I would avoid it on weekends, as they pretty much only do simple stuff for the walk-in (aka dolphin on the ankle) crowd.
It's also a dick move. If one is not comfortable riding with traffic, they should likely limit their riding to bike trails or quiet suburban streets.
1) It all depends as to what you want. You may be better served buying a used bike at a LBS. I have found some good deals on bikes for under $200, but I'm also a very competent home mechanic. An additional plus to buying from a LBS is that they can get the right size for you and adjust the bike to your liking. 2) Ride on bike trails and quiet streets as often as possible. I have been riding for 35+ years, and bike commuting for 20. Think of riding like any other acquired skill: The more you do it, the better you'll get. My wife went from not having ridden a bike for 15 years to daily commuting in DC traffic in roughly a year, but she rode at every possible opportunity. She can now throughly kick my ass through city traffic, thanks to riding in rush hour daily. 3) Take it to a good mechanic. For roughly $50-$100, plus parts, you can ensure that everything is correctly adjusted and the bike it fit to you. Many LBS' will also have beginner's maintenance classes that are immensely helpful. You will learn how to change a tire, make quick adjustments, and perform routine maintenance to keep your bike rolling right and to keep you from getting stranded. ETA: Get lights for your bike and always wear a helmet. Brain damage and tire tracks on your back suck...
Crystal City is incredibly dull and sterile, but it is full of business hotels that are fairly empty on the weekends (i.e., Cheap-ish), and it is only a couple of stops from DC.
Taxi or Uber should be fairly cheap at that time of night, as there will be zero traffic.
There are some great swimming holes on the Patapsco River off Marriottsville Rd in Ellicott City. It's roughly an hour drive. It can get pretty crowded, though.
It's in MD, so already in enemy territory, anyhow...
A turn signal is not a polite request, it is a statement of intent. When my turn signal goes on, that means that I'm changing lanes in roughly one millisecond, and I couldn't give a flying fuck if you're copacetic with letting me in or not, as I am most definitely coming over to your lane.
Looks like IAD will most definitely have Metro access by 2087, as planned.
I's still waiting. Mine is under $100, so I haven't bothered checking.
Best of luck getting your future DC neighbours to pay attention to the signs or getting them enforced at all.
CoHi? Gunshots. Definitely gunshots.
I'm a former resident of the area (Roughly 10 years ago...). I reserve to make fun of CoHi, now that it's a sanitized, boring area with a few residual urban pockets.
Exactly. If one feels that traffic is scary and aggressive (These people are called wusses or suburbanites), then the correct course of action is to dismount one's bike and walk it on the sidewalk. Save for freeways and parkways, there is not a single road in DC on which I have felt uncomfortable riding. There are definitely some that I avoid, due to better alternatives, but none that would qualify as scary. In the burbs, however...
NO, IT ISN'T!!! Happy? Bikes don't belong on sidewalks, unless the rider has dismounted and is walking the bike. I've been bike commuting forever, and will never, ever ride on the sidewalk. Sidewalks are for slow-moving, oblivious pedestrians. Bikes belong on the street with other wheeled conveyances.
I manage to ride through the city every day, without ever needing to ride on the sidewalk. Yes, there are douchenozzle drivers and pedestrians in the bikelanes from time to time, but I ride around them , occasionally giving a car my patented mirror slap. Is it legal to ride on the sidewalks outside of the CBD? Yes. Does it make one a dickhead for doing so? Absolutely. I rarely ride in the unprotected bikelanes in the first place, as they are in the door zone, and I really, really don't feel like getting doored for the 15th time in my life.
Getting doored over the years has taught me something: I no longer ride in the door zone and I take the lane when necessary.
A bike is a vehicle, plain and simple. Vehicles belong on the road. That point aside, the speed differential between bikes and pedestrians versus joggers and regular pedestrians in much, much smaller. Joggers are also able to maneuver much more quickly than a bike. How is it snobby to expect cyclists to ride in the street? I average roughly 18-20mph at a comfortable pace, which is incompatible with sidewalks, where pedestrians are moving 3mph, max. Even the slowest red bike riders will be swerving about at 8-10mph, which is more than 2x the speed of the speediest pedestrians. If someone is uncomfortable riding in the street, they should keep their riding to safe side streets or trails until they build up enough confidence and ability to ride in the street like everyone else.
Absolutely. I haven't found a hill in this city that I can't crank up at 10mph, even on a fixed gear and with 4 or 5 beers in me. On my road bike, I can go significantly faster.
Why don't we just turn the beltway into a gigantic bikes-only circumferential? I'd actually get behind that.
That sucks. I was thinking of adding another one to my stable, as I love the shit out of my Angus. Well, at least after I swapped each and every component, save for the headset.
We had hail for roughly 20 minutes over in Palisades. I don't think I've ever seen hail up here before. I thought it was more of a South or Plains thing.
Find their office. Poop on their front step. Call it even. Celebrate with beer.
More likely, they would both get super excited to meet a new person, start jumping and wagging, and then lick like crazy. They would then fart.
So your pit is also the most cutest dog that has ever lived, too?
DC is also the ideal destination for groups of fat people wearing identical neon shirts.
I use a 2003 Chevy Astro AWD with 140k miles for work, and I absolutely beat the piss out of it, hauling 1,000 lbs of tools around construction sites. It keeps the miles off of my S4 and my TR6.
If you've spent your life living in rich, white suburbs, then Arlington might be your best entree into urban living. It's dull as hell compared to DC, but it's somewhat urban and has good Metro access.
I've totally done that to a winter beater to pass inspection.
As far as frozen breadsticks go, sorta.
The infamous pitbull flop. I see this when walks aren't long enough or if it's pretty obvious I'm going on a business trip.
Harmony has solid Chinese food, albeit in a basement decorated like the former Indian restaurant it was. Huge vegan selection, as well.
I'm on the wrong side of 40 and I wouldn't touch Rockville with a shitty stick. I can't say much about it, other than all I know is Rockville is somewhere in the endless stretch of beige suburban sprawl between DC and PA.
Are you stuck somewhere more Kafka-esque like MD or PA? Otherwise, why???
Incorrect. All MD drivers are terrible, but other states have bad drivers, as well.
The majority of braking on a bicycle, much like on a car, is done by the front brake. Thanks to the ability to either skip brake or put reverse pressure on the pedals, a fixed gear does not really require a rear brake.
It's fairly safe to assume that all canvassers or anyone else asking you for money is a con artist, particularly in DC.
Not by the beer list, but likely by the massive crowd and the lack of seating. That aside, any of the Pizzeria Paradisos have a well-curated beer list. Meridian Pint/Brookland Pint isn't bad for selection, either.
Welcome to the club. Being snipped rules!
Just like when I was 20, except that the drinking age for 3.2 beer was 19. Enjoy DC!
Living here sober would not be overly pleasant...
I know Lost Rhino and Old Ox. What are the other two?
You've never been so mad that you just had to run out to your car and make a video of yourself pissing and moaning? Me neither.
Cigs, alcohol, and coffee are all delicious and relaxing. Thus, they go together perfectly. There is absolutely nothing better than stepping outside early in the morning and having a cup of coffee and a smoke. I've been having trouble getting out of bed since I quit smoking, as there is nothing to look forward to.
I certainly hope so, but I'm only 109 days in, so it's hard to say. If I thought I could have only 1 cigarette a day, I would, without question, go back to my 5:30am coffee and cigarette.
When we used to live on a dirt road, the rims on my wife's A4 would get full of mud or snow constantly, causing them to be waaaaaay out of balance. I never really noticed on my Tacoma.
Bushings are for pussies.
That won't give me the excuse for buying more and more tools.
Uniting the pennis and vaggina?
There is a brewed on date on the can. Anyhow, despite the ratings, Topper is quite good, but not $20 a can good.
I have heard of exactly one photo ticket being successfully challenged, and it was done by an experienced attorney. The secret to not getting tickets: Don't speed. Keep your speed to 9mph or less over the limit. When in doubt, assume the limit is 20mph.
&gt; I get these tickets all the time User name checks out.
11ish. I use 9mph as my benchmark, as, let's face it, we're in DC, and everything is half-assed in our government.
I'm saying that the only person I know of who has beaten a photo ticket was a seasoned attorney. She isn't local, nor is she a traffic attorney, but I would highly recommend her if you're indigent and facing a capital case in SC.
Meh... I grew up in the central plains. I've seen bigger temperature drops in a few hours.
There's a fairly good chance that there isn't a single solid piece of metal on the unibody to even mount a replacement tank.
I disliked other children when I was one myself. The dislike has slowly grown to absolute abhorrence over the years. Anyhow, I'm snipped.
For instance, you don't bite when people examine your teeth and your coat is smooth and shiny?
I thought it was Yokel Haram?
I have a St Brendan's Cross tattooed on me, if that counts. I happen to like the iconography.
If you are with your dog at a dogpark and a breeder shows up, leave immediately. They will have the worst behaved dog on the planet, and they will ignore it when it wreaks havoc.
If you think an abortion sounds painful, consider 9 months of a parasite living inside you, childbirth, and then 18 years of hell while your parasite hopefully grows into a reasonably non-shitty adult.
Everyone drives like an asshole here. Extend your middle finger out of your window and carry on with your day.
That's another warning sign. Anyone with an anklebiter wearing expensive accessories is to be avoided, as they will be yapping into their iPhone about pilates and brunch while their little shitstain of a dog picks fights with every other dog. I live in a fairly wealthy neighbourhood full of shitty breeders and terrible dogs. I have ceased bring my dog to the park during daylight hours.
In Idris v City of Chicago, the 7th Circuit stated that, *“no one has a fundamental right to run a red light or avoid being seen by a camera on a public street.”*.
In our neighbors' defense, leaf blowers are, by far, the most pressing issue in the Palisades, right after MD drivers speeding on MacArthur. As I prefer to be proactive, I actually use a rake, as I can then shake it menacingly at the speeding drivers.
I have seen some dirtbike kids coming across the Key Bridge, but that's as close as they've come to our peaceful little enclave. I have had my neighbors call the cops on me for changing a tire in the alley, as they thought I may have been a dangerous criminal (I have tattoos and a beard, so I fit the stereotype). I also once had to yell at a couple of kids for throwing a ball in the alley and hitting cars. Fortunately, they apologized before I had to use deadly force to protect my 14 year old truck. The Palisades is tough, yo...
I love to goose my pibble when she does that. She usually lets out a shrill bark and then runs in circles trying to nibble me.
You know, I really am getting tired of spending $2 to make a huge batch of delicious hummus. It takes almost 10 minutes, too. I wonder if I can get a $30 cocktail to wash it down, as well?
You mean a real, mid-sized SUV with a bombproof, albeit it underpowered V6?
I always remove the skin from my chickpeas. It takes very little time, so long as one starts with dried chickpeas. Soaking dried chickpeas in baking soda overnight, prior to cooking them, basically eats away the pectin in the skins, and they just wash away with a quick rinse.
I rarely get excited by much anymore, other than sex or beer. Human reproduction is definitely not something about which to get excited, and it's also disgusting.
If by anxiety you mean blind rage, then yes.
British cars rarely run long enough to require an oil change.
It may or may not. I am 100+ days in, and the cravings are exactly the same as on day 1.
What a vapid twat. *Sure, I could give a shit about major issues that affect everyone, but I don't fucking want to, so suck it.*
That thing is uglier than a barrel full of assholes.
Unless you're a vet, have previous gubment experience, or have some exceedingly marketable skill, you may as well print your resume, use it to wipe your ass, and then toss it in the Potomac, as it would be more efficacious than using USAJobs.
To quote the American Cancer Society: &gt;Only about 4% to 7% of people are able to quit smoking on any given attempt without medicines or other help. &gt;Studies in medical journals have reported that about 25% of smokers who use medicines can stay smoke-free for over 6 months. I'm sorry that the harsh reality of life seems to scare you, but you're going to need to suck it up if you ever hope to succeed at anything. Support is providing realistic potential outcomes, not unicorns farting rainbows.
How much did you tithe?
I can't remember ever believing in the supernatural. My family was atheist for several generations back on my dad's side and at least 2 on my mother's.
Overcompensate much? Knock yourself out, champ... http://www.cancer.org/healthy/stayawayfromtobacco/guidetoquittingsmoking/guide-to-quitting-smoking-success-rates
There are no other sites, and your chances are effectively zero, unless you have serious experience, a preferential status, or an amazing, highly sought-after skillset. Keep applying, by all means, but keep your expectation level at roughly zero.
I disrespectfully disagree with your purported respectful disagreement with my atheism.
Isn't this the same airport where they've been using a temporary terminal for 30 years? The Silver will never make it out there.
They stand for everything I abhor. Do they all look like the Children of the Corn?
Dan's Cafe /thread
If you can remember enough to write a Yelp review, you didn't do Dan's correctly. Hell, if you can locate your pants the next morning, you didn't do Dan's correctly.
The streetcar tracks have been theoretically open for business for over a year, but that hasn't stopped that program from being all but scrapped. There will be so many massive fuck-ups on the Silver extension that it will either be delayed by many, many years or be abandoned.
What delightful substance are you smoking that gives you one iota of faith that a project involving WMATA won't turn into the world's biggest dumpster fire? The project is already substantially delayed.
Incorrect. We are Neanderthals.
Read /u/SourGrapes2015's post history. This is a throwaway troll account.
MWAA is possibly even more incompetent than WMATA. When the two combine their powers, the possibility of financial black holes are endless.
Dan's doesn't have a dry sauna.
I am in my 40s and this is my life. Poor breeders...
Be careful with anal, as anal pregnancies lead to attorneys.
Holy water is often contaminated with fecal bacteria. Just sayin...
At least yours has the common decency to be on top of the covers. Mine is usually burrowed in deeply, and it is nigh impossible to get the covers away from her.
What if they're opening for Slayer?
I guess it's a good thing that I saw them in the 1980s. So long as Araya and King are in the band, I'll still go.
My pibble can sleep through a furniture delivery, yet can hear a can of wet food being opened from across the county.
I thought y'all were still apologising for Celine Dion?
How does one know if the switch is on or off? Do they install a blinking, red LED onto the scrotum?
I generally punch the shit out of their wing mirror, but my tolerance for confrontation is, well, I actually enjoy confrontation, so...
Weddings suck. Weddings with children are unbearable.
You don't have a shop bitch/gofer? Just make him wear a tux.
I know this was tongue in cheek, but as I am entirely too familiar with the innards of FedEx Field, that structure couldn't support an additional flagpole, let alone a roof. The place was built so quickly and so many corners were cut, it feels like a much, much older building. Also, Landover sucks.
These options packages are getting fucking ridiculous. What if I just want a bacon dispenser, but don't want a moonroof?
Fair warning: Juicing infants totally voids the warranty on your juicer, although the Vitamix seems to puree them well.
100% true. That's why I always question why children are always saved first in a disaster, even though their worth is very low, and new ones can be made fairly quickly.
Soylent Veal
I can dislike whomever I choose for whichever reasons I choose. Generally, I aim my dislike at those who are antipathetic to logic and reason.
Having a childhood mortality rate near zero has made children less fungible. Many cultures didn't even bother naming children until they made it to a year.
Beats me, as I'm utterly disgusted by sprogs. I'm obsessed with trying new beers and building bikes and racecars.
Correct. 2009 A4.
My pibble is so earnestly friendly, that it's nigh impossible to be afraid of her.
All it takes to be a millionaire is a beard and some mediocre chocolate made by a cave full of hipster minions.
I keep forgetting that the only bar to enter adulthood is spawning. Well, shit, I guess I'm a 41 year old teenager. I guess I'll go get drunk and crank up some music.
Definitely a 2009 A4. I just finished doing the 75k service on it, and it also happens to belong to my wife.
My wife and I ran over to Whole Foods the other day and found that roughly 97% or everyone there had a small, loud child. In their infinite wisdom, Whole Foods has decided to provide tiny shopping carts so that the aforementioned children can ram them into the legs of other shoppers. Generally, this would just seriously annoy me, but, as I have a broken leg in an airboot, getting rammed in the leg resulted in me unleashing a 90 second stream of expletives at the fuck-trophy and its father. My wife found this unbelievably hilarious.
I once found 10 years worth of Hustlers in chronological order behind the seat of a Verizon C4500.
If that's all you have to fap to, then it'll have to do.
Amazingly, it's been pretty reliable. She bought it used with 10k miles on it, and I've done all of the service at my shop. The only unscheduled maintenance was replacing a cracked plastic water inlet pipe on the water pump housing and a tiny leak in the valve cover gasket. Parts for both were fairly inexpensive.
What if I don't want to?
Maybe in the garage. The smell makes me nauseous. Either way, please bring more beer, as I'm running low.
Nope, just neatly and tightly stacked. I have no idea as to whom the driver was, as we worked opposite shifts, but I'm guessing he was exceedingly creepy.
Sorry, dad, too drunk for yard work. Fetch me a beer, will ya?
I have the exact same problem. I really don't have a great reason not to smoke right now, but I've gone without for almost 4 months, so I'm half-interested in seeing how far I can go this time. Unfortunately, my cravings are getting stronger the longer I go.
Absolutely. Anyone who isn't taught that masturbation is important and fucking amazing from a young age is missing out on one of life's simple pleasures, as well as handicapping later sexual experiences due to not knowing oneself.
Good reason to smoke? Well, they are delicious and it's a good way to kill 10 minutes relaxing.
I'd set that motherfucker off 50 times a day. That would be more annoying than the seatbelt chime that I accidentally disconnected.
Dammit... How much are they? My SnapOn guy already owns my soul, anyhow, so I may as well get one.
Wife's job. Unfortunately, places with ample employment opportunities are rarely amazing places to live. DC is tolerable though, particularly after having lived in Boston and NYC.
I'm not a museum fan. Never have been. Insofar as the monuments, I think they're garish and smack of nationalism.
How much coolant did it puke on your shop floor (Assuming it had any coolant to puke...)?
Nationalism is nothing but primitive tribalism writ large. As one has no control as to where they were born, their race, their ethnicity, etc, there is absolutely zero rational reason to be proud of any of them.
Polk, Harding, Buchanan, and Jackson were all CF. Buchanan was the only president never to marry, and was suspected to be gay. Technically, Washington never had kids of his own, but he did have 2 stepchildren from his marriage to Martha Custis.
Don't I wish. I'm a month ahead of you, but have the same cravings as day one.
The first smoke of the morning, on the back porch with a cup of coffee, is pretty much the best thing in life. While I still have cravings at other times, they are nowhere near as strong as the overpowering one I have in the morning.
Only compared to Adelaide.
It's probably a placebo, but a goddamned good one. I never really smoked out of stress, I mainly smoked to kill time, to get going in the morning, or to enjoy the end of my day.
This is roughly the 10th time I've made it this far without smoking. Even after 3 years, the cravings were exactly the same; Never overpowering or impossible to resist, but always annoyingly present.
I thoroughly enjoyed smoking and miss it terribly, but, alas, I can't anymore. If I make it to 60, I'll probably start again, assuming cigs are still around in 20 years.
I'm perfectly happy with my life, but I'm not a huge fan of groupthink. I'll state my opinion, and if other folks disagree, they disagree.
Not sure yet. It's probably not in the US, but I could be wrong. Insofar as US cities that I particularly like: Richmond, Durham, Birmingham, Memphis, Nashville, St Louis, Minneapolis, Milwaukee, and Omaha.
Is not being a chipper Millennial/DC cheerleader now considered a mental illness? I freely express my opinion, regardless as to whether or not it is popular. If you find it objectionable, feel free to downvote the shit out of me, as the field where I grow my fucks is quite barren.
Actually, no. I am ambivalent about DC, but like the above cities. Other people think that far-flung suburbs like Falls Church are cool. There is actually a range of opinions as to pleasant places to live, believe it or not.
Thorogood steel toes. I have summer and winter versions. US and union made, and also last forever.
If I had even considered throwing a tantrum as a kid, my mother would have back-handed me back to reality within a millisecond. If you're going to be a selfish asshole and have a kid, at least discipline the fuck out of it so it's always quiet and respectful.
Marry whomever you choose. Fuck if I care.
Sure he does. That's how pibbles sit.
Also, don't underestimate the reach of the tahini cartel. Those motherfuckers are ruthless.
Never. Wife 2.0 hates kids more than I do and she's a neat freak. Wife 1.0 was a different story, and I was forced to uninstall her and upgrade to wife 2.0.
Once I get my hands on some, I will totally wear those motherfuckers everywhere.
Someone could totally make an unbelievable meme about that.
If you need someone to repeatedly kick him in the nuts while lecturing him on proper human decorum, that can be arranged.
Just be careful not to deposit any semen into the vagina, right?
5th base
May as well cut to the chase and go full Bernie Goetz.
Probably best to Old Yeller it.
Maybe your senator or US rep can help. Crap, nevermind...
Those signs make delightful crunches under the tires of my truck.
When you seriously fuck up your car, I present you with an estimate that pisses you off, and you storm out of my shop, thus wasting my time. I'd prefer to perform routine maintenance and to fix malfunctions not caused by driver idiocy.
You sound like you may be able to figure out which end of a wrench to use. The vast majority of people can't tell the difference between a wrench and a hammer, and, thus, should not be allowed to touch anything.
I have found that answering the door nude and aiming a shotgun at them is highly effective.
I wish it was open season. I just got a great deal on ammo.
That's fucking perfect.
We always refer to that end as the business end of the dog, as the front side is harmless.
Absolutely. I got roughly half a page into Carr's book before I found it to sound like touchy-feely self-help bullshit.
I have lived several places where toplessness in public is not uncommon. I still find breasts arousing.
Add the Lexus RX300/350 to that list. If one of those pulls into the lot, we lock the doors and run for cover.
What's so terrifying about hydraulic suspension? I've never had an issue working on it.
When I come across something unfamiliar, I do my research and then get on with the repair. Were I terrified of every new or odd technology that came my way, I'd end up working only on pre-1970s vehicles. Anyhow, considering how many other systems on vehicles are hydraulic, it's not exactly rocketsurgery.
There's a good chance that the driver may already be dead.
West End Cinema is open again.
While some vehicles are built around the heater core, the Previa is the only vehicle in which the entire van must be disassembled to change out the stereo. As Previa people travel in packs, once they learn that you know how to work on them, they descend upon you in great swarms of quirkiness.
Technically, MD is on this side of the river, too, so DC's cool factor is overwhelmed by MD sucktitude.
Portland also rules, and Sugarloaf has the best skiing in the eastern US.
It's fast in a straight line, just like a muscle car or a hopped-up truck, but they corner for shit when compared to even a remotely sporty car, thanks to a higher center of gravity and a stupid heavy curb weight. My 40 year old TR6 will outhandle the fuck out of any SUV.
I can speak in tongues after only 10 shots of cheap whiskey.
Humans do tend to be rather murdery.
The fact that you are able to write so cogently about this unspeakable tragedy shows that you are an incredibly strong and resilient person. The human mind can concoct some amazingly terrifying dreams. If this had happened to me, I would be somewhere in a dark room drinking myself into a stupor.
His wire management skills are also A+.
I would hope that I would be strong enough to do the same, but, while I have lost some close friends and family members, it doesn't even approach the same universe as the grief you must be facing. That being said, there is no right or wrong way to handle grief. Whatever you are doing that works for you is the best path.
I quite enjoy it, thanks. I am searching for a grant to fund further investigation, but, anecdotally, my Spanish improves immensely when wasted, and my Bahasa Indonesia is somewhat intelligible, as well.
That's because the vast majority cities with large transit systems have fairly stringent gun control. I can guarantee that anyone who doesn't have exhaustive training in the use of firearms in high stress situations is going to either freeze up and not be able to fire or is going to fire wildly, this vastly increasing the chances of collateral damage. Hell, even with vast amounts of training, the effectiveness of someone with a firearm goes down significantly under heavy stress (e.g., When being assaulted).
Are you planning on undergoing intensive combat training as well? Otherwise, you may want to update your will, as you're going to get robbed and stabbed.
This is swinging the pendulum too far in the other direction. Why not just be extremely aware of your surroundings and use standard street smarts?
It depends as to what type of clientele tends to drive these in Japan. In the US, RX drivers are cranky and likely elderly/fossilized.
We may be describing two different scenarios. I was describing the typical strongarm robbery scenario, whereas it sounds like you're discussing the "beat the shit out of the random person" scenario. In that case, fighting back might help, although, as Mike Tyson once pointed out, everyone has a plan until they get punched in the face.
