Yes, I've had an extremely rough time playing WoW, primarily between TBC and now. My problem isn't even pug groups because eventually you hit a point even as a new tank where your competency will outshine any flaws. WoW's normal and heroic dungeons only require a minimal amount of gear and competency in playing your class and role, nothing more. My problem is actually my experience with guilds and players on the realms I used to play on (i.e. Turalyon-EU, Emerald Dream-EU and Bladefist-EU.) And I don't agree with the notion that it's common courtesy to study boss tactics, because there are lots of players who can't be bothered to do it, and because a lot of bosses have very straightforward, blindingly obvious tactics. In Final Fantasy XIV, the groups are overwhelmingly friendly and will happily explain boss tactics. The big incentive is [Player Commendations and the title and vanity item rewards they provide.](http://ffxiv.consolegameswiki.com/wiki/Player_Commendation) I'd even consider FFXIV to be more difficult than WoW in terms of its raid content. In Wildstar, the groups are somewhere between friendly and douchebags. Some will happily explain boss tactics, others will flame at you for not knowing boss tactics. That's generally because Wildstar is more of a hardcore game with a smaller community than most other MMOs, and because attacks are very clearly telegraphed unlike other MMOs. When Wildstar goes F2P later this year, I imagine this'll be a different story entirely. In RIFT... well RIFT is toxic-as-fuck, but I think that's because it's a free to play game modelled to be exactly like WoW. There's also the fact that there were several dungeons in Storm Legion (such as Golem Foundry and Storm Breaker Protocol) which were either overtuned to the point where you needed a SL Tier 1 geared tank and healer to survive or were badly designed and required you to skip half the mobs in the instance through unexplained terrain exploits to survive.
/u/psione
Is it because you're not a fan of Nicolas Cage?
They have since downgraded their only 40-man raid into a 20-man raid. Also, a very, very, very, *very* small minority of the community got to experience Datascape since you have to progress through Genetic Archives first.
I agree. That statement is fucking disgusting.
Remember when Sylvanas was able to raise the dead under her control using the Val'kyr?
Here's a good question, why do Danny and Egoraptor act like such massive tryhards on camera?
So what else is new?
If you don't mind me asking, how can the last four digits of a credit card be deciphered?
I wonder what would happen if the Bronze leaguer beat Naniwa. Would he have instantly gone to Diamond?
I'm skeptical about this entire article. Why? 1. Sepp Blatter would be absolutely stupid to even stay within Switzerland, let alone attempt to salvage what little power he has left in FIFA. I'm sure he's already in a country that won't extradite him to the United States on corruption charges should the FBI decide to pursue him. And believe me, there's quite a few of them, some of which I'm sure will happily welcome him. 2. Despite the negative publicity FIFA's sponsors are getting over human rights violations in Qatar, I'm sure it won't hamper their sales. Remember the Nestlé boycott and how effective that was? People aren't suddenly going to demand to switch over to Mastercard or American Express as a protest towards Visa, nor are they going to boycott any of the other sponsors either. Everyone will still watch the World Cup and buy the hefty amounts of merchandise FIFA makes a mint off of. 3. For FIFA to drop Qatar as a host nation would be *very* costly. Given the unfulfilled contracts and the amount of money Qatar has already invested in building infrastructure for the World Cup, a colossal lawsuit would await FIFA should Qatar be stripped of the World Cup. What I think will happen is that Sepp Blatter will evade any attempts to arrest him and Qatar will be allowed to keep the World Cup by whoever is elected after him, on the condition that workers' rights are significantly improved. Meanwhile FIFA goes through a massive 'reform' and in five years time is just as corrupt as ever.
&gt; Dedga.me I chuckled when it led me to the StarCraft II page.
Would be funny if loads of MPs resign and we see a Labour or UKIP power shift.
&gt; 9/10 "It's okay" Fixed
Yeah, the presenter of Game Theory is suffering from an overwhelming case of smug, to the point where watching episodes fill me with rage.
To access Hidden Palace Zone, you [fall down what was previously a spike-filled pit near the end of Mystic Cave Zone Act II. The spikes have been removed and falling down will transport you to Hidden Palace Zone.](/spoiler)
It's like Pokémon, with STDs.
So by 'state-sanctioned', does that mean they have to produce propaganda songs?
It's a shame, really, because the Sonic x Zelda DLC made Sonic: Lost World the worst Zelda game since Wand of Gamelon. Whereas Sonic in Hyrule Warriors will produce the best Sonic game since Sonic 3 &amp; Knuckles.
Very few international companies have wished to become a title sponsor of GSL after the game declined in 2012. Hell, we even had Hot6ix, an energy drink company *exclusive to South Korea* act as a title sponsor for GSL for quite a few seasons. While it might have made a few ~~weeaboos (is there a Korean-obsessed equivalent of this word?)~~ koreaboos want to try Hot6ix, it hasn't really impacted their sales outside of Korea, because 1) Hot6ix isn't sold outside of Korea and 2) The SC2 scene represents a very, very small minority of potential non-KR consumers.
Did I say anything critical of women's rights?
"Mmm yeah Asmongold, shall I fondle your balls as well?"
&gt; don't be a cunt? ok, don't teach and learn to google without being an illegal employee from a first world country in a developing nation. Maybe you should learn to read the fucking subreddit rules.
Blizzard should have hired Greg Fields as their designer, not Dustin Browder or David Kim.
When Violentacrez had his real-life identity outed by Adrian Chen (which then resulted in him being harassed, nationally shamed on multiple news networks, and losing his job) a significant number of major subreddits initiated a boycott of all Gawker Media domains as a protest. I even recall a very brief admin-wide decision to block Gawker Media domains, which was short lived because [the press decided to spin the whole story to make the Reddit community look worse and portray them as 'protecting child porngraphy'.](http://www.thewire.com/technology/2012/10/redditors-stand-gawker-protect-child-pornography/57850/)
&gt; We absolutely do. I think many people severely underestimate how much content we read. We always appreciate when people put in the time and effort to write out detailed thoughts or opinions. &gt; While this is a new blog, we've seen many of these points brought up before and have discussed them with development. We know these requests are important to the community and we're always looking to make sure that hot topics such as these are given the appropriate amount of attention internally. &gt; With development ongoing for ~~Legacy of the Void~~ Funorb, there are still a lot of discussions taking place. As such, we may not be able to jump into topics with definitive answers on feature requests, but we still want to let you know that the request is heard and will be discussed.
In my opinion, they should rework Snipe into an ability very similar to Nova's Heroic ability in Heroes.
Neverwinter is an ORPG and lacks massively multiplayer elements except in the capital cities. Almost all of the game is instanced much like Guild Wars. Marvel Heroes is an ARPG. I mean we don't class Diablo III as an MMO do we?
And face a bigger backlash than December 10th 2007? Not the greatest of ideas...
^[citation_needed]
Private Kim Yong-Ho rushed into General Lee Song-Ra's office in a hurry. "Sir, I'm back from my reconnaissance assignment. You *have* to see this" he exclaimed. "This had better be important!" the general shouted, offended that his subordinate had broken military protocol and stormed straight into his private quarters. "Believe me, I've stumbled upon the discovery of the century." He placed the laptop - a top-of-the-range custom-built Samsung notebook issued by the South Korean armed forces - on top of the general's desk and folded the device out. He booted up a 3D map, running on bespoke military software. Surveying the map briefly, General Lee seemed unimpressed. "This is what you barged into my office for? A simulation of North Korea?" "Yes, this is North Korea, or at least what we see of it", replied Private Kim, panning the camera downwards until it ended up clipping through the terrain of South Pyongan, situated north of Pyongyang. "But look below the surface and you will find something mind-boggling!" General Lee gasped. "A massive bunker network? Inside North Korea?" "That's what they want you to think" explained Private Kim, as he moved the camera deeper into the underground network. "This isn't a bunker at all. This is an underground metropolis, and a very well-decorated one at that." "You see those floors?" he asked, pointing towards the floors of the long, twisting corridors of the Korean Metropolis. "Those are paved with marble." "And if you went towards the centre of this huge metropolis" Private Kim elaborated, panning the camera several dozen miles north-east into South Hamgyong, "then you will find their source of power. Geothermal energy. The cause of all these earthquakes. That means it's not nuclear tests they were runni..." The general stopped his subordinate and picked up the laptop. "That will do. What you found today, Mr Yong-Ho, will change our understanding of our neighbours for decades to come. Good work" The general then paused as he was about to step out of the office. "Can you do me a single favour though?" "Yes, sir!" General Lee pulled out a revolver, and in a single motion of his right arm, shot Private Kim in the forehead. The bullet wound killed the Private instantly, and dropped his lifeless corpse to the floor. "Don't speak about this to anyone!"
[I CAN'T WAIT TO BOMB SOME DODONGOS](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sj8_7OFK0oc)
My prediction is this. Automated technology is either in development or already in existence, albeit in an expensive capacity. I predict these technologies will become cheap to implement and widely available to businesses and consumers within the next ten to twenty years - depending on regulations. As a result, certain industries (such as manufacturing and transportation) will downsize considerably, replacing the vast majority of their employees with machines. Three such technologies that I think will symbolise the Automatic Age are the 3D printer, the self-driving car, and self-learning robots and I honestly believe these three alone will outperform humans to the point where jobs will disappear in droves. Due to the knock-on effect this will have, I foresee a worldwide job crisis with many careers disappearing and governments having to pick up the pieces with welfare budgets that have already been cut and stretched to their absolute limits thanks to the current trend towards austerity. With hundreds of millions losing their jobs and our 'will-work-for-food' mentality, this can only lead to one thing. Revolts. When revolts come into play - and the possibility of a global chemical, biological or even nuclear class war breaking out, depending on the corporate and political response towards said revolts - the results are going to be disastrous. Is there anyone that has done any thorough research into the possible effects that automation will have on the global economy? If not, is there room for that, because I might want to look into this field.
I think it's very plausible, considering the fact that Earthbound Beginnings just came out of the fucking blue.
Well we got a Mother announcement from Nintendo earlier. Anything's possible.
To make such a big teaser and hyping up several announcements, while playing a remix of Frog's Theme from Chrono Trigger must mean something... My guess is at least one of the three announcements: * A next-gen remake of Chrono Trigger for PS4 and Xbox One with a graphical style very similar to Dragon Quest VIII. * A Chrono Trigger anime produced by Akira Toriyama and Toei Animation * A next-gen remake of a Final Fantasy game. Most likely VII or IX.
As hugely significant as a Final Fantasy VII HD remake is and as much as Sony and Square-Enix have already won E3 with this one announcement, this is probably not everything Square Enix have planned. Yesterday, they made a load of big teasers in a [E3 2015 hype trailer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QrSH2wKh6ys) whilst playing a remix of Frog's Theme from Chrono Trigger. I'm predicting a Chrono Trigger related announcement (either the long-rumoured Chrono Break, or remakes of either Chrono Trigger or Chrono Cross) that, if Square-Enix deliver upon, will make the show floor implode with such brute force that it opens a black hole, swallowing up the Anaheim Convention Centre. I'm also predicting a PS4/XB1 announcement and release of Kingdom Hearts 1.5 and 2.5 HD ReMIX and a release date for Kingdom Hearts III.
&gt; Developer: Robomodo [It's gonna be shit.](/spoiler) No seriously, have Robomodo ever made a *good* game? If Activision had any sense, they'd put Neversoft on this shit.
I've seen Avilo play bio before on stream. He doesn't even micro his units.
I'd argue that FFIX and FFX beat that goal. You could even count the original Kingdom Hearts in that list.
I would. I love Halo but going from Microsoft to Sony in this generation has hampered my ability to enjoy the games from Reach onwards.
You know, controllers cost less than most mechanical keyboards these days. You could buy an Xbox 360 or Xbox One controller for your PC for less than a Steelseries 7G or Razer Blackwidow.
It was due to a trademark infringement, which was resolved by the time Dinosaur Planet was released, which is why Lylat Wars was rereleased as Star Fox 64 3D
Microsoft could have just gone the Riot Games route and sank a metric fucktonne of cash into their own esports league.
Amiibo is the worst idea ever and it saddens me that they represent Nintendo's future plans and are selling so well. It's a testament to how Nintendo take ideas from companies advertising kids toys. I mean the Wii U looks like something designed by VTech and the Amiibo are clearly a knockoff of Skylanders and Disney Infinity toys.
The graphics don't seem to reflect that...
The Bard would be the greatest thing to ever happen to WoW, actually. A new, unique, playable class that doesn't operate on the same, homogenized, boring abilities but rather plays like an in-WoW version of Guitar Hero? Yes please. And by boring abilities, think about the fact that almost every single class has the following: 1. Standard, dull, 100% damage cookie cutter ability that you spam when you have nothing else to press. Usually gives secondary resources. (i.e. Crusader Strike, Incincerate, Shadowbolt, Frostbolt, Fireball, Judgement, Steady Shot, etc.) Sometimes comes in multi-target variant (i.e. Hammer of the Righteous). 2. Hard-hitting, boring-as-fuck, 250 - 300% damage ability that consumes secondary resources (i.e. Soul Fire, Templar's Verdict, Shield of the Righteous) 3. Monotonous damage-over-time debuff (i.e. Curse of Agony, Shadow Word: Pain, Black Arrow, Rend) 4. Unimaginative instant ability that can be cast cooldown and resource free on a asinine ppm-based proc (i.e. Templar's Verdict, Aimed Shot, Colossus Smash, Overpower, Avenger's Shield, etc)
"Weren't D-Ream shit!"
That notion is still alive with the baby boomer generation.
*Ladies come, ladies go, I'm a revolving door. Some ladies never come back, most come back for more.* Yeah, nowadays they look like a bunch of sleazy manwhores.
Durr. Neutral special.
They also went to Eton.
Wasn't the Honey Bee Inn a part of the cross-dressing sidequest? I'm sure it'll get rewritten or scrapped as some of the scenes there wouldn't fly with a 2015 audience.
If you replace St. Pauls with Knowle West, Southmead or Easton, you'd be on point.
I'm sure they'll be tuned so poorly that anyone can face stomp.
I'd announce it after flooding the market in secrecy.
http://www.teamliquid.net/forum/tech-support/400084-razer-blackwidow-key-problems Similar to this issue, except I've had to unplug the keyboard and plug it back in to fix this issue. It has happened on more than one computer too so it's not my computer that's the problem And don't get me started on how buggy the Synapse 2.0 software is. It's probably even buggier and more non-functional than iTunes and Quicktime are on Windows... It has to be the worst mechanical keyboard I've ever tried and even a £10 membrane keyboard which you can buy from Maplin Electronics is more worthwhile.
&gt; after he smashes down my door. [( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6nSKkwzwdW4)
I remember the day when Bungie and Microsoft pulled a cunt move in a Halo 3 update and locked out 90% of the playlists to paid DLC owners (including Team Doubles, Major League Gaming, and Big Team Slayer) and forced us to buy the Mythic Map Pack and Mythic Map Pack II in order to continue playing them. All 343 really did was make a passably good Halo game with mediocre multiplayer which made MLG drop the game from its Pro Circuit. (which was a given anyway because the Halo competitive scene kinda jumped the shark in Halo 3.) Meanwhile a lot of us are forgetting that Bungie made Halo Reach, Halo ODST and the godawful Destiny which three DLC packs later feels about as complete as a typical AAA release in its alpha build. I guarantee if 343 give us a westernized Halo Online or a PC release of Master Chief Collection and Halo 5, they would've done a greater deal of service for the Halo franchise than Bungie.
I can see Morpheus failing very dramatically. I mean lots of PS4 games can't even run at 30FPS on a 1080p display. Good fucking luck rendering 60FPS gameplay on two different displays within a VR headset.
Too bad they haven't competed with Intel on performance since the Core 2 era...
In true Bethesda fashion, the game crashes to desktop at this point.
Just like how they've taken action against bots and win traders in SC2 and WoW? I thought so too...
Best: Jimmy Carr Worst: Russell Brand, at least ever since he decided to go Che Guevara on everyone.
According to /r/WoW, the overwhelming consensus is that they've only banned the offending account.
I'm saying that Riot are moronic because they will not allow a surrender vote if 60% of the players (which is still a majority) want to surrender. It leads to a lot of frustrating, drawn-out and one-sided games.
Yay, another armchair 'protest' at Bungie. They must be shitting themselves. You're a fucking idiot.
what happened with Justin Timberlake's relaunch of the site anyway?
Well that escalated quickly...
&gt; easier games You son of a bitch...
Still better than the shitty Tony Hawk's 'games' Robomodo have released in the last few years.
Totalbiscuit is a douche, not Goku.
Given the nerf to Swarm Hosts, I predict a last place finish.
Flash failed to qualify? So what else is new?
Why not just rework Snipe so it's just like Nova's Heroic Ability in Heroes of the Storm?
If they truly cared about feedback, we'd have a mining change.
He's certainly being very active and open about his (and the community's) thoughts on the direction SC2 is going. I do however still disagree with the direction Legacy of the Void is going. Some of my biggest criticisms include: 1. Starting players with 12 workers instead of 6 is going to kill a lot of low-income cheese builds, which actually made the game interesting. These days, fast expand builds are going to be mandatory because of how kickstarted the economy already is. It's quite sad, really because World of Warcraft proves that taking gameplay choices away from players equals a shittier game. 2. Reducing the amount of minerals per base by 25% (by halving the minerals on half of the nodes) is a suboptimal solution at fixing SC2's flawed mining system. Adjusting minerals does not change this but rather punishes defensive play and falling behind on bases far more severely than WoL and HotS did. This time, losing expansions will become game-ending and games will end much, much faster. 3. Apart from the Lurker (which is a very welcome addition to the Zerg arsenal), there aren't any units or balance changes that improve the defensive capabilities of any particular race. Siege Tanks for instance are even shittier and less viable in LotV than they were in WoL or HotS because now they're **HUGELY** vulnerable to Ravagers and Disruptors. If Blizzard want more players to take expansions in Legacy of the Void, then they need to give each race the tools to defend said bases. And that means buffing Siege Tanks and Colossi to fill these niches. 4. Terran in particular got shafted. The Cyclone is suboptimal, too expensive, too slow to build, and too late in the tech tree to be viable in any Mech build. Meanwhile the Liberator is a shit jack-of-all-trades, master-of-none unit that does things which other ground and air units can do 10 times better.
People didn't like the lack of raid content in Mists - Blizzard released three raids across two raid tiers, and the third one has seemingly wrapped-up the plot of Warlords. People didn't like the fact that Mists felt like World of Babycraft - Blizzard dumbed-down even more stats in WoD, pruned a lot of iconic abilities and made professions piss-easy to level to 700, albeit completely pointless to learn. People didn't like facing bots in Arenas and BGs - Blizzard responded with one long-overdue ban wave targeting a popular bot, and gave everybody a 6 month ban on the game licence they were offending on, rather than something more justifiable like a permanent ban, nuking their entire battle.net account, or blacklisting their billing details. As a result of the lazy ban-wave mentality, bots are very quickly popping back up. People didn't like having Trade chat spammed by assholes selling Arena boosts and boss kills for real world money - Blizzard didn't bat a single fucking eyelid at this practice which is a breach of the ToS in itself, and you can still basically buy your way to a Mythic Blackhand kill or 2200 Arena rating. People didn't like social media integration in SC2 and Battle.net - Blizzard responded with a content patch that does nothing except adds selfies and Twitter integration.
This game looks like an ultra-gory Russian parody of Streets of Rage. It's at the point where I'm half-expecting a shirtless Putin to walk out [to the tune of pounding techno.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ruRk1O-dH-c)
Do you ever get bored of Hearthstone?
It's because I'm not some internet famous e-celebrity that they jerk their tiny microwieners off to.
With a reasonable amount of content on release and lots of upcoming content at a reasonable price, F2P. With a good amount of content on release and even more upcoming content afterwards, B2P. NEVER P2P. Aside from in PC bangs where paying per hour is a service charge for the premises themselves, and where Blizzard can introduce great incentives to pay said service charge, Overwatch will never be a game that will justify paying a subscription fee.
http://ih1.redbubble.net/image.23313180.1943/flat,1000x1000,075,f.jpg
What the top comment said, it's far better than being unemployed, on jobseeker's allowance and dealing with a job centre advisor that tries to screw you over and get you sanctioned at every corner. As much as I feel like I'd have much greater potential elsewhere, it's just far too inconvenient to go through the hassle of applying for other jobs, somehow scheduling interviews around fully flexible working hours, and getting screwed around by recruiters all the time.
If I were MC, I'd just retire and play Heroes.
I'm willing to bet he looks like the Numa Numa guy IRL...
Checked the sidebar, the last LFG mega thread I saw was several months ago. What gives?
As with all workplaces, if you pay in peanuts, you get monkeys. Sometimes I think a lot of companies offer godawful customer service simply because they pay and treat their staff like crap, and don't recruit the numbers necessary - so I'm not surprised to see someone at your workplace disrespect the premises to the point of taking a steaming shit in the break room.
You can call me Michael Bay, cause I'd love to blow my load in your face
The best part about this is that nobody knows who the fuck MarineLorD is. He's just a no-name Terran player with a few ZOTAC tournament wins under his belt who went in, curb stomped Hydra, curb stomped Innovation, curb stomped Parting twice, and then proceeded to curb stomp Innovation again. And Hydra, Innovation and Parting are NOT easy opponents. Two of them are top paid KeSPA Koreans. Oh, and did I forget to say that MarineLorD is a French Terran, and that non-Korean Terrans are known to be weak?
To be honest, region locking can only *improve* the quality of foreign play. Region locking doesn't really affect Europe that much, because the Koreans who came over there to play in WCS EU got residency visas anyway, since you'd pretty much have to reside in Europe in order to really compete and practice against the European meta. Plus, a lot of the Koreans who came over to Europe (like Jjakji, Mvp, ForGG and MC) were pretty much has-beens that would be eliminated in Korea. As for Americans... they can pretty much connect to the KR server and experience low levels of latency, because Korea is far more connected (via undersea cables) to America than to Europe. The effect is even less noticeable if you are practising in the West Coast, hence why ROOT Gaming established a team house in California. Hence, Americans could already get Korean levels of practice if they spent their time grinding out dozens of games a day over on the Korean server, which is what eSF and KeSPA teams actually did to get better at the game, not do in-house scrims. Just ask Totalbiscuit about that. What region locking *will* do for the international scene is give foreigners greater viewership, enough money from increased exposure and tournament winnings to sustain themselves, and a chance to compete on the world stage which they otherwise didn't get back in 2014. [The idea is that Blizzard want foreigners to earn enough money so that they don't have to worry about their financial situation, and can instead worry about improving their play, which is a strategy that has worked wonders in the League of Legends scene with LCS and Riot's support for team/coach salaries.](https://vimeo.com/15488784)
Original content is where Netflix will thrive. In particular, their ability to license, dub and subtitle Japanese anime for international release is a force to be reckoned with and could easily eclipse competitors like Funimation. Sadly their Netflix Original anime offerings have been quite weak thus far. Knights of Sidonia was a terrible choice because of its boring plot, dull character designs, and frame-rate so horribly piss-poor that it would make /r/PCMasterRace cry.
My money's on HayprO. IdrA and Grubby have publicly acknowledged that they have zero interest in StarCraft II, even with the release of LotV, otherwise they'd play the beta. Also, IdrA would find it very difficult to be accepted into a roster, especially considering the circumstances in which he was released from EG back in 2013. VortiX or Lucifron is possible, but why would you forsake being part of one of Europe's best Heroes rosters just to play SC2 again? Stephano's technically retired but at the same time he's competed occasionally since, and exploited imbalanced playstyles which Blizzard would later nerf. Jinro has showed little to no interest in SC2, and I'm pretty sure he's content with playing poker and MMA over in Korea. Also, he hasn't exactly been 'on form' since 2010...
Worgen had a lot of missed and failed potential. If Blizzard: 1. Made Gilneas an 80 - 85 zone and tied the Forsaken/Gilnean war into the Cataclysm plot. 2. Allowed Worgen to stay in human form during combat. 3. Made Female Worgen look more ferocious and not like the fantasy booty call of a furry in Lion's Pride Inn. Then Worgen would have been better. Goblins were also horrible, but more-so for the slow, slow, slow pacing of their respective starting zones.
JonnyPatchzerg? That's a name I haven't heard in a long time. A *long* time.
Gotta watch this when I get home. Really wanted to see JSE defeat Sans.
Plebs
You're thinking of Shia LaBeouf...
Yup.
Remember when Dual Tournament stages used to be Bo1 back in BW?
Oh my god that guy looks like Quin69.
Wow, this sounds like the type of comment I'd see on dailymail.co.uk... not here.
I'd love to see Blizzard start a second WoW dev team and employ some of the people working on the largest WoW private servers, to establish official Vanilla, Burning Crusade and Wrath of the Lich King realms and perform any necessary maintenance and bug fixes. Jagex pretty much did the same thing with Old School RuneScape when they shut down 2006scape (A private server that attempted to emulate 2006-era Runescape). They took on-board the feedback of how many people hated RuneScape 3 and its various changes, saw that 2006scape was gaining a lot of hype, and gave their fanbase what they wanted. Fun fact, OSRS is now the *most popular* version of RuneScape, regularly managing more active players at once than RuneScape 3, and that is only set to grow even further when the OSRS dev team plan a phased-release of a brand new content (Zeah) exclusive to OSRS which will increase the size of the game world immensely at the beginning of 2016. That's right, OSRS is so popular that Jagex are releasing *new* content for that version of the game. While I won't go so far as to say Blizzard need to release new Vanilla/TBC/Wrath content, a launch of legacy servers running on legacy versions of the game client is what Blizzard need to be doing with WoW. If Blizzard made an old-school WoW client available and allowed subscribers to download the older clients and experience the game as it was originally intended, I would resub in a heartbeat. Hell, even if they did a Jagex and hired a few extra devs to produce new content for the Vanilla game such as the (originally intended) Emerald Dream raid and slew of cut zones and islands in that era, then I can see Legacy realms eclipsing the current release realms with absolute ease. It's quite sad that you can only experience the previous Azerothian game world, and the original class abilities, talents and itemisation which fuelled the game these days by playing on a private server. Meanwhile on retail, any content outside of Dungeon Finder, Raid Finder and Hellfire Citadel remains abandoned, and cannot be experienced at its originally intended difficulty level even if you could 'level down' your character like in RIFT and Final Fantasy XIV thanks to years and years of immense power creep through really horribly designed game updates. Blizzard say it's too hard, or 'the technology simply isn't there', but there are people who have reverse-engineered the 1.12, 2.4.3 and 3.5 clients and managed to run a slew of private servers which have both emulated and built upon a Blizz-like experience. I cannot think of a smarter analogy than this, but imagine if you purchased the StarCraft II Battle Chest only to then find out that you are unable to access anything in the campaign other than the Legacy of the Void expansion, because to the devs, LotV is the current expansion and you should not care about anything except the latest content. That would make SC2 a pretty shitty single player experience, wouldn't it?
Seriously, they hack a streamer's Twitch account and deactivate it, then threaten him with SWAT team calls, instead of broadcasting ludicrous amounts of hardcore porn? I remember when trolling used to be funny and a legitimate art form, and not sick fucks doxxing others and calling the SWAT team on them.
This has the potential to be either really good or fucking horrible. I await the game with hesitant glee. Let's just hope it's a WW release and not US-only.
The beauty of this is that 'Let's play' is such a generic phrase and it would be asinine of a company like Sony to trademark the phrase and essentially bully others into not using it. The same issue arises when you think about King's attempts to trademark 'Saga' because they don't have the imagination to make an original game, let alone *not* put 'Saga' in the title of the game they've blatantly copied. Saga is also just a generic word in the dictionary and one that works very well given the context. Although having said this, 'This is for the players' is a shit slogan and I really want to see Sony stop using it in their adverts.
I'd suggest going on Fiverr, FiverUp, GigBucks, Roundshelf, Alert3, or any other site where you can contact freelance pixel artists and make enquiries.
Stephano had a GSL seed at one point, and he was also the only foreigner on EG-TL to actually win games in Proleague.
I'm very, very skeptical of the hate and accusations of viewbotting towards WinterSC for one very big reason. TeamLiquid themselves have re-listed Winter as a featured streamer after a six month probation. Full post on TL linked [here](http://www.teamliquid.net/forum/starcraft-2/480649-revised-featured-stream-requirements-for-2015?page=27#528) and quoted below: &gt; A Decision Regarding Winter's Probation &gt; In March 2015, Team Liquid decided to defeature WinterStarcraft after revelations of viewbotting. Our original decision was made due to the fact that there was no way to establish Winter's actual viewership count and whether it would have qualified him for featured streams. There was a possibility that he acquired featured status solely because of the suspected bots, which aided in amassing more legitimate viewers. The original investigation showed that his stream was a target of botting, but there was no way to establish beyond reasonable doubt the person who was responsible for the botting. &gt; Based on the evidence provided, we decided that the best course of action was to remove WinterStarcraft from our featured streams list and put him on a 6 month probation. At the same time, Winter promised to change his stream and attempt to clear the accusations. During this time, he remained a spotlighted Twitch streamer. &gt; Now that his probation period has expired, we must revisit our decision and decide whether or not to refeature him. This has been a very high profile case, so we do not take this decision lightly. We have placed the burden of proof on Winter to show that his stream is clean and that the problem is past him. &gt; Based on the evidence he provided, we have decided to refeature Winter. He was very cooperative during the probation period and the deliberation process, and he provided private information that shows his real streaming numbers (extrapolated from the data) are more than good enough to be featured. While we cannot divulge exactly what information he showed us or explain how that data supports his claims, it became evident even to the most skeptical among us that—based on what he showed us—he deserves to be refeatured. Coupled with the fact that Blizzard and Twitch continue to support him, we have no reason to keep him off the list. &gt; We at Team Liquid believe in giving people second chances, and that people can change for the better. Winter's stream looks healthy and he's shown enough proof to convince us to refeature him. We hope that everyone has learned their lesson from this fiasco, and that everyone avoids such mischievous behavior in the future.
Again, TL are not known for second chances. Just look at CombatEX
Hopefully the Austrian leader sends them back to Germany saying "You got us into this mess, Merkel, It's not our problem!"
I'd pay very, very good money for Dan Harmon, Justin Roiland and Toby Fox to do an Undertale crossover episode of Rick &amp; Morty.
Given how shitty the Marauder's attack is now that it's split in two, maybe we should make them shoot up...
Or invite disgraced BW player sAviOr and disgraced DOTA 2 player Solo on the show to teach players how to match fix.
/r/theredpill is leaking?
&gt; SweetSensi 24:56 hope your depression causes you to commit suicide, easy to diagnose. 0 girls fucked in 2015 guaranteed. must suck to be you. goodday. To that, I would have said "Wow, that's the closest you've come to dealing damage to me yet."
Abathur's quite slim.
Did I seriously watch some dude pounce on her and start dry-fucking her in the middle of that moment?
AMD crossfire?
Azubu is actually quite good. And we NEED more competition in the scene. We can't just allow Twitch to reign supreme.
And look at how well free, ad-supported 1080p has supported events like WCS, IPL, etc. Broadcasters and TOs have to make their money somewhere, otherwise the scene becomes one huge charity case.
The best change will be to make Warp Prism pick-up range an upgrade from the Robotics Bay. Perhaps tie it in with the existing speed upgrade. The fact that it can negate the defender's advantage through warp-ins is powerful enough. It shouldn't be able to pick up units from far away that early in the game.
It's hilarious they consider Hearthstone a bigger priority than Smash.
Hopefully then Thors will actually be a viable soft-counter against Brood Lords.
The best way to address the Ravager issue is to buff their health and make them tankier than the typical Roach, but nerf Corrosive Bile. Therefore, I propose the following change **Ravager:** * Life increased to 165, from 120. * Ravagers now benefit from Tunneling Claws (allowing them to move while burrowed and giving them increased Life regeneration while burrowed.) * Corrosive Bile now deals 45 damage, down from 60 damage. This means that Ravagers will now 4-shot Liberators, but still 3-shot Siege Tanks.
Didn't Madals say that SPOTV decided on the paywall?
To tell you the truth, we need more passive skills like Riposte to make tanking and healing stats more interesting and more focused towards mitigation. It's quite boring when you give everybody the exact same gear...
I miss the days when Vivendi owned Blizzard, to be honest. Ever since Activision-Blizzard formed, this game has been overloaded with microtransactions, had its expansion pack fee raised substantially and has reached the point where expansion packs currently have a fraction of the content, whilst still demanding a $14.99 subscription fee... And don't get me started on the damage Bobby Kotick has done to Blizzard's other franchises...
**Okay.... No.** [Wikipedia's definition of MMO is as follows - "A massively multiplayer online game (MMOG or MMO) is an online game which is capable of supporting large numbers of players simultaneously in the same instance (or world)."](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Massively_multiplayer_online_game) This does not fit the description of Dragon Ball Xenoverse. In fact, you could argue that it's an online role-playing game (or ORPG) like Phantasy Star Online or Guild Wars at the very most, and that's because the hubworld is separated into blocks where you can meet and interact with real world players, but everything outside is entirely instanced only to you or any other party members you have. In addition, there is [only one mention of 'MMO'](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dragon_Ball_XenoVerse) in the Wikipedia article, and that is a citation of a Kotaku article that discusses story similarities between Xenoverse and Dragon Ball Online, which was an ACTUAL Dragon Ball MMO that Bandai Namco shut down because they were fucking morons and never released it outside South Korea despite the massive waves of hype and demand. When I hear the term MMO thrown around, I expect a persistent game world capable of supporting hundreds, if not thousands of players within the same instance, not half of the shit you see on Steam when you click the 'Massively Multiplayer' category, most of which aren't even fucking MMOs but rather shitty MOBAs or Action RPGs...
Ahhh, Artix Entertainment, also known as the people who can't make an original game and just make near-identical clones of AdventureQuest. AQ3D doesn't look that great, and I'm sure there'll be a massive catch to it, as with their other games...
Meanwhile they retcon Med'an and his ascension to the Guardian of Tirisfal, then pretend he doesn't exist...
I don't think PvP is even their focus, otherwise Ashran would have been a whole lot better and we would have seen more BGs and Arenas. We would have even seen Trial of the Gladiator make it into the game.
He hasn't played a game since early 2012, and has no interest in SC anymore. He now does MMA and poker.
Noted, although I think the assessment is training provider specific.
&gt; Crack down is a joke. Yeah about ten years ago they tried to sue a college kid and a stay at home mom for several million, it was a PR nightmare, and since then they have tried to take down torrent sites. ThePirateBay went down briefly, then came back up within a week. It took them years of pressure just to achieve the first take down. Piracy isn't going anywhere. There are other means to restricting torrents which are quite prominent now including: * Censorship - Yes, this can be bypassed via a VPN but a good number of laws and court orders have forced ISPs to block sites such as The Pirate Bay and Kickass Torrents. I mean the ISP I'm using blocks them. * Throttling/Capping - This is less prominent over here in the UK but it's also a major one elsewhere. A lot of ISPs especially in the US have pushed for monthly data caps both because they are unwilling to invest in their infrastructure and because they want to price-gouge a market which they have almost complete control over. In the case of my ISP, they are known to have sucky upload speeds and do throttle download and upload speeds to 25% of their normal speeds for up to 6 hours after exceeding a usage cap. &gt; People find the need to come up with multiple arguments to justify stuff. Really, I suspect your only argument that actually matters to you is your first: it is clear you aren't comfortable with stealing. That's it, and that's totally fine. Just say so. I respect that. In fact just like you said -I recognize that if everyone stole everything developers wouldn't have money for creating new content. Thank you for driving the industry forward and voting with your dollars. Yeah, if you say that on Reddit, you get loads of people arguing with you that piracy is not stealing.
Isn't Hapstablook [confirmed to be Mettaton?](/spoiler)
I always thought the mainland has held the idea of there being one unified China government very well?
&gt; &gt; Using your god damned seal every time you cast judgement? &gt; Oh god no send me back to WoD I miss the old Seal system. :( It actually gave you the interesting gameplay choice of whether to conserve the duration of your Seals and therefore your Mana to deal sustained damage throughout the fight, or to burn your Mana and Judge your Seals for extra burst. Mind you, Vanilla Retribution and Protection Paladins were very weak, but I think that's something Blizzard needed to build upon, not redesign outright and make them the simplest, most dumbed-down DPS and tanking class in the entire game like they did from Wrath onwards. Paladins would have been viable DPS and Tanks in Vanilla if they had: 1. Crusader Strike from a low level, as originally planned in the beta. This would have given Paladins an additional button to press, and would have added some much-needed damage to the Holy and Protection rotations. 2. If Protection Paladin talents such as Redoubt and Reckoning didn't require Paladins to "be the victim of a critical strike" in order to trigger, which goes against the fact that tanks need to make themselves crit-proof. 3. A taunt, which they didn't get until Wrath of the Lich King. 4. An interrupt, which they also didn't get until Wrath of the Lich King, and even then it was a Retribution talent...
I don't, actually. That explains a whole lot. **EDIT: Installed it. It works.**
These new redesigned classes and specs look awesome. They've turned Disc Priests from an incredibly imbalanced, absorb-based healer into a true DPS/Healer hybrid class that looks incredibly fun to play. This almost makes me want to resubscribe and purchase Legion. ALMOST.
I'm going to make a character called Hardy Cockburn and see how far I get within the game.
**SANS** [will give you a bad time](/sans)
[what? you're smiling](/sans)
The two or three Ginyu Force episodes were pretty good.
Another one you may find funny, "spunk" in US terms means courage and determination, while in British terms, it's actually slang for semen.
Adam Sandler's movies make good examples... * **Click**ing - Adam Sandler stars as an overweight, unemployed, 46 year old World of Warcraft playing virgin that goes on epic adventures with his guild, until one day he has a midlife crisis and tries to get his life back on track. * **Backstabbed Man**ning - A political comedy tale about Bradley Manning's leaking of sensitive political documents to WikiLeaks and later arrest. The film stars Adam Sandler as every character. * **Big Daddy**ing - Adam Sandler plays a sugar boy, who provides sexual relations and companionship with a wealthier, older man in exchange for being lavished with money. * **50 First Dat**ing - Adam Sandler plays a recently divorced 50 year old man who searches for love on Okcupid. Hilarity ensues. * **Just Go**ing **With It** - Adam Sandler stars as a middle-aged man who accidentally gets roped into BDSM at a sex dungeon. * **The Water**ing **Boy** - A CGI-enhanced Adam Sandler made to look 20 years younger stars as a college graduate who gets his first unpaid graduate internship gig at a garden store watering plants. * **Pixel**ling - Adam Sandler plays an obese, 37 year old pixel artist, who falls in love with a girl (later revealed to be a guy) who he meets in EverQuest.
Reminds me of the time when universities actually banned Blurred Lines by Robin Thicke from being played on campus.
Nah, that's John Travolta.
With mine, it didn't even really go to debate when the feminist society pushed for it. It just got banned.
If it's legal for them to do so, Blizzard need to start blacklisting the billing details of repeat offenders or consider hardware bans. If the risk of multiple hacking offences means that you can no longer pay for any subscription based Blizzard games or purchase from the Blizzard Store without a change to your billing address, then I'm pretty sure people will stop hacking. Sure they won't do it because money, but imagine how powerful a statement "You've spent the last year botting in our game, so we're not even going to accept you as a customer anymore" would be.
Got a similar issue, it shows 59:18 as the total duration of the vid and sends me to the beginning. Beginning to think Twitch's VOD system sucks and we should just link it on Afreeca?
Even ESPN are like "StarCraft II, ded gaem? Yup, ded gaem!"
Probably a bit of a tall order but do you have any patch notes to share so that we can debate during the downtime?
That is true, I do get supply blocked a bit, but sometimes it feels almost impossible to optimally build supply depots without foregoing critical units or workers. Also, I think my mentality completely sucks for SC2. I get angry at losses. A lot.
For those who are skeptical of DingIt's modified plugin, you can download the [Infinite HD plugin from Octoshape's official website](http://www.octoshape.com/support/infinite-hd-octoshape-app/) and watch the stream on DingIt, apparently. Octoshape are a legit company, and actually owned by Akamai.
Wow, 2.5k viewers overall, this is what you'd expect from a small eSports cup, not a tournament featuring **THE GREATEST EVER STARCRAFT II PLAYERS**
Xul sounds like a Specialist if you ask me. YAY, NEW SPECIALIST HEROES!
To tell you the truth, I actually believe your argument and despite the problems people have experienced with the Infinite HD plugin, I do genuinely think DingIt are trying to do good for eSports. If I do have one major criticism about DingIt though, it's that content is VERY difficult to locate on the site because the search functionality appears to be broken on much of the site. It's been mentioned elsewhere on Reddit but if you click for example, 'StarCraft II' in Popular Games, you do not get taken to a list of live SC2 streams and SC2 VODs as you'd expect. Instead, you are taken to a page where you see the most popular highlights and reruns of any game. The same occurs no matter which game you select.
I really do think the [Lavos theme](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nReqeBSp_WY) from Chrono Trigger fits perfectly with the Ravager clip.
Funny story at work. We had a Cockburn's Port competition advertised that I didn't know about, so I asked a superior what it was, not realising that the surname was pronounced 'Co-burn' rather than 'Cock-burn' Hilarity ensued.
My life now has zero meaning.
My dad installed AVG Zen on his computer quite recently, and to be perfectly honest, the amount of problems he's had with AVG and the difficulty of uninstalling AVG, on top of all the horror stories in this thread make me think that AVG can eat a nine inch schlong. To be honest, the market for antivirus software is very quickly falling to shit. When the programs that people used to cleanse their pallet of crapware like Norton Antivirus are now shady as fuck, the question is who to even trust.
I'd love to see an indie game jam where developers take a shitty game, spend a month redeveloping it and try to make something good out of it. Of course there would be loads of legal barriers to cross, but that would be a legitimately good idea.
&gt; Only 2 SSL and 2 GSL a year is pretty brutal... I don't know why Blizzard wouldn't reduce both season's prize pool by 1/3 and switch it back to 3 of each every year. Seeing sOs and Bomber and other huge names lose 1 Best of 5 or get knocked out of a qualifier then they're gone from the scene for 6 months is just awful. It's awful for the viewers and awful for the players. You forgot that Proleague exists. &gt; No KeSPA Koreans at every weekend tournaments makes the level of play and overall entertainment value much worse. Compare the Round of 16 and Round of 8 in Dreamhack Stockholm of last year to the current Dreamhack Leipzig.... The level of play is leagues different. Foreigners already had the WCS Foreigner Charity league last year... and they get that again this year. So what's the point of cutting Korean participation in the weekend tournaments? There's already tournaments for only Koreans (SSL/GSL), and there's already 3 tournaments for only Foreigners... The weekend tournaments should be the place to see great Koreans facing the Best foreigners... not faster versions of the foreigner charity league. Consider the fact that the most financially successful foreigners in the SC2 scene are not competitive players but rather entertainers like Avilo, WinterStarcraft and Destiny, and that serious pro players rarely if ever stream as they would be busy practicing hard for tournaments. The problem with the 2013 and 2014 WCS systems were just how Korean-dominated the North American scene was at the time. By region locking tournaments, this then actually gives regional players an incentive to practice SC2. This means we'll see North Americans eventually get better through practice on the NA and KR ladders since they can now actually earn money from playing the game competitively without having to stream on Twitch. In the long run, this will result in top tier foreign players emerging who can compete on an international scale. &gt; Seeding 8 foreigners directly into Blizzcon is terrible. Blizzcon should represent the championship of the year's best players, regardless of nationality... if you want to see Koreans facing foreigners at Blizzcon, then those foreigners need to be able to do well against those Koreans at those weekend tournaments. This also allows for the creation of foreigner vs Korean rivalries (like herO vs Snute!)... but this format prevents any of these storylines from ever developing. That trail of thought is fucking stupid and you know it. WCS is the World Championship Series, not the Korean Championship Series and it was a notoriously unfair system that heavily favoured Korean competitors. Just look at the most recent Blizzcon when 13 out of 16 competitors came from the Korean circuit as opposed to WCS (the only three WCS players qualifying for Blizzcon were Polt, Hydra and Lilbow.) &gt; Side point: DingIt as the only way to watch SSL live is a fucking joke. This is Blizzard's game, and they should not allow one of the biggest, year-round tournaments to be broadcast on that shady, buggy malware bullshit. So it's a bad thing that a broadcaster sponsor and acquire the rights to broadcast a tournament and that they do not make their stream available on a competitor's service? Do you not know how broadcasting and syndication rights work? Did you forget that DingIt and SPOTV Games are perfectly within Blizzard's SC2 community tournament licensing guidelines, specifically these clauses: * You may broadcast your tournament online, and you are free to stream on whichever online platform you like. * The tournament organizer may not charge fees of any kind for spectators to watch the tournament - To my knowledge, this does not specifically include paywalling higher quality streams. And I hate to break it to you, but Blizzard are absolutely fine with SSL being broadcasted on DingIt, otherwise they would have blacklisted the operation of the tournament until SPOTV Games and DingIt change their ways. Also, I made a thread on here [a week ago](https://www.reddit.com/r/starcraft/comments/4209wg/so_after_seeing_all_the_complaints_about_dingit/) asking for solid evidence that DingIt and its plugin were malicious. I have not received any solid evidence at all and the thread eventually descended into overall bitching about the existence of DingIt and baseless accusations of them unloading adware onto people's computers.
The fact of the matter is... SBENU backed out, DingIt stepped in, and because DingIt is a competing stream platform to Azubu and Twitch, there is a conflict of interest between the viewers who don't like DingIt and the organizers who don't want to pull the plug on the league.
You look like the frontman of a metrosexual KISS tribute act.
This should have been the final boss of an alternative genocide route.
I especially love the frowning Papyrus. The smile on his skeletal face doesn't change but you can tell from the expression in his eyes that he's fucking livid with the fact you killed Sans. What I think would have made a Genocide Papyrus more interesting is if he were actually more difficult than Sans to defeat and was able to tank ridiculous amounts of damage instead of dodging it like Sans does.
Well just look at Dreamhack Leipzig and what a fucking nightmare that was.
|| - |[Sure is Tumblr in here...](/papyrus)
Make everyone Illidan in his prime, that's the idea.
Yeah and the internet has this huge double standard where anyone who isn't TB that BMs on his level is told they're a fucking asshole and should just stop it.
Darude - Sandstorm
Look on the other side of the coin, outside of Cleanse, there's no counter to getting chainstunned and raped :)
&gt; No, they don't. Not at all. As long as you're a robot and what your program contains doesn't violate any United States laws, you can upload anything you want. Not true. Let's refer to the [Google Chrome Web Store Developer Agreement for a second](https://developer.chrome.com/webstore/terms), with Clause 4.4 quoted below: &gt; 4.4 Prohibited Actions. &gt; &gt; 4.4.1 You agree that you will not engage in any activity with the Web Store, including the development or publication of Products or other materials, that violates the Google Chrome Web Store Program Policies, or that: &gt; &gt; * knowingly violates a third party’s terms of service, &gt; &gt; * violates any applicable laws or regulations, &gt; &gt; * interferes with, disrupts, damages, harms, or accesses in an unauthorized manner the machines, hardware, devices, servers, networks, data, or other properties or services of any third party including, but not limited to, Google Chrome users, Google or any network operator, or &gt; &gt; * creates a spammy user experience, whether by posting repetitive content or misleading information about an application’s purpose, &gt; &gt; * infringes on the intellectual property rights of others, &gt; &gt; * enables the unauthorized download of streaming content or media, &gt; &gt; * displays (via text, images, video, or other media) or links to: &gt; &gt; &gt; * illegal content, &gt; &gt; &gt; * invasions of personal privacy or violations of the right of publicity, &gt; &gt; &gt; * content that interferes with the functioning of any servers, networks, or services of other parties, &gt; &gt; &gt; * promotions of hate or incitement of violence, &gt; &gt; &gt; * violations of intellectual property rights, including patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, or other proprietary right of any party, or pornography, obscenity, nudity, or sexual activity. If DingIt's plugin were truly malicious, siphoning users' personal details, functioning as a Bitcoin miner, affecting ads displayed to the user, doing other things that people have baselessly accused DingIt of doing, etc, then this would have constituted a critical breach of the terms and conditions, and Google would have removed the app from their Web Store by now. &gt; A majority of these are pornography sites and sites that haven't had problems in years and only came up with something on a rare occasion. eBay and AOL for example do not have malicious advertisements on every page, and when they do they're promptly removed by the vendor. PornHub and YouPorn are the only porn sites mentioned above. Also, I am aware that targeted advertising is a major factor at play in terms of what ads get served to which customers. However, the fact of the matter is that in the case where this has happened with DingIt users, DingIt very quickly identified the issue and worked with the ad vendor to remove the malicious ad.
haha fucking savage.
I wish we had the female Monk from D3 in the game as an assassin...
|| - |[WHAT A FUCKING PUSSY!](/papyrus)
I'm staring at that list and thinking 'who the fuck are Karnage eSports'?
**HELLO PROCRASTURBATORS!!!**
I'd rather be an Orc Druid. Imagine Cat Form but with that creepy /clap face.
Meh, why should I bother when Super Street Fighter V will be out a year later?
My guess is they'll write her out by having her brag about her fairy godparents, which will cause them to ditch her back for Timmy.
I like Timewalking, except for the fact that 1. It's limited to certain weekends every few weeks. 2. It drops gear essential to progression (since you practically need raid gear to do Mythic dungeons.) 3. It REQUIRES you to wear legacy gear which has shittonnes of sockets for essential tanking/healing/DPS gems (unlike Warlords gear which have a very scarce amount of sockets), and upscaled set effects, thus making some of them best in slot over Warlords gear. 4. It FORCES players to farm for legendary weapons like Sulfuras, Thunderfury, the Warglaives of Azzinoth, and Shadowmourne, since their effects upscale and become best in slot items over Warlords gear. (NOTE: Removed Thori'dal from that list since its equip effect has been fucking useless since Cataclysm.)
It happened with Brood War. Many sponsors and viewers actually turned away from the scene following the initial match-fixing scandal when sAviOr and about 10 others were indicted.
To be honest, the authorities really need to bust this case wide open and see just how deep the rabbit-hole goes. I'm pretty sure matchfixing in Korea is a wide, sweeping issue and that KeSPA are very reluctant to investigate it further, especially if we've seen a number of suspicious series from top-tier pros and have some very big names in the scene indicted on charges.
Or go the Wildstar system where you unlock all your core abilities by about level 20.
Undertail? This looks interesting. 3 seconds later, I seriously regret clicking that link...
WildStar was a buggy, poorly optimised sack of crap with somehow less content than what Warlords of Draenor had. On anything less than a top end Intel i7 rig, the framerate used to stutter like Gareth Gates and even now NCSoft had the smart idea of making most in game purchases character instead of account bound. Using WildStar to discredit hardcore MMOs is like using the SimCity reboot to discredit all city building simulation games, or using RollerCoaster Tycoon World to discredit all theme park building games. Hell, it's like using Big Rigs: Over The Road Racing to discredit all racing games when the game barely functioned. It's downright asinine.
&gt; if the cost of a realm transfer is too expensive for you to afford maybe you should be doing something else with your time to make real money instead of playing a video game. Ahhh, a typical "Just make more money" argument. For a lot of people, this simply isn't an option. Let's say you work in retail or customer service and earn the minimum wage, which a lot of people do. The average full time contract in Britain is for 37.5 hours per week, and the national minimum wage in the UK is £7.20 (for a worker over 25 years old, whereas it gets even lower for anyone below that age.) Hence, a 25+ worker can earn £270 per week, £14,040 per year, or £1,170 per month in pre-tax pay. Now let's subtract taxation and National Insurance contributions from this figure. [Rather than bore you with lots of mathematical calculations, I found a website capable of calculating the income](https://www.incometaxcalculator.org.uk/?ingr=14040&amp;time=1&amp;yr=2017&amp;age=0#). This gives us a net annual wage (rounded to nearest penny) of £12,714.40 per year, £1059.53 per month, £244.51 per week, or £6.52 per hour. Since UK employees are usually paid at the end of the month, we're now concerned with the net monthly figure of £1,059.53. [Let's subtract the average monthly energy bill on a small house/flat from that figure](https://www.ukpower.co.uk/home_energy/average-energy-bill), which is £61 per month, [then subtract food (£140) and internet (£20) from that monthly bill, on the assumption that the worker is living the austere lifestyle of a student.](http://www.ed.ac.uk/studying/international/finance/cost-of-living) This means that we now have an income of £838.53 per month after taxation and basic necessities (gas/electricity, groceries/food, internet connection, which is almost mandatory in today's society, and is required to play World of Warcraft, so screw it, we're factoring this in as well.) Since we're now concerned with the disposable income of a minimum wage 25+ UK worker, let's compare the monthly income of £838.53 per month to [average UK rent prices circa October 2015, according to statistics quoted by the Telegraph from Homelet:](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/property/11984097/London-rents-now-a-record-108pc-higher-than-rest-of-UK.html) * Greater London - There is no way that anybody on a salary that low can live in London with its average rent costs of £1,560 per month. London is just *that* heavily price gouged due to overpopulation, gentrification, and heavy demand for properties. Even most Londoners can barely afford to live in London on their increased average salaries compared to the rest of the UK. * South East England - Perhaps if you're lucky enough to find a cheap property far away from London to rent, you could maybe live a very austere life in South-East England. Otherwise, good luck, because South East England is populated pretty highly with workers who commute into London on a regular basis. * South West - At £872 per month, the average property in the South West is pretty unaffordable and will leave you living an incredibly austere lifestyle. * East Anglia - At £809 per month, we finally have a point where we can calculate the percentage of disposable income that a WoW realm transfer priced at £17 would be: 838.53 - 809 = 29.53, and (17 / 29.53) *100 = ~57.57% of your disposable income. * West Midlands - At £669 per month, the percentage of disposable income that a WoW realm transfer would cost would be: 669 - 838.53 = 169.53, and (17 / 169.53) * 100 = ~10.03%. With the rest of monthly rent prices being very close to the West Midlands figure, and being at most ~£150 lower, let's not calculate the rest. Rent alone costs a huge amount of money for a Brit, and on top of having to pay out of our ass for other necessities, the price of a WoW realm transfer isn't justified just to be able to play a dying game with many servers resembling ghost towns.
I hate questing, but the game still forces me to do it... That's really not a valid argument, is it?
[I find it odd he ripped into a game that he praised after using it to cleanse his pallet of Medal of Honor: Warfighter](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vuNN1D-FCjs)
&gt; My PC wasn't ready when I arrived, so I spent my first day waiting for my equipment and playing a very early build of a game known then as Project Ego, what would later become Fable. Was 'Project Ego' an internal codename that everybody called the project behind Peter Molyneux's back?
I heard really bad things about the reboot, mainly relating to DRM and the amount of downloadable content. Is it really on par with a classic like Hitman 2: Silent Assassin?
Any good tutorials and guides for using UE4, or creating assets that are compatible with the engine?
Kinda why I stopped using POF and Tinder, and am close to ditching Okcupid.
My bet is either Verizon or Time Warner Cable.
Support legislation to curb scalping then
How is this relevant to gaming culture again?
Apparently that guy is still shadowbanned. Gotta love how even the admins condone this behaviour.
