Yeah but how did you get into that position in the first place?
Right, but while all this shit was going down, they just decide to move into an expensive apartment in one of the most expensive cities in the country?
The road signage trailer has Michigan plates. So it's Michigan.
Again, the road sign there in the first picture, upper left, has Michigan plates.....
So they could move back in with their parents to save up some cash before they move somewhere more affordable?
Clearly the only solution is just to be broke forever in SF.
Also Thurs-Saturday is a massive [Country on the River](https://countryontheriveriowa.com/) concert lineup.
Trapped, yet unwilling to try and get out of the situation.
ONR is underrated
Deer are a problem in maryland because of their liberal politicians.
You seriously need a security consultant (+ audit) and leadership buy-in. Might be easiest to convince leadership to put up for a complete infosec/physical security audit, and then once they see all of the glaring holes they may be willing to put up the money to fix the problems.
As someone from NE this doesn't surprise me at all. What's strange is when I'm traveling and people ask "Nebraska, isn't it cold there?" I'm like yes, it's cold there, in the winter. And it's hot in the summer. We call these "seasons".
I'll take 125 in Afghanistan over 90 in Nebraska any day. The humidity kills.
Google it, there's a lot of aftermarket shades out there. Or for those who don't give a fuck about what other people think, [there's this](http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/31H5umO0eRL.jpg).
You wanna know what our trick was? Our doctor made us do this. Give the kid a bottle, and then just lay him in the crib and walk away. We used to rock him to bed and we were idiots because we conditioned him to need to be rocked. After we started just laying him to bed immediately after the bottle, no rocking, he would cry for 5 minutes then give up and go to bed. He's over a year old now and he's been sleeping great ever since.
Explain companies like Tesla.
A majority of the feds I know are republican.
You're right dude, all these farmers are just willingly eroding their own land like idiots. No.
Dude, you're right. You're a random redditor and you know more about farming than farmers do.
Can confirm from Nebraska. Once you get into a town smaller than 50k people there's only going to be one or two places to work out. Any smaller than 10k or so, the only gym in town is at the school.
Ice cream isn't dairy?
That wheat lobby game was strong back then.
Have you heard of /r/keto ?
I just saw that too, however, I thought to myself good for them. They're not selling some bullshit meal plan. They're selling the simplicity of identifying portion sizes for different foods, and letting you do the shopping on your own. In every thread like this, there's always someone saying they never learned portion sizes until recently.
It's a lot easier to avoid that candybar than it is to run a mile or two.
And those people can do the math. 150 calories per serving * 3 servings per container = 450 calories per container. You all are delirious if you think an extra number on the label is going to solve our country's obesity epidemic.
God knows this would only accelerate the grocery shrink ray effect. Choose our product, it has 100 calories less per package than the competitor!* *Our package is 10 oz less for the same price.
Her goal is commendable. The implementation, however, was horrid.
Didn't that jamie oliver already basically debunk this?
The whole food desert thing has already been debunked. And guess what, even if all you had was junk food, but you only ate 1500 calories of junk food a day, you wouldn't be overweight! You can "look" healthy by eating nothing but little debbies or mcdonalds or whatever.
&gt;If you've got a BMI of 30+, you're almost certainly fat. Right, almost certainly. Unless you're muscular at all. BMI only looks at height and weight, and muscle is heavy. Think of the average NFL running back. Those guys aren't fat, but they're "obese" according to BMI. Really every conversation mentioning BMI should switch to body fat %.
Building more muscle results in burning more calories. more muscle from weight lifting makes your cardio more efficient. But really, they could be swapped. Either is better than nothing.
Right, when I shop for BBQ sauce the first and second ingredients better be ketchup or molasses. But really, any bbq sauce is going to be big on sugar...that's what it is.
meat doesn't even need to be lean. where did this idea come from? lean meat is just as idiotic as fat free yogurt.
Tuxes don't fit your body that tightly man, wth.
I don't follow. They made the dress too big for your boobs, therefore is was too tight?
Right but they're [not to this level yet](http://www.ca-bridal.com/images/prom-dresses/weekly-deal-bridesmaid-dress-2012-012.jpg) where you have to watch your figure for three months.
Yeah totally agree. Somebody's buying it tho. People are idiots.
I would argue that whole grains that convert to sugar in your body, covered by more sugar, is still mainly junk.
Yeah, it should be. It'd be weird for it to be anything else.
As opposed to the alternative liberal train of thought where each and every problem should be forcefully solved by the federal government. The best solution is somewhere in the middle.
&gt;it is an approach that produces a health care system now ranking 37th in the world, below many third world nations But by what metrics? Because as far as I can tell, if I want the newest, latest, best treatment for my rare disease, I want to be going to an American hospital. As an example, just recently with the ebola outbreaks those people are being sent to my hometown of Omaha for treatment.
Two Rivers SRA is good. Check the Nebraska Game and Parks site for a complete list of all fishing lakes.
Big surprise, yet another redditor who doesn't think reddit leans left. Everyone in here is saying ricketts is an idiot, a fuckwit, a tool, whatever, but nobody is backing up these statements. How did you come to this conclusion? Oh, he's a republican, therefore he doesn't hold liberal values, therefore he's an idiot and a tool? Astute analysis there. I mean, I don't even vote anymore because everything pisses me off, but when I see people so vehemently against somebody, I'd at least expect to see a few reasons to justify why. But I don't, and I never do. So I stand by my elementary assumption that we all should hate him because he's rich and has an R next to his name.
Think about what you're saying though. Even when wal-mart is "doing the right thing" by having paid check out folks and self-checkouts, **the customers are still choosing** the self checkouts over the employees.
You're being a bit ridiculous here, don't you think? This is a company with billions of dollars on the line to make sure these systems work right. Redundancy, safe fail overs, backups, etc. This isn't some unsolvable problem. Computers put robots on mars, control satellites, ships, rockets, drones, nuclear power stations, etc. I think we've advanced to the point where we can engineer a computer system to reliably take a fucking order at McDonald's.
If you were to walk into the ER in the US with ebola, you'd get treated just like that Doctor did. Not saying our system is good for the poor, but if you have cancer or ebola or whatever, you're going to be cared for. The real problem is the lack of preventative care.
Well you have to pay for Obamacare now, so how's that working out for you?
Ok, now back to the real world.
No, I don't. I'm almost certain that the latest medical research and breakthroughs quite consistently come from the US. I'm open to being proven wrong though.
I know, we should make the taxpayers cover your problems instead.
I remember growing up and my parents would always blindside me when we needed to leave or it was time for bed and I hated it. However I distinctly remember when I was being a brat my dad would always ask "Do you want a spankin now or later?" I would always say "later...." and then I'd start acting better and "later" rarely came. I have a toddler now and I plan on doing the same. It works!
Which strangely enough this same system is used in marketing and sales. When you buy any major item there's always the cheap shitty option, then the better option that is 1.6x the price of the cheap option, and then the best option that is 1.8x the price of the cheap option. This works for everything from household appliances to carpet to beds to vehicles. Even french fries at mickey d's.
&gt;The US system kills more people that any war the US is waging right now. What? Sauce me bro.
That sucks, they should develop some kind of "patching" process or something to fix those things!
Fuck, you're right. Nobody is ripped and has a high BMI.
No it doesn't, bmi only goes by height and weight.
I guess my friends and are I that grew up playing football are just anomalies. I don't think the numbers you cite are rare for football players (non-linemen), especially at the college and pro levels.
Protip: If you don't want your employer seeing it, don't do it on the employer's network. Bonus protip: Don't meet your weedman in the police parking lot. Both tips are quite similar.
Sure, but if you're an employee doing this, you're going to no longer be an employee.
Do any of you actually research into *why* certain foods ever became subsidized before you open your mouths?
Corn can be a fruit, a vegetable, and/or a grain, depending on it's variety and growth stage; and depending on what part of the plant you are referring to. Just one example of the arguments for all three. http://empirezone.blogs.nytimes.com/2007/06/11/corn-vegetable-fruit-or-grain/?_r=0
And something like 80% of more of those "farm subsidies" are for the food stamp program.
We do subsidize demand. Something like 80% of "farm subsidies" go to the USDA food stamp program. http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/wonkblog/wp/2013/07/10/is-it-time-for-food-stamps-to-come-out-of-the-farm-bill/ I wish more people knew what they were talking about before criticizing that which they are ignorant of.
Except a hurricane you know it's coming days in advance.
Yeah, I've only ever worked in one of those categories you listed so I don't know any different. We've got lots of countermeasures in place to stop your attack there at various points but I'm sure in 95%+ networks your methods would be successful. I'm not sure what you're getting at concerning the DNS queries though.
&gt;No one calls those farm subsidies, they are just in a farm Bill. Bullshit, 99.9% of people referring to the farm subsidies are referring to the total farm bill, and are ignorant of what's actually in it. &gt;I never said we didnt subsidize demand, I advocated subsidizing demand instead of supply. Of course. Please do explain then, why you would advocate for subsidizing demand if you already knew we subsidized demand? &gt;Thus more food stamps, and similar programs for nations with hunger issues. *More* food stamps? It's almost as if you ignored the part where food stamps are the single biggest expense, by far, in the farm bill. How fucking ironic. &gt; My point was supply side subsidies were bad Ok, then prove your point. Because you haven't yet. &gt;You were the one who spoke out of your ass. TIL coming in here with "facts" and "citations" equals speaking out of my ass. We can only pray I will ever correct the err in my ways.
Ok, I didn't know what you were referring to there initially. Yes, you can use DNS as a covert channel.
My biggest problem is the search function only provides links to conversations that happened *in the past*. Many times the OP is in search of current answers.
It wasn't this way until recently. There's no use making fun of a car that has 300+ hp, I don't care if it's a 4 cylinder or a fucking go kart at this point.
I look at them like the old eclipse.
Huh, I guess I don't really pay attention to it until the national news forces me too. I just find it strange when people think they can compare a hurricane to a tornado.
My mom always said "I'm your mom, not your friend".
What's different about the southeast than the rest of the US that justifies putting a trash can in the bedroom?
Not in the metal can you don't.
There is. Now all we get is politicians who are already personally rich.
Fuck yeah! Now nobody can compete with the wealthy candidates like Donald Trump!
Yeah, people should totally just assume you're having problems!
I don't understand why we're encouraging shaming of people who are just being friendly?
Trades: A viable alternative to college.
dafuq? People have both of them but don't understand them?
Don't forget to simply define for them what an asset is and what a liability is. Such a simple concept. Asset puts money in your pocket, liability takes money out. Your new Jordans, Xbox One, car. All liabilities.
I'm sorry but this is absolutely idiotic. Even in the midwest $38k is not a lot of money. You're setting yourself up for failure and disappointment.
Yeah, they're quite different, that was my point. At least with a hurricane you have plenty of advance warning in order to GTFO.
Nope. Do some real research on how these subsidies came into existence. In addition, do some research how biofuels are made. And 80% of farm subsidies go directly to food stamps.
I'll have to look into how to do that. I've been working on doing more repairs as time goes on. I was thinking about junking it soon but I guess if it's something easy like that then I'll hang on to it.
Research how subsidies came to be. They haven't been around forever, so why do we have them now? Also understand how ethanol is made from corn, and what type of corn is used for it, and what parts of the corn are used for it. What would be done with this corn otherwise? Everything is so much more complex than you appear to understand. http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/wonkblog/wp/2013/07/10/is-it-time-for-food-stamps-to-come-out-of-the-farm-bill/
My God, totally forgot about that one.
Are you a cradle robber?
That's what I figured. Everyone wants to make it more complicated than that.
I'm clueless as to why you say this. Perhaps I'm just too young.
If animals eat the corn, and then we eat the animals, does that count as food?
That's because Kroger is expensive too. Eye opening news I know.
My favorite is when people want grass fed ribeye. That's how you know someone is an idiot. The same with ordering ribeye well done.
Depends where you live of course. When I was out east, Kroger and Safeway and Giant were expensive. Here in Omaha we have Baker's (Kroger) which is expensive here too. But we have a place called Hy-Vee which is based out of Iowa, and it's super affordable and yet has all the benefits of the other more expensive places. Hy-Vee seriously kicks the shit out of any other place I've been to. We also have Super Wal-Marts and Targets with groceries that are competitive too. The Wal-Marts here are nice, clean, and well-kept. I had always wondered why they had a bad reputation, but after traveling to some other parts of the country I understand.
Thanks. I found an eric the car guy video for it, I'll start there. Someone else suggested a thermostat, I should check that too.
Which came first, corn as feed, or corn subsidies? Additionally, we should gain some knowledge on additional reasons to feed corn to cattle. Here in Nebraska, we're proud of our "corn fed beef". Contrary to ignorant belief, cattle are not fed corn their entire lives. Most cattle graze for most of their lives, and are sent to a feed lot to be finished on corn before slaughter. Finishing on corn adds additional marbling, aka flavor, which is exactly what customers want in their beef. In fact, a basic education in the USDA grading system tells us that more marbling results in a higher grade of beef. It's a win win. Corn is an affordable cattle feed and also results better tasting, higher grade beef. And no, corn as feed isn't "more profitable", because the savings are passed on to the consumer.
&gt;Direct injection is great for fuel economy but terrible for carbon buildup. Right. I'm looking at getting a 2016 tacoma and I was surprised when they announced that the engine would have both port and direct injection. I thought surely they must know what they're doing...and this is why. Direct injection for when it's needed but port injection too deal with the carbon buildup. I will never buy anything other than a Toyota or Honda from now on.
Some good templates for some of these are available here: https://www.sans.org/security-resources/policies/ /u/Rehendril
Judges are infallible I guess.
They're all on the same team aren't they? I don't see a difference at this point.
You guys act like the entire justice system is flawless. You're so busy defending your profession that you'll never admit that maybe some things should be improved.
Again, don't buy from companies that don't voluntarily label.
You're now demanding that people respect the Stanford band which does nothing but make fun of everyone?
What if you understand it and still find it childish? This is what I'd expect a bunch on unsupervised 5th graders to come up with.
So because its accurate it's acceptable? Can we start joking about black on black crime and low iq now?
But that's too obvious. I thought you said they were doing next level stuff.
That doesn't make it an less classless. I'm surprised that any institution of upper education would allow such a group to repeatedly tarnish it's name. What an embarrassment.
That's the biggest thing to me. If the Iowa band did this the Stanford band would suddenly and loudly show their hypocrisy. Nevermind iowa being one of the first states to legalize gay marriage.
You could have just as easily moved to Omaha or Des Moines or some other locale with greater potential elsewhere along the way as you did to Detroit, unless you're staying with friends and family or some other circumstances. Good luck on your bootcamp. I just question the logic.
&gt;What if I can only afford the cheapest available? Then you can't afford to be too picky then, can you? Beggars can't be choosers. Ever heard that one? You're already misinformed if you think there's any reason you need to be choosing organic. Don't worry, I hear where you're coming from. I'd love to have a brand new subaru wrx sti but I guess my tastes are simply too expensive compared to my bank account. &gt;Capitalism doesn't fix everything. I just explained to you how capitalism solves the problem. If consumers demand the information, a company that wants the money from those consumers will voluntarily label to get their dollars. I could understand moreso if this was a case where there were severe consequences for choosing meats from different countries, such as meat containing lead or something ridiculous, but that's not the case here at all. You're just demanding regulation for your own feelings, regulation that really doesn't meet any need at all. I totally support country origin labeling, but I disagree in forcing it via law for the same reason I'm against forcing GMO labeling via law. You know all those packages that say contains no-gmo's on them? That's voluntary labeling. That's the market, capitalistic solution at play and it works. The ignorant brainwashed dumbasses who think GMO's are bad for them can freely give their dollars to the companies who want to put that information on the box. Do the same for country of origin labeling.
Did I claim driving was a right? &gt;That reasonable suspicion is driving on a holiday associated with drinking past a certain time through a marked and announced checkpoint on a public road. Source? &gt;You should specifically appeal to the 4th Amendment (and still be incorrect) Is that incorrect? According to what? Michigan Department of State Police v. Sitz? What about Delaware v. Prouse? Basically all they said was the 4th amendment isn't an issue in the Sitz case because drunk driving is a significant problem. That's one of a hell of a slippery slope there. The 4th amendment no longer applies once some type of activity becomes some level of a public problem? In Delaware v Prouse, unlicensed driving isn't as big of a societal problem so now random checkpoints to check for this issue aren't enough to warrant violation the 4th amendment. &gt;Instead I suppose you could say it's unreasonable to seize someone, even briefly, to see if they're following the rules to which they agreed in order to be licensed to drive on public roads. Yep, just like Delaware v Prouse determined.
I'm totally cool with my tax dollars going to birth control as well. But not planned parenthood.
Wait, we're literally giving away guns now? Where do I sign up?
So if I make a million and spend $450k a year on housing what assistance do I qualify for?
So why do employees voluntarily do exactly that so often?
The problem with this logic is the assumption that even the worst employees provide enough value to justify being paid such an amount.
Handplanting rows of corn. Old jobs are replaced and new jobs are created.
Isn't this why we have tax payer supported libraries and free grade school education?
I believe you may find yourself uninformed on the first part of your comment but best of luck to you.
&gt;No, you vaguely appealed, as I read it. I specified that. I apologize if I mistook what you were claiming. The right I was referring to was the right to not be unreasonably searched just for driving down the wrong street at the wrong time. The entire point of the 4th amendment. &gt;Source that they're announced? No. Source for: &gt;That reasonable suspicion is driving on a holiday associated with drinking past a certain time through a marked and announced checkpoint on a public road. . &gt;Despite finding that roadblocks did meet the Fourth Amendment’s definition of an unreasonable seizure So then I was in fact correct when you claimed: &gt;You should specifically appeal to the 4th Amendment (and still be incorrect) . and yet throughout this entire comment section, cops are completely 100% justifying the use of checkpoints as if they aren't at all questionable and anyone who might have a problem with checkpoints are to be held in the same regard as those who deny the legitimacy of the government's authority over them. &gt; I'm not sure what point you're making here. Sorry, that was poorly worded on my part. &gt;The Supreme Court determined it's a state's right. But it wouldn't be a state's right if we focused on the fact that "Despite finding that roadblocks did meet the Fourth Amendment’s definition of an unreasonable seizure", since state's are not allowed to trump the federal constitution. Maybe now perhaps you can understand why checkpoints piss me the fuck off. SCOTUS itself said they're a violation of the 4th amendment but basically finished it with "too bad, so sad". The founders would be fucking pissed if they knew their constitution and the bill of rights were so twisted now. I visit this sub because of my interest in the law and it's horrifying to find so many folks who are supposed to be just and moral who hold such contempt for the regular American citizen. It seems that the constitution is nothing but an annoyance for some LEO's. I find little reason to believe otherwise as I peruse this sub on a regular basis.
If you hold the opinion that most people are victims of something or another, we will likely disagree on quite a bit.
Not bad at all, very similar situation here. Real estate is probably cheaper in Detroit than Omaha, but Omaha is by no means bad at all. If you ever want a change you should consider us here a little further south.
&gt;I disagree because I think it leads to a society where people with money are the only ones who really get transparency. How so? With what I proposed, everyone would be affected equally. Perhaps you're assuming that only the more expensive products will include country of origin labeling but I'm not sure that there's any factual basis for making such an assumption. I don't hold my stance to "favor the rich" or anything, I simply don't see the need to require labels by law and you've done nothing to convince me why such a need exists beyond the generic argument that they should have to give more information about what they're selling. What do you personally gain by knowing which country your meat comes from? I'm sure we disagree overall, but I'd be interested to hear your answers to my questions although I'm not sure you have answers. In that case, maybe you can see where I'm coming from in that there's little to no reason to justify a federal law for something you can't justify.
Here on reddit, whenever I hear "women's health" or "women's rights" or "accessible birth control" I just assume the other person is talking specifically about federal funding of planned parenthood. In turn, the other person always assumes that since I'm against specifically the federal tax dollar funding of a non-government organization named planned parenthood, that I also hate women and I'm a religious fundamentalist that is against birth control.
Abortion isn't a needed service.
&gt;By your simplistic claims, we should be able to raise the minimum wage to any height, and have no ill effects. Do you really claim that is true? If not, at what point do you think what bad effects would happen, and why do those not happen at each increase?
How? The government doesn't let regular guys like /u/Frostiken access NICS to do so. Why isn't Obama giving us NICS access as part of his executive order?
What makes him a sleazeball?
It's still happening now.
Exactly. And all the extra costs that go into women's health, but women don't pay more than men do for healthcare because that's unfair. But it's totally fair that women pay less for auto insurance because they are safer drivers.
Plus the wolves can kill cattle, costing thousands to farmers and ranchers for each livestock that is taken by wolves. I don't see how people are arguing that there's any benefit to introducing more wolves.
What misinformation? Wolves kill deer and livestock and cost farmers and ranchers thousands of dollars while concurrently leaving less deer for hunters.
I've never heard of anyone doing this. Are you against private gun sales? I can't understand how allowing private access to NICS isn't supported by both sides of the issue.
Wow, I expect better journalism from popular science. It's just a bunch of name calling and finger pointing. Writing like this isn't going to convince anyone to switch sides.
&gt;and not having people around to help you out or protect you if someone wanted to hurt you or steal your things Maybe you understand now why people in rural areas are pro-gun? &gt;there are still places that can still be like the Wild West in a way. That's an exaggeration. These aren't lawless areas.
&gt;and not so many neighbors to pitch in if you need it Quality &gt; Quantity. I'll take 1-3 neighbors who would help with a phone call over having a heart attack in the middle of NYC and everyone getting the bystander effect.
Can anyone explain why this has so many downvotes?
&gt;Shots were fired, and the sheriff came to investigate. Yeah, because that's certainly the norm.
You know this because of your ONE SINGLE anecdote.
&gt;Does that include things like concealed-carry Yes &gt;and the people that argue that fully automatic weapons should be legal Haven't seen many people argue for that, but that's not for personal defense or hunting, that's for resistance to tyranny. &gt;Need some gasoline refined from crude oil? Got a neighbour for that. Need some oil for your engine? Got a neighbour for that. Need some propane for heating? Got a neighbour for that. /s So edgy.
Good point.
Look up guys like Colion Noir. If you think the NRA is racist you're misinformed.
Explain why I should spend more money on meat and what concerns I should have with country of origin assuming it passes USDA inspection and is correctly graded?
&gt;A: it tastes leaps and bounds better. It isn't comparable, it is that much better. An improvable assertion. &gt;It is only high quality product. That's what the USDA grading system is for. &gt;You know exactly what you are getting every single time. I know what I'm getting at the grocery store too. &gt;If you ever have a question (what cut do I need to cook x?), you have a well trained expert answering instead of some random stranger in a supermarket. You guys are seriously deprived by your grocery stores. You need a hy-vee or a fareway or something.
I have no problem with those services. I have a problem with abortion, and I have a problem with a private organization like planned parenthood receiving a shitload of tax dollars.
Who is taking your choice away?
I live in an urban area. There are murders or at least gunfire on a daily basis in one part of my city. Can't say the same, not even close, for the small towns out west.
Does the USDA not inspect meat that comes over from China?
Most honest commie I've ever come across.
Which small towns have gun crime problems regardless of root cause?
Sounds like you all should be upset with the WTO more than congress.
If they weren't doing an adequate job, I'd think we'd hear about food poisoning and the like more often.
Why did congress repeal the law?
&gt;The USDA doesn't have the resources to do a thorough, consistent job. How can you prove this statement? It's pretty rare to hear about any food safety problems, and when they do occur they are dealt with swiftly and accurately. Seems to be working.
The site isn't obscure at all.
In what way, specifically, are rural areas like the wild west?
I remember seeing the commercials for that and wanting it so bad.
K.
&gt;As a country we should be funding life saving medical procedures. I agree, folks should be researching life saving medical procedures. It's too bad that instead we're funding procedures that take lives. &gt;Planned Parenthood wouldn't be able to pay their basic bills to stay open so the funds used for abortion would become irrelevant. So you admit then that the taxpayer dollars help provide abortions. Thank you. Why do not promote birth control instead of abortion? It's 2016, we have many, many good preventative options to choose from that are much better alternatives and get rid of the "death sentence" risk you speak of.
&gt;Planned Parenthood saves countless lives with the other services they provide. Great, let them do that, and privately funded. Sounds good to me. &gt;lso who do you think is going, "oh I don't feel like using a condom I'll just get an abortion later." Seems like a lot of people here on reddit have that exact mindset. I'd love to think otherwise but this site has made my cynical. People sure fight awfully hard to keep something so widely available and easily accessible which they themselves claim should be a "rare" procedure. &gt;People make mistakes And should deal with them. &gt;sometimes birth control just fails despite perfect use Isn't the pill 99.99% effective? What percentage of abortions are due to failed birth control? &gt;My friend was on the pill when she got pregnant. If I believed it every time i heard this claim, I'd have to believe the pill was less than 50% effective.
&gt;The pill is 80-90% effective with typical use Where does the 99.9% rate come from that I see so often in the commercials and online? &gt;getting an abortion is dealing with the consequences of one's actions. ...Or, ya know, having the child. &gt;You think permanent disfigurement or death is a proper punishment for forgetting to take a pill on time? You think death of the child is proper punishment for a mistake of the parent? &gt;Also why are you so hell bent on punishing women for having sex lol. Where did I say that? I like sex. &gt;The UN classifies forcing a woman to carry a pregnancy to term as a form of torture, something that should never be acceptable in any country let alone a first world country. Rape is the only way you can force a woman to get pregnant against her will. I'm certainly against rape. &gt;deserved to die because she had sex and was unlucky enough to get pregnant from it? I didn't say she deserved to die. Now why do you think her child deserves to die? If it was my wife, she'd have the kid instead of wanting an abortion. I'd assume my daughter would do the same. &gt;If your 17 year old daughter died in childbirth would you stand up at her funeral and say she deserved it, that she had to deal with the consequences of her actions? I wouldn't condemn her for anything. But I would be very disappointed if she chose abortion. You haven't yet it made it clear if your friend wanted an abortion and didn't get one, and then ironically died during childbirth; or if your friend was going through the full pregnancy without any plans to get an abortion and then died during childbirth. I would support abortion only in cases of rape or safety of the mother. I don't support abortion because you suck at birth control, or because it's simply an inconvenience to you to have a child.
&gt;The "child" deserves to die because is causing physical harm to the mother. Yeah, I'm gonna disagree there. &gt;You said women need to deal with the consequences of their actions (having sex) that means you want women to be punished for having sex. Having a child isn't a punishment. &gt;Consenting to sex =/= consenting to getting pregnant Disagree in general. Obviously there is a risk of pregnancy involved. You may not consent to pregnancy, but you have to consent to the chance that a pregnancy may occur. That's the risk you take. Here in the real world, choices have consequences, and those consequences can be unintended and unwanted. Too bad. &gt;also consent can be revoked at any time which means even if a woman gets pregnant on purpose she has the right to change her mind LOL. Fucking no. I'm not sure we could possibly disagree any more on this. Frankly, there's nothing at all you could say that would convince me that killing your own children is ever ok. Your justification for such is embarrassing. Why you care so strongly about the mother's rights but not the child's rights is a mystery to me. Perhaps it is only a means to the end for you. You want access to abortion, therefore you are willing to ignore the rights and life of the child for your own convenience. It's 2016. Science has given us amazing birth control solutions. Use them. What hell do you speak of? You think God will put someone in hell for trying to save the life of an unborn child? There's nothing in the Bible that would support your claim. &gt;She then died in childbirth when she started bleeding out. That's not the fault of the parents. It's unfortunate, but it's certainly not their fault. The risk of childbirth and the availability of abortion are two separate issues anyways.
Most of us would be put in jail and have to post bail to return to work while waiting for trial. That's assuming we don't lose our jobs immediately.
Because their state doesn't have a waiting period. Most states don't as far as I'm aware.
Most gun show dealers are FFL's so the same process would apply. The same-day purchase or wait to purchase depends on the state law. Private gun transfers from individual to individual don't and *can't* require a background check because the government doesn't allow individuals to access NICS to perform the check in the first place.
The law says you can't sell to a known felon or someone whom you know or suspect otherwise may not be permitted to purchase a gun. The only way to know for sure is to do the sale through an FFL. It's too bad the feds won't let us access NICS for private gun sales. Every private sale I've done has required the county handgun purchase permit or state CCW permit, both of which prove the person passed a background check.
They're referring to their God given right to self defense. The gun is just the tool used.
TIL we have a God given right to sudafed.
But dat's sexist!
And 1500+ other people upvoted it.
We acknowledge that it's a problem. But background checks on *legal gun owners* isn't the solution. The people killing each other don't buy guns legally. Crazy, I know. You know what's already illegal, and is a good gun safety law? Straw purchasing is illegal. They should throw the book at people who straw purchase guns. But no, they don't. Here in Omaha a cop was killed last year and the straw purchaser was given a year of PROBATION. That's part of the fucking problem right there. This is why gun advocates say we need to enforce the laws we already have on the books. So don't sit here and act like we "need to do something" as if we aren't doing anything already. We just need to do what we're already doing...but actually fucking do it.
So give private citizens access to NICS so they can run background checks for private sales. There's you solution. Why don't you see any politicians or even other citizens pushing for such an easy solution?
Do you know what deterrence means? By simply having a gun and nothing more, it serves as a deterrent. There's one example of using a gun without even taking it out of the safe.
So just because we're seizing less math labs means there are less meth labs to seize? Correct me if I'm wrong.
Go back to huffpo.
Vehicle ownership is not guaranteed by our constitution.
This is identical to, at least where I live, you can go to the county and get a background check and a gun purchase permit. Then you just show the permit whenever you want to buy a gun to avoid running another background check. The same goes for showing a concealed carry permit. But now the government knows I own or am at least seeking to own a gun. A lot of people are not ok with this.
The problem with background checks is that they don't actually solve any problem. You're just confirming that a law abiding citizen is still law abiding. I'm not necessarily against them, but I'm not disillusioned by their effectiveness of actually solving any problem at all. &gt;I just never understood how people could claim a background check in and of itself was unconstitutional and violated rights to own a gun. Would you be in favor of instituting a similar check or training test before someone can practice their 1st, 4th, or 5th amendment rights? How about before voting? I doubt it. There's a difference between a right and a privilege. Gun ownership is a right.
&gt;They keep people who legally should not (felons, violent criminals, and people on probation) from buying then and I have no problem with that. But they don't do that at all.
Let em. They can give up theirs if they want, but don't drag me down with em.
Where's the mass of law abiding gun owners committing gun violence?
Because those suicides would never have been carried out without access to guns, right?
NICS is literally a form on the internet. Fail on your part.
But everybody likes when somebody else is paying taxes.
&gt;Background checks in theory prevent known criminals from getting guns. It only stops them from buying guns legally from a business or responsible gun seller. It does nothing to stop them from buying guns on the black market or from straw purchasers who break the law themselves. You might as well say that prohibition works. We don't know if background checks work because we haven't tried background checks?
Sure it does. If you know 50% of the households in your city, county, or state have guns, are you going to risk your life finding out if this one particular house has one or not? I don't think you know what deterrence means.
I clearly stated the problem above. The government won't let private citizens access NICS to they can run background checks for private gun sales.
Background checks work a very, very tiny percentage of the time. It would not be possible to get the data to see how many people try to buy a gun legally, are denied by NICS, and then acquire a gun illegally via straw purchaser, on the blackmarket, or from an innocent gun owner unknowingly selling to someone they shouldn't be.
&gt;Yes, though this is historically difficult to nail down because of the high number of factors that contribute to incidence of suicide, many of which have cultural or geographic components that make international comparisons challenging. Right, so convince me that the availability of guns actually increases the instances of successful suicides. Show me the research? Even if what you said is demonstrably and unarguably true, it can only be used to argue that we should restrict gun access from suicidal individuals and nothing more. Which sounds good in theory, but in reality, who gets to decide who we take the guns from?
Now imagine how much the politicians aren't reading before they vote yay.
The us constitution has within it a process for changing it. We just can't agree on enough to make any changes.
This is what I always ask. Why is the ROE in a fricking war zone against ENEMY COMBATANTS more strict than the police ROE when dealing with AMERICAN CITIZENS?
There should be so such thing as a union for public employees. You work for the people.
If cops call us civilians as if they themselves are non-civilians, then they should be held to the UCMJ as if they are truly non-civilians.
Right. I love how we treat enemy combatants with more restraint than we do our own american citizens.
WHAT THE FUCK. Seriously. As a gun owner and CCW holder, WHAT THE FUCK. This is my fuckin nightmare.
Bystanders can be bribed to be witnesses in favor of the cops.
Well, they're right. It's still someone driving like a douche.
That's a gamble I'm not willing to take. They aren't there to bake me cookies and sing me a song. What would a cop do? They'd light em up without even thinking twice.
