Checked the account history on several of those posts. not one over a year old, but interestingly enough the highest upvoted one has posted to /r/gonewild often. That must be a fun day at the office.
Except for real firefights are nothing like that.
Probably something along the lines of "Well it's your job, I delegated to you, so take care of it"
Where do you go that gives Jim Bean citywide for $3? You must be going to one of the fancy $5 bars. Usually the $3 bars are like Old Grandad and what ever beer they can find that is cheaper than PBR.
I'm ok with the FBI having planes. I can see lots of scenarios where it's useful. I don't understand the secrecy outside of a sting operation?
Oh that's right that hotel incident. Probably nothing will happen then other than a small sound bite on the CNN. Everyone has moved on so I doubt anyone cares about OJ.
There is a big difference between anti-vaxers and anti-GMO's in my mind. Vaxers have a huge amount of studies and clinical research to show that they are safe over the years. We can definitively prove that over 20 years vaccines are safe and effective with no long term side effects. They chose to willfully ignore scientific evidence. GMO's do not have that same body of research behind them and there are still huge gaps in our knowledge of genetics and how DNA is actually expressed in the cell. What they are doing is changing the geneotype of an organism, we do not know all the details of how that changes the phenotype of the cell. For example, what if a random mutation to a gene three chromosomes over changes the protein expression of our modified gene and suddenly what was a healthy cell is now producing a mild toxin. It may only have a 0.0001% chance of happening, but it's still something we should identify from a scientific standpoint. The problem is we have a general lack of scientific evidence from independent sources. Essentially anyone really educated in the area should see that GMO's are *probably* safe, but we just don't have the volumes of scientific data to back that up. Also, if you look into the funding climate for this research, their is a huge squeeze in public funding for GMO's and because of the anti-GMO lobby the cost associated with research is going up. So now the only people who can afford to do the research are the ones creating the organisms in the first place. **That** is why I'm nervous about GMO's. We need ongoing continual research into the long term effects of GMO's on the public health. The funding should come from public entities so that we have unbiased research into the long term health. Currently the only people who are doing the studies to say it's safe are the corporations who are creating these, and they do not have an incentive to continue research on the long term effects. Odds are it's safe, but we need continual research to ensure it's safe over the long road. The last thing we want is to find out 50 years later that Asbestos actually does cause cancer. The anti-GMO lobby took these legitimate scientific concerns and just ran with it...but the reality is there is some truth to their underlining concerns even if they can't express it. tl;dr: It's not the GMO's themselves, it's the funding climate around the scientific research into GMO's.
Honestly, it's probably a just google thing. Most likely the relevant articles use present tense and are indexed as "improves". It's not really correcting your grammar, but noticing that relevant articles use a different phrasing so when your results turned up so low they offer another suggestion to improve your results. It's kind of like how when you google "Jew" for a long time the top link was to an anti-semite website.
Found this [gem](http://i.imgur.com/qlBxfDi.jpg) in his comment history (NSFW).
Just to suggest /r/hvac may be able to help.
Learn from my experience....always wear gloves when dealing with spray foam.
And a lot of people calling him out for it too.
If we could trade him for a 7th rounder I think they would. His contract makes him currently untradeable.
Honestly, I don't think the ban would stand long for just violence. It would probably follow the same path as most other attempts to ban 'violent video games'. It makes a big splash in the news, a few politicians get on the popular side of the issue and push through a few laws that then eventually either gets thrown out in court or eventually becomes meaningless. Really, most games and game companies would just continue on as usual. Now if they made "GTA: Sexual Preditor" you might have some real repercussions, but I don't see that happening for just violence.
Which doesn't work in the long run because it eventually turns into stop and frisk laws.
Doesn't have to be justice worthy to be a good read :). Sucks you didn't get your back rent, but courts tend to side with the tenants a lot for some reason. Just be glad they are gone and move on.
But several of the links are missing. The first one I noticed was bleedinggreennation.
&gt; And this is one of the reasons why people of all colors, especially white, don't want African Americans around them in the workplace. They are always seeking out racists, or anyone else who "dissed" them, and turn them into racists. So you don't want to work with black people because you are worried they make take offense to things you say? Hmm...I wonder why.
First sentence of the ~~article~~blog post: &gt; ...sometimes police brutality is justified Stopped right there. That's not 'poorly worded'...that's just a bad mentality. Went ahead and read the post. That's a whole lot of justification on why the police were called in the first place. No one is arguing that the crowd shouldn't have been their or the police shouldn't have been called, that's not what is at issue here. The post is trying to get me to be angry at the teens so I would look more favorably on the officers actions. The cops were called to deescalate the situation. We can argue the minutia on if he was justified in pulling his gun, or other specific action....but really that is irrelevant to the fundamental point. That officer lost his cool, acted unprofessional, and should be punished accordingly. That could be a slap on the wrist, or being outright fired....that is really up to his department to decide. Edit: words
I wouldn't...just comes off as passive aggressive which you never want to be towards your staff.
&gt; There is no minutia, someone steps to you aggressively, you react. The gun pull is just the focal point of the entire encounter, and when it comes to officer safety I'll give him the benefit of the doubt. During the entire portion that was caught on video I didn't see him do anything *illegal*, but that doesn't mean he made the right decision. &gt; Also, would you care to explain how you arrest and entire block of near rioting teenagers, fleeing suspects, and violent malcontents by your self, using an inside voice and kind words? Near rioting? Vilolent malcontents? Hyperbole much? Why don't we ask the other **11** cops who responded and didn't get filmed. By all accounts of those who were there, this was the only guy running around like that.
Take her to city hall and dump her in Mosby's office so they can experience first hand what not having good mental health services for your citizens looks like.
Put pressure on your Union to advocate for real mental health services for your community. It sounds like you are just as frustrated at a broken system as everyone else. I don't think it's fair that you have to clean up the mess and then take the blame when that girl doesn't get the help she needs.
Ahh...the golden triangle. Gotta love it.
/r/withrice
I grew up in ~~Texaco~~Beaumont.
"Why can't he feel my beatings of justice".....ROFL
Hence the "worth it to fix" comment? lol Sorry to tell you dude, your probably screwed.
That doesn't sound unreasonable. PEX materials are cheap, but running the lines can be a PITA with drywall already up. A lot of it depends on the layout of your house. You can ask him to take the wall patches off the quote to save a little money. 2k for a main line sounds about right depending on how far it is and how deep they have to dig. Just because you replace your water lines does not mean you are required to replace the drain. If it's not backing up or leaking you probably don't have to do anything, but if you are that worried about it get a plumber to run a camera through your trap to take a look.
Agree, this sounds like the lazy way out.
I don't think he's a malcontent. Just has a very aggressive agent and Chip doesn't play that game.
Who are we trying to protect, the kids, or the companies who have contracts with the state.
This post feels like your trying to start a circlejerk about grammar. Therefor I thought I will add another meaningless comment that will probably only be seen by 5 people.
Don't judge by that alone. Things like caffeine will make your kidneys work harder and your urine may be clear but your actually dehydrated. Drink a glass of water after every coke/coffee/caffeinated beverage and make sure to drink a least a liter a day on top of that.
My first thought was probably along the lines of what you were thinking. **UNTIL** they called an ambulance and the driver did not stop for the ambulance. I mean really we have a medical emergency that requires 911 and the driver keeps on going? Assuming everything is accurate that is a POS driver.
If your a real pro in south-philly parking you'll learn the PPA schedules and move your car before their shift starts.
You know I was going to dismiss this at first, but after reading what he actually said he might have a point. At least it's food for thought.
Atoms, given enough time, will eventually ponder the meaning of their existence.
Read the books...there are still things coming that provide plenty of oh shit moments. Assuming the series doesn't fuck it up too bad or they change the plot massively.
So we farm from the Texans, use them for a while, and give them to the Colts when we are done. I'm actually OK with that.
Amtrak shows trains that take 1-1.5 hours.
Septa, I'm only a couple of stops away, usually 10 minuets if I hit the train right.
FYI, my wife has a couple of people is in her lab at Temple that commute in from NY.
Didn't know that, will avoid the ripoff. Thanks!
Good luck and hope everything works out. Any thoughts on getting some private coaches to help with your game?
I didn't really consider the weather. Good point thanks.
What did you do to piss of Jordan Matthews that he wanted to kill you?
No because giving to panhandlers just contributes to the problem. If you really want to do something for the homeless then donate to a homeless shelter, food kitchen or a thrift shop charity. Doing that will go much further than giving to someone on the side of the street, and you will know for sure that it's going exactly where it's needed and not a drug habit.
Fair enough. Marie Curie is my usual go-to woman for science/tech but she's French and this was American. Earhart was the first one who I could think of that had some name recognition. Margret Knight is probably a better example but not as well known. I also have a personal favorite in Hedy Lamarr, as her invention eventually lead to cell phone technology and radio encryption, but I don't think it could meet the criteria.
huh? *scratches head*. I think we need pics.
That's more of a list of the top 18 most mentioned players. Everyone is replaceable.
It annoys me to no end that a large part of the green lobby wants to demonize nuclear. Wind/solar can play a huge part in a clean energy grid, but you have to have some sort of stable base load in order to keep the grid working. Wind and Solar just aren't technologically able to get there yet, our hydro/geothermal is pretty much all tapped out and tidal is still in it's infancy. As long as the uranium is mined in a responsible manner nuclear, and we have the political will to actually solve our waste problem nuclear is the perfect clean energy solution to provide the baseline load we need. The only thing that should take nuclear off the table is if they managed to get room temperature superconductors to work.
I know, this got wedged between a couple of /r/news threads and I panicked. Needless to say, this would be very very bad. Would absolutely spark a regional war, and depending on Western interventions maybe even spark WW3.
Good ownership, big market, franchise QB already in place. Personally I think NY would be over the Colts.
Because [insert over simplified reason here].
They will rally a half dozen people to their cause and call it success.
You also need to count in how much the cap is going to go up this year. We should have enough room to pay Bradford and keep a few of our nice toys. A lot of it is going to depend on what our new DC will do. I have a suspicion that Curry might be on the chopping block.
My concern quickly vanishes once I realized this is just a letter from a congressman trying to stir shit up with no facts to base them on.
He might not be subscribed to /r/worstof. I don't think you were being intentional, but I kind of see his point. Saying "They aren't my type" vs. "They aren't my type because they are black" has two different connotation and could be construed as racist(at least for internet text where body language/context isn't available).
To the writers who are trolling this sub for content. I have Sirius and will never look back. Also, fuck off and do some real journalism.
First amendment only covers legal issues. It doesn't cover employment issues. If you called your boss a fucking idiot to his face you wouldn't go to jail, but you would get fired. Being a tenured professor it's a little trickier because tenure is supposed to protect you from having opinions counter to popular opinion. However, it's not a blanket protection and can still result in you getting fired, but a loophole just gets the job done faster.
Fortunately math and physics are both universal. If we were to find an intelligent life forms arithmetic and universal constants can be used to relay basic messages. The Voyager probe included a stellar map that any space fairing civilization would be able to read and know it's origin.
Something about all this just doesn't smell right.
Wish we could do that in the US. Westborough Baptist Church would be first on my list.
He would get impeached before it got to that point. That's significantly worse than the things Nixon did. Unless you catch them red handed with a suicide vest on this isn't going to happen. Edit: He would also lose all his democratic support. A president knows better than to use a government agency to investigate his political enemies. That would just turn us into USSR - North America.
This gives me hope.
If your going to do that at least fucking signal your intentions. Fastest way to cause a wreck.
Something tells me this will get enshrined in lyrics for his next song.
See the way his arm straitened out after the hit. That's the fencer reflex.
I think the idea is at some point it will correct itself and millennials will get the economic power currently being hoarded by the boomers. When that happens we can expect a surge in home prices, because their are so damn many of them.
Schefter speculation is not the same as Schefter reporting. His guess is as good as any's at this point.
This is one of this situations where I can't blame the cops. That father is to blame, not the cop.
The difference is we have a reason to be in the Persian gulf Iran. Iran Navy doesn't really have much reason to be near the US.
A 5 day old sub. This is clearly a hate sub that just cropped up and the admins haven't shut it down yet.
They did some solid reporting once in a while. They were biased in that they could be more critical of the US than some of the Rah Rah Rah reporting US news outlets do. In the end though, I think they were doomed to fail because Americans don't like foreigners pointing out flaws in our country for us.
Former military member here. I cringe when ever someone tells me I'm a hero. I cringe even more when someone calls themselves a hero.
I feel completely neutral about this. It seems like the safe choice and they want to go back to a Reid era #culture which worked so well for the team and the city. That being said, I'm curious to see the coach team they are going to assemble and how training camp works.
The culture in Chicago is different than the culture in South. Why is it so hard to accept that a couple of individuals aren't representative of the entire population?
If only she had a gun to protect herself. edit: /s if it wasn't obvious
Something tells me this is actually someone who is pro-Cruz trying to get out in front of the argument and settle it in court before it becomes an issue. But that may just be my tin foil hat talking.
Is there any reason you wouldn't want that possession to look like a touchdown?
I got the exact same one. First thing that went on the walls when we moved to Texas.
Unless that gate includes a 24/7 guard shack /w employee's he's lying too you.
I'm just surprised a city contractor has a Lamborghini. What kind of cushy contracts does he have?
Don't knock all of Texas politics. LBJ was from Texas.
I don't get it. You have the culprits right there with police standing buy. You know they broke federal laws and have the authority and **duty** to arrest them. Why let them walk away from the meeting? Those cops just let a known criminal walk away. How is that not dereliction of duty?
It looks like others have jumped on this thread. I'm not going to bandwagon on their post and instead just start my own. I'll say my wife actually is a Phd in Neuroscience and works in addiction research so while I may not be an expert myself it's impossible for me not to be very familiar with the subject. I will start by saying that I agree most pro-legalization arguments tend to gloss over the side effects on their path to legalization. There are dangers and risks, especially for heavy chronic use...but I believe that you are overstating them and that it's no riskier than things that are currently legal. &gt; 1a.) Marijuana is addictive, contrary to popular belief. Yes, you are absolutely correct. THC can be addictive especially if used in adolescence. Biochemically addiction is addiction and there isn't much difference between addiction to heroin, alcohol, gambling and addiction to THC. However, it's important to point out that THC doesn't directly activate the addiction pathways like say Cocaine or Tobacco. Therefor when someone says weed isn't addictive, they can be both correct and wrong at the same time. **The more appropriate thing to say would be that weed isn't any more addictive than other legally available substances.** Unfortunately, that's a little too much nuance for a political statement so instead "weed isn't addictive" is what people go with. &gt; 1b.) Lives have been destroyed by the previously stated addiction, without the involvement of legal issues. Agree, addiction destroys lives. However, you are using humans as an example who are more complex than simply blaming one item on their problems. The individuals you mentioned may have underlining issues like depression that they are self medicating with weed. There isn't much difference between addiction to alcohol to curb depression than addiction to THC. I absolutely agree we should have a focus on mental health for *all* addictions. At least you are consistent that if we keep marijuana illegal we should also make alcohol/tobacco illegal, but I disagree that a general mental health arguments should be linked to a legal policy of prohibition. &gt; 2.) Extremely slow cognitive function Unfortunately we don't have a lot of studies on the long term effects of THC because the schedule 1 classification of THC makes it very difficult to actually study. The intelligence argument is kind of tough to make. A better argument to make your case would be that long term chronic use of THC has a negative effect on short term memory. So yes, anyone who says there isn't long term side effects to chronic abuse of marijuana isn't telling the truth. However, if we are going to make that statement then it's also important to ensure we are dealing with *chronic* use which doesn't necessarily relate to general recreational use. However, once again from a legal policy standpoint it's hard to argue that these side effects are any worse than other legally allowed substances. Long term alcohol use leads to psoriasis and long term tobacco use leads to cancer. Yet both of those other substances are legally allowed to be abused. Once again, a more appropriate pro-legalization point would be the long term effects of marijuana are no worse than other legally allowed substances. &gt; I think our discussion of whether we should or should not legalize marijuana (recreational usage) is being talked about incorrectly. I don't think the current discussions are necessarily incorrect, but the nuances of the debate are generally lost in our sound bite media and typical pro-legalization person. The points you raise are good ones, but I don't believe they support continued prohibition. I'll see if I can answer your questions: &gt; Is it ethical to allow an easier access to marijuana for anyone (over the limitation, which I believe is usually 21+) I would say it's just as ethical to allow marijuana as it is to allow alcohol. It's pretty much universally agreed that you should be 21+ to legally purchase weed for good reasons. The counter argument is that if it became more readily available that kids would have easier access to weed and therefor be more likely to abuse it. This assumes, however, that weed isn't already available to kids just in school which is a naive standpoint, and examination of the data in Colorado showed that their hasn't been an increase in underage smoking. &gt; If we DO legalize marijuana for recreational use, can we put up safe-guards to minimize addiction and destructive behavior from happening? Yes, the same way we have safe-guards in place for tobacco and alcohol. &gt; If we DO NOT legalize marijuana for recreational use, when can we start discussing alcoholism,how rampant it is in Houston, and discover a potential fix to not only minimalism the amount of alcoholism that exists, but providing help to people trying to escape what they consider to be a harsh reality? I would LOVE to see us talking about more mental health assistance including addiction treatment. However, I have a hard time linking a general mental health debate to prohibition of a substance. We can't treat mental health through prohibition. I see where you are coming from with your points, but I think your inappropriately linking prohibition to mental health.
How well insulated is your house? When I was in DC I saw a lot of houses that didn't have good insulation in the attic/roof and all the heat escaped. Played hell you your heating bill, but it did help melt the snow off the roof.
Here's hoping he stays an Eagle for a long tome to come!
&gt; Georgia law allows police officers to be present during grand jury proceedings when they are accused of crimes in the course of their official duties and to make a statement at the end of the proceedings that the prosecution cannot question or challenge. Can I just say how fucked up that is? The entire grand jury system needs a massive overhaul.
In middle school...being a general nerd and social outcast. Moved from a very nice elementary school to a new city and middle school that had a gang problem where I knew no one and was already shy. In high school....being the poor kid. Parent's realized public school wasn't working and since we were active in the Church I was able to get a 'scholarship' to the Catholic high school...which happened to also be the only private high school in the city. So most kids I went to school with weren't really religious and were their because their rich parents could afford tuition. Wasn't really bullied(although my voice was always very tennor so I got a bunch of gay jokes but I always chalked that up to normal high school stuff), so much as left out of all the socializing with my peers. Fortunately things got much better. Once I joined the army, gained some confidence and started a great career with an amazing wife. Most kids I went to high school peaked and have done nothing with their lives, or are just working for daddy's business. But it's still irritating to me is that some of those kids will end up being considered 'successful' because they will make a lot of money, but all from working for their parents.
I don't know what I expected in the comments. Perhaps an interesting discussion on how 'blackness'is just as much of a cultural construct as it is about skin color? Instead we got some serious racism going on.
Isn't their a rule about not using the ref as a pick?
I bet this ends up being one of those things where we actually do resign Bradford and Eskin goes "See I called it, I'm an *insider*". The dude has no credibility.
That's a funny idea. Your literally going to be safer drinking aquarium water rather than tap.
I feel like once /pol figure out they could influence Reddit the racists trolls have migrated here and took over.
Awesome news. Say what you want about Chips coaching ability, but this focus on sports science was innovative. The rest of the league may have caught up to some extent, but this is something that we should really 'own' as an organization.
Banner is right in some regards. With the salary cap increases every year this contract will go from top 5 to bottom half in 3 years. However, sometimes it's more important to be in a situation where you know you can be successful long term rather than chasing the money. I think that's what Ertz is after. He knows he's getting paid but more importantly this keeps him in a stable organization where his job is not at risk.
The Iraq war really screwed us over in Afghanistan. We could have finished the job and did it right, but instead the entire focus of the middle east shifted to a false war. And yet we still have no strategy in order to actually finish the job. Rotating units out year after year ensures that we have no institutional knowledge on the ground to 'win the hearts and minds'.
Their are defiantly a bunch of Orwellian scenarios I can think of that a system like this can be used to abuse our rights. I don't think it's likely at first, but history shows once money becomes involved it's only a matter of time before it is abused. Just like small town speed traps, traffic camera contracts, and ticket quotas there are current examples where technology is being abused because of $$. This will just end up being another vector that civil liberties groups have to watch out for. However, the more disturbing thing is that the data collected from these readers becomes the property of the vendor. Advertisers and marketers will now have even more access about you and your habits...which is disturbing if you really think about it.
Because these Trolls know to ask for *just* enough that it makes fighting the patent way more expensive than just paying up. Most big companies would rather pay a pittance as 'cost of buisness' rather than get involved in a costly lengthy legal battle that they may not even win.
I've redone three kitchens with Ikea cabinets now. It's solid stuff and holds up well, but it's not immune to abuse. Although, judging from your post these are just cheaply made so I doubt it's going to be a problem for you. I use Ikea with confidence. It's just as good or better than what you will find at box stores.
You could probably get by just keeping an eye on it for a while. If their is already rust and hole it's just going to get worse, but that doesn't mean it needs to be done immediately. If the chimney is brick a trickle of water won't cause that much damage. My parents finally replaced theirs after the holes got big enough for a bird to make a nest in their.
Your on the right path, those are some huge gaps in the door. Looks like the current weather stripping is all torn up and basically gone. I'd just start with that before moving on to more drastic measures.
I hope your joking? Taliban != Al Qaeda.
It would be nice to be able to ride the bus all the way from Galveston to downtown. One can only dream....
As someone thinking about adoption posts like these make me very wary of even starting the process. The whole 'adoption is trauma' causes me a lot of concern. No, I don't expect everything to be happy and grateful that we adopted and I know that their will be issues we would have to address. But would hate to think that I would be part of a system that *traumatizes* a child. I'm really glad different perspective in the comments here. I know that not everyone's story is the same and I'm confident of in our ability to handle it. But every time I read these I can't help but think would we be doing the right thing?
ITT: Lets integrate refugees into our society, by making fun of them and mocking them.
I'm really worried that Barwin was going to be the odd man out. Planned on buying my wife his jersey this year....may have to reconsider it.
Thanks for the link. I wasn't expecting to be educated in an NFL comment section.
Risk vs. Reward. They got the leaders and organizers. They don't need to go after every foot soldier when their isn't much more to be gained. If they tried it would just serve to entrench the remaining holdouts and things would turn bloody.
That sounds painful and horribly sadistic. Sounds like a very appropriate way to make these critters die.
Why wait? Owning land instantly boosts your bachelor rating.
You might not even need an electrician for this. You don't need to be licensed to move a light, so this could be a handyman job which usually goes around ~$25/hr + materials.
Correct. It would make the job more difficult as you would have to tape/paint around the bookshelf and hope they don't splatter.
Maclin lost Maclin. He went for the money and to work for his old coach. That's one of those things I don't really blame Chip on.
&gt; There's been a lot of problems at these kinds of clinics I'm going to stop you right there. The only problems with these clinics are ones that have been manufactured to serve a political purpose. The point Planned Parenthood is making is that this is targeted legislation specifically designed to interfere with medical services. Hence it's a violation of their rights.
I could see that logic, but overall I'm happy with where our WR/RB units are.
Because as distasteful as they are they still have freedom of speech. Being able to stand on the corner and tell other people your views without fear of being assaulted is one of the fundamental expressions of free speech.
It wasn't too long ago that sticking your penis in another mans anus was a very radical thing to do and was highly illegal. Cultures change.
The saying goes, correlation does not prove causation. Yes there is a strong link between being trans and other issues such as depression. That could just as easily be explained as a social pressures to fit in or social situations that don't accept Trans people. Being gay also has a high rate of depression and suicide in young adults....are we going back to claiming that being gay is a mental illness? It's a meaningless data point for this discussion.
&gt; Transexuals kill themselves at massive rates. Correlation does not prove causation. Being gay also has a higher rate of depression and suicide. We could just as easily point to data that shows every outcast group has a higher rate of depression and suicide. That point means nothing as far as a diagnosis goes. &gt; Being a man and not having a penis, or mutilating that penis to look like a vagina, definitely isn't functioning "normally", Having sex with another man isn't 'normal' either. What we are talking about is how they function in society. Can a trans person go to the store, pay their bills, hold a job, be able to maintain social relationships with friends and partners? That is what defines a mental illness and nothing about being trans interferes with any aspect of daily life.
I was ready to get my pitchforks...but then I read the article. Title aside, there isn't much to see here.
This is no different than a judge ordering community service, and the defendant choosing to perform that service at a religious organization.
Alternatively this could just as easily be considered the equivalent to the defendant being sentenced to community service and him closing to serve that at a religious organization where all he has to do is sit there for 90 min once a week.
How is that not the equivalent of developing an anti-gay pill? If there were a pill that made someone straight would you propose we treat gay's with it? I honestly don't have an answer because these are some serious ethical considerations that are going to be resolved in Internet comments. But if the current course of action is surgery which does the least harm and most good for the patient then any rational person would chose the option that gave them the greater quality of life.
I'm actually considering Johnson as a strategic vote. I'll vote democrat for down ticket races, but not sure what I'm going to do about the presidential race. I live in Texas, and there is no way in hell any democrat will turn this state blue this election. But there is a very strong libertarian streak here in Texas and frankly it's a voice I would like to see encouraged. I really dislike the libertarian economic policy, but really like their civil liberties position and they generally seem like people you can work with.
You seem to be tilting at buzzwords.
Source? Not that I don't believe you...but I like me some election history reading.
[Here](http://www.livescience.com/41644-wind-energy-threat-to-birds-overblown.html) is an article with multiple sources cited. No one is saying that birds don't hit turbines. But compare that to any birds hitting any other large building or structure and you realize there isn't anything about turbines that are particularly dangerous for birds. You're talking about a line item on an environmental impact study. Their is a similar line item for roads to install the turbines in remote areas....which has a much greater impact on the environment than the turbine operation. The only time someone brings bird strikes up with wind power is when they are trying to kill a project in their area.
Besides that is has a material cost that competes with computer equipment driving the price up? If they could find cheaper alternative materials than silicon you would see rooftop solar everywhere. Other than that it's basically the same as wind power.....sun doesn't always shine everywhere, and power transmission is expensive. If we could solve the power transmission problem we could do 100% wind/solar. But room temperature superconductors are still a couple of decades out.
Am I writing an essay for you lol? Very high initial startup cost, but operational costs are low after that compared to Coal power. Mining the fuel is often pointed out as an issue, but it's really not a big problem as mining uranium isn't really any different than mining any other element. Storage of waste the materials is the big one, but mostly political in nature. Most of our fuel waste could be 'recycled' into a different reactor which would significantly reduce the amount of fuel waste and turn it into a much less toxic substance....but nuclear non-proliferation policies have kept new reactor technologies on the drawing board. The other major waste product is heavy water...which is toxic, but not Godzilla destroys Tokyo toxic. We had a plan on how to store that long term until the radiation dissipates to the point it's not toxic....but that plan was killed for political reasons.
But the Fed *is* accountable to Congress. Their is a political process to nominate and remove board members. You're not asking for accountability in our monitory policy....your asking for Congress to directly control monetary policy. I read that link....and it's so blatantly misleading. It's comparing cost of goods in 1920 to 2016. That's inflation, and not how you measure if a currency is strong. If you really want to talk about the strength of the dollar then compare to wages at the time and it's strength compared to other currencies. It's a no-context data point that proves nothing. Or are you suggesting we go back to when a gallon of milk cost 20 cents but people only get paid 100 a week? This is one of my problems with the Libertarian party. I'd love to support them for their civil liberties and foreign policy positions...but this focus on monetary policy(and anti-regulation positions) as the major domestic issue is ridiculous. It's addressing a problem that we aren't even sure exists(hence the audit).
The military as a whole tends to be very conservative. I wouldn't read too much into that.
Do you think the *Republican Primary* somehow represents the state as a whole?
I mean, Trump has is supporters in Delaware and Rode Island as well. But for the general election do you honestly think the Democrat's won't easily carry New York? It's like saying California will turn Red in November.
&gt; Why, when there are big game animals that require that or larger ammunition It starts crossing the line into weapons of war IMO. For example, a .50 desert eagle is grizzly bear protection...but a a .50 caliber rifle is an anti-armor sniper rifle that could kill the president in his motorcade half a mile away. And frankly, those big game animals you mention are mostly hunted with shotgun slugs, so I don't buy that they are sport weapons. I mean, we can negotiate the caliber, but I think we can both agree that a 20mm bullet is probably over the line. As far as number and types I'm generally OK with where we are at now. It's enforcement that I, and I would hazard most liberals, have a major issue with. I don't want to ban guns, but I want to make sure legal access is...well...legal. I don't buy that background checks restrict a constitutional freedom.
&gt; Where does it end? It ends when you have a reasonable political compromise. I can reverse the question and ask you where you think the line should be drawn? I would have a problem with my neighbor having a 60mm grenade launcher. But that's not really what the current gun control debate is all about. We don't have universal background checks, it's a very state by state enforcement with some states being much more lax than others. There is a reason why most gun violence in New York can be traced to Virginia gun shows. We can talk concealed carry and open carry regulations and how they can be significantly different depending on the jurisdiction. The lack of universal rules is one of the major sticking point of any gun regulation...something that should probably change one way or another. But going even beyond that we see that we've actively hampered law enforcement ability to enforce existing laws. For example the ATF is limited in computerizing *their own records* for fear of making 'a list'. If we are going to make the starting point 'enforce the existing laws' then we should make our laws consistent and provide law enforcement the tools they need to enforce those laws. We are currently doing a very bad job of that.
I like Elizabeth Warren personally. The real problem IMO is that compromise has become a dirty word in politics. I remember when being bipartisan and working across the isle was a virtue that got you reelected. Now, hugging the president who's giving you billions of dollars in aid will disqualify you from office. That's why I don't have *as big* of a problem with Hillary's flip flop. Her positions aren't that radically different than any other moderate liberal who's been in politics for 20 years.
Because most people think that nuclear proliferation is a bad thing....and nobody asked Japan if they wanted them.
For one I think the Feds should be regulating it and not leaving it to the states. We all know how effective Federal pressure on state legislatures is(it isn't). The lack of universal regulation is the first problem. Also, I don't think it's necessarily a matter of creating new laws...I don't think there is much controversy over the spirit and intent of the existing laws. It's more about refining the existing laws have teeth and enforcement isn't artificially restricted. [Here](http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2013/02/atf-gun-laws-nra) is a biased article...but it does make some good points. I'm not going to claim to be an expert in the minutia of gun laws...but it's obvious that the current laws either don't have teeth or aren't effective. And I see a lobbyist organization that uses extreme rhetoric to prevent even discussing these topics.
At what point does it cross into a weapon of war? Large caliber rifles dont really have a sport use beyond some novelty range time(the ammo is too expensive to make shooting it a regular thing). I would think of them similar to automatic, available if your willing to do some extra paperwork.
No, it's not racist because of the context of the era in which he said it. You should pay attention to the comments a bit more.
And he later left nation of Islam and became a Suni.....quit acting like you have a point other than to try to discredit him.
At this point Trump is a serious candidate that has to be taken seriously.
Because when you look I to the details of the case and if you know how the government actually handles classified information and security investigations....you'll realize this is a systematic failure and not something you could make one person criminally liable for. I spent 13 years working with FSO's i highly classified computer systems. This type of security violation is unfortunatly rather routine with most diciplint binging a slap on the wrist. The laws have very harsh but it's mostly used as a threat rather than actually applied. At the end of the day these investigations are about knowing the extent of the breach and makings sure that it doesn't happen again. Rarely does that mean locking someone up in jail.
I would say a 4 hour gun safety course for first time buyers should be enough. You're more likely to get shot by a toddler than a massshooting, and I always hear of people getting weapons stolen out of cars. Just as a simple public health measure to keep accidental shootings down and hopefully prevent guns getting stolen for the black market.
IMO it's mostly basic stuff most gu owners do anyways. Keep them locked, don't store it in your car, make sure it's unloaded when stored. It's basic common since stuff which is unfortune atly not very common.
I'm not so sure about liability insurance. Negligence is already covered under most homeowners, and insurance won't pay out for anything criminal.
The fear was it would be more socially acceptable to try it. The reality is the socal acceptability was set a long time ago and now it's just boring.
The nature of aerial warfare is changing. Drones are the weapons platforms and 'combat' will be mostly electronic in nature. Dogfights are going to consist of radar jamming, signal interruption, hacking and electronic warfare....with the loser getting a missile in the face
...And private institutions are so much better.
It's important to note that this was old debt that they wouldn't have been legally able to collect on anyways. Essentially they purchased a list of people who they could have harassed unethically(but legally) even if the debt was unenforceable.
I don't know that it's limited to just internet warriors. The few times I hear it slip in to the mainstream media there is usually talk about 'audit/eliminate the fed' and 'the gold standard'. I haven't been to a libertarian party meeting, but I get the impression that these aren't party platforms that they would be willing to back away from.
You think Trump is worth 10 billion? Funny considering by his own estimation he's worth half that....but hey it's not like facts matter to him. But you're right..Trump is rich. How dare I question the god-emperor. After all, being wealthy is a moral virtue.
A functional legislative branch. Most Republicans may not like big government, but want the government we do have to be functional, efficient and responsive to the people. They may be willing to stomach some limited shutdowns as a grim necessity, but overall realize that it does more harm than good for their goal of reducing government spending.
If you tried to buy your debt directly from who ever owns it...lets just say you won't be getting a discount.
Fair enough....*a* century ago is more accurate.
This has got to be satire no?
Half the country would dislike any Democratic candidate the instant they became the defacto nominee. The baseline support for a national election is 45% which is exactly where Hillary is. Her drop is completely politics as usual. I wouldn't ascribe that to any sort of inherent sexist bias to that.
Washington did.
Guys, Sanders is a sitting US senator and a career politician. Is anyone actually surprised he's playing politics?
RCP still has Clinton +2. Of the 7 polls in there average Trump is only ahead in 2 of them. So far it's shaped up to be a standard election with each candidate getting their base 45%. However, now that Clinton is about to become the presumptive nominee and Trump has taken some real hits that actually seemed to damage him for once....it will be interesting to see if the poll numbers change in the next couple of weeks. Of course this is all meaningless until the conventions which can be great pallet cleansers.
Which is the opposite of what Trump is doing. We accept that judges, as human beings, can be unbiased with there decisions. Yet Trump is claiming bias because of his ancestry. He's essentially saying that because this judge is a minority he's not a normal human being who's able to remain unbiased on the bench. He's not basing this claim if bias on evidence of past decisions, but entirely on his race. Edit: Since I have about 4 replies saying the same thing. The judge is a member of [La Raza of San Deigo](http://sdlrla.com/) which is a boring professional organization. Not National Counsel of La Raza which is...lets just say controversial. The two are in no way related, so linking them is dishonest. Edit2: If you're trying to claim that a link on a website as the sole evidence that a judge is biased, you have lost all semblance of objective thought. There is no objective reason to believe the judge would be biased in this case simply because he's a member of a legal professional orginization.
An E-1 living in the barracks has no excuse, your paycheck is mostly spending money. An E-3 with a family of 4, that's a different matter. BAS doesn't cover that much and kids are expensive.
You do know that the professional organization he's a member of is significantly different than the National Council of La Raza right? Trying to claim them as the same thing is blatantly dishonest.
I will say that I've been surprised that you can find a good level of discourse on Reddit if you look. At least this site isn't YouTube comments.
I feel like this election is going to air out a lot of dirty laundry.
And you are going to base the entire argument that the judge is biased on a link on the website?
You mean when he brought it up unprompted in a stump speech. The interview was afterwards where they tried to get him to explain the comments(or opportunity to walk them back some).
In Trump world his success as CEO, success as a candidate and success as eventual president are all one and the same. His entire brand is built around success. Anything that damages the public perception of success is public enemy #1. I think he realized that when the details of the Trump U case started coming out he realized he would be vulnerable. In typical Trump fashion his strategy was to to attack first in order to put the critics on the defensive. Trump lashing out has worked well for him in the past, so there was no reason for him to think it wouldn't work. But I think he overplayed his position and due to his success brand he's not able to back down.
They may be outsiders, but they sure as hell aren't Roosevelt.
IMO it's too early to say he's imploding. This is the first major hit he's had to deal with. Everything else before this he was able to deflect or ignore. It will take a couple of weeks for polling to catch up, but we'll see if it's an implosion or just another blip.
God damn it....that was a downright *reasonable* article.
Why do I always fall for that........why.
And there is no reason they couldn't exist. The reason they don't is because nobody has found it necessary. Probably because all the 'normal' organizations already have significant white representation. Right now you can't really point to a social injustice that disproportionately effects white people and needs to be addressed. (By the way white people can join the NAACP) It's the groups goals and policies that determines if it's racist, not their membership.
I feel like there is a basic assumption that should get resolved before we continue. Do you believe that given similar background a black person will have less opportunity and face more discrimination then their equivalent white counterparts?
Wa...what? Pretty sure I explicitly said I *didn't* consider you racist.....yup that's exactly what I said. But you're right...if you fail basic reading comprehension then their really is no point. Keep living in your ignorance and thinking we live in a post racial society. The fact that Trump can spew a non-stop stream of racist garbage and still get high poll numbers pretty much disproves that. Back to the echo chamber with you.
Because, if you recall, the suspect was an employee and shot up his work party. He was obviously an extremist, but his choice of targets and timing was erratic. You have to excuse that if in the chaos of a developing situation instant media gratification sometimes gets it wrong. Edit: Let me ask you something...do you think Trumps instant response would be more or less reserved? If his initial reactions were wrong, do you think he would be likely to correct himself?
* Resolve the immigration debate allowing a guest worker program and a path to citizenship. * $15 minimum wage(or anything that starts to address the income gap). * 100% Green Energy Grid(to include modern nuclear reactors)
I have some that are pushing 30 feet tall in my yard. I feel like I should post them once they bloom.
Before he starts raising hell...it would be nice to know what exactly he wants. He's not going to be the nominee, and it would be very petty if he used this opportunity to settle political scores rather than really influence the party. But, Bernie is the only one who can make that decision.
I'm sorry, I can not take them seriously. They say they have an environmental pillar to combat climate change, but then demonize nuclear energy. Their are some fundamental realities with how the power grid works and what the renewable technologies can achieve. We are several decades away from the technologies that could even begin to close this gap. If you're trying to reduce and eliminate CO2 and fossil fuel consumption Nuclear is the only technology available that can provide the required base load to power our grid. Wind and Solar have a big part to play, but until we have room temperature superconductors that solves our transmission issues we will have to have something in place.
It's a political problem, not a technical one. We had a good solution lined up until it got killed. And modern reactors would be able to recycle a lot of that if it weren't for basically a ban on developing them.
The reviews were effectively coerced before the course was over, taken in front of the instructor, when they were expecting future benefits from the instructor. I mean seriously, you think filling out a survey is a legal defense against fraud? That's some serious delusion.
Then I'm sure his lawyers(who said the judge was doing a good job) could file to have the judge recuse himself. Except they haven't, because there is nothing to the claim.
So in you're world, being a member of a minority professional orginization means that your race can be used to attack you? Would you also suggest that it's fair to call anyone associated with (AAMN)[www.aamn.org] sexists?
Because we could also make the argument Trump is more corporate than Hillary and so his supporters are also corporate shills by proxy. And round and round the debate starts. I'd like to have some subs where we don't have to deal with politics.
The problem is that their just isn't enough of one single shared ideology that will win a majority on it's own. Winning political parties, but design, have to build a coalition among different groups to succeed.
I *hate* having to use a term that /r/the_donald is fond of overusing....but you're concern trolling.
Texas would be required to break into 5 states. It gets complicated.
Except this wasn't fight or flight behavior. He was stalking and hunting, not bearing teeth, roaring or lashing out.
It's cute, but I wouldn't read too much into it yet. It's interesting in that Hillary is now challenging Trump on his home turf. It's the first effective rebuttal she's had on twitter that resonated. Perhaps her social media team is finally figuring out how to handle twitter battles? However, one tweet doesn't define the war. Lets see what happens next.
Since when is something everyone does front page news?
Well...would you rather transfer of cash or transfer of genes be the determining factor of who sits at the table?
Trump inherited his business from his father and both his kids are running his business despite not having any previous qualifications before assuming their roles in a multi-million dollar company. Do you really think they got their position based on merit?
And you think Trump would do better with his appointments? You mistake not caring with calling out hypocrisy as if that was a difference between the two candidates.
The eggs you get in the store are unfertilized. This applies to chicken that are raised for meat(male chickens will fight/kill each other so they are basically useless in farming).
In our case it was just one room....an addition that had one pier sinking. We did not raise the whole house, just re leveled the floor. It's been over a decade, but I think we used 4 five ton jacks and an I-beam. If I recall the hardest part was making sure the jacks didn't also sink into the ground. We had one close call where a jack slipped, but since we didn't have to worry about plumbing in that spot there really wasn't much too it. Now for the whole house I'm not sure how to make it go up evenly on the jacks so you don't have any structural issue with the walls. I, personally, wouldn't feel comfortable doing it.
It's not a one for one swap and Wind/Solar have a big part to play. The models I saw had about 40% wind and solar providing the peak loads, while nuclear and hydro take on the base load.
