Well Karl Joseph got the respect he deserved unlike most lists I am not pissed at this one
If we get past Oklahoma and Oklahoma State which I think is very doable then Oct 17 in Baylor looks to be a very good game
Miramar, FL to West Virginia, well I guess it isn't that random seeing as how we had a WVU Alumni as their head coach
2007 season was stupid
I would like to play Pitt again obviously. Hey remember in 2012 how we would have played them in the pinstripe bowl but they lost to UConn yeah that sucked
* QB - Major Harris, Pat White * RB - Steve Slaton, Avon Cobourne * WR - David Saunders, James Jett * LB - Chuck Howley, Sam Huff * Secondary- Adam "Pacman" Jones, Aaron Beasley
Fuck off list I hate you
Karma Police
Why wasn't Pandora an option lol
Mainly because there is no way to watch it with comcast and where I live you know in West Virginia Time Warner isn't an option out here
With the equalizer!
Fuck fan votes
I really wish Tyler Boyd would have came to WVU but his mom had other plans
Delly for Finals MVP
Someone needs to make a subreddit of just photos of Delly photoshopped on album cover art
I don't know why everyone is saying straight out no Delly has practically won the last two games
I think were gonna be back I don't think offense should be a question mark for us Dana has never not found a quarterback and he has had a lot of time to find one and after we lost Stedman and Tavon, Kevin White and Alford stepped up I expect someone else to do the same,* Us being back would be 9 wins
This is it that is the peak of gaming
huh Pirates centered T-Mobile commercial pretty cool
Pat White was a beast in college though
Lol ok hold up their least popular game is not San Andreas
Is there something I could buy to be a good EU IV player thats all I want in life is to be able to play that game
Just hope Juwan gets drafted and I hope Gary goes and makes money in Puerto Rico that'd be cool
Cavs didn't give Kevin Jones enough of a chance I hope they lose
that was the worse slide in history
Fallout 4 is now the fifth top selling game on steam
Pat White
Also its called Clash of Kings how did George R. R. Martin allow this to happen
For a while there Fallout 4 was like the top selling game on steam and it isn't even out yet lol
Im so happy for Fallout 4 and i don't know how to express my emotions except like almost crying
well its a steam problem I guess I should go to steam subreddit
Both XCOM Enemy Unknown and Fallout New Vegas refuse to start up I try to play both games and the box saying first time step up for Direct X pops up everytime it disappears then in my library it will say the game is running but only for a couple seconds and then disappear and nothing happens. I am on windows and both games have worked before.
Thank god Viva Pinata is one of them
I hate the Cardinals
We need to step it up
I think were definitely gonna take a win against either Baylor or TCU
Dude got his money and decided to not play anymore good for him
well he did go 3-3 last night
boo this is one of the worst preseason rankings were not even being considered fuck off NBC
Polanco was the promised savior of Pirates baseball shall he break up the perfect game?
lol Tabata I hate him and his lips tattoo
Even though we lost I am ecstatic that so many people are pissed at Tabata i am just laughing so much idek why
I want Cole to pitch a no-hitter so bad actually anyone on the pirates seriously
Focus on how good of an at-bat that was by Tabata
Im so confused why do they keep doing this, are the SMU and FGCU players gonna bear Kansas uniforms* Well I assume they would but are they going to maybe wear a patch of an Eagle or Mustang
We should fire Dana and pick him up
huh that makes sense I have been thinking of it as Kansas not US
Losing BCS Bowls
I don't know if I am honestly
I hope he does well, I still feel like he was so close to becoming one of us but that's all right
Myers jumpshot is so broken I can't believe he scored as much as he did
Barry Browne?
Bullshit his feet were not set at all
Fuck off weakest push off I have ever seen
That was a make up call for not calling a foul when Williams was mauled for that offensive rebound
Why the fuck can't we get a charge huh?
We have horrible fucking space why are Adrian and Williams posting up in basically the same spot its fucking retarded we have horrible spacing
Have you ever actually looked at our offense. Seriously look, notice how every screen we set is set without purpose. Cutters never even try to get open, horrible halfcourt offense.
I'm really excited to play the would-be 2007 National Championship finally
Yeahhh Esa
Ball don't lie
If I was in the crowd I would've been screaming ball don't lie
I have only watched the second half but our offense seems to be running well. I think this is what happens when our offense doesn't surround forcing the ball into Devin.
Three Guard Weave works very well
Woah Woah where the fuck is my rifling
Not sure how people are calling that a dirty hit. People are just drinking the Steeler hate koolaid
Except if Bernard wouldn't have turned and lowered the hit would have been in the chest and not a dirty hit. So I just don't understand how if the defender causes the head to head how it is dirty.
Laundry is a PTP a Prime Time Player
Yeah Pacman let's go
Joey Porter won the game
Still not sure what Pacman did
My Steam download speeds used to be 9/10 MB/s. Then Comcast "Upgraded" my internet and now I am using Comcast's own router/modem. Now my download speeds are 1 MB/s if im lucky usually more like 400-800 KB/s. Is there a way to go back to downloading games at 9 MB/s or am I stuck
David Bowie was the first artist, second being Queen, that I went wow I really like this. I am gonna go listen to everything else this artist has to offer.
Let's go Michigan I wanna be ranked even higher
Paige and Phillip should have started this game lol
How the fuck is that a foul
Maybe it's because I was younger but I never appreciated good WVU basketball or football. Now I am watching every single game so it's great WVU is back at 2010 form.
Not to sound ungrateful but still not sure how we started out unranked. Actually I guess that decimation by Kentucky might have played into it.
Old Big East 4,5,6!!!* Xavier wasn't in the Old Big East but I mean their logo is a Big Blue letter so...same thing as Villanova
Oh shit you're right
Thought he was gonna go Cardiac Kemba on em at the end of the first overtime
Something that I have always found interesting is that here in the Northern Panhandle around 2011-2012 during expansion. There was also a butt load of pipeliners and frackers from Texas and Oklahoma coming up here working and living. I've never actually had this happen but I can only imagine bars being 50/50 or 30/70 with Texas/Oklahoma and West Virginia fans around here during games.
Roosevelt Jones is my favorite non-WVU player not really sure why but I just love watching him play and I like his name a lot
2010 team was all players from New York or New Jersey. This team being our best team since 2010 has two players from New York. Those two players are our best players. Basically, and I know in the Big 12 it's a harder sell, Huggins should recruit New York again.
It's weird because I grew up a Steelers fan. But at this point I just don't care for the NFL so I just cheer for whatever team a WVU player plays for. Hence the Rams flair. That being said I do cheer for the Steelers but I am not going to any games.
Well I hope we drop out of the Top Ten, I think SMU has it cursed.
Yay Pitt do good everything is better when rivals do good
I never really think about that Football always has seemed more important. But the way basketball schedules are much more flexible i'm not sure why we haven't. I just wanna meet you in the Tournament.
Didn't realize Hawaii was doing so good this year. Barely lost to Tech and Oklahoma, I am sure you guys will be a fun tournament team. Good luck, I am gonna sleep now.
The Curse of the Top Ten is over no more upsets
Not gonna lie I definitely cranked that three pointer slider to about 66
I wanna say Da'sean Butlers knee. Slim chance we come back but what about an NBA career now that is something I wanted to see. I think the biggest what-if in college sports in the past century that more people should talk about is 2007 13-9 upset of WVU. What if WVU wins the national title game. Terrelle Pryor commits to WVU. Steve Slaton stays another year. Rich Rod stays, who knows what other coaches move where. Does WVU save the Big East. One may argue success doesn't matter, TV contracts do. But I believe a continued success of WVU could have netted a TV contract for the Big East and saved Basketball and Football in the Big East.
I feel like everything became as it is now aesthetically after the stock market crash
Still fighting for that Backyard Brawl: Rhode Island Edition
I fully recognize that 07-08 was the chaos season in College Football but notice there is still a correlation. 07 kicked off with a huge upset of Oklahoma by Boise State. So I believe 06-07 is still connected. Therefore Duke last being unranked in 06-07 just reinforces my theory of 2015-2016 Basketball Season is the new 07 football season the chaos gods have blessed us again.
Well even better of a reason for Pitt to eat shit
DAE Alabama A&amp;M = Cleveland State
I really hope no one thinks we're a surprise sixth was complete bullshit
I am not from Pittsburgh* (WV) and don't really know the ins and outs of Primanti Bros but I know it has something to do with Cole Slaw our pitchers name is Cole someone quickly name drop a sandwich for karma
Tuning in Reddit for the first time this game...Fuck those fucking panzy ass refs they can burn in hell
I would have said something if I was Tarik as well he was fouled so hard and nothing
I am pretty sure most people in this game thread can jump higher than Devin Williams
Poked his eye out
Stop giving Devin the ball
Honestly like he gets absolutely no calls. So that means he gets reached and hacked on all day long, but it just doesn't matter he has no clue when to pass out.
I don't understand this like it's much easier to change the situation of an incoming freshman than a incoming senior
I was completely wrong...Do not give any of our big men the ball let them rebound and that is it, only big man I trust to not turn it over is Esa
Not quite sure what else Adrian should have done
Time to bring out 4 guard line-up
Wish that would have gone in
Something tells me Myers free throw shooting played a huge part in scoring 25 ppg
He hasn't been although at this point him refusing to shoot is a regular occurrence
You make it sound like a big part of our press is making contact when its the exact opposite its covering passing lanes, blurring vision of the ball handler and trapping at the correct times. Over 75% of the time we foul its in the half court not while pressing. When we do foul on the press it's usually when the offensive player dribbles uncontrollably right into a defender but the defender gets called, and of course yes we do reach like any other team.
No reason to ever adjust we have one of the most efficient presses in history who cares if we are fouling if we get an extra 10-15 possessions
&gt;"I was a fookin' legend in Gin Alley"
I think Sam will wear the armor himself, "*Gilly get the breastplate stretcher!!!!!*"
Fan voting is a joke take it away
REJOYCE
AJ Burnett used to only be able to pitch with Rob Barajas or he'd have a bad outing now we have the same thing because Cole has his best games pitching to Chris Stewart and is usually bad with Cervelli
Polanco's 3-0 pitch was so hitable but no of course watch it go right over the plate and then swing at two shitty pitches that led to a pop-up
Nicasio is obviously meant for the bullpen just send him there already
I'm happy with that start and am unfazed by the 3 runs and walks because those walks only occurred after uncalled strike threes and that homerun came after such a situation
Nothing better than a nice and relaxing day with your ace pitching #Lockedown
Oh good a Radiohead thread, I'll never understand Radiohead don't like them at all. For what it's worth Creep, Karma Police and High and Dry are good songs. Mostly because you can actually understand the lyrics.
Thank God, sites like Jezebel are toxic
We lost this game the moment our best hitter laid down a bunt on the first pitch with Molina catching, that's when we lost
You guys are gonna get him in a couple years anyway
ESPN definitely has a dark filter on their broadcasts
Have they even brought up that Jordy played for Oklahoma State or are they just gonna keep talking about Matt Holliday's brother
There is no longer a war why would they still be raping and pillaging their way through Riverrun it makes no sense
I'd like to not talk about December 2nd, 2007
huh you're right well the morning after was probably worse anyway
As a WVU fan I just gotta learn to stay away from these threads before I blow a fuse
St.Louis?
One of the dragons Tyrion freed is gonna come from the east and kill a bunch of ppl
Not even mad at least we are going down swinging. Recently we'd act like little babies at the plate and wouldn't even try to hit(Against Arrieta), so I prefer striking out swinging than striking out looking.
Still salty bout Big 12 tournament's bullshit set-up
Oh btw Szczur hitting a home run adds 1 to the PDN (Players with Dumb Namekillingthepirates) number this season
It's actually disappointing to find out that Cervelli's hand wasn't a nagging problem, but instead something that just happened. If it was an ongoing thing it would've explained his shitting batting, but maybe he was suffering from Tabata Syndrome instead.
Ya we are intentionally hitting someone down two in the 5th
Honestly if we were gonna intentionally hit any Cub it would be that Arizona fucker Montero
Where is Marte btw I haven't really watched lost since we are losing too much
I am glad Marte isnt playing cuz the poor baby has a little bruise on his cheek
I absolutely love him but dammit I just hate that we are sitting some of our best offensive players right now while sitting at .500 and playing the division leader
So I guess the sports Gods took the sacrifice of a good baseball season for a stanley cup
No one can tell me our Triple A bullpen isn't better than this
So...this is what it was like before 2012...I'm not sure I have the fortitude
Liriano didn't pitch bad today
Preston and him have been taking longer and longer it's tough
We have the hitting talent and potential to be champions and we even have that kind of pitching talent...down in triple A
He deserves to be in, I mean the man also races the Tour De France
Todays lineup basically says "Don't even bother turning your TV on"
Leaving tomorrow afternoon and won't be in town for a week, so missing Taillon and Game of Thrones
This is where not playing Marte because the little baby has a bruise on his cheek is gonna lose us this game, stop being a pussy Hurdle
I was poking around in an earlier thread about gardens and some guy made a lot of very anti garden comments. Are people like actually that indoctrinated that they believe gardens will ruin their agriculture. It sounds like something that is taught in schools. Am I correct in that assumption? As an American I can't tell what is a joke and what isn't in this thread. * Okay I have poked around deep into Reddit and I think you guys are trolling but whatever good job
Sounds like fed propaganda to me
Yaa let's go Hilltoppers!!!
Oh...I thought the godfather was a joke
Fuck Seth Smith, also that at-bat was called horribly he threw like two curves and the one he fouled off he was lucky should've went right back at him.
I'm drunk af listen but wvu gonna win that chip this year and I can honestly die in peace
I was super drunk last night completely forgot and didnt check espn until like 6 in the morning and wow, it's the best I have ever felt while hungover.
Wish I would've saw this last night when I had trouble going to sleep it would have helped
I already don't hear any
I don't really understand BPI but I certainly approve of anything that has WVU #1, also not like we have a just good team, this squad is the best since 2010
I've heard of trading a washing machine for a player but nothing else no
I did as well but I'm a foolish WVU fan
I've never cheered against a buzzer beater more
How did he not get fouled what the fuck home cooking
Myers is like a QB
Didn't realize hop stepping = travelling
What has to happen to get a foul called what the ever living fuck
Esa needs to take over, stop letting these scrubs try and run the offense
Why did Adrian do anything, Sags was about to send that
Flop
Esa needs to shoot more
You joke but that was our offense most of last year when the press wasn't working
It's one of those days for Esa, therefore we should maybe run some plays for him, it seems the majority of the time he is just a decoy or sets screens
I'll never understand why he has the ball in his hand unless it's an offensive rebound
Esa had a guard on him but we don't give him the ball immediately like what the hell
Biggest flop I've seen in the Big 12 since Marcus Smart himself
I don't know how like 3 fouls weren't called on both teams right there
The fuck it is, I honestly don't understand where people get this idea, it's like oh a bunch of steals and turnovers dur d dur must be getting away with a lot and being super physical whole 40 minutes
This is the point of the game where Huggins needs to get a technical
We don't get fouled when we shoot layups...apparently
I didn't realize we were playing in Allen Fieldhouse
Ball dont lie
Everything's a travel
Lamont really has saved our ass a couple of times
I love Lamont trying to answer, imagine if Esa had that much confidence
Not today he didn't
What a shitty fucking call Higgins
Everyday!!!
Checks out
Burn in fucking hell ref
If we lose as far as I'm concerned our record will be 12-1-1
Fuck that we didn't lose this game the refs won it
We should be winning by about 25 so yes
FUCK THIS STUPID FUCKING REFS WE DIDN'T LOSE THIS GAME
Where do the Big 12 refs rank in BPI, I mean they beat Kansas State and about to beat the 7th best team in the country
Daxter is kinda clutch too
