Somebody to actually give a Valentine to.
The Clintons
Don't worry about Trump. Worry about a bought-and-paid-for influence peddler like Hillary and her husband.
Not an excuse, but if he wasn't, he'd have been sweeping floors or pumping gas. Fascist regimes don't reward people with insufficient enthusiasm. Hell, Brett Farve caught some flack for not clapping hard enough over Caitlyn Jenner.
That or SnakeSkin dress girl got Man Hands.
Shampoo itchy? Good God, you've grabbed the bottle of Nair!
If you want to be one of the guys running things, you have to play ball no matter how loathsome the game.
No doubt. At first I thought it was a joke with the punchline after the break.
[Klaus Nomi!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d-Yrg9xNSS0)
Welcome to the New Normal.
Sir Patrick Stewart is not amused by your pathetic attempt at whimsical japery.
Is he nibbling at it?
Sure, that's part of the plan. You either build up resistance to it, or you die like a candy-ass bitch.
How much ya got?
Flying (a plane). Too damn much $$$$$.
Actors are loathe to be "typecast". Plus, every actor has the "I Am Capable Of So Much More Than Just Playing That Guy " mindset.
Are talking something like a 2-liter pop bottle? If so, just use a tap to put threads on the bottle cap and then use a fitting.
Actually, that is the sign of an evil duck.
Does this mean Donald Trump isn't a racist now?
This...this is good.
What did they say about Obama's claim that it would save people $2,500?
I actually like it. I'd totally build a house like that if I had the $$.
IT'S A TRAP!
Was that a service turkey? Jesus, hide the hors d'oeuvres!
Yeah, so is Alzheimer's. Alzheimer's is pretty bad too.
Anything, $$$.
Fat, loud women with regrettable tattoos. I'd be in heaven here if I was.
Photographer for a "classy" nude website like MET ART or FEMJOY.
All things serve The Beam.
July, 1994.
"BTW, my private jets run on unicorn farts."
Why isn't there an old hag following her ringing a bell and saying "Shame!"?
They paved Paradise, and you are stuck on the pot.
"...But that's not important now."
We would essentially be living the life of a three-toed tree sloth.
"Time to stick it to The Man!"
Nope. You call the police and request "no contact". You don't want the neighbors to know it was you that called in case they're psycho.
Stevens seems to get more snow. Snoqualmie seems to get shut down for avalanche control more often. I know that probably doesn't help much.
Michael Richards. (Kramer)
IT BURNS!
Paging Harrison Bergeron...
Tree Sloth. Don't be fooled by their cute little "Who, me?" bullshit. They have those razor sharp talons for a reason. Now imagine them swimming. BTW, Kristen Bell is a paid spokesperson who is totally in bed with Big Sloth.
Frankly, I'd choose it just so I wouldn't have to be around the noise and stress of gen-pop prison.
Impotence Resignation Acceptance Helplessness
Shut up, Uncle Daddy!
All they need to read is the OUT OF ORDER sign on the door.
You want a window? Pay up sucker!
Shouldn't they be wearing masks?
You just know that there is huge pile of empty bottles out behind the studio everyday.
WHAT ARE THOSE?!?!?!?!?!?!?
Stevie Nicks. (I'm older than you)
This why the Torah and Koran forbid eating pork. (seriously)
1.4 megabytes on a single disk!
"OK, Tom...you're a jerk with an itchy skull. Make it work."
Jerry Lewis holding a grocery bag filled with mangoes and Saran Wrap.
Porn stars that aren't all inked up.
Sorry for bothering you, *sir*.
I would really like to see some film/makeup tests with Bowie as Elrond.
Pending...
Oklahoma! Where the wind.....RUN!
Excape.
I'm old. My body is as flexible as a bowl of corn flakes. I don't even know what the fuck that means.
The Seawolf is pretty cool, but I really like the old Russian Typhoons.
Holy shit. I have just found what shall be my signature prank!
If they have trouble reading an analog clock. You, know...the kind with the big hand and the little hand. I was amazed by how many under 20's could not read it at first glance.
The Constitution is the rule book. Yes, it can be changed over time, but if a law is deemed to be in violation of it today, the law is struck down.
Yeah, I got mine that way and it works surprisingly well.
Hungarian Rhapsody. It's what they use for "Dueling Pianos".
Yes, they usually start at the 6:00 minute mark. They did that in Who Framed Roger Rabbit with [Donald and Daffy Duck.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MzxZ8qtdun0)
There was a whole bunch of those Nuclear Peril songs in the 50's. I made a playlist of them and listened to it on a road trip to check out a decommissioned Titan I missile silo in Eastern Washington.
Cranston would have been a terrific Inspector Gordon.
I always wondered what it would have been like if Elvis had been cast as Capt. Kirk in the Original Star Trek.
Ok...my mom and I used to go to the Mid-Way Swap Meet outside Seattle. Mom used to look at costume jewelry at the various stalls. Gary Ridgeway, The Green River Killer used to take jewelry from his murdered victims and sell it at the Mid-Way Swap Meet about the time we used to go there. It's quite likely that Mom may have bought something from him that came from a murdered victim. I also worked with Ted Bundy's mother.
I only ran into her a few times. She didn't bring it up and I sure didn't.
*Something, something*, gonna get shot!
"Who said that it was OK to talk to me?"
Because it's the farthest point away from the hot lava center of the Earth.
Hey, you could do worse...and often have.
Dang...she could wear those sunglasses for welding.
I remember a couple of years ago when bars were banning people from wearing Google Glass in them. Droids are the ultimate spy device.
They used to be a spy agency, but now they're a private detective agency.
The great view of it in my rear-view mirror.
That's racist!
[In The Bag. Nobody else has heard of it.](https://youtu.be/scMbNZ_f16I?t=2m12s)
The lying sacks in the Media will blame Trump and his supporters of course.
Aw, that's nice. Really. No sarcasm or underlying snark.
I thought that said "how do black broads settle their dispute".
Ryan endorsement: Meh. San Jose Riots: Support Trump just to give them the middle finger. (IF people are shown the violent acts.)
A blow from Flo?
He got drunk and wrapped his car around a telephone pole and died in Jr. year. Guy was a dick, I shed no tears.
Anything drowning in gravy.
...And then the other drivers filling up their cars started applauding and one of them was the President of Harvard and gave my son a full scholarship. He's now a surgeon for Doctors Without Borders and married to the Princess of Argentina.
And now they run a Subaru dealership in Vermont.
The Papa Murphy's Cowboy Pizza. Cook it until it's about 85% done and then turn on the broiler and watch it with the door open. When the toppings are done the way you like it, immediately remove the pizza. The top is well done and the crust will not be too crunchy. If you don't like your pizza that way, then you are dead to me.
My youth.
Shaving.
To Mom and Dad. I'm sorry that I was a disappointment to you.
They aren't called noble due to any sainted behavior, they are named that because they are noble like royalty (nobility). They are normally inert and don't work with anything.
Then it's probably the clutch on the A/C compressor. Same dynamics as the idler pulley as far as heating/expanding.
I shall name her Loopy Lupe.
[Mr. Magorium's Wonder Emporium](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0457419/?ref_=nm_flmg_act_22)
Either get the RV running for summer or sell the damn thing.
Yes.
***Oh, SNAP!***
"You're fired."
Don't worry, the C fell off of the Charmacist sign. I usually just avoid the smarmy fuckers.
The Tempest. Collected work of Hieronymous Bosch. How Boots Fooled The King.
This guy. This guy gets it.
You're not special.
Manners.
Buckaroo Banzai.
Class never goes out of style.
Damn, they shut him down like a little bitch.
Why does Theodore shorten to Ted? And what's the deal with those airline peanuts?
Hindenburg. Titanic. Top Gear 2016.
Hillary. The Clinton Corporate Industrial Complex will not be denied.
I won't poop in a public restroom unless it's an emergency. If I'm at work, I'm more relaxed than if at a restaurant because there is less chance of someone walking in.
But it looks so festive and colorful!
Like he said, the original films are almost always higher quality than the home media of the day.
Space pencils are expensive as hell...and the paper!
Gangbang with Hells Angels.
So their kids don't have to attend the hell-hole schools that their parents have made.
Those numbers sound a little high.
My rapier wit.
Communism.
Plant-Leon, The Professional. Gold face-idol from Raiders Of The lost Ark. Weird thing beside r2d2...... Jigsaw from Saw or Alien egg? Scary gargoyle- Dracula with Gary Oldman and Keanu.
Yeah. I'm looking at used cars and I found the ideal one but don't have the cash right now. When I do have the money, I won't be able to find one like this and have to settle for something lesser and always regret missing the first one.
I think we're all in Jeopardy.
I am tired of the shaming/acceptance paradigm. Don't demand that I approve anything about you and don't give me shit when I don't.
Ya know what? World War One sucked ass.
"...I would have been even more embarrassed to tell her just HOW I had given birth to a baby opossum two weeks ago. Let's just say that I didn't choose the name Chernobyl randomly."
ಠ_ಠ
I felt a slight breeze, then there was a high pitched keening sound which I felt more than heard. Suddenly, a flash of light appeared and a man holding a small metallic device stood in the middle of the room. He looked at us and then around the dilapidated room. "God dammit! Can't they ever get it right?" He yelled at no one in particular. He pushed a button on the device and the room got blurry and very warm. Our ears popped and he disappeared with a loud bang.
Transgression, offense, outrage etc.
I was going to say "Planned Tax Write-Off".
Spiking her tea.
Trump looks like a guy who actually enjoys his life. Hillary looks like an atheist nun just waiting for any excuse to smack you with a ruler.
Trust me, there are plenty of bosses who have a stick permanently super-glued up their butts.
Good point.
Aw, Chloe! You're breaking my heart!
Portal. The good 'ol Cave Johnson days.
No, Donald Trump and the NRA somehow did it.
It looks like his gay "excursions" were just opposition research. I wonder what it will take for the Left to finally FINALLY accept that Radical Islam is at war with them and has been for 1,500 years and all the moral equivalence bull shit will not save them.
(sigh).
"So...she's a copycat?" -------- "You're shit at dying, you know that?"---The Hound.
If if if if if if if if if if if if if this is true, Hillary is toast. Keep an eye on Huma. If she suddenly flies to Dubai, the shit is about to hit the fan.
Ohh! Drop the mic! You really burned him!!!11
When people were speculating that it was a right-wing Tea party homophobe, everything was Okie Dokie. Reports of it being a Muslim and they locked down the comments. What really is gained by that?
Guilty as charged, motherfucker. So what?
Sorry...after "throwing shade" I couldn't continue. I rolled my eyes so hard, I think they're stuck.
"Fuck your pledge. I'm an anarchist! (tee hee)"
Too soon!
Probably not. I'm the kind of guy who's OFF switch does not work very well. As it is, I have never even tried pot or anything stronger. I avoid alcohol as much as possible lest I develop a "habit" that I don't want because it would be very difficult for me to stop. It's better that I just lock myself in a padded room so I don't hurt myself or anyone so I also avoid nearly all human contact.
First, don't make it a religious issue. I don't give a shit what their "reason" is. If someone wants to kill you for a cause. Kill them before they can kill you. The others can play ball or join them in the grave. There was plenty of violence in the Anarchy movement in the 1890's and that was NOT religion based. The Soviet Union and China killed millions and that was not based on religion either.
I actually like it.
I'm sure "GayTimes" is a totally unbiased news organization.
Fuck! Seriously?
Cannot confirm as of yet. Only one report.
"My goodness...a walking brush!"
"Perhaps."
Is there one on the next block with a big **0** on it?
I had no idea rap artists were so superstitious or Italian.
Parsecs are a measure of distance, not time LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL!
They're using "Jesus Years".
Yes! It's such a simple name, too. (first and last)
Mr. Hankey is the Christmas Poo. If he's in there NOW, you might want to go see a doctor.
"I'm walking to the food bowl!"
It's a cover of Blue Moon done by Sam Cooke (I think).
Actually, you WON'T hear about it. They'll control the Media. It'll be like Tienanmen Square on Chinese Google.
Knope.
"Why don't you take us seriously?"
He's a humble man, and he has a great deal to be humble about.
Are you for real? "Competition is a force for evil"? Competition is what has led to each and every modern advance in technology. Without competition, we'd have never left the caveman stage. What kind of futurologist are you?
[This post was removed because (a) It violated some chicken shit rule (b) The Mods are a box of dicks (c) It's Tuesday]
Shut the fuck up, Snickerzzz.
Welding. A lot of times I've had a great idea for a project, but I'm stopped by lack of welding skills. Drilling holes and using bolts isn't always a solution.
Quit fucking around. It's later than you think.
Yes. I am terrified of hearing something with which I might disagree.
The Bean.
Don't forget the criminal mastermind would-be assassin.
Coaches, railcars and the caboose at the end. Cabooses are pretty rare these days.
Number Five car would probably be OK.
Mitch: You ever been in love? Curly: Once. I was driving a herd across the panhandle. Texas. Passed near this little dirt farm right about sundown. Out in the field was this young woman, working down in the dirt. Just about then she stood up to stretch her back. She was wearing a little cotton dress, and the settin’ sun was right behind her, showing the shape that God had give her. Mitch: What happened? Curly: I just turned around and rode away. Mitch: Why? Curly: I figured it wasn’t gonna get any better than that. Mitch: But you could have been, you know…with her. Curly: Been with lots of women. Mitch: Yeah, but you know, she could have been the love of your life. Curly: She is.
"What's for lunch? I won't eat anything frozen, fried or with gluten." "It's a surprise."
It means that you're not smoking smooth Camel cigarettes. They're good for your T-Zone. [More doctors smoke Camels than any other brand and doctors are smart.](https://www.google.com/search?q=t+zone+smoking&amp;biw=1296&amp;bih=736&amp;tbm=isch&amp;tbo=u&amp;source=univ&amp;sa=X&amp;sqi=2&amp;ved=0ahUKEwj9hNfJ-LjNAhUCyGMKHdAnDawQsAQIIw)
Is cerium oxide the stuff they use to polish glass?
Thanks, but I'm going to stick with Doctor Zeke's Asbestos Pills.
Maybe you can tell me. What equal rights do women in the U.S. not have?
There is a theory that the aliens are actually demons and the daughter is an angel. By touching the water when she drinks, she turns it into Holy Water and then leaves all those half-full glasses around as weapons.
Tattoos on women. I'm 50 and when I was in my teens/twenties, very few women had them.
How much for Connie Britton?
Taste the urine and see if it tastes like Sunkist. If so, then go on Craigslist and try to find a new kidney because yours is on the blink.
Brexit sounds like a breakfast bar. No time for breakfast? Eat on the run with Brexit! Grab it on your way out!
Don't give ol' Angie Merk any ideas.
In Seattle, somebody took the hat [after it landed.](http://www.seattlepi.com/business/article/Concorde-s-arrival-capped-by-thievery-1129579.php)
This flick was perhaps the biggest happy movie surprise for me ever. I rented it because I was out of everything else. Ended up loving it.
Cars will have buck teeth?
oops, you told the truth to a Hillary supporter. That simply isn't done.
BRB, gotta run to the store.
Why did I read that in the voice of Apu from The Simpsons?
