This sounds like it's entirely your fault. You think you're a 'romantic,' but what are you actually doing to demonstrate that? Utterly nothing, it sounds like. You're doing the same thing as the people you resent. You think the kind of ideal partner you'd like to attract, who places great value on commitment, is going to be happy about you "hooking up" with random men so you can "get off"? So it sounds to me that like so many others, you care enough about these supposed 'ideals' to make little posts on the internet and crown yourself with silly titles like "New Age Hopeless Romantic," but are are too lazy or incompetent to exercise them in reality.
Explaining again and again that neither Venezula nor any other country is or has been socialist gets very tiresome after a while. Whether a country is 'really' socialist is something people on both sides spend far too much time whining about. What's incontrovertible is that these countries *attempt* to be socialist, which in my eyes makes their failures just as damning.
I never said otherwise. I don't think capitalists generally believe capitalism means wealth and success for everyone.
What are you talking about? Very low amps for what?
Discharge or no, walking on carpet isn't going to generate a 10,000 Volt potential. (EDIT: I'm wrong, yes it can and will.) And besides, these components tend to be mostly conductors or semiconductors. They wouldn't have very low current discharge if a 10K voltage was applied.
You can see visible arcs and sparking way more vibrant than a static electricity zap just fine from a 12 Volt car battery, which is probably only 6 Volts on each terminal from the ground.
...Well dammit. You know what? I'm completely wrong and you're right. I should have just googled static electricity in the first place. I was thinking of that little machine they have in school labs where you wind it up by hand and move the two metal terminals together until they very visibly arc an inch apart, and thinking there's no way you get 100K Volts on that dinky piece of crap from winding it up by hand for 20 seconds. Thinking of Van de Graff generators. But nope, they're both just simple static electricity and both do indeed get up to voltages that high, as do humans on carpet. I have been humbled.
I am getting really, really, goddamn tired of hearing 'love' and 'hate' preached to me by news outlets, advertisers, and politicians. I am getting really tired of being spoken to like a four year old watching Barney. I am getting really tired of hearing grown, adult men saying "You just need to stop *hating* people and *love* people!" The fact that this has seemingly become the standard argument for a variety of issues by grown, adult men is a staggering display of the idiocy of these people and probably the general population. I am getting really tired of people who don't know the first thing about me thinking they have any business whatsoever telling me 'love' and 'hate' is.
If you don't even know whether you have a conflict or not, it sounds to me like you need to go back and think on things. Every conflict needs a resolution in the sense that you need to introduce something to the audience that wasn't there initially. There's no meaning in a drug addict who has a miserable life as a drug addict and nothing else really happens. That's pointless. It's meaningless. Why are you even talking about it? And that's the question you should ask yourself. Why are you even talking to us (the audience) about this? What do you have to say to us? That being a drug addict sucks? We are already know that a thousand times over. If you're writing a story, it needs to be because you have something to say to the audience. So why are you talking to us about this? What is it that your story has to say?
Yep. It's a big problem. If characters aren't doing much except being a part of a background, you should probably compress your story and get rid of them.
The core of all drama is meaningful conflict and resolution. Start by thinking long and hard and very seriously about what you believe about the world. What's important to you on a fundamental level? What do you believe about the nature of man? The nature of the universe? The nature of love, or of violence, or of science, or of 'society'? The nature of friendship? The nature of loneliness? The nature of power? Of courage? What do you believe? It should be something you believe in on a very deep level, ideally something you can see reflected in your own actions. And when you've decided on that belief, ask yourself the reason why you believe it. That belief should form the core of the conflict of the story. Which is probably the main thing the protagonist is struggling with throughout the story. And the reason why that belief is true should be the resolution of that conflict at the climax.
There's not going to be multiple protagonists. There's not going to a 'division of labor' or anything like that among 'classes' for a half dozen or so reasons, unless BioWare is incredibly foolish. Which unfortunately is not out of the question.
&gt; Whichever one you don't choose becomes a squadmate, and some dialogue and quests change based on which background you picked. Hopefully not, since that's a very bad idea. Unless the change is more or less trivial, as in the original games.
The less, the better, in my mind. I wasn't thrilled with the race barriers in DA and have always outright despised the class barriers. I really hope BioWare does not listen to all the calls for class interrupts and whatnot. Ideally they would drop the class system altogether, although the story reason for biotics makes that rather difficult. (In that a normal person can't just learn biotics.)
Here's something you should take to heart: A thing being 'realistic' (in that it would be likely to occur in real life) is never, *never* justification by itself for that thing to happen in fiction. There are are infinite amount of things that are very possible, even incredibly likely in real life, that would unquestionably be horrible writing or horrible game design. For example, consider a very important character being shot in the head and immediately dying on a completely 'routine' mission against weak enemies they've fought a hundred times before. A mission that has really nothing to do with the plot or central antagonist of the story. No build-up. No foreshadowing. This is very 'realistic' (in that it's quite possible and even likely to occur were this sort of thing to happen in real life.) And yet I would have a very difficult time coming up with a scenario where it would be anything but unforgivably incompetent writing. Also, I didn't say anything about it being "racist."
Nope.
Incorrect. This is nothing but pretend reasoning conjured up to try and avoid the obvious and irrefutable reality that acceptance of transgenderism demands gender abolitionism. You cannot have a 'gender identity' if gender is a literally meaningless thing. And gender cannot be meaningful if there is no perception of it. (No gender 'roles'). The concept of a real 'gender identity' but no 'gender roles' is therefore entirely nonsensical.
Ask yourself this question: Why don't we throw away the dictionary and replace every word with "Hugs,' 'Puppies,' 'Love,' 'Kisses' and words of that sort? No more meanie words that make people feel bad. Only happy lovey words that make people feel good. Is that okay? No, it's not okay. It's moronic. Because that's not the purpose of language. The purpose of language is convey information and meaning. The purpose of logic is to provide us with a path towards truth. Throwing those tools away when we don't like them because they don't always make people feel good about themselves is the height of idiocy. Oh, and speaking of logic, you don't get to disagree because you feel like it. You have to provide reasoning. What is your reasoning for disputing my other comment? ("You cannot have a 'gender identity' if gender...")
That's a load of drivel. First, this is not evidence. You have absolutely no idea how you would feel about it. You cannot possibly predict how you would think without gender influences. For all we know, gender is a concept we've been absorbing since literally our first day of life, nursing from mother and absorbing on a very subconscious and crude but very real level that to be a woman is to be a nurturer. But secondly, let's pretend you're correct and you still feel 'wrong' as your sex even never encountering any sort of gender. You grew up in a Skinner box with only food and water. If this is true, how can you possibly argue gender has no biological component? The idea is as absurd a person deciding they are tired of being a 'Zharlog' and want to be a 'Nimskwe.' Literally meaningless words and concepts.
If you accept that gender has significant biological components, then you have no basis for claiming that gender roles are 'socially constructed,' as you tried to claim in your first comment. Your entire argument quickly falls apart after that, as in fact does the entire concept of transgenderism. So...there we go. I just " demonstrated that I'm wrong in a logical manner," exactly as you requested. Do you believe otherwise now? Also, the burden of proof is entirely on you. The evidence on my side is overwhelming. The fact that gender is remarkably consistent across cultures over the world who had no contact with each other is staggering. The fact that all sorts of animals and insects with primitive brains and certainly nothing close to any sort of moral-and-role-enforcing-'society' nevertheless engage in very rigid gender roles is tremendous. What evidence do you have? A fantasy on how you 'think' you 'might' feel with not a shred of evidence to back it up.
Yeah, I'd agree, I would tackle the amnesia first. Who gave it to them? Why? An enemy? If so, why were they left alive? You might be better off fully embracing a modern fantasy setting to give yourself easier answers to these questions.
The frequency of processors can't really be compared unless they're the same model. It tells you how fast the processor completes clock cycles, but not how productive each cycle is. A processor that completes more calculations per cycle can be far better than a processor that completes cycles faster but is less productive per cycle. They really ought to advertise them as flops per second or something of the sort instead of just frequency.
I don't think there is one, honestly. I just use benchmarks. Basically looking at Tom's Hardware and Anandtech to see which runs better.
I don't want to be reminded of that steaming turd unless some actual work is going into fixing it. As in, continuing the plot of the Milky Way. I would take that sort of reference as an insult and nothing else.
What they wrote in the original trilogy on the topic was nothing but a stupidly incoherent mess that I can't say two words about without running into a gaping plothole. So let's really hope not.
I suppose we'll find out if Bioware thought up anything. Might be something to do with not having Mass Relays. That being said, I don't really think 'space' would be an issue, in that an advanced race must necessarily expand to all available territory.
I remember when I first got ME 3 and the damn face import didn't work, I was able to pull the proper codes off the Xbox onto PC with a program called Modio and a flash drive. Might look into that if you're really dedicated.
Lol no. More like 'these are the themes shoehorned into the last five minutes of the third game in a laughably incompetent fashion.'
I'm incredibly concerned this game is going to be very sub-par story and writing wise, but it's not because of a lack of information. It's because of the information they've showed us. That, and what was present in DA:I. The gameplay, graphics, and animations of the series have always left me very satisfied overall. Not perfect, but no video game is.
I don't care what Patrick Weekes or any of the other writers say. Not only is their competence under extremely serious question, they have every reason to fudge the truth to make themselves look better. By the way, what kind of ridiculous nonsense is 'friends' as a theme? You could say that of literally any work of fiction where characters work together and like each other. What role did 'friends' play in the resolution of the central conflict? What role did 'alliances' play? Completely and utterly zero. He would have been more accurate to say 'magic problem solving Crucible button' is a theme.
Irrelevant if it's not properly done in the story we see, which it isn't. The guns the characters fire need metal slugs and the starships need fuel. That does not make mining facilities a 'theme' of the series because the characters needed them to be effective.
The mass effect is not a theme. It's not a conflict. It's a tool the story uses to try and make the technology plausible. And that's really it. Conflicts are what drive stories, not this.
You're not seeing anything new. You're seeing the same speech, the same threats, the same plan, the same defeat you've seen a thousand times before. None of that is 'new' because it comes from a character the same as all the others before him but is painted green now. Or has spikes on his ahead. Or is short and has a beard.
&gt; A human antagonist has a very obvious advantage over alien overlords or galactic conspiracies: By this you mean 'human sized'? Since actually being a member of the human species has nothing to do with it at all? A salarian or turian could fulfill the role of a 'small level' antagonist just as well.
Are you out of your mind? How hard is it to understand that these are not 'aliens' in any meaningful sense? They speak exactly like humans, act exactly like humans, move exactly like humans, think exactly like humans, want and desire the exact same thing humans do. An asari is literally - literally - a blue human with a slightly different shaped head. That is what BioWare does to make an asari. They take a human and make her blue and give her a fringe. Just like a dwarf is a short human with a beard. Just like an elf is a skinny human with some tattoos. Are you really so gullible that you think that when BioWare goes into their software and changes the skin color from pink to blue a character magically transforms from a relatable, sympathetic, understanding mind, to a mystical, mysterious, foreign creature beyond our understanding? Because an artist at BioWare clicked the 'blue' paint button instead of the 'pink' paint button?
What is this book supposed to be about? You've got a setting, which is nice, but it's just a setting. What's the plot? What are your characters trying to accomplish throughout the story?
Make very, very, very sure your tragedy is actually meaningful. Do not make the overwhelmingly common mistake that just because bad things happen ,your story has anything worthwhile to say or that your audience has any reason to care. The worst failing a writer can commit is to be pointless. Also, stay true to your tone. If you're writing a tragedy, make sure your audience is aware of it. Surprising them in the last five pages is not clever or innovative, it's stupid.
I certainly wouldn't mind an antagonist that shares the protagonists size, resources, and skill set. (Something seen very rarely in video games. Usually antagonists are either physically huge compared to the player, rich enough to fund entire armies against them, or have some power or ability the player doesn't. Very rarely do you see an antagonist who succeeds not because of special abilities or resources, but because he's more skilled than the protagonist and that's all there is to it. Although unfortunately players of RPGs seem to generally be vehemently enraged by the idea that 'their' character is not the most badass person in existence ever, ever, and are incredulous of the concept of them losing a fight simply because they were the inferior warrior.') I could do without the rather cartoonish team vs. team, however.
Make sure to check your taskbar and that you're not running any other applications, if you haven't already. Windows and particularly new computers with Windows have a tendency to run a lot of unwelcome crap passively. After that, check if other games work. Preferably more modern games, if you have any. That should tell you if it's a resource issue or not.
I didn't say anything about it being rational or plausible or not. Plausibility is not the issue. I'm completely aware people can and often are stupid and petty. The issues are, firstly, making your audience care about your story, which hinges on them liking your characters, and, secondly, making sure you as an author are honest to the audience about your characters. And since dramatic stories set in physically adventurous and dangerous settings (such as post apocalypse) pretty much universally try to portray their characters as capable, intelligent badasses, that means making sure your characters actually *are* capable, intelligent badasses and not clowns who can't accomplish anything.
&gt; Yeah, institutionalizing your opinions is usually called fascism. You should probably not use words you clearly do not understand.
Sure. Education. Lesson #1. Nobody intelligent is going to take you very seriously when you invent silly definitions for things you don't like and nonsensically tie them to things that have nothing in common for very shallow and obvious shock value. Like fascism.
It's almost tempting to go back. Buy a month's membership, walk around Varrock, do all the noob level quests again, hear all the music, go fishing in Catherby...Maybe I should...I don't have to ask Mom to borrow her credit card and promise to do my homework anymore nowadays. Is the Grand Exchange in there? I hate that piece of shit, it was so much better going to World 2 Fally to the swarm of people buying and selling everything. Are there crowded words, or is everything deserted? Also, isn't it like the tenth anniversary of the Falador Massacre?
It's a sign of the Post being willing to pay clowns for their work so long as the topic is vaguely hip and progressive sounding.
I wouldn't be so sure that loading actually will be faster. Might be, but who knows.
They do, but I think loading times might have more to do with the read speed of the hard drive. Don't know enough about hardware to say for sure, though.
I would really recommend science instead. (Not biology, though.) I finished my minor in math a little over a month ago, and the bulk of what i was doing I didn't fully understand and was pretty much relying on memorization, and some of it I didn't understand at all. I scraped by Calculus III (Vector Calculus) with a C on my second try. It wasn't until E&amp;M 2 that it started to click as real values with meaning that were all there for a reason instead of just a jumble of symbols. Point is, whatever that point in math is where it stops being mostly memorization and starts being an interesting and intuitive puzzle is probably above the level all but a very few people care to commit to.
Grunt is too high, and EDI way too low. But not bad, as far as internet rankings go.
Keep : - The basic persuasion system. These were some of the best written lines from Shepard in the game, both well reasoned and well spoken. - No class impact on story, or un-forshadowed companion impact on missions. This is how it should be. - Some sort of missions analogous to the 'loyalty missions.' In other words, missions that have a personal connection to a companion, with lots of dialogue and involvement from them. These were some of the strongest character moments of the series. DA:I shows how to do this very wrong. Do not copy it. - Romances that as much as possible tie into the plot. LotSB is a perfect example of this done so, so right. The romances in DA:I (and pretty much all RPGs honestly) are an example of doing it so, so wrong. There is really very little point in a romance 'story' that boils down to "I like you, do you like me? Let's bang." Of course, that's more or less how Liara's romance is in the original ME 1 as well...it took time to develop.
You really should be careful about getting your perspectives on the world from television.
You need to understand that there's really no such thing as 'aliens' or even 'nonhuman' characters in fiction (and perhaps real life) in any real sense. You're not going to come up with any even slightly rational idea for your alien characters to think up or live by that some human somewhere has not thought up and probably written a book about. I've seen people foolishly determined for their characters to be 'alien' to the point of basically abandoning rationality and give their aliens ridiculous, completely absurd beliefs and practices that clearly could not sustain a society because they were so bent on trying to avoid human morality. So don't try to make your characters incomprehensible to humans. They'll just look stupid. End of the day, your aliens are going to have human brains. Which is perfectly fine. Accept it. Move on. If you want to portray something different, my advice is to either give your aliens some sort of biological ability or trait humans lack, or put them in a setting very different from Earth. And think about how humans would act and how society would be different if it was us in those circumstances.
Might be something to do with lacking Mass Relays. BioWare has unfortunately been substantially less competent at addressing these sorts of holes than I would like recently. I can absolutely guarantee, that, because of gameplay, there is going to be at least one (very common) enemy type that uses 'human' weapons and tactics. Guns, shields, armor, taking cover, and so forth. So they're not going to all be animals with melee attacks or whatever.
And how would you avoid making technology looking weak and pointless when the highest level of technology is about as easy for the player to defeat as the lowest level? (As is necessary for a smooth gameplay difficulty.) And besides, defining 'levels' of technology in science fiction is seriously harder than you might think at first glance. Something like a rifle is a rifle is a rifle. There's only so much you can do to plausibly improve it, how are supposed to differentiate between a 'futuristic' rifle and super-futuristic rifle. Even the Reapers, which are supposed to be utter pinnacle of hyperadvanced technology, really aren't shown to possess anything all that different from the other species. They're pretty much just bigger, with bigger guns and heavier armor.
I might as well just install a mod if I'm doing that.
Then you either haven't tried many speech checks or my game is bugged to hell. Because I fail them with 9 charisma all. the. time. Including easy ones.
Oblivion's was far better then this crap. I never missed out on significant chunks of content from Oblivion.
That doesn't excuse anything.
Putting aside that I have no idea where I'd get that many grape mentats, I don't know when the speech checks are coming beforehand.
&gt; why should a poor person work their butt off while some rich kid burns money and drinks cocktails all day long? Simple. Because freedom means freedom to be unfair. Do I do seriously believe my friends are the best and most deserving people on the planet? No. Any man I meet on the street might be better and more deserving. So why might I treat my friends to vacations and expensive meals and so forth and not the man on the street? Ultimately, because of luck. The circumstances of luck that led me to meeting them and befriending them and not the 7 billion other strangers on Earth. It's obviously unfair. But it's reality I don't see changing. And obviously this can be generalized to many things. Being beautiful, being born in the right family, winning the lottery, having the connections to land a good career, being born in the first world instead of the third, etc. Much of what we want and desire and love in this world is based upon luck. And yet we desire and want and love it nonetheless.
Don't really see how running a coop is in any way anti-capitalist whatsoever, but whatever.
I shouldn't have to do that to enjoy the game. That being said, I'm going to install a mod that does basically the same thing.
I don't. I don't recognize the idea that feudalism and such were not capitalism or socialism. Property is either private or public, and since all civilizations have excluded people from control over property, all of human history is therefore capitalist. Now, upon accepting all human history is capitalist, we can clearly see there are many successes and failures within capitalism across a vast variety of arenas that have nothing to do with capitalism itself.
If you have any suggestions for how such concepts might be 'fought' that don't demand the obliteration of the concept of value, I'm all ears.
No. I'm referring to the fact that these are all behaviors based on the concept of value. Beauty, for example, is something we value. Which is why we treat beautiful people better than ugly people. Every proposal to eliminate the unfairness of beauty demands the obliteration of that concept of value. People must no longer be allowed to value beautiful people more, or it will inevitably manifest in their behaviors. We see people attempting to obliterate concepts of value all the time. Consider the phrase 'All bodies are beautiful.' The obvious objective is to turn 'beauty' into a meaningless, empty word that carries no value. Clearly, it means nothing if it applies to everyone , yes? If there is literally no possible concept of an ugly human? This is done because only with the obliteration of value can people be made equal. Of course, these attempts have been ridiculous failures. All of this goes against basic tenets of rationality and are therefore unacceptable.
I don't really know what that means or how it's supposed to connect. Also, I'm not sure many socialists would agree when I spell out the consequences. Such as, for example, me tipping attractive people more, which I know I do. Being much more likely to hire someone if they're attractive, to listen to them, to help them.
I agree. They don't deserve it. But that's not enough. Human interaction is a two-person experience. Doesn't matter how much one of them deserves or doesn't deserve something, you can't obligate the other into placing value on something. You can't make them want it.
Does your 'ideology' understand the concept of numbers? The concept that if there are very many people who want something and very few willing to provide it, most of those very many are out of luck?
The combat sucks in the first game, and the story really doesn't heat up until Virmire. So stick with it. Choose a tech class in ME 1 so you can actually open loot without dragging Tali everywhere. There are a few sidequests you can't complete without tech skills as well. You can do everything without biotics however, so don't sweat having a biotic on your team or not. (This was thankfully scrapped in the second and third games, and you can remake your character, so when you start ME 2 you can just choose a class that sounds fun.) I highly recommend you do the main missions in ME 1 in the order of Therum (Find Liara) -&gt; Feros -&gt; Virmire -&gt; Noveria. Make sure to talk to everyone on the ship after each of these major missions. Max out your charm, and use it at every opportunity.
That scene was dumb as hell.
Not for big budget films. I imagine they're a lot more common for 'indie' movies and television. That being said, there is no doubt in my mind that we 'live in an era' of pretend morality, with the underlying assuming that 'more tragic' and 'more grey' is the path towards maturity and intelligence. I'm nothing short of disgusted by most 'tragic' stories I have the displeasure of experiencing.
...Are you claiming it's good writing to build up interest and then abandon it at it's peak? Because that's ridiculous. It goes against the basic principles of a story. Any idiot can build up suspense or intrigue. That's the easiest thing in the world. Any idiot can leave clues, feed the audience hints, and get the audience asking questions about what's going on. The part that counts is being able to put your money where your mouth is when the time comes.
Yes. They're just as nonsensical. The first one is not a comedy, period. The second one is reliant on a ridiculous contrivance. What happens if they aren't a monster, if their wife and kids and trainer love and support them, and if they've become healthier than ever training? That is irrefutably 'protagonist's arc leads them to victory' as you said, but nobody could argue it as a tragedy.
I really don't understand what you're trying to say. I can think of plenty of 'happy endings' where the climax has characters at their 'emotional peak' and the story ends very shortly afterwards. That's...kinda the point of a climax, isn't it?
Microsoft Word Spellchecker.
Stardew Valley.
&gt; When in doubt, raise the stakes. That's a one way ticket to a villain you have no idea how your heroes can counter, and therefore a weak ending usually based on some magic contrivance. Horrible advice.
1. Decide beforehand what the conflict is. Is the struggle with the villain the true conflict of the story? Often, it isn't. And if not, your villain can be much more simple and their defeat much less climatic. 2. If it is the true conflict, the actions of the hero and villain should be personifications an ideas that are in conflict. The defeat of the villain should be the resolution of that conflict. Ask yourself why the hero is superior to the villain, despite the villain's apparent advantages. That reason 'why' needs to be the reason the hero is triumphant.
Momentum needs to be conserved. If the air was being pushed up, the helicopter would be pushed down.
Nope. I can definitely think of heroic protagonists that are ideal from the start, and therefore do not grow. That said, they always have allies or friends who *do* grow. So you should have it, but it doesn't have to apply to every single character or even to the protagonist.
Sure. Probably my favorite character in fiction: Commander Shepard of the Mass Effect series. It's somewhat common for RPG characters in general, since players do not like having flaws imposed on 'their' characters.
Eehh...maybe...most of the mechanics that a lot of people think give games unique potential as a fictional medium have had mediocre to poor results. They often obscure what makes actual good writing in favor of gimmicks. But don't get me started. Mass Effect is my favorite story, but there are so, so, so many things I hate about it.
Romance is still drama. Make sure you have a conflict.
Have you played these games? How long does it take to circle a planet?
Mmm. A quick google search tells me Earth has about 500 trillion square meters of surface area. If we assume a developer uses one bit of data for every square meter, that's still 62 terabytes of data to make just one Earth-sized planet, again, with a quality of one bit per square meter. 1,200 times the capacity of a Blu-Ray disc used for the XB1 and PS4. Now, they could no doubt cut that down greatly by making many of these procedurally generated areas redundant (which in my mind rather nullifies the whole point of procedural generation), but I think you get the idea. Forget filling up planets, you don't even have enough data to hold them.
No, that is absolutely how procedural generation works. Your little wink does not impress me, and I actually do understand what functions and algebra are. All you're talking about is whether that data is persistently stored or not, and in most games, it is stored.
America?
Lol. It's time to grow up from the kiddie table of philosophy, my friend. I feel like I'm listening to an episode of Barney. Does 'discrimination' hurt your fee-fees? The reality, of course, is that the government has countless policies that discriminate by gender. The reality is that very, very, very few people have any inkling what the consequences of the abolition of gender would be, and even fewer would be prepared to accept them.
I've found that probably 95% of people who use the term 'plot armor' don't really have any idea what it means in the first place. So perhaps make sure you have a clear idea of what it is first.
My goodness, you're a stingy one aren't you? It's really quite simple. 'Plot armor' is a term overwhelmingly used incompetently by amateurish critics who have no understanding or even awareness of concepts such as the Theory of Narrative Causality. Mostly it seems to be some vague idea that the protagonist is less likely to die than any other character because he is 'protected by the plot,' and to be a well-written story without 'plot armor,' the protagonist must be as likely to die as anyone else. Which of course is all just nonsense. You do have a full understanding of the Theory of Narrative Causality, right?
We're going to need more information than 'two guys meet.' Maybe you could describe the setting and your characters a bit.
General rule of thumb of writing is that you only introduce as many characters or factions that you actually use. It's not good to have lots of people sitting around doing nothing in your story.
All you can do is lead the horse to water. If you want your reader to feel wonder, your only option is to make the settings or events or whatever of your writing as wondrous as possible and hope for the best. That's quite a bit harder for writers than for a visual medium, but there you go. It will definitely be annoying if you excessively praise your own settings. Don't do that. Don't go excessively gushing about how 'awesome' or 'amazing' or 'incredible' your world is. That's like laughing at your own jokes. Try to describe your world more-or-less neutrally. If you do feel that praise is warrented, you might try and keep it within character dialogue, so that way it's not 'official' from the narrator.
TV Tropes is usually solid. Not perfect, but then anyone can edit it.
Really? I don't think Goldman Sachs would approve of that. You might change their mind if you make enough hashtags, though. Yes, that's clearly where your effort needs to be.
Do you know what this 'super futuristic tech' is supposed to look like? How would it be different from technology seen in the previous games?
What is this new technology supposed to actually do? What is it supposed to look like?
Which Dragon Age? Inquisition did a pathetically incompetent job, entirely dependent on having every friendly character gush how 'awesome' the protagonist is at every opportunity despite him being a useless dullard. I don't want to think about the mental state of BioWare players for them to eat that sort of thing up so easily and gleefully.
&gt; I believe the main reason this didn't happen was the amount of work it would be to code in interactions that would only happen if you had chosen a specific class. That depends. Would these interrupts be available to every class, just animated differently? Or would they be actions exclusively for certain classes? So, for example, would we have maybe a biotic interrupt that can save a character from falling to their death, but other classes just have to sit and watch them die? Because that would enrage me. That would be completely idiotic writing, and completely idiotic game design. But if we're talking the same scenes, just with different animations...yes, the main problem would indeed be the work required to animate the scene over and over. There are some other concerns that are above the heads of most players, but that's certainly the biggest.
It's an issue in an abysmal state. If all BioWare has to do to have their playerbase squealing in delight is put in enough kissy-kissy romance scenes, or happy-laughy friendship scenes, or awesome-awesome-you-are-the-super-awesomest-person-ever scenes, no matter how idiotic or trite those scenes actually are, we are fucked. They'll never do anything else because all those things are supremely easy. There is not one moment in the entire story where the Inquisitor did or said one single thing I would call intelligent or determined. The only moment I would call courageous is during siege of Haven. And yet BioWare thinks they're in a position to call him the bestest most awesomest hero ever over and over and over and over again. That is more than pathetically unacceptable, it's incredibly offensive.
Make sure you know what satire is. A lot of people don't seem to know the difference between satire and parody.
As long as the goal could be accomplished another way, that would be acceptable.
It's not that romance or friendship moments are bad, they aren't. They just can't be the only thing. If the plot is crap, or a character arc is crap, it doesn't become good because BioWare slaps in a scene of characters being friends and giggling together or the protagonist kissing his girlfriend. The ending of Inquisiton is probably the worst ending I've encountered in any work of fiction, and yet a lot of people seem to think it's great because they get a scene on the balcony with their romance character. It's just cheap, trite wish fulfillment. &gt; Every BioWare game has the PC doing extraordinary things No, that's the point. Inquisition *doesn't* have that. It doesn't have that at all. The writing constantly treats the Inquisitor as if he's super-duper amazing, as if he's super brave, super determined, super intelligent, super charismatic, super competent. And these things *never happen.* They never actually show up in the story. The only moment I can think of, is, like I said, the siege of Haven. He's not a hero. He's a dullard. I literally can not think of one single powerful line from the Inquisitor. Not one. I can think of many for Shepard. (Although Mass Effect does lay on the praise rather thick sometimes as well. But it's not anywhere near as bad.) The companions are probably even worse.
Ah, that's the great thing about power, ain't it? You can reject it to your little heart's content and it will happen anyway. This of course confuses and enrages the typical Redditor to no end.
I noticed in ME3 Shepard doesn't poke his head out from behind cover occasionally like he does in ME 2. That was a nice touch in ME 2 that I don't think I've seen in other games.
Have you met Archangel yet?
You can pretty much only have one relationship per game. Once you've chosen someone, everyone else will say "No."
Of course. What is the liberal feminist definition of "woman?" A woman is someone who identifies as a woman, they say. That concept, that a "woman" is someone who identifies as a woman, is the fundamental idea behind transgenderism, wouldn't you agree? This definition of 'women' is a definition purposefully constructed to mean literally nothing. It's a void, a non-concept. And if woman is a word that literally means nothing, you can obviously see how gender literally means nothing as well. It's as absurd as me saying "I want to be a Zharlog." A deliberately meaningless, made up word. What's a Zharlog? Well, it's what I want to be. The entire concept is clearly fails to abide by any sort of logic, and thus so does transgenderism. You cannot 'want' or 'identify' as a non-concept.
I understand if these concepts are over your head. The typical Redditor is much happier with what I think we might call "Barney Politics." Redditors like hearing things such as "We just need to stop *hating* people and *love* people." My style of reasoning tends to frustrate and confuse them.
Oh, I think it must be over your head if you think a simple, abundantly clear, very well written little explanation like that is a 'word salad.'
Well, we already say no to many, many different groups, all the time, in all sorts of ways. So yes, we should drop the paper-thin delusion that we don't. Because it's obvious hypocrisy, and because equality is a foolish concept to begin with.
Do you understand the difference between 'treating women the same as men' and 'a clear disconnect of women being equal to men'? I can assure you there is one. This advice seems to be along the lines you "If you do not perceive men and women identically, you are hateful bigot and need to fix yourself." Let's not contribute to the very abysmal epidemic of pretend morality plaguing the writing community, hmm?
The word 'only' does not mean what you seem to think it means.
Do yourself a favor and stick to explaining technical medical concepts. This clearly has nothing to do with actual medicine and everything to do with you being upset that background characters of your profession are rightfully treated as the background characters they are.
Oh, am I mistaken? This seems to me like a pretty simple deduction. Why don't you clear things up for me? Are writers obliged to treat women identically to men, or are they not?
My God. I guess "Women are people" is the intellectual pinnacle of analysis of gender in fiction. At least to seemingly everyone in this thread. That's as smart we get, huh?
That sounds like a very reasonable position, actually. But law or no law, these people are living on borrowed time. They have maybe...30 years? Maybe more, maybe less. 30 years before cheap and reliable robots come along that can replace a lot of that manual labor. Not all of it, obviously. But a lot of it.
The reason it was given center stage for the campaign was because it's persuasive, and Trump knows it. It's short and simple and gives an immediate mental image and promise of action everyone can easily understand. A lot of people criticize that for being short and simple instead of 'real policy,' but you'd have to be pretty foolish to think political advertising is ever about thorough reasoning, for any party.
Because very, very few people would see any practical benefit in their lives to putting a man on Mars. While lots of people have had their lives made worse by immigration, both legal and illegal.
You can't just say "Immigration is all the same." It's not. And even if it was, the world is not the same. The same manual labor that may have very valuable and productive 150 years might well be nearly useless today. Look, Everyone in America is told - and has been told for decades at this point - that 'diversity' is the ultimate, unquestionable good in society. By every school and university, by every government institution, by every corporation that bothers to advertise, and of course by the Democratic Party and leftists. There is a massive, massive amount of continual, never-ending praise, and an extremely tiny amount of any actual analysis or science of what diversity actually does or means. And it's all just so pathetic. So childish. So meaningless in the real world. It acts as if life is nothing but sitting down at a restaurant, and looking at all the delicious food to order, and 'diversity' is nothing but adding more delicious, exotic meals to the menu. And who in their right mind could oppose such a wonderful thing? But life is not a restaurant. The simple and irrefutable reality is that immigration and diversity in general brings incredibly serious problems. Problems with poverty, problems with labor, problems with crime, problems with community, problems with culture and identity. And when people have tried to talk about these problems, the Democratic Party's response has been to squeal in glee of how lucky they are to get to experience them, how delightful and amazing these problems must be (since very, very few of the people making such decisions have ever had to experience any of the negative effects) because they're 'diverse' and 'multicultural.' So, yes, people are contemptuous of that.
They don't 'trace.' They match. And they do it by firing the gun in a laboratory and comparing the rifling marks on the bullet.
I guess I must be, if I'm the only one able to grasp anything higher than the 'Women are people' epiphany that is taken as the intellectual pinnacle here. As mentioned in my other comment.
I think you might want to work of your grasp of sarcasm, if you didn't understand that.
Easy. Just make sure it has an actual point. Everyone knows being depressed sucks. Everyone knows being lonely sucks. If all that happens is your protagonist has a miserable life, mopes around for a while, and then decides to go kill himself, you've wasted the audience's time and attention and betrayed their expectation. Why should anyone care? Why did you even bother telling us the story? However, this applies every bit as much to the solution as the actual problem. So if your protagonist is depressed, and then decides he's going to have a new lease on life one day, goes and meets a beautiful girl and lives happily after after...yeah, that's a happy ending, but it's ultimately just as pointless. Characters need to struggle. They probably should not be able to overcome whatever problems they're facing without some kind of suffering. But that struggle also needs to be meaningful. It should almost always result in some sort of triumph, even if that triumph isn't the one they were expecting or aiming for.
Hmm. That really depends on what you mean by 'honesty.'
Why not science?
Seeing as Ryder is inevitably going to kill all the bad guys with his Milky Way ship and Milky Way weapons...probably not.
You buy a legal business, take the illegal cash from your criminal activity, and put it into the cash register and claim its income from your legal business. You report it on your taxes like legal income. The money is now clean.
Easy for whom? For you, or for the character? Because, as a video game, yes, it's easy. It's incredibly easy to choose the blue dialog option and succeed at whatever confrontation is going on. You just press a button on your plastic controller. Just like it's incredibly easy to gun your way through dozens of armored enemies with automatic weapons. Like it's incredibly easy to have a half-dozen supermodels all competing to be your girlfriend. Like it's incredibly easy to be the most badass person alive. All of these things are incredibly easy, yes? Because it's a video game. Because it's a computer program literally designed for just about anyone to be able to do all of that with a reasonable minimum of frustration. Is it easy for the character to be good guy? Which is what matters? No. Not in a well-written game. Ideally, these 'persuasion' options only succeed because of great intelligence and charisma on behalf of the characters. It's not easy for them at all.
Actually, New Vegas is a great example of the exact failing nearly all 'Grey Morality' choices run into.
I don't think you understand at all what the purpose of a story is or how it functions. 99.9999% of the things that happen in the real world would be terrible, idiotically incompetent writing. Do we tell stories about Joe Average, who goes to his office cubicle and looks at spreadsheets all day? Do we tell stories about Bob, who browses his phone for hours while he endures his tedious job as a gas station clerk? Do we tell stories about Peasant John, who lives in Fantasy-Land but has a quiet existence growing cabbages and potatoes and never once in his life picks up a sword or casts a magic spell? No. What happens, or what is most common in the 'real world' is irrelevant to writing. Saying that a story needs to feature 'grey morality' because it's necessary to show the 'real world' is as nonsensical as saying all fantasy video games need to be about Peasant John since his life was 1000x more common than life of a knight.
All that is doing is introducing a pointless hurdle by having the player confused when they can't figure out what the paraphrase means. In addition, 95% of dialogue is not making any choice, it's just whether the character is being polite or not. Having every dialogue option become a puzzle just to have your character say "Thank You" instead of "Go Fuck Yourself" for a complete generic, mundane conversation would be a pointless annoyance and likely slow the pace of conversation down significantly. Terrible idea.
What exactly do you think is the point of these choices not paying off? What exactly do you think that is supposed to accomplish?
It's absolutely about that. And you're wrong. It has nothing at all to do what what I prefer or am uncomfortable with. I'm not uncomfortable with any of it, just disgusted and contemptuous. And while it no doubt comes off as arrogant, it's absolutely a sign of superior understanding on my part. This is not about one morality being better. It's about meaning and pointlessness. And pointlessness is what you're advocating.
By all means, enjoy your fantasies all day long. Write your fanfiction, draw your pictures, buy your merchandise, whatever. Just please, don't be foolish enough to think you've been enlightened of some brutal truth about what 'strength' is because you saw it on television. I really don't think that's too much to ask. Don't you think that's very reasonable?
If you want choices to punish you 'realistically', (you don't) it would come down a hell of a lot harder on evil characters than good in pretty much every RPG. To copy and paste a comment I wrote months ago... There seem to be a lot of people who look at games where taking the 'good' choices pay off and say the 'good' option is the optimistic, yet risky choice, and the 'evil' option or whatever you want to call it is the safe, practical, pragmatic choice. And they complain how 'unrealistic' it is that the 'risky' good choices always pay off, and that a mature, sophisticated, intelligent, modern RPG should have 'good' choices fail sometimes to demonstrate that the good guys don't always win, and here in the real world, being 'practical' and 'pragmatic' is what gets results far more often then having good ideals. But that's really all nonsense. It has nothing to do with 'pragmatic' or 'practical,' and in fact, reality is far closer to the opposite: It's the *evil* choices that RPGs overwhelmingly give players a free pass with. In pretty much every large scale RPG in existence, you can do whatever you want because you are Just That Badass. You're given freedom to murder who you want, offend who you want, break whatever laws you want, without anyone or anything ever seriously getting in your way. Because you're Just That Badass. You never get sent to prison, and if you do, you break out in 2 minutes. None of your teammates ever shoot you in the back of the head - despite often being characterized as extremely driven, dedicated people who will and sometimes do literally die for their ideals, they'll meekly submit to whatever you do, because you're Just That Badass. At worst, they'll raise a fuss, and be swiftly executed and tossed aside, righteously punished for daring to get into your way. They're no match for you, because you're Just That Badass. Nobody ever sends actually effective people after you for your crimes. Any problem you encounter and any naysayer who disagrees can be shot or shouted into submission because you're Just That Badass. See where this is going? Now, I don't begrudge any of that. It's a complete necessity, because video games are about fun. But let's not pretend this is what 'realism' looks like.
&gt; very challenging to defeat Relative to what? In general, nope, not going to happen.
Well memed, my friend.
&gt; Good apocalypse stories pose impossible questions that have no right answers, and few if any somewhat good answers. They're about "needs must" and "desperate times" and "I can't believe it's come to this." That's a complete load of crap. You've clearly confused your 'Walking Dead' fantasies with rules of actual good writing.
Don't listen to this ridiculous nonsense. Post-apocalyptic is not a *genre,* it is a *setting.* No, post apocalyptic settings absolutely do not depend on 'questions that have no answers.' That is completely, factually wrong. There is plenty of post-apocalyptic fiction where there are clear right and wrong answers to the struggles the characters face. There is plenty of post-apocalyptic fiction that is not particularly dangerous or desperate. There is plenty of post-apocalyptic fiction where characters aren't really concerned about their immediate survival. Post-apocalyptic fiction is in general no more dangerous than other 'epic' setting where violence is common - which is a huge swath of science fiction and fantasy.
&gt; The Hero or Heroine begins their respective journey as figurative or literal children possessing traits associated with being immaturity and or weakness That would make 99.9999% of adults figurative or literal children? It's all relative, I suppose. To answer your question, there are stories where the hero is Ideal from the beginning, and therefore does not mature or grow. Stories need conflict, but it doesn't need to internal.
Equality.
What do you think Assisted Reality is going to allow people to do, exactly?
Maybe you can help me answer this question: Why are many RPG players so fixated on such an irrelevant classification? Literally for any RPG with different species, the very first demand on many player's lips when talking about a character is what race is he. They squeal in glee when a developer announces a character is going to be a krogan or quarian as if they automatically means they're going to be cool and awesome. They grind their teeth in rage and frustration when a human character is announced as if they're somehow doomed to being boring. I really just do not get it at all. Maybe it's just a large swath of the audience is just incredibly swallow and very easily fooled.
This sort of thing is exactly why I'm slowly being convinced that the people claiming romance drags down RPGs are right.
This alludes to yet another issue concerning the widespread failure of any real analysis of evil in fiction. What is 'Renegade' or 'evil' in video games in general? Paragon is easy, mostly. Be kind to people who deserve it, bring justice to those who don't, and be polite to everyone else. Renegade isn't as easy, is it? Paragon is obviously saving Wrex. Is 'Renegade' killing Wrex, or talking him down using Intimidate? We might break it down into fours types of evil: 'Pragmatic' evil: The character commits evil acts for a real or imagined 'greater' good, and therefore is not evil when no greater good will be obtained. Selfish evil: The character commits evil acts for personal benefit, and therefore is not evil when no personal benefit is obtained. Sadistic evil: The character commits evil acts to inflict suffering on others, and therefore might commit evil even at a personal loss. Psychopathic Evil: The character has no goal or guidelines, commits evil randomly.
So you *do* think characters automatically become interesting by making them short and giving them a beard? By having a beard and being short, that turns a boring lame human character into an exciting interesting dwarf character saying the exact same lines?
That might be true if romance existed in a vacuum, and had no effect on the rest of the story. But that's not how it works. If writers already have a strong, well-written character arc, then yes, perhaps adding an optional romance that is basically "I like you, you like me, let's bang" doesn't harm anything. The problem is writers who don't have a character arc thinking they can add a romance and then they're done. That the "I like you, you like me, let's bang" is good enough by itself, and now they don't need anything else.
Uh-huh. And what do you think Renegade is, exactly?
True. I was overall very satisfied with Tali and Garrus' romance arcs. I just don't want another Inquisition, with a piece of shit story that gets approval anyway just because of a kissy scene on the balcony at the end.
My advice is for you to embrace the goofiness. Pretend you're playing Grand Theft Auto. Kill and insult as many people as you can, for no reason.
It sounds like you've bought into the fantasy a little heavily, my friend. When you murder someone because you *think* they *might* be a criminal, that's Murder in the First Degree. You go to prison for several decades, at minimum. You know what changes when they actually *do* turn out to have been a criminal? Nothing. You don't get a different sentence because of information you couldn't have known at the time. You don't really actually think this is what 'determination' looks like, right?
You can find artist's impressions and some pictures online easily enough. If they're good enough for a professional artist working for NASA, I'm sure they're good enough for your readers. I would be less concerned about that and more concerned about all the logistics of setting up settlements.
Yes, that's the 'thinking she was a criminal' I just mentioned. Do you think that's something that would hold up in court?
&gt; And theres no court, stop with the paragon bullshit plz. Right, exactly. It's a fantasy, yes? Renegade is a fantasy where we never have to deal with tedious things like courts and prisons and not being able to gun down anyone who disagrees with us.
I literally can not think of a single story where a 'chosen one prophecy' is actually played straight. Where it doesn't turn out either to be made up by someone, a trick or trap by the enemy, or simply irrelevant.
Well, sure. But obviously that doesn't mean anything, right? Since BioWare completely controls the story and the universe and they can make anything they want happen. There's all sorts of ways they can enable the fantasy of "I can do whatever I want, and I don't face consequences." They can put the character above the law, they can make him into a Superman who is immune to everyone, they can populate their universe with imbeciles too stupid to implement basic systems of justice...the list goes on. It's all ultimately different means to the same end, isn't it? The same fantasy?
See, this is the abysmal understanding of 'evil' I've spoken about in several previous comments. The decisions Ryder will likely be making in the game are not 'personality.' Good and evil are not 'personality.' These are, or should be, decisions about very powerful, dangerous things. Decisions about suffering, decisions about loss and death, decisions about morality and virtue. Whether a person's room is clean or not is so stupidly petty compared to such things that it's not even worth mentioning. And by putting them on the same level by having the ship reflect your decisions, it treats good and evil like personality quirks. I like strawberry! You like chocolate! I like my ship to be neat and orderly! I like my ship to be messy and laid back! I think killing innocent people is wrong! I think killing innocent people is cool and awesome! Does that sound like a mature examination of evil to you?
That would tell me that BioWare is shooting for something other than trite wish fulfillment and 'awesomeness.' It would improve my outlook slightly.
I'm not feeling particularly good about swinging around a 'krogan hammer,' whatever that is. I really do not like how 'anime-esque' the combat has been in Dragon Age. It makes the characters look weak and ridiculous and sucks the weight and power out of combat. Please tell me Ryder is not going to be swinging around a 300 pound hammer like it's a twig, and doing about the damage a twig would when it actually hits the enemy.
Mmm. I suppose that's not too bad. At least it's just one big strike instead of it being twirled around. It's still not clean or elegant at all, though.
Of course, also somewhat silly when our 22nd century weapons inevitably haven't figured out 20th century innovations yet for some reason. Like fluted barrels in this case. But so it goes, huh?
Because it apparently wasn't obvious, I'm talking about animations, and yes, there are absolutely clean and elegant animations of combat and messy animations of combat. A clean animation is smooth. It's natural - it mimics real human motion and speed. And while elegance is difficult to define, most would agree that a large part of it is cutting unneeded distraction. Like that gigantic explosion that appears, probably in part to hide a lack of any solid animation of the hammer hitting the enemy. You should learn the difference between an action and an animation if you think that's a 'contradiction.' You can absolutely have beautiful animations of combat and terrible animations of something like dancing. I gotta say, it does get rather tedious to be downvoted about 80% of the time I correctly address a technical topic. Are these issues just too high-level for people on this forum?
Yes, the meaningful difference is that good fiction is not *just* wish fulfillment. It provides something else.
I don't mind these animations for a multiplayer segment of a 5 year old game released on obsolete hardware. But Inquisition's animations were not fine at all. They were significantly below-par for a late 2014 AAA game. If Andromeda is animated with the same philosophy of 'the more sparkly, glowly, explodely things we can have on screen, the better,' that's certainly not fine. That's downright amatuerish. We'll see, but so far, I'm not impressed. Also, I stand by that comment 100%. If people become this angry when I patiently point out how their delusions of intellectualism concerning evil are just power fantasies, maybe they shouldn't pretend their power fantasies are expressions of intellectualism.
That would be wonderful if it was true, wouldn't it? But no. There's an endless flood of people in this world fixated on fantasies that they are enlightened of some hard, brutal truth about 'morality' or 'society' or what have you, because of what they saw on television or played in a game. That's the whole appeal of such fiction, isn't it? It allows them to pretend to be a wolf among sheep. And you just have to pry that fantasy out of their clenched little fingers for them to acknowledge it as what it really is.
Probably because a lot of it really doesn't look 'so good' at all.
Whether fiction talks about it or not, it's undoubtedly the norm now. At least among middle to upper class western whites, which comprises the bulk of the literature community. Depression, anxiety, bi-polar disorder, no doubt a plethora of other 'disorders' I don't know the names of...common as dirt amongst young white women. And an epidemic likely to get worse in the coming decades.
There's no such thing as a silent narrator. If you want your story to be 'opinionless' on a subject, your best option is not to talk about it.
The difference is that the reader only has to imagine that magic and mad scientists exist. That's it. Existence is a pretty low bar. Whereas pretty much any serious portrayal of so called 'atypical gender identity' is not just that they exist, but their 'identity' is as legitimate as a normal person's.
[r/MakeYourChoice](https://www.reddit.com/r/makeyourchoice/) Some really high quality choose-your-own adventures, many with original art and very cool premises.
That logic is completely circular and makes no sense at all. The author completely controls the world and everyone inside it. They can make the world 'accept' anything they want. It doesn't mean anything. Stories can not prove things, they can only enunciate them.
Those are questions of what's possible, not questions of what's rational or moral. Authors get to decide what's possible in their universe, and if they want something to exist, it objectively, irrefutably does. They never get to decide what's rational or moral. If a plan is stupid, it's stupid, no matter how much the writer wants it to be clever and no matter how many characters they have claiming it's brilliant.
&gt; But on the other hand, it ruins that "oh shit, she died!" moment when it happens. That kind of assumes the 'oh shit' is desirable in the first place. While it can work in some stories, in general, I have a very low opinion of 'shock value.' It's *extremely* easy, the easiest thing in the world for any writer to introduce some shocking twist that the reader didn't event. Any idiot can write "HA HA THIS CHARACTER SUDDENLY DIED BET YOU DIDN'T EXPECT THAT DID YOU READER?!?!"
You're not going to actually get what people think. You're going to get what they pretend to think to facilitate their fantasies.
Doubtful. Graphical improvements can only go so far for the foreseeable future. Diminishing returns and all that.
There's that one movie with William H. Macy where he and girlfriend are on the ground about to be executed but the guy gets hit by a drunk driver. It worked, since kinda the whole point is that she is his 'Lady Luck.'
There are actually legitimate reasons to oppose the idea of 'more nudity equals more awesomeness' that do not make you a 'soccer mom.' Doesn't mean you should have awkward clothed sex scenes, but I would prefer fade to blacks over explicit nudity.
If the games weren't profitable, they wouldn't be making them. I'm sure they're quite aware the series won't last forever.
Half-Life 2, absolutely. The original Half-Life is rather dated.
An example of a game that, like any work of fiction, does not actually automatically become mature and sophisticated because it has boobies.
&gt; but I'm fascinated by the idea of making Alien races more alien. There's really no such as an 'alien mind' in fiction. And probably real life. Any kind of 'philosophy' you can think of that has even the faintest hint of logic to it - some human somewhere has already thought it up and probably written a book all about it. I've seen writers so foolishly fixated on making their aliens 'incomprehensible' that they take the only possible option: abandon logic. They give their aliens ridiculous, completely nonsensical morals and behaviors that clearly could not sustain a society. Definitely don't want another Reaper species, where they're not incomprehensible, they're just stupid. &gt; They did not directly attack, but subverted other races social fabric, politics, and influence structures to achieve "war" aims without actually ever going to what we would call war. Which is 99.9999% of humans, right? Very, very, very few people have any hope of making the societal changes they want through violence, right? That's the whole point of their protests and art and facebook campaigns and whatever the hell else they do. I course, I'd say those are equally hopeless, but perhaps it's less apparent...
Boy, I just can't wait for incredibly tedious fights of shoot-shoot-shoot-shoot-shoot-shoot, jetpack-away, shoot-shoot-shoot-shoot-shoot, jetpack-away, rinse and repeat for 5 minutes until the health bar is finally whittled down. I hope BioWare's combat designers know better than to think that's fun, but it sure doesn't look like it from the trailer.
Because you think shoot-shoot-shoot-shoot-shoot-shoot, jetpack-away, shoot-shoot-shoot-shoot-shoot, jetpack-away, rinse and repeat for 5 minutes is actually fun? Or because you don't think it will be shoot-shoot-run-run for five minutes in the first place?
Sure, when enemies can be killed in a few seconds. Like the Banshees from ME 3. This very clearly looks like damage sponge to me. I don't think damage sponges are fun. Do you think damage sponges are fun? Damage sponges are generally considered rather poor game design.
Most people who whine about pre-orders are frankly being dumb. If you're here, on this forum, you're already within a very small percentage of dedicated fans. Nearly everything BioWare has shown off has been mediocre to poor. I'm still going to buy the game. It would have to get something like a 50% average rating from critics for me not to, and that just never happens for AAA games.
You have a low bar for what constitutes 'great' romance, don't you?
Yes...that's exactly why I said 'Doesn't mean you should have awkward clothed sex scenes, but I would prefer fade to blacks over explicit nudity.'
On insanity, sure, in ME 1. And a few bosses. But I've never made any secret that the combat in ME 1 is crap. They should be getting better, not returning to crap. I don't recall any non-boss bullet sponges in ME 1. Not krogan. Not YMIR mechs. From the looks of that trailer, it's going to be several minutes of tedious shooting to kill these things.
A cop out to...what exactly?
That's all very poetic sounding. Allow me to make it clear and simple: Boobies make the game better. That's the core idea here, once you get past the flowery nonsense. Boobies are mature and sophisticated. So let's drop the pretense, drop the pretend intellectualism, and just come out and admit we think showing boobies is mature and sophisticated, and not showing boobies isn't. You've answered your own question. No, it is not meaningful. No, it is not even 'beautiful' or 'romantic.' A crappy, boring, pointless relationships of "I like you, you like me, let's bang" does not become 'meaningful' or 'romantic' because BioWare throws in some boobies or a scene of characters rubbing against each other. The problem is simple and obvious: If BioWare thinks that boobies and sex are beautiful, romantic, and meaningful, that's all they're ever going to do, because that's all they're ever going to *have* to do.
Are you ten years old? Is this how you measure the maturity of fiction? How many boobies it has? Or maybe how many times characters say "Fuck"? Wait...here's a thought...maybe the reason video games are considered so immature and childish is because instead of actual good writing, developers just put in as much 'naughty' content they can get away with? Because apparently it works, to please people like you, doesn't it now? And why wouldn't they? That's a million times easier then good stories and good characters.
Well then apparently you have a very poor grasp of what a bullet sponge is. The regular geth would be killed by a single headshot from the Phalanx. 'Bullet sponge' is not a term that goes hand in hand with being killed in shot shot from a reasonably quick weapon. See, the big monster is shot many times. It doesn't die. In fact, the healthbar doesn't even move much. That's a bullet sponge. It's shot many times and doesn't die. The normal geth are shot once and they die. That's not a bullet sponge. The big monster is a bullet sponge because it is shot many times. Not one time. The big monster is shot many times and it doesn't die. It's a bullet sponge.
If GTA 5 is what you think is 'great writing and stories,' that just proves my point, doesn't it? Because that was an absolutely pathetic story. That was downright abysmal. Honestly, it really doesn't even qualify as a story. I mean, my God, you just finished a rant on how video games aren't taken seriously, and held up GTA 5 as an example of great storytelling? Whoo boy. Oh, but they said 'fuck' a lot, didn't they? That's probably why, right? You were probably really impressed by that. You probably thought that was really badass.
I mean...Illium and Omega really weren't all that big. It's quite possible the game will have hubs that size or bigger. They probably weren't any bigger than Val Royaex or whatever it was called.
Mmm. So just like...atmospheric stuff, even if you can't interact with it? A big part of that is just that the Mass Effect team was always a huge step ahead of the Dragon Age team with their environments and graphics and art in general. Pretty much all the environments in Inquisition were boring and uninspired, not just Val Royaux. Generic foresty forest, generic deserty desert, generic swampy swamp. A game that reeks of developers who wanted 'diversity' because they think that's what a fantasy game is supposed to have, but no real ideas on how to make it exciting or compelling beyond that. It's anyone's guess whether that will still be true with the new team in Montreal.
Mmm. Okay. Well, you're right, there's no real way to tell at this point. But it does look kind of sketchy, doesn't it? They've got a lot of very difficult lore questions to address, and so far they haven't indicated they have answers to any of them. I'd be nice to think they're just controlling the hype, but it wouldn't surprise me at all at this point if they just haven't bothered. I am willing to bet that for some reason, you 'wake up' 5 or 10 or 20 years later then the other Arks, to give them a plausible reason why there are Milky Way settlements already.
Very true. As I commented in another thread, mental "illness" is pretty much as much the norm as the exception nowadays for the writing demographic. It's very rarely an insightful thing to be talking about.
&gt; renegade/paragon system has been replaced with a 4 chat option, head,casual,heart and professional giving me choice in the personality of your ryder. Yet another disappointment. I've had more than enough of this 'logic' vs. 'emotion' crap from Star Trek and Star Wars. It was always a failure then and it will in all likelihood be a failure now. When are writers going to grow up from this?
My goodness, look at you. So impressed, so intrigued, by the simplest 2+2 of philosophy. That's what comes down to, right? This idea that 'grey' morality is somehow mature, somehow sophisticated and intelligent by it's very existence. I would think that the concept that not everyone in this world is completely good or completely evil is an idea so basic, so easy, that every 7 or 8 year old should have completely mastered and internalized it. That's my certainly my case. It's an idea I understand absolutely perfectly. That's exactly why it's so uninteresting. I would think that I should be able to put a pencil, a piece of paper in front of any middle school student, and within 10 minutes have them write out a reasonably plausible 'grey' conflict, where there's no real 'right' answer. Or some conflict between two people or factions where both sides have some legitimacy. I would imagine that nobody could possibly think they've accomplished anything by repeating likely what is literally one of the oldest human ideas in existence. But I'm guess I'm wrong, aren't I? Because again and again and again and again and again, I'm confronted with people gasping in amazement and awe at such an impossibly sublime concept. Time and time again, I see people convinced this a revolutionary idea beyond any moral thinking in human history. We must abandon our silly and childish concepts of 'good' and 'evil' and let ourselves be thrust into the Brave New World, because today, in 2017, we've made the stupendous discover that not every single thing in the universe is completely 'good' or 'evil.' That's you right? You're gasping in amazement and awe at this incredible, revolutionary concept of 'greyness'? That's the only scenario I can come up with for you to be impressed by it.
I haven't played the Witcher or Red Dead, so I can't comment on those. And I will say that Dragon Age has been mediocre at best as well. I'm afraid I'm not any more impressed by what Bobby 'Bachelor's of Arts in English' who gets paid 5 cents a word to write for Awesomegamz.com thinks than what you think. Since you're apparently unaware, I was using what we call 'diminutive language.' It's language used to belittle or mock a concept, demonstrating my contempt and lack of respect for it. It helps me to define the terms of the engagement. If you want to try and explain what you thought mature in GTA besides how often they say 'fuck,' I'm all ears. I certainly can't think of anything else.
