Ive been reading and posting a lot over in r/sandersforpresident. Some of the antifeminist/feminism-critical stuff I say gets downvoted. Some of it gets upvoted. There are definitely people there who apparently can't fathom the idea of a progressive who's against feminism, and from the votes, I'd guess there are other people who can easily separate the two.
Testosterone increases risk tolerance. If you're inclined to be aggressive, but also inhibited by fear of consequences, testosterone may make those inhibitions affect you less, thus resulting in aggressive outward behavior - but it didn't cause the aggressive inclination to begin with.
She was against gay marriage before she was for it.
&gt; "but big government is bad." I bet he doesn't want cuts to police or defense spending, though.
&gt; Do the democratic politicians have some kind of obligation to support Clinton over Sanders or what? Nothing legal, just politics inside the party. Since Clinton is the presumptive nominee, no one wants to be the one supporting her challenger.
As I said the first time this was posted, Bernie is clearly the guy for unions. They question is, are they actually going to back him, or are they going to sit on the fence and play coy until they're stuck with Hillary, then settle for endorsing her because she's the Democrat even though she won't do much for labor? Organized labor, of all people, should NOT have to be convinced to get political in its own best interests! And if they do, something is seriously rotten in Denmark.
&gt; Liberalism, in practice, isn't that open minded. Liberalism IS open minded. The people you're talking about, though they're called "liberals", have abandoned liberalism.
They don't need to. It'll just be SHUT UP! SHUT UP! SHUT UP! on loop, bookended by ominous music, a scurry B/W photo of Sanders, and an endorsement for whoever, who will be smiling at babies and kitties in a cheery, colorful setting while soothing music plays.
Republicans already know they don't trust Hillary, they don't need us to tell them that. I think what they need to know about Bernie is (a) how trustworthy he is, and (b) how his policies will genuinely help working and middle class folks without killing jobs, punishing hard workers, or wasting tax dollars.
He voted yes to _debate_ it. According to a recent interview, he's going to vote no on _passing_ it.
&gt; Socialism is not wealth redistribution/social democracy - socialism is the workers owning the means to production, which is not true of any of these industries. If corporations are people, then the workers DO own the means of production. By workers, of course, I mean stockholders, executives, and the board - the people who make the decisions. ...Employees? Why, those are just equipment. Do you let the robot that spotwelds a truck frame own itself, let alone the factory?
&gt; And he could have just as easily said that gerrymandering is and unfair practice that punishes all constituants. He has criticized gerrymandering in the past. &gt; My first goal would be to repeal the citizens united bill Uhhh... there's no bill, dude. It was a Supreme Court decision. You gonna repeal the 1st Amendment? What we need is a Constitutional Amendment. I like Move to Amend's version that doesn't just limit political spending but says that corporations are not people, they're not entitled to Constitutional rights intended for natural persons, and money is not speech. &gt; As president the DoJ is as your disposal. I would turn a good portion of resources on congress and start forcing resignations on both sides of the aisle. This would be far more effective if we had proper anticorruption laws.
&gt; My gen (y) in general is the definition of 'zero fucks given'. Bernie's a good cure for being all out of fucks.
I don't know what platelets go for, but I understand (from something I heard in classes) that a unit of red cells goes for about $700-800.
He's underfunded and lacks name recognition compared to Hillary, but he also has a lot of existing grassroots supporters (which is partly why he's drawing huge crowds and getting so many volunteers and so many donations this early in his campaign) and his positions on the issues poll _very_ well. And people love his authenticity and no-bullshit, issues-focused attitude. We don't know for sure how big his shot is, but he definitely has a shot. But we're gonna need to work for it, too.
&gt; You know who else called himself a democratic socialist? Martin Luther King Jr. What you say isn't exactly wrong, but trying to compare himself to King could backfire HARD. Bernie needs to take care to be seen as furthering King's anti-poverty legacy, not appropriating it, IMO. &gt; Incorporate the explosions in Ferguson and other places as part of his narrative that American democracy/society is in deep crisis. He has done this repeatedly. I guess you want him to put Ferguson and Baltimore front and center? Do you realize that 3/4ths of Americans are white (and therefore relatively unaffected by racism), and nearly all of them don't live in Ferguson or Baltimore? I'm sure Bernie will talk more about the ties between wealth inequality and jobs and unrest in black communities, but he's been speaking to a broad audience for much of his career. &gt; Cornwell West It would be awesome if Bernie could work with or be endorsed by Cornel West. He's charismatic and smart as fuck.
&gt; How many times has Warren's public trashes of Bankers have made it to mainstream news? A shit ton. How many of Bernie's? I can hardly remember the last one. So bitch to the mainstream news. Or pay more attention. &gt; Warren became more of a household name because of her videos, Bernie was unknown until he decided to peak interest in running... I knew Bernie before I knew Warren, and I'm not the only one. Just because your special snowflake self had never heard of him doesn't mean he wasn't significant.
&gt; Instead, I think he can build grassroots movements within these groups. How likely do you think blacks are to be energized by a white man calling for grassroots organizing? It always seems to me like minority groups, blacks in particular, dismiss activism that doesn't directly speak to their racial identity.
I've been mostly unemployed for months and money's tight, but I managed to kick $10 his way today.
&gt; It raises a question for me though: do the poor identify as poor in the US? Do we have accurate perceptions of our own upward mobility (or lack thereof)? I don't know about the poor's perceptions specifically, but studies have shown that in general Americans think that wealth inequality is much less extreme than it really is.
There's a bunch of difficulty in talking about race generally, but there's also difficulty in not talking about it. Pick your poison?
You can say "sorry" all you want, but it won't make you right.
I'm a white American. How much do I owe black people? _Which_ black people? How about native Americans? Asian immigrants? Descendents of Asian immigrants? Hispanics? The Irish? Do you even know? Can you prove, using unbiased data, that I owe complete strangers a specific amount of money by virtue of how others have treated them or their ancestors? How would you calculate this? Reparations are a mind-blowingly stupid idea. If you mourn the effects of historic poverty and injustice on the modern day poor, then support a basic income. Repair _all_ the poor. Achieve the ideals of Thomases Jefferson and Paine. But this identity politics clusterfuck, no. I would drop my support for Sanders if he actually suggested this, the same way I dropped Jill Stein as soon as she said she would only nominate women to the SC.
&gt; They are our version of the Tea Party and I've had about enough of them. You, me, and a lot of other people who still remember what liberalism and the left are supposed to be. We've been carrying these faux-liberal idiots for years and it's time we finally started bucking.
&gt; You personally don't owe black people anything, the US Government does. Did the US government own slaves? I was not aware of that. &gt; I prefer more modern ideals than the ones of a so called benevolent slaveholder You should not be so quick to discount Jefferson simply because he owned slaves. He had some interesting things to say about property. Among them: &gt; Whenever there is in any country, uncultivated lands and unemployed poor, it is clear that the laws of property have been so far extended as to violate natural right. The earth is given as a common stock for man to labour and live on. If, for the encouragement of industry we allow it to be appropriated, we must take care that other employment be furnished to those excluded from the appropriation. If we do not the fundamental right to labour the earth returns to the unemployed. It is too soon yet in our country to say that every man who cannot find employment but who can find uncultivated land, shall be at liberty to cultivate it, paying a moderate rent. But it is not too soon to provide by every possible means that as few as possible shall be without a little portion of land. If we understand "land" to mean "the means to self-sufficiency", roughly "stock" or "productive capital" in the modern age, this sentiment is practically socialist. It doesn't go as far as Paine does in _Agrarian Justice_, of course, but it is a fine set of liberal ideals that hold up well today.
We can't tell who's what race on the internet because you're all just a bunch of text. We are literally "color blind". The only thing we do know is that almost everyone is white, because Reddit (and because American internet generally). What would remind us that you exist in this sub - and to what extent - is if we could see race. But if we created racial flair, I think someone would say "Nazi armband" inside five minutes.
Here's one: http://www.law.umich.edu/newsandinfo/features/Pages/starr_gender_disparities.aspx
Stop taking it? There's nothing to stop taking - Republican voters aren't getting shit. You mean that they should stop voting for Republican politicians who take that money. And if you tell them that, they'll tell you that Democrats need to stop electing Democratic politicians who take that money, and you'll both be right.
Libertarianism is its own religion. Its tenets don't hold up under scrutiny.
You know, some of the Republican voters keep electing Republicans because the best alternative we can offer them is the lying Democrat sellouts we keep voting for. Some Republican voters would actually go for Sanders over the GOP clown car.
Oh, yeah. That cartoon was one of my favorites :D
&gt; I don't think this is nearly as simple as you're making it out to be man No, it's not. But I don't have all day. &gt; I'm also definitely not looking to start up an argument here either. Yeah, I don't want a fight. I just want to be heard. This shit is perverse and it's tiring. &gt; What I am trying to say is that Black America is no more monolithic than White America is, and that the constant appeals otherwise end up trying to speak to this weird caricature of "black society". I get that. People don't want to be spokespeople for their whole race. But just because societies aren't monoliths doesn't mean they don't have differences in common, you know? The Japanese aren't a monolith, but Japan is very obviously different from America. Germans aren't a monolith, but Germany is different from America. Black people (or Asians or Hispanics or East Indians or whatever) aren't a monolith, but obviously they have their own cultural heritage. I mean, take for example the black post-WWII experience that the article (I think) mentioned. How whites had all this prosperity but blacks still faced systemic racism and poverty. That's an important difference that affected large parts of black society and I guarantee there are black people who are keenly aware of that difference and it colors (pun not intended) their view of America. &gt; He doesn't need a special "Black folks" platform so much as to make clear that these issues are all of our issues. I don't want Bernie to have a special "black folks" platform. And yet there's a black person in this thread (who also doesn't want a special "black folks" platform) affirming that black progressives will have to make the case for Bernie to black communities. Meaning that yes, there's some value in his campaign reaching out to those progressives somehow. So it's not as simple as you're making it out to be either.
&gt; the guy arguing it is very passionate about that point. I bet he is. &gt; what is the correct response? Defenestration. Presenting him with counterevidence to his claims will just make him cling more tenaciously to them and discredit you as a reliable source of information.
dark humor, that's me :)
No.
&gt; Sanders is even more so on that line, and there is a deep resistance to this idea entrenched in America. There's a deep resistance to this idea entrenched in the right wing media, which manufactures its opinions. There's a deep resistance to the idea of paying more taxes to help unemployed people because of the false perception that they're just lazy. There was a deep resistance to anything Obama did or said because they thought he was a slick hustler. But good, honest jobs building and fixing things? Better wages for working people? More payback for seniors who spent their lives working and paying into Social Security? The only thing that stands between a lot of real, actual right-wing voters and those ideas is distrust of the government. I... I need to make a new post or something. I'm seeing a lot of Republican-bashing going on in here, and it's not productive.
I share dolphins3's position. Like the DHS or not, it doesn't make sense to just pull the plug. If you want to dismantle it, then dismantle it, but until something else is in place to replace it, it serves vital functions and needs to keep running.
I've got a 2006 2.3 and I've test driven a 2015 2.0, and the 2.3 has a lot more muscle off the line. Fairly aggressive acceleration and easy to chirp the tires if I want (or if the road's wet). Now, granted the 2.3 is a manual and the 2.0 was an auto, and I'm guessing something between the auto, throttle input, and traction control keeps the 2.0 from responding as immediately as the 2.3 does. I'm not a car nerd who can dissect what causes what. But this is my experience. Now at freeway speeds, the 2.3 is a bit limited. The 2.0 accelerates better, even if you have to stomp on the pedal to do it. Guessing they changed the gearing quite a bit after 9 years.
It's a repair you can do yourself if you're comfortable rebuilding engines, otherwise no. As I understand it, it's caused by running on low oil, which keeps it from adequately lubricating the rod bearings, which leads to bearing damage. If you fix it but don't keep the oil topped up, then yes, it will happen again.
If the poor would all just run for president, they could be rich too. See? Lazy!
&gt; I'm not quite on board with public funding of elections, at least yet. I understand campaign finance reform via McCutcheon and Citizens United, but I would also want to reward politicians who can rally people for small donations. Has Bernie announced that he's supporting a public financing bill or policy that would ban all political donations? Because there's no reason you can't have the two coexist. Just get rid of Super PACs, maybe trim down the amount that individuals can donate (or don't, a few $k is hardly $$Big Money$$, although it's probably a little rich for most people), et voila. &gt; He often mentions the women paid 78 cents for every dollar men make. From what I've seen there are a large number of variables included with that such as hours worked, experience, and negotiation. And job. It's not an apples to apples comparison. If you took fifty male executives and fifty of their female secretaries and compared them, then of course you'd get a huge gap. But it's not because the secretaries suffer from sexual discrimination, it's because they have lower paying jobs. In general, women tend to pursue lower-paying jobs and careers. At the low end they'd rather be a Walmart checker than hang drywall or haul garbage. At the middle to upper end they prefer easier careers with more work/life flexibility, benefits, and creature comforts, and they're more likely to take time off to have kids (apparently birth control was NOT the great liberator, because women want to "have it all") or simply retire after a decade in the field and become housewives/soccer moms depending on a male breadwinner. That's on top of differences in education, hours worked, etc. Feminists say "but that's exactly the problem, women are taking lower-paying jobs." Well, then stop. These are women's own life choices, freely made. They are not barred from any educational pursuit or any career. The massively overhyped STEM fields that we are literally paying women to study actually prefer female candidates when hiring. There is clear and documented bias _in favor of women_ in these fields, and all the feminists can say in retort is that they're too intimidated to enter because some crazy genius who _landed a robot on a freaking comet_ once wore a tacky shirt with bikini girls on it. Eliminate the confounding variables and the gap drops to single digits. Is that tiny gap proof of actual sexism? Is it women's unwillingness to negotiate for better pay and promotions? _Nobody knows what it is._ It's certainly not clear that any legislation that merely reiterates the 40-year-old Equal Pay Act - yes, the gender wage gap was actually addressed before some of us were even born! - would change it by a single cent. And when you get away from the aggregates, you find that gaps in different careers vary. Sometimes, there is a male bias in a given career. Sometimes, there is a _female_ bias. Single women under 30 actually make something like 115% of what single men under 30 make. Why? I can only speculate, but I suspect it has to do with 60% of college students being women - a ratio that no one complains about, but which would draw howls of protest if it were reversed. &gt; With regards to decreasing military spending. I'm hardly the most gungho military person. I do want to see some smart cuts, and I know he led the effort to audit the Pentagon. However, from what I understand the US has the strongest military today because of choices made 20 or 30 years ago. Military is sort of a long range thing to plan out to maintain superior strength. Do you wish to invade and conquer other countries? If your answer is "no", then we only need a military sufficient for homeland defense and surgical operations, and we can do that at a substantial reduction in spending, even if we keep the weapons development programs. We can also extend Pax Americana through non-military means, such as multilateral diplomacy and coalitions with regional forces - which is exactly how Bernie wants to address ISIS.
I just wish it was Move to Amend's version he's backing. (As I recall, it explicitly states that corporations are not people and are not entitled to Constitutional rights intended for natural persons.)
Uh huh. I voted for Jill Stein in 2012. How did that go? Oh right: she barely got on the ballot, had almost no press at all, and scraped the bottom of the vote barrel. And that was after running a decent campaign. America is simply not ready to march bravely into third party politics. They weren't ready in 2000, they weren't ready in 2012 (even after Occupy), and they're not ready now. They won't be ready anytime in the foreseeable future. The idea that a liberal Democrat is sucking votes away from the Green Party is ridiculous because __the Green Party doesn't have any fucking votes to lose.__ They're nobody. And until we get some real change in this country that gives third parties a fair shot, they'll always be nobody. Bernie is absolutely doing the right thing by running as a Democrat. It is the pragmatic thing; it is also the necessary thing. I for one would like to stop seeing these links to extreme left/socialist armchair revolutionaries whining about Bernie being a fake or a sheepdog. The criticisms are neither valid or important, the critics are determined to stay politically irrelevant, and I see no reason at all why we should give them a platform.
&gt; If we can't accomplish the change peacefully then there would only be one other option... Even considering the realities of urban warfare, a tiny, violent insurgent force can't take down the US military (which can now legally be used as police on domestic soil... thanks, Obama!) Consider secession as a _slightly_ less hopeless paradigm: Push for local and state laws that directly conflict with or nullify harmful federal laws and executive orders (such as the TPP, if passed) and elect people who would be willing to pass them AND direct state or local police to enforce them (finding and successfully electing someone like this is by no means easy, mind you) while using lawyers to drag out the argument that takes place when the federal government tries to push back for as long as possible. The controversy this generates will generate media awareness and put pressure on Washington. At the same time, push states or localities to create institutions that replace or supplement Federal ones and could continue without federal support. At the same time, reach out to like-minded people, organizations, and elected leaders in neighboring states to form regional blocs. These blocs can coordinate planning or messaging between alternate institutions, and their federal representatives can act together in Congress to push regional agendas through or wring concessions from unallied states. It is entirely possible - and preferable, considering the power of the US military - that states will never actually need to secede; coordinated action and self-sufficency may be enough. But in the worst case, instead of a rag-tag group of civilian extremists conducting clumsy domestic terrorism in clear violation of all applicable laws, you'll have a small country, complete with a legitimate government and functional economy, ready to split off from the US with a standing force of well-supplied professional fighters who are on the side of the people.
Contacting your state legislators would certainly be a good first step. If you're supremely lucky they'll like your idea and just run with it. If not then you have to do the whole activist thing: organize around the issue, reach out to the public, get a petition going, etc. to show that there's public support.
&gt; this idea of compulsory ANYTHING in america irks me Kids hate compulsory room cleaning, but we still make them do it. If most people did their civic duty by voting, there would be no need to force them. But no, we get elections where less than half the voters show up. That's a problem. You're telling us you can't explain to your kids why they have to participate in their own democracy?
What a wonderfully paranoid worldview...
I oppose partisan censorship.
&gt; If anything Bernie is hurting the movement away form demolishing a two party system. There is no such movement. A few armchair revolutionaries and protest voters make no difference whatsoever. I voted for Jill Stein in 2012. I though she ran as good a campaign as could be expected given her limited resources, in a time when her platform should have found strong support, and not only did she not win more than a fart's worth of the popular vote, the various leftist and populist groups who should all have been pulling hard for her couldn't agree that she was the right candidate, or that entering electoral politics was even worthwhile at all. What a useless, politically irrelevant bunch of assholes. There is likewise almost no serious support or activism around changing our electoral system to make third parties viable, except through public funding - which Bernie is pushing. I think Bernie Sanders has gotten more press and popular support at this point than Jill Stein got her entire campaign, and it's not because he has good ideas or an existing support base - it's because he needed to run as a Dem to be seen as credible. &gt; The corporate elite will never allow someone who does't bend over to take office. So _prove_ it. Spread the word. Donate. Volunteer. Fight for Bernie and his political revolution. Make that revolution as big as you can. If Bernie wins, great! You were wrong, thankfully, and the country benefits. If not, make them shut him down in full view of a supportive public. Sharpen the contradictions. Prove to them that national politics is well and truly owned by the elite. Radicalize them. Then, while the iron is still (somewhat) hot, convince them to stay involved and fight at the state and local level where they can actually win. All the most exciting progressive legislation these days is happening at that level. Cities are the ones passing $15 minimum wage laws. Cities are the ones passing mandatory sick leave and part time workers' rights laws. Cities are where police reform and low-income housing projects happen. States are the ones passing national popular vote bills and they were the first to support marriage equality. Oregon has mail-in voting and automatic voter registration for anyone who gets a driver's license. Utah is housing the homeless with its Housing First program. Florida passed a strong anti-corruption bill a while back (or so I understand; I never got all the details). Show them the progress happening in the smaller governments. If we can't get someone like Bernie elected, then that shows millions of people that we MUST fight the elites from the bottom up.
Frank Luntz is a PR and messaging guy for the right. No, scratch that: he's __the__ PR and messaging guy for the right. He's spent his career finding ways to twist words and tell lies in support of the wealthy elite. When you argue with a conservative whose entire worldview is bullshit and who speaks entirely in fabricated talking points, chances are, most of them came from Frank Luntz somehow. Luntz is a soulless, evil, greedy man - no doubt. But he is the best at what he does. He is a goddamn evil genius, a master. When he talks about messaging, if you're smart, you listen. I don't remember where he said it, but he once said something like "after you have said something over and over and over and OVER again and you're at the point where you can't stand to say it any more, _people have only just begun to hear you_." Keep pushing Bernie's message. Don't assume that people know who he is or what he stands for. Don't assume that all your friends are rooting for him just because you posted something about him on Facebook. Don't look around an echo chamber like this sub and think "hey, people are talking about him, they're writing articles, everyone must know about Bernie by now." _Every single day_ from now until the very end of his campaign, assume that most Americans have never heard of him and know nothing whatsoever about his platform. People say not to "Ron Paul" Bernie - as if there was _ever_ such a thing as too much publicity. People hate ads but they still buy the products. Don't let them silence you. Don't think that just because a small group of trolls and cynics make fun of him and accuse you of circlejerking that it's time to give it a rest for a while. When Bernie's campaign gets its ground game going - man, I hope it's soon - volunteer. Go knock on doors. Go spread flyers. Take a turn on the phone bank. Meet up with other supporters in your town and plan public events, or arrange to have booths at existing public events. Understand, I am not an outgoing guy. I have a small, personal social network and I hate talking to strangers on the phone or face to face. I hate doing any kind of sales or marketing. I am a terrible candidate for this kind of work. Saying all this makes me sort of a hypocrite. But I am going to try to make a difference somehow because that's what we all need to do.
Because blogs never get linked here? C'mon. We post tweets, for Christ's sake.
&gt; I think we just have a philosophical disagreement on if an artificial entity should be guaranteed rights like the people that manage it. Without guaranteed rights, Congress would be allowed to censor or deny legal council to a corporation, and I believe that's wrong. We can extend them certain rights without granting personhood. &gt; I believe the issue is not corporate personhood because corporations and people can already be regulated differently. But they often can't. For decades, corporations have successfully used the Equal Protection clause to get courts to treat them as people. &gt; Citizens United simply ruled that any entity (or person) can collect and spend unlimited money independently of an official campaign. You're repeating your arguments. Go back and reread mine. I have described the problems with Citizens United (and similar earlier rulings, like Buckley v. Valeo) and how to fix those problems without compromising the First Amendment by placing arbitrary limits on political speech.
&gt; Someone tell me more about this 'left wing.' I think I want to go there. It was called the center 50 years ago.
Okay okay, sorry.
My response: You do realize you’re pushing rope here, don’t you? The basic problem is that employers don’t want to hire people without college degrees, so in order to get a job, you have to have a college degree (and pay whatever that costs). I think, and it seems you would agree, that employers place too much value in college degrees. But HOW DO YOU MAKE THEM STOP? I think your “make college degree a protected status” notion is farcially naive. Maybe, MAYBE that would work for the lowest-end jobs. But many jobs out there require, or at least benefit from, some relevant (I said relevant!) training. If I’m going to hire an engineer, I damn well want to make sure that he has an engineering degree. Are you going to maintain a great master list of employers who are allowed to ask for degrees? And college has replaced high school as the basic proof that its product is at least minimally able to read, write, think, show up on time, and not wear their pants on their head. (Which may merely indicate that many employers no longer remember college.) No matter what you do about the “some jobs need college” problem, employers who still want that reassurance that the candidate they’re interviewing isn’t a pantshead will find ways to get around it or encourage voluntary disclosure to an extent that makes the ban worthless. Like this: “So, what are your qualifications for this position at Impressive, Inc?” “Uh…” “I see from your employment history that you were minimally employed during a characteristic 4-year-period. What were you doing at that time?” “Well…” Then there’s the other half of the problem: to actually realize the cost savings from reduced education, you have to stop kids from going to college. And of course by reducing attendance you’re reducing class choice and flexibility because colleges have to drop their less popular classes to save money, etc, etc. – but never mind those because they were obviously artifacts of inefficient spending anyway. (No one needs a whole class on the cultural influence of Asian-American beatnik poets.) The real question is if we still have a society where employers want college graduates and people stop going to college, HOW WILL THOSE PEOPLE GET JOBS? Yes, the reduction in available graduates will have some effect on employer expectations, eventually. But in the meantime you have people who are unemployed, careening uncontrollably toward extreme poverty and homelessness, and still strongly incentivised to get a college education by any means possible (because those who have them will escape this trap). Will you be providing these heroic non-degreed folks with free housing, food, utilities, clothing, retirement funds, and spending money so they can actually go out and participate in society as though they were really functional members of the economy instead of disenfranchised outsiders?
&gt; Please express this sentiment anytime you see anyone doing this. It gets tiring really fast. I can't go around being the Tolerance Police for liberals (and in fairness, there are plenty of conservative trolls, shills, and general assholes on the internet that don't extend us the same consideration, either). Maybe we can write something up and make it a sticky?
I _think_ it's just an online poll, not something official or binding. Hard to tell. But wow, those numbers! He's breathing down her neck and they haven't even debated yet.
That left is not this left.
&gt; It dawned upon me recently that adopting the issue of police abuses/community relations might be a way for Bernie to enhance his contribution to the national discussion and, at the same time, increase his minority appeal. He has adopted this issue. He's been talking about it for a while now.
Looks like every single one of the comments there is pro-Bernie.
Vote Republican. Because, at that point, fuck the Democrats.
&gt; It's gonna happen, and it's gonna happen state by state by state on its own. Then let it. Too much power is already invested at the federal level. I'm thousands of miles away from DC and I don't have billions in my pocket to buy the national media. I want to see the balance of power move down toward states and localities where ordinary people can still have a say without having to organize a once-in-a-century mass protest or movement to say it. I think that Bernie is going to give us more of that (federal power) and I'm okay with it because I trust him to do the right thing for Americans and strengthen democracy, but ultimately I think we need to shift direction on where a lot of our legislation is taking effect. &gt; Very American concept and thinking. That's right.
&gt; I can tell you from some of my work that people love the idea of work, but a large number don't want to be caught doing it or labelled as working. Ah, classism. _This is what it looks like, kids!_
Judging from his schedule, he's focusing super-hard on early primary states - and since wins there will seriously boost his signal and credibility, and he needs to spend campaign money wisely, I think he's right to do so. South Carolina and Nevada will have to wait their turn just like the rest of us.
Alternate parties are irrelevant in national politics. Jill Stein's run in 2012 demonstrated that to me. Also, if not voting Democrat is "like voting for the Republican", then actually voting for the Republican is like voting for the Republican twice... or something. If I'm going to punish the DP for nominating a fake candidate like Hillary over a genuine populist like Bernie, I want it to sting as much as possible. Also, I'm a bit of an accelerationist where national politics are concerned. The way the establishment Dems are going, I'm going to be pretty screwed when I'm a senior, so if that's where we're headed, let's get the fall over with already. Either we'll shock enough people awake to reverse course for real or we'll break the system when the economy finally collapses, and either one is progress to me.
Without reform, third parties have no chance at the Presidency whatsoever in the foreseeable future. The system is that rigged. If you want to build third parties, you'll have to do it from the bottom up; cities and towns are where party politics are weakest.
&gt; So why AREN'T the traditional leaders (e.g. Jesse Jackson, Oprah) throwing down their support? Have you tried asking them? We're not their PR.
Do the first 10 not kill the deer? How many shots do you need before you can hit a home intruder?
&gt; I seem to recall a bunch of anti-war marches that didn't accomplish shit. The Commander-in-Chief can end wars (the fighting part, anyway) singlehandedly, you know. He has that authority per the Constitution. He doesn't need permission from Congress to _stop_ fighting. He can't be forced to commit troops with a veto-proof majority. "General, I want all the soldiers out of [warzone] ASAP. Get it done." "Yes sir, Mister President."
The Grim Reaper's gonna do a lot of that for us when he shuffles off the last of the Boomers.
How would you like to elect a President who's not a liar or a crook?
&gt; if there is a home intruder why am I limited in my rounds to protect my family? If you can't hit a man at close range with ten rifle shots, I'm not sure I want you holding a rifle at all, if you follow me. And if he's not at close range, that's what spare mags are for. &gt; Or if by chance we are invaded and I have to protect my country (I pray never happens) what's the benefit to me having only 10 rounds? You realize that we have a standing military, right? One that costs a trillion dollars a year and is one of the most technologically advanced and best-equipped in the world? One that has overwhelming air and naval superiority? One that will see an invading enemy force long, LONG before you do? What on earth makes you think you'll be the one defending our soil from invasion with your rifle and your ten-shot mag?
Unions seem to be afraid to rock any boats. I welcome their support, if they're inclined to give it, but don't look to them for revolutionary leadership.
Downticket. Dowwwwwnticket. Senators. Representatives. State government. Do you follow?
I had lousy grades in school. Classic brainy underachiever, got As on tests but hated doing schoolwork. Never took the SAT since my poor single mother wouldn't pay the testing fee. Entered the workforce after high school. Two decades later, with no further formal education, I enrolled in college, tested out of a bunch of required introductory classes, and earned a degree in a medical field with a cumulative 3.87 GPA. Admittedly, if I'd gone to college right after high school, I probably would still have been a lazy screwup, so in that sense, my grades were predictive in the short term. But in the end, it would have been a shame to make it harder for me to go to school just because I was a fool when I was younger. High school grades aren't everything.
&gt; Bernie can win the educated white voters running on populism, however he needs to address prison reform, discuss his Civil Rights Movement past, and talk about police brutality to win over an increasing voting demographic. Because minorities don't want jobs, higher wages, free college and healthcare, or a government that represents them? &gt; Hillary's downfall in 2008 was that she was pinned as the white workers candidate and did too little in regards to minorities. Hillary's downfall in 2008 was that she sucks. She still sucks.
&gt; having a woman as president would be a huge step forward for this country. Not really. The fact that she's running at all, that she's allowed to run, that she's the _presumptive nominee_ and receiving corporate funding (i.e. seen as credible and capable) is the big step, and we've already taken it as a country. Electing her would only be a symbolic victory for women's rights, and actually having her in office would probably be a step back for this country. Look at Obama's election: was that a huge step forward for racial equality?
Just because you've heard his basic message enough that it starts sounding canned doesn't mean that all the interviewers' audiences have heard it yet. He doesn't need to change a thing, and he'll be able to stretch out a bit in the debates when he's asked a variety of questions (pity about the abbreviated debate schedule, though).
&gt; they want to build an alternative party But they will only consent to proceed toward their desired outcome by a path that almost always fails. Bernie Sanders is the greatest thing they could have hoped for, short of an actual miracle, to bring credibility to socialism and open a space for third parties, and he's even sacrificing his own political effectiveness to do it by refusing big money donors, and that's still not good enough for them - _that_ is ideological fundamentalism.
I hope a ham sandwich runs for the GOP nod, so we can see Rick Santorum and Donald Trump try to appear more presidential than a beloved lunchtime staple.
Did anyone else catch his claim of 180,000 donors giving on average $40? That's $7.2M.
The wealthy elite commit violence against the poor every day. Why should they receive none in return?
We need to invent a kind of jail for corporations. Forbid them from doing business of any kind for a period of time. Oh, would that put them out of business? Aww. Discorporate them! If that seems too extreme, how about compulsorily turning a percentage of the company over to public ownership? Play nice and you're free to run your own affairs as you see fit; break the rules and get nationalized.
Amnesty just means forgiving someone for a crime. In itself, it wouldn't make illegal immigrants citizens; it might not even make them legal residents per se. All it would do is protect them from incarceration and deportation for illegally entering the country. I think a lot of people would like to hear more specifics about how Bernie's "path to citizenship" would work, but it sounds to me like a more comprehensive plan than mere amnesty.
Here's what would have happened: - virtually no mainstream media coverage - no presence in official debates - Democrats would be ignoring him en masse or accusing him of being a Nader-like spoiler - many cynics who currently support his run would view him as an unserious fringe candidate with no hope of winning, and would not bother supporting him - all his campaign funding would have to go toward petitions and voter re-registration efforts just to get his name on the ballot in all 50 states, leaving almost none for actual campaigning
She can't win. If she doesn't talk, she's accused of being disinterested. If she tells us what we want to hear, she's accused of pandering. If she tells us what we don't want to hear, it'll wreck her rating. Don't really feel sorry for her, though. She made her bed: king-sized, plush, and stuffed with bribes.
If minorities pick a pandering corporate tool over someone who genuinely fights for the working class, they'll deserve what they get.
&gt; Actual social ownership would be a disaster due to the tragedy of the commons. Real commons don't have tragedies; they have stewardship. Common ownership tends to discourage stupid, selfish assholes, not encourage them. &gt; What would happen instead is that the state would own everything _We The People_ are the state, genius. The state is us. It's not a foreign dictator, it's not an alien invader, it's us. That was the whole point of the American Revolution. &gt; At least with corporations, there's no gun to your head. Sure there is. Who do you think the police work for? Who do you think the security forces would work for if there was no state?
He hasn't announced his tax plan yet. We'll see the numbers when he does. But here, [look here at this video about wealth inequality](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QPKKQnijnsM). It's really good and not too long, but if you're in a hurry, skip to 6:00. See that _gigantic_ spike on the right of the graph showing what American wealth really looks like, as opposed to most people think it looks like or what they think it should ideally be? Yeah. I'd bet money that spike is where he really wants to raise taxes.
Really? I hadn't noticed.
His positions are actually favored by a majority of Americans, so this kind of result is pretty common.
A lot of people liked NAFTA because they didn't know any better. Some of them know better now.
So he wants to send them to college, raise their wages, create new jobs, provide them with socialized healthcare and strengthen their democratic voice, plus he's one of the only honest people in Washington - and they're gonna throw a hissy fit and take their ball home if he doesn't give them their own special political handjob? Unforgivable.
&gt; I'm waiting to go "full Bernie" though on social media, I don't want to bore people. Same worry here. I share 1-2 things on Facebook a week, figure that's enough to be a constant reminder, but not so much it feels spammy.
Sanders. Up the brand. People already know what families look like.
If you skim through this sub and just click the posts that sound like they talk about his issues or history, you can learn a lot fairly quickly.
It will be a big thing if the Clinton campaign chooses to make it one, and if feminists bite. But I don't know if they're gonna push that; the risk of blowback is pretty high.
&gt; I guess the only reason I feel threatened by this is because I will be graduating with around $40,000 in debt looming over my head and would hate to see my hard work diminished at the cost of paying unskilled labor $15 an hour. Maybe I shouldn't feel threatened by this. Prices will go up slightly, which means that buying power will go down slightly, so in real dollars, you'll be making a little less, at least until wage increases propagate upward. But you'll still be outearning the burger flippers by quite a bit. But why did you go to school at all? Why pick engineering? Sure, it pays well, but is that the only reason? I doubt it. You probably want to be an engineer. You probably like the idea of designing things and making them work better. And you probably want what the money affords you: a comfortable lifestyle, financial security, and maybe some nice vacations or grown-up toys. You'll still have those things. And maybe I'm giving you too much credit, but you probably didn't study engineering so that you could look down on people with less money. So who cares if burger flippers are better off than they are now? They want comfort and security too, and if their work isn't as valuable as yours, well, they're not getting paid as much either. Those that have greater ambitions can start businesses or go back to school - more easily with higher wages to build savings and free tuition, I might add - and those who lack the intellect to go farther won't be punished for it. In truth, even the upper middle class is woefully poor compared to the ridiculous extremes of the top 0.1%. If we even things out, your income will most likely rise as well.
You wanted Latino outreach? Here you go.
This will be less of a problem as his campaign moves forward and he can get out of Iowa and New Hampshire and visit the rest of the country. What exactly do they not trust? I mean, his record is solid. His message is consistent. He's pushing for policies that would dramatically improve the quality of life for most minorities - not just socialized medicine, free public schools, wage hikes, job creation, job training, but police and immigration reform. Do they think he's not going to do anything that ends racism in their communities? Because there's not actually a whole lot more that a President can do about that... racism may be a nationwide problem but it manifests as a local issue.
I've seen pictures of the venue. I doubt they had more than 1000 people there. If the overflow area was also empty, that's just sad. Can't wait to see what happens when Bernie comes to NY.
&gt; If we try to complain about the alarming domestic violence statistics and the fact that it is a crime that overwhelmingly is perpetrated against women Mmm, but it isn't. Men and women commit and suffer from domestic violence at approximately equal rates. &gt; ...at least one man will rush into the discussion to remind us that men can be victims of domestic violence too so let's all talk about that instead. You mean that they'll rush into the discussion to remind you that men can be (and are) victims of domestic violence too _so "sexism" is not the correct framework through which to view the issue._ &gt; Many if not most discussions of women's issues outside of dedicated safe spaces are hijacked by men A conversation that unfairly maligns men and propagates lies and half-truths is a conversation that merits derailing. &gt; We are surrounded by people yelling "not all men!" every time we try ...to make unfair, sweeping generalizations? &gt; we know that not all men are abusers/rapists/harassers but the fact remains that most abusers/rapists/harassers/etc ARE men. That's not hyperbole or a guess, that's backed by a ton of crime statistics. Unreliable crime statistics, arrived at by limiting the data collected in support of a narrative. Credible studies are showing that female-on-male rape and sexual assault are far more frequent than popularly believed. &gt; the discrimination against women specifically in science is one that needs to be discussed because it is systemic, entrenched, and is seriously holding us back scientifically. Begging the question a bit, isn't it?
Bernie wants serious discussion on the issues. Well, the integrity of candidates for public office is an issue. If Hillary is taking dirty money from the same people she's pretending to oppose, that's something people ought to know about.
To be clear: right now, Bernie is running for the Democratic nomination. To vote in the Democratic primary, where Democrats choose their own nominee, you have to be registered as a Dem if you live in a closed-primary state (which is many of them, but not all - check your state laws). Assuming he wins the nomination, anyone can vote for him in the general election regardless of their party affiliation. But he has to win the nomination first.
&gt; What will we do after he is elected (if that occurs) to make sure there is cooperation in the three branches? Write/call our elected officials and tell them how we want them to vote and what bills we want them to introduce or support. If they won't do it, start looking for someone to replace them with - primary challengers for the next election, who you'll need to support so they can beat the incumbent. This also means you'll have to get more involved and knowledgeable about your state and local politics, because that's where your Senators and Representatives are going to come from. This is a good idea anyway, because if you can't get a law passed at the national level, you may be able to get one passed at the state level that's almost as good. Yes, this is a lot of political bullshit that no one wants to bother with because we already have jobs, hobbies, and chores to worry about. But this is the kind of work we need to do as a nation if we want to preserve our democracy. It's the work we should have been doing all along, and the corrupt government we have now is a result of falling asleep at the switch. We also have to demand that the mainstream media be more politically responsible. After all, how are ordinary busy people supposed to be informed about politics and important issues if the news either won't talk about them or tells ridiculous lies about them and milks partisanship for drama? How are third parties and dark horse candidates supposed to have a fair chance to win elections if the media won't cover them?
So you don't value work? Doesn't sound very American. edit: I don't know why I'm getting downvoted here. What he's essentially saying is "Even though I like fast food enough that I don't want fast food places to close, I don't think that making food is a valuable activity and the people who do it should have to live like shit." Either you value work or you don't. Either you think a job is worth paying for or you don't. But this "I value the product of your labor, but not the labor itself" bullshit is just another kind of price fixing, just in favor of businesses instead of people - and last I checked, people had sovereignty here, not businesses.
&gt; People also tend to severely overestimate how much $15 an hour gets you People are completely out of touch with just how expensive everything has gotten. Even though the evidence is staring them in the face every time they pay for things, they have these antiquated "big picture" concepts of how far a dollar goes that just aren't true anymore. If people seriously looked at how expensive housing and food is and what kind of wage you actually need to support a small family while saving for emergencies and retirement without being on government assistance, they'd have to admit - however reluctantly - that $15/hour is not an outrageous figure at all, and what's really outrageous is how little people are expected to survive on today and the kinds of sacrifices they have to make to do it.
I'd play to the OP's brother's false assumptions. I bet he thinks he's smarter and a harder worker than minimum wage earners, and I bet he also thinks his job is harder - so explain it like this: "Okay, say minimum wage goes up to $15. Now you go to your boss and tell him, 'why should I work hard for you when I can get the same pay at an easier job?' Either he gives you a raise, or you start looking for something that's easier or pays more. That's how your pay goes up."
&gt; Hillary, on the other hand, may become another serious blunder of the Dem party. Which would be hilarious. "We finally elected a woman president! And boy, did that suck." Admittedly, it would be a real blow against women if people actually used Hillary's example as a reason not to elect other women on the basis of their sex, but I can't be unhappy about feminism shooting itself in the foot like that.
Wish I'd been there now. Wanted to, but had other business.
&gt; right now, this is Bernie's big weakness in the general election as well as the primary. Says who - his opponents? &gt; Are you downvoting because I started off by saying I was a Hillary supporter for the moment, or because you believe Bernie is taking minority outreach seriously? I'm downvoting because accusations that Bernie doesn't care about minorities or is out of touch deserve contempt.
&gt; We should be inclusive of all progressive ideologies here Feminism is not a progressive ideology.
&gt; When you make the assumption that an entire movement of feminism is behind Hillary simply because of gender, you sound sexist. Feminism is not a sex. &gt; claiming that they are voting SOLELY on the assumption of gender is sexist. Not when they say so themselves. And stop slinging the word "sexist" around like it was some kind of argument-winning magic wand. You sound ridiculous. &gt; It turns the debate into identity politics. The women voting on the basis of sex turns the debate into identity politics. If you have a problem with that and call yourself a feminist, go educate _them_ on what you think feminism is really about.
It's not. Downvoting me won't change that.
If you want to have a discussion, vote my posts back over the visibility threshold.
I don't buy "college is a right". But it is an investment in America's human capital.
Practicing your gish gallop, Xelif? Needs more gallop. Oh my bad, [it was just one study](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/15491274). Of course, [there's also this](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%E2%80%9CWomen_are_wonderful%E2%80%9D_effect). Hey, do you suppose that people might be more willing to overlook Hillary's faults because of the WoW effect? If Bernie loses the primary, will it be because of am inadequate campaign? Because he's the wrong person for the job? Or will it be because, as well as fighting uphill against corporate money and the corporate media, he has to climb over Hillary's pedestal as well? My comment wasn't sexist. The fact that you dislike my comment doesn't make it sexist. The fact that you called my comment sexist _doesn't make it sexist_ - it just makes you ridiculous and ignorant.
Predicts class war? We already have class war; one side just isn't shooting back for some reason.
They're determined to remain politically irrelevant.
The media has a corporate bias.
So when Hillary sold arms to foreign countries who donated to the Clinton Foundation and did a lot of the work on the TPP (which she won't take a stand against), she's just unfairly maligned?
&gt; Who cares if she says it? Well, it affects the media narrative.
I think you're being unfair. He's talked about how he wants to handle ISIS (use diplomacy to get regional militaries to engage them while providing support to those militaries with advisors, spec ops, carefully-targeted bomb/missile/drone strikes). He's talked about what kind of bill he wants to pass to address infrastructure and how big it should be. He's talked about closing tax loopholes, raising taxes on the wealthy, and breaking up the banks. He's said he wants to make public universities free and pay for it with a tax that mainly affects high-speed trading. He's said he wants to expand Social Security and pay for it by raising the income cap. His plan for healthcare is specifically Medicare for all. This is all relatively specific. The president isn't a dictator. There's no absolute guarantee that Bernie (or Rand, or anyone else) could get specific proposals passed as-is if elected. What Bernie is doing is telling us what kinds of policies he favors and what his vision for America is. Of course, that makes them merely campaign promises. But the difference with Bernie is that when he says he wants to do a thing, you can damn well believe he means to do it, and he'll fight for it - not just pretend he's for the people while he's actually busy selling them out.
There's a large group of anti-gun nuts on the left who will take absolutely any gun-related death as a reason to pretend that gun homicides are magnitudes more frequent than they really are and demand laws moving in the direction of a near-total prohibition on civilian gun ownership. When they're not trying to take away everyone's guns, you can usually spot them mocking gun rights advocates for thinking they want to take everyone's guns away (which they do). The way I hear it, nine people died in that church. Do you know how many people die every fucking day in vehicular accidents? Or from preventable heart disease? Or speaking of diseases, let's mention the world's #1 killer: tuberculosis, which is curable. Did you know your kid is as likely to drown in a swimming pool as be the target of a mass shooting? But no one is clamoring to ban swimming pools. Hillary's just playing to her gun-hating, woman-exalting, oligarchy-ignoring base. That's all. If there were no Bernie Sanders, she'd be doing the exact same thing. But if she can knock her rival down a peg in the process, I'm sure she doesn't weep about it.
What accident? He seems mostly against gun control to me. (Or more specifically, he's mostly against federal gun control, which is a fine position to take IMO.) And when the NRA rated him an F, they wrecked the grading scale - they'll have to give some other Dems a V or something.
It's the result of freely-made choices. How is that a "problem" that "needs to be addressed"?
&gt; I can tell you my family, I'm Black, right now has no intention of voting Bernie and are pro-Hillary or just apathetic to the Primaries. It's not that they don't like him, they've just never heard of him and don't care much when I bring up his talking points. How can they not care about single-payer healthcare or free college tuition? Wage hikes? Getting big money out of politics? What do they actually care about?
Executive orders and use of the bully pulpit don't get laws passed, but they sure can make a difference. Endorsing progressives down ticket sets him up for success as well, though that won't happen for a while. Bernie can and does compromise. John McCain called him "results-focused". But I think he's a much savvier negotiator than Obama was and realizes that there are some Republicans you can deal with and others you have to steamroll.
Well sure. It's a "fact". He's serving up bullshit and hoping people swallow it.
To be clear: preventing clotting means getting a good fast draw (but don't use so much suction that you lyse RBCs) and mixing in the anticoagulant ASAP and thoroughly. The chemicals do the magic. Rushing the blood to the lab will get the results that much faster, but won't affect the testing either way (wrt clots).
Nearly all lab techs (both MLS and MLT) have, at minimum, a couple weeks of clinical phlebotomy experience. I did over 500 sticks in school, although that's more than most (it was a busy clinic). A lot of us have either worked as phlebs, or in labs or clinics where we're sometimes required to do draws. We know about babies, psycho needlephobe kids, cranky old people, and the ones who _just won't bleed!_ Believe it or not, we are well aware that the specimens we're most likely to ask for again are the _hardest_ ones to get. If they were easy to collect, you'd have gotten an acceptable specimen on the first try. It feels punitive and unreasonable to have to do the hard ones again when you did your best the first time. But when treatment is guided by lab results, good patient care demands accurate data.
Use the largest needle you think you can get away with and place that needle cleanly in the center of the lumen of the vein. Don't use too much suction, don't draw too slowly either, and mix the blood with the anticoagulant ASAP, but don't mix by shaking the container violently (use several gentle full inversions). Do that and you should never get a hemolyzed sample, unless that's what the patient has. If you read that and think, "but do you have any idea how hard it is to do it textbook-perfect every time!?", that's why the specimens keep hemolyzing. Yes, we do have an idea how hard it is, but the test doesn't care whether or not you gave it your best shot, it only measures what you produced - good or bad.
&gt; Once Hilary's presidential run is over we might not see a viable female candidate for a long time. Because women don't generally run for President. Or any other political office. Don't blame sexism for women's choices unless you're going to hold women's sexism accountable.
&gt; I'm also a realist who knows that America is not a leftist country. Yet. It was always a leftist country. We've just forgotten that, or some of us never learned it.
I just switched, it's SUPER easy. Only takes a minute if you have your OR drivers license or state ID handy and all your other info is current.
Yes we fucking are. Look, I like optimism too. I like knowing what kinds of crowds Bernie's drawing or if he's got a new speech or interview to look at. But there's an awful lot of IT'S HAPPENING in here, and it ain't happening yet.
&gt; If you're on this sub, you should know it isn't about Democrat vs Republican. Right. That's why we hear from Democrat apologists, again and again, that if Bernie loses they're going to rally around Hillary and any Democrat is better than a Republican... because it's not about Democrat vs Republican. That's why Bernie is running as a Democrat instead of as an Independent... because it's not about Democrat vs Republican. Yeah, parties don't matter, except when they're extremely important. Take that bullshit elsewhere. Maybe the clue store will let you trade it in.
&gt; Coming up with intelligent arguments and counterpoints that can be used to sway supporters of Hillary, O'Malley, and Chafee (if they exist) and bring them over to team Bernie Intelligent? No. What we need are _manipulative_ arguments and counterpoints. "OMG that's the exact opposite of what we need! Bernie is not manipulative and it would make his campaign look bad and waaaaaaa" I said manipulative, not dishonest. Most people don't give a fuck about intelligent arguments or facts. Presenting people with information that contradicts their beliefs only makes their beliefs stronger. What we have to do is find a way to make them _think differently:_ a new framework, a question without an easy answer, a new piece of information that doesn't contradict what they already believe. You have to be Socratic and get people to formulate the ideas you want to impart to them. You have to make them want to research Bernie and draw original conclusions. How do you do that? Hell if I know. I'm no great communicator. I just want to scream obscenities at anyone who disagrees with me and tip them out a high window. But if you can make people think about something in a new way, you can change what they think. &gt; Coming up with ways to approach any Republican voters that could possibly be swayed away from the party to vote for Bernie It would help if more of y'all actually understood how Republicans think about the issues and what they want from government, instead of thinking of them as an undifferentiated mass of FOX-watching racist rednecks. Maybe the Republican Sanders supporters here should write some kind of primer. &gt; From people that believe that the system is broken, to people that just think that there is no reason to be involved, Bernie has something to offer all of these people. Unless he loses. In which case they were right all along. But getting cynics to back him should be pretty easy; show them any speech or interview where he calls out wealth inequality and the billionaires and they'll take notice. They may not believe he can win, but they'll notice him. If you get their attention now, and if Bernie's poll numbers are beating Hillary six months from now, they might become supporters.
I see radicalism in that image, but no violence. There are no weapons, no bodies. And while there was plenty of violence in Iraq, the image of the Iraqis tearing down Saddam Hussein's statue was powerful and something that Americans can identify with thanks to America's birth in the Revolutionary War.
&gt; Anyway, there is this haunting quote attributed to John Steinbeck “Socialism never took root in America because the poor see themselves not as an exploited proletariat but as temporarily embarrassed millionaires.” I think Steinbeck was wrong. America's poor don't see themselves as millionaires; they see themselves as middle class. Even when someone is struggling to pay rent and eat, struggling to raise their family, sacrificing to get by, living paycheck to paycheck, they'll still say "look, I make $29,000 a year! I'm middle class!" Why? Classism. We still hate and despise poor people in America and view poverty as a character flaw. We don't have to believe we're rich; we just have to never admit we're poor. &gt; I just don't see many voters that like going to their office/workplace, church, community gatherings and openly say "I am an unapologetic leftist". I think you're right. "Leftist" is not really the best way to frame this. Bernie's platform is Main Street USA, not Leninist Russia or a hippie drum circle. Call it "populist". Or "reformist". If jingoism weren't so out of fashion, I'd suggest "patriot", "revolutionary", or even "real American". (He's trying "revolutionary", but I'm not sure it's sticking.) People have compared him to Teddy and Franklin Roosevelt - that's the kind of comparison we want, I think. But move away from left/right language, I don't think it helps.
Well, with America's far left, you never know.
&gt; What are your concerns regarding Sanders' run? He might lose. &gt; If he doesn't win the primary, people who would have voted Democrat had he done so may instead not vote or go third-party, causing a Republican win. The implications of this, given that the Supreme Court judges are due for re-election, are horrific. The implications of this are great. If our federal government is irretrievably captured by the money power, I am fully in favor of letting the Republicans drown it in a bathtub - it'll make secession or revolution easier. I fully plan to vote for the Republican if Sanders doesn't win the primary.
Okay. Let's say they hate him as a socialist and intend to vote for him in the primary and then backstab him in the general. That's fuckin' fantastic. Why? First, it's not like those are lost votes because they weren't going to vote for him in the general anyway. And second, it means that he gets the best possible chance to run the kind of issues-driven campaign he wants. He gets to make his ideas the subject of the national political dialogue, which is the second best outcome we can hope for. If Republicans are convinced that he's dead wrong, then by all means, let's have that debate. We'll get our guy and their guy up on stage and they'll talk about policy, just like Bernie wants. And if these people, who fully intend to betray him, if even these people can respect his honesty and recognize that his opponents are plutocrats... who knows? A few might flip by November.
God works in mysterious ways, right?
&gt; Furthermore, the policy priorities of black populations aren't identical to those of white populations. Yeah! Black people only care about black things. Better wages, more jobs, more healthcare, free college, political representation - these are only white concerns.
I've never voted Republican myself, but I'll do it if Hillary gets the nomination. It's the best way to hurt her chances, for one thing (although it won't matter much in my state); for another, if our federal government really has taken out of our hands, I want to elect the people who want to drown it in a bathtub and return power to the states.
&gt; What makes you think that they actually want to return power to the states? You mean besides their rhetoric? I'm not particularly convinced that they genuinely want to restore some imaginary anti-federalist American utopia... although some of them might actually think that, I dunno. Some of their voters certainly do. But the damage they would do to the economy and social safety nets virtually guarantees the end of the federal government as a sustainable institution. &gt; If I have to make the sadistic choice... blah, blah, blah, capitulation, lesser evil You mean the cowardly choice. You've been reduced to groveling and begging for partial reprieves. Is there any fight in you at all? &gt; Spiting the DNC for not nominating Bernie by voting Republican is like spiting Gotham for distrusting Batman by voting for the Joker. Yeah, well, if Gotham doesn't know what's good for it, good riddance. &gt; Assisting in granting them a supermajority in all three branches of the federal government is a damn foolish move, no matter how pissed you are that the DNC didn't back an honest and principled man. I guess you'd better make damn sure Bernie wins. :)
&gt; Bernie needs to articulate how his agenda will help all Americans. He already has.
His perpetuation of the gender pay gap myth. Support for GMO labeling. Gun control, although he's really quite moderate so I can't complain too much. Maybe some other things I can't remember now.
The bottom 90% of us can't afford to travel outside the US :P
The ones selling books no one wants?
&gt; In regards to taxes, they asked if the companies would increase their product costs because of the increase in their taxes. Well, they could try, but competition is going to make them keep their prices as low as they can, right? If they raise their prices too high they'll lose sales.
Help get the word out! Most people like him once they learn about him, but a LOT of people still don't know about him, just like you didn't!
I thought it was simpler to leave that out of my explanation... but yeah, there it is.
Wikipedia: "At the U.S. federal level, an organization becomes a PAC when it receives or spends more than $2,600 for the purpose of influencing a federal election, according to the Federal Election Campaign Act." ActBlue is neither receiving or spending this money. It's just passing it along.
I've got the i Touring (2.0 engine). It's not a sports or luxury car - you understand that, right? But it performs very respectably for what it is. Not hard at all to push it up to 70 or 80; I got a speeding ticket the other day for doing 73 on my morning commute up I-5. :( It also handles well at that speed, unlike the Honda Fit which handles like Kermit the Frog flailing his arms and screaming. For aggressive merging and passing, you'll probably want to look at the manual, or get used to using the tiptronic for driver-controlled downshifts if you like automatics; like all automatics, there's a bit of a lag between when you stomp hard on the gas and when the engine says "Huh? OH! You want to go fast!" and downshifts for you. The steering is very nimble and makes lane changes feel easier.
Based on the last 8 years, I can't be sure what's in Obama's heart, and I'm not convinced it's anything good. Obama's no Slick Willy, but everyone knows he can deliver a good speech. That doesn't mean you can trust anything he says.
I totally agree. The "left" has forgotten about economics and become all about identity politics, except for a few socialists and Marxists on the fringe. And the thing about modern leftist identity politics is not only does it largely ignore economics (because classism is the -ism that nobody cares about) but it has these really toxic ideas about who's allowed to speak and what they're allowed to say, and then you get the SJWs mobbing together to attack and harass anyone who doesn't agree with them, and the whole thing ends up being anti-free speech, anti-intellectual, anti-liberal, and oppressive in its own way. And meanwhile everyone else is becoming more equal to straight white men, which is fine, but that benchmark is being pushed down more and more as the billionaires take over and at some point we're all going to equally have nothing left.
&gt; social issues are much more cut and dry, whereas economic issues are murky and numbers-filled. No, you just think this is so. Who's more oppressed - a gay black man or a white Muslim woman in a wheelchair? Do you even know? Does _anyone_? What law can we pass that ends racism? Does anyone actually know how to legislate an attitude? But meanwhile, economic issues can be very simple. "Minimum wage should be a living wage" - simple. "Everyone should have healthcare" - simple. "40 hour work weeks" - simple. What we're really seeing is that social issues are "important", and economic ones aren't, so people focus on social issues, whether because they're poseurs looking for approval, or SJW bullies who need a righteous cause to justify their bullying, or serious activists seeking justice - and it's a self-perpetuating thing, because as long as people see the big focus on social issues, that's where they're gonna focus too.
So you're okay with allowing the wealthy elite to remain in power?
It's not satire, just some loony extremists.
"We don't believe in aggression!" "Okay. So if it's cold outside and I decide to sleep in your house, what happens?" "I point my shotgun at you and tell you to GIT." "That sounds awfully aggressive." "No, no... you used force against me when you violated my property. I'm only acting in self-defense. It's not the same." "What if I don't agree it's your property?" "_splutter_"
Making a video where that dark-haired chick runs toward the camera a lot was a brilliant move. Downvote me if you want, but it's true. :P If we're suggesting goofy theme songs for Bernie, I'd go with Twisted Sister's "We're Not Gonna Take It".
You said: &gt; no matter how bad Hillary could be, a Republican Congress and President will literally turn back every step forward we've had in the last 3 decades. The wealthy elite get their political power by capturing government. Electing someone who will keep the federal government strong supports the elite better than electing someone who will ruin the government through ideology and incompetence.
&gt; Find out what's important to them rather than tell them. I tried that, right here in this sub. I initially bought into the idea that Bernie's campaign needed more minority outreach, and when I got some pushback on that from self-identified minorities, I asked them what their communities wanted. First they told me that their communities aren't monoliths and they can't speak for others. So asking a minority what other members of the same minority group want is a waste of time. Then they told me that minorities care about all the issues that the white mainstream cares about, and you don't know what part of Bernie's platform is going to appeal to someone. So having any assumptions about what minorities want or need to hear to give their support is also pointless. Okay, fine, those are very reasonable positions and in hindsight I should probably have known better. And yet, we still hear about how Bernie has to specifically speak to minority identities or else they'll vote for Hillary because they don't actually know or care about the issues as much as they like being pandered to. We still have to hear "Bernie is living in a white bubble!" comments even though he has the strongest civil rights record. Heads you whine, tails he loses. So, basically: go choke.
&gt; One might blame the media for willfully ignoring a presidential candidate, while someone else might just get pissed and blame minorities for never hearing of the guy. I'd hope that most would choose the former. I _don't know_ which one it is. I hope it's the former. I really hope that it's not a third possibility: racial minorities are hearing about Bernie as much as white folks are, but rejecting him because he doesn't pander to their racial identities enough. &gt; he absolutely, 100% needs to get his ass speaking in front of diverse groups of people. He hyper-focuses on Iowa and New Hampshire to his peril. Diverse groups of people need to realize that _he has spoken to diverse groups of people_. Just because you can find a lot of pictures and videos of him at town halls full of whites doesn't change that. Diverse groups of people need to understand why he's hyperfocused on the two earliest primary states: not because they're full of white folks, because he's the underdog, running without corporate funding, and he needs exposure and name recognition to win early primary states that will give his campaign national credibility.
&gt; Many Bernie supporters are Bobbeheads Your willingness to dehumanize those you disagree with belies your claims to liberalism.
&gt; OP essentially wants Hillary to lose at all costs. Ah, yes. Quite right. My bad. Well, then, I'm not going to change OP's view. I'm already on record saying that if Bernie can't win, we'd be better off electing people who will ruin the federal government that the elites have captured and drive the states to take a more active role in government.
Nice. You can't support your position, so you ask for your critics to be banned. How very "modern progressive" of you.
1. You can't convince everyone. 2. You have limited energy, so concentrate on the people you _can_ convince first. Don't burn out on the hard cases. If you can build a big enough majority, then either they'll evolve or they'll be pushed to the fringe.
What is theft? What is property? Clarify your assumptions.
&gt; Why do we just accept that higher taxes means they will abandon America or just make us pay more? Those who accept this premise do so because they believe that the wealthy have an absolute right to their wealth and their community has no say in how its resources are allocated.
And that labor, was it performed in a vacuum, hmm? Or was productive capital involved? And what right did you have to that capital?
It's not apathy - it's learned helplessness.
For those who said he has to attack Hillary and differentiate himself, this is how he's gonna do that...
&gt; GMO labeling isn't anti-science, it's more about people knowing what they're eating. Except it's not, because most people don't understand GMOs. It'd be like putting a big scary "WARNING: CONTAINS DIHYDROGEN MONOXIDE" on packaged food.
&gt; You cannot ban tipping. Sure you can. Tell your customers tips are not accepted. Tell your employees not to accept them. Fire the ones who accept them. _Et voila._ Other restaurants have done it. &gt; Part of our American culture is tipping. And slavery. And witch burning. But we fixed those. Twerking might be here to stay, though. :( &gt; Also our servers would much prefer earning a lower wage with tips than a higher wage without. So on the one hand, your customers are so sensitive to price that any increase could ruin your business... but on the other hand, they're so generous with their tips that your employees would actually lose money if you paid them a proper wage and told them not to accept tips anymore?
&gt; So why actively be against other people making their own choices about what they eat? Hurts non-organic farmers. I know damn well that 95% of what's said about GMOs is paranoid bunk, and I see no reason why the state should assist an ignorant mob in ruining some people's businesses. &gt; That is a rather conservative way to look at things that doesn't mesh with liberal values. If you're trying to find the liberal angle in this, here it is: improve science education.
AHAHAHAHAHA! So true...
For starters, you'd need a villainous smirk...
That's metal AF.
The money doesn't go nearly as far as it used to, though.
Every time I have to call a nurse to resolve a delta and they don't even know what's going on with their patient, or I'm drawing their patient with dementia and they're giving me dirty looks because policy requires me to ask them to help confirm ID, I really start to wonder what the hell they're being paid so much for.
I listen for the instructions.
Culture can't be owned; therefore it is not possible to appropriate it. The author ought to stop seeking imaginary offenses to masturbate to.
&gt; now that it makes the $$ it's gained tremendous respect in peer/public eyes. Of course it does. Do you think people are going to dis a career that makes enough money that they'd like to enter it?
For morale, I suggest drawing a happier face on the opposable digit.
&gt; More specifically, I tried to do everything "the right way", instead of their way, and this is where it got me. Uh huh. What's "the right way"?
So they're hiring a young, attractive professional faker to play a different kind of young, attractive professional faker?
Your last couple of posts are bumping my spam meter, torymcbroom. Anyway, the general consensus on these vein finders is that they're 1. expensive 2. bulky and inconvenient 3. only really good at finding the veins that are easy to find in the first place. I can see them being useful in certain situations. Sure seems like IV nurses could use them sometimes. And patients with a lot of edema, whose veins you can't palpate. But in cases like that, you'd call in someone with an ultrasound machine to find a vein - so if anything, this would be another tool in _their_ arsenal. The phlebotomist won't be using it. Now, if you could shrink the whole thing into a lightweight pair of glasses with a built-in HUD and sell it for cheap, then you'd have something.
You're welcome. Next time tax the rich, you stupid fucks - they're the ones with all the money.
Seconding this - correlating results with the patient's condition is occasionally useful/necessary, but the vast majority of the time you're not going to be doing that; you're going to be making sure that the specimen isn't clotted or diluted with IV fluid, and that the results actually get reported and don't just sit in limbo in the LIS (or never cross over from the instrument because of label issues etc). When you look at a smear it'll usually be to verify the instrument results, not to discover a disease.
It's like being an assassin; the first ~~kill~~ stick is the hardest.
Again: organization (unions). The only thing that's going to improve that situation is if the employees won't be bent or bribed into doing the work that admin/corporate won't hire for and then doctors start doing without timely, accurate test results as a result of understaffing and/or burnout. Nurses did it, went on strike, and it improved their pay, working conditions, and status enormously. There's no reason we can't do that, no reason at all... except that for being a bunch of supposedly logical, intelligent, and educated people, most techs sound like your dumb racist uncle at Thanksgiving when it comes to unionizing. But I think we generally agree on this; I'm saying it more for the benefit of the audience.
If you've got more to say, by all means say it! If I am wrong, then I would like my perspective broadened.
RIGHT!? There is this: a lot of unions are not doing particularly well by their members these days. The bosses cozy up to crooked politicians who, themselves, are in bed with Wall Street and so on, and then the bosses turn around and tell their members to fall in line and accept mediocre contracts while the politicians help employers cut domestic jobs - and then they still want their dues! It's the sort of thing that would make you think unions are either useless or a scam, if it was all you had to go on - and I suspect many Americans are politically ignorant in the same way that many are computer illiterate or functionally innumerate. Techs went to school, sure, but most of them didn't study the history of labor movements while they were there...
Well, that's because no other organization is doing much of anything for us. But ASCLS isn't a union, and it can't take the place of a union.
Fair enough. But, I mean, imagine not getting a job you wanted because you didn't ask one of those questions. And most likely you'll never even know if that was the reason.
I had to get a nurse to stick a baby three times once. I was kinda dreading that last call.
I never give two identifiers and there's almost never any kind of readback. This is how my trainers were and as far as I can overhear this is how it is for the rest of my lab as well. Here's what it boils down to. We techs are expected to always be friendly and accommodating, even when the nurse on the other end of the phone isn't. They'll argue with us, hang up on us, resent any inconvenience like having to verify things, and management always sides with nursing if we complain. But if we give them any attitude back, or insist on doing anything the proper way, you'd better believe those vindictive shits will suddenly find the spare time to write up a flowery report about how we were literally the rudest person they've ever dealt with and now they have PTSD, and we'll get hauled into a supervisor's office over it. So yeah, it sure would be awful if there was some kind of preventable mistake and it resulted in harm to a patient. But as long as management doesn't police nursing and doesn't let us do it either, techs are going to seek the path of least resistance. Change the system if you want to change the outcomes.
