OR...or maybe they're not American. Or maybe they are actually happy with their lives.
Why? I'll try to do it when I get to my pc but why? I never said low end PCs can compete with the xbone or are cheaper for equivalent performance. I said &gt;The price/performance is better on pc than Xbone if you buy a good cheap card. with the cards I mentioned &gt;270X/280X/960 Edit: changed cards, see parent Edit 2: Done! And I didn't even have to do anything thanks to various subreddits and websites. First things first I bumped the budget up to $400 to account for a 1 year Xbox Live subscription. As for your requirements: Windows 10 might be free for system builders in the future but in the meantime there's linux/piracy/Dreamspark for students/Cheap keys from ebay if you must have windows (this will add $50). A full price Windows key pushes the build over budget though sorry. You can pick up a kbam for $15 or maybe even less at Walmart. Now for the builds. [Exhibit A: $364 without KbaM and OS](http://www.reddit.com/r/CabaloftheBuildsmiths/wiki/usbuilds) [Exhibit B: $400 without KbaM and OS - website only goes down to $400](http://choosemypc.net/build/?budget=400&amp;oc=false&amp;options=) First build uses a 270, second a 270X. Reviews and benchmarks here: [1](http://www.anandtech.com/show/7503/the-amd-radeon-r9-270x-270-review-feat-asus-his/15) [2](http://www.tomshardware.co.uk/radeon-r9-270-review-benchmarks,review-32824.html) As you can see both cards can maintain at least : * 1080p 60fps high settings on BF4 (not 6 months old but I prefer using popular titles for benchmarks, it's also harder to find benchmarks for games other than the ones used by every website). * 1080p 60 fps medium settings, 45 fps high settings on Crysis 3 * 1080p 45fps high settings on Metro: Last Light * 1080p 60fps ultra quality on Bioshock Infinite * 1080p 50 fps ultra quality on Tomb Raider * 1080p 53 fps high quality on Company of Heroes 2 In conclusion we can see that although I have failed to provide a 'console killer' for the same price as a console, for just $50-$100 more (money that will be saved by not paying for live every year) you can build a pretty decent rig for 1080p 60fps at high settings.
wow seriously?
Other western developed countries. And why don't you use figures from Germany or the UK? Massive immigration yet still no police homicides. Also why the fuck are you bringing race into this? Immigrants and non whites are't guaranteed criminals you know. Why are you listing contributing factors? Are you saying you wouldn't have such high rates of police homicides without the reasons for said high rate? Well gee whiz well done Batman. No country's exactly the same.
UK did. Public voted for it after the Dunblane school shooting in 1996. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dunblane_school_massacre http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Snowdrop_Campaign
Some people want guns*
I was aware of the fact that guns are not banned outright. You make some good points about why disarmament would be long and arduous which is why i said &gt;It's just never going to happen. Thanks for the long well thought out reply.
Those statistics are only from the USA.
Was he accepted back in? I don't remember this.
I do it to see how bad my team and squad are.
Every time a weapon stat is changed the game becomes 1% more like COD. Didn't you read the patch notes?
Literally
What dentist would remove teeth without any anesthetic?
Felt fine to me, especially when on roofs.
&gt;Unless you believe the rate should be lower YES! YES IT SHOULD!
How did you share an apartment with with 1 billion people? Because those are some massive generalisations.
This is actually why the 290X sells slightly better in northern countries.
~~constrict is a word~~ Edit: I don't know why I was arguing. Having read this thread again everything you guys say makes sense. While constricted is valid restricted IS the better term. Sorry for being confrontational. Shouldn't have argued.
Joking
3edgy5me
He's referring to what they are known as. We just call them beer.
How can you compare 1 country to 50 countries just because it's 'big'?
&gt;greatly Yeah no. They're mostly the same.
Nice generalisation. Could go the other way just as easily though. &gt;People outside of Germany are very ignorant of how it works. Half of them couldn't point Bremen on a map. &gt;People outside of the UK are very ignorant of how it works. Half of them couldn't point Surrey on a map. &gt;People outside of China are very ignorant of how it works. Half of them couldn't point Jilin on a map.
I know states have legal differences, I'm just saying that the differences between countries is 100x more than those.
Even bigger difference between Italy, UK, Finland, Portugal and Latvia (I'll throw in Russia and Turkey for fun too). It is fact that the differences in legal systems between states doesn't compare to the differences between countries. As for your cultural differences, states have had what 200 years to develop a unique culture? Countries have had thousands.
Mostly, yes.
6 and 12 countries. You?
Your distance doesn't make a single bloody difference. This is what a lot of Americans fail to grasp. Distance and borders doesn't mean anything when they've been changing for hundreds of years. And we have our shit together much more than the US imo. &gt; Look at the US, some states are great distances apart. And yet they can agree on some fundamental principles. Apparently not gun control, gay marriage or age of consent though. &gt;However, a couple of cops in some pretty racist parts of the US act horrible and you think it is the whole country. When and where did I say this? I have never thought that every american cop beats up random civilians for fun daily. &gt;yet in comparison they are closer together than San Francisco and Boston. Why the FUCK does the distance between them matter? &gt; IF anything Europe needs to spread a more positive culture across some of its more shitter areas. I agree. But the same applies to the entire planet.
You know you've reached the pinnacle of civilised debate when someone mentions the Nazis for no reason. Goodbye.
Like what? Have you ever even been to the UK? Or Europe? And area doesn't fucking matter.
&gt;That's like me saying Prague and Marrakesh are the same because they both have roads. It's really not
It doesn't. Just the usual murica big
Are you sure you're not just browsing new?
Best of both worlds
People can do what they want. If I paid £40 for my copy I'm gonna camp roofs with ammo boxes and Stiglas, RPG infantry, jihad jeep tanks and pretend I'm Robin Hood if that's what I want to do.
Some of us live with Scots on the border.
grammar amerifat
Worse, bagpipes and haggis
Except it was actually called association football. The assoc was shortened to form soccer while everyone else just took the association bit off.
5 seconds? Wow this bot is fast.
[/u/PlayMp1 beat you to it](http://en.reddit.com/r/SubredditDrama/comments/38uqkt/found_the_brony_war_erupts_in/cryn3kq)
Double tap the Xbox button on your controller. From there you can snap apps, record video and take screenshots. Snapped apps take up a third of your screen so you can have the achievements app snapped while playing a campaign.
&gt;I've been with AMD for 4 years or so it's time to switch back to Nvidia.
That's just your opinion. I love Italian pizza and Chicago pies being called pizza disgust me.
oh god he's going to end up on XDA
I'm erect. And lucky! I' only on 5.1
thatsthejoke.png.exe.bat.dll
The mods reaction was taken out of context as well. The guy didn't post the full screenshot of his conversation.
campaign
We're halfway there
Expense? And before people call me out the upfront cost is more, you can't build an equivalent rig with Windows and peripherals for the same price.
[Positive, I already had this conversation with someone](https://en.reddit.com/r/xboxone/comments/37yoq4/how_much_different_will_the_elder_scrolls_online/crrq5wf?context=10000) Your link doesn't include OS or peripherals. And the console killer despite having none of the above is still $70 more expensive than an Xbone and 1 year of Xbox Live. I am definitely pro pc but at low budgets it's hard to just find that extra $70. Live and more expensive games aren't upfront costs so their benefits are harder to realise immediately.
Thanks for signing up for Lettuce Facts! You now will receive fun daily facts about LETTUCE! On average, Americans eat 30 pounds of lettuce every year. &lt;To cancel Daily Lettuce Facts, reply 'cancel'&gt;
There's no need to use more than one exclamation mark.
I wasn't referring to the reddit drama, I was just saying it in principle that free speech should be for everyone. I do agree with the ban though, because it was for harassment. I just meant to say that if they weren't harassing they shouldn't have been banned because the mods banned people who interrupted the circlejerk.
I'm sure they care.
Yes, I know this and I agree. I was just saying that even if they silence dissent they should still have free speech. Edit: silencing dissent: how FPH mods banned people that interrupted the circlejerk
Np and I've edited my posts for clarity.
Check out subs to help you practice your writing and read other's like /r/WritingPrompts and /r/HFY
I'd trust the chef's decision tbh because it's his restaurant and his menu. And you're not the one paying their salary, they have plenty of other customers presumably.
Yeah you can't see shit from across the ocean so why don't you shut up about continents you know nothing about and stop watching fox news
True, but looking at the populations of countries like Pakistan as an accurate representation is wrong imo, because illiterate people from poor, undeveloped countries will be more likely to be barbaric. It's hard to say how much better they would do without religion.
This always confuses me because there's more than one holiday season
No, no, no you don't understand, I have to fly as low as possible so I can show off my l33t MLG pro piloting skills weaving between hills and buildings (until I get rekt by a tank).
for you
That's all fine and dandy until you encounter the invincible trees/lampposts
Isn't a thing and never has been
&gt;Yeah but it's a fun way of ~~pointing out when someone is obviously a teen or preteen.~~ being condescending
Yeah that too. I forgot about that one
&gt;only
Hunting for dogtags in random locations isn't fun
I like the loot mechanics. Seems like the extraction requirements make looting more risky and the items more valuable. The visual indicators are a nice touch, however I'm scared we're going to have high level squads camp the extraction sites and steal everything. Are the extraction site locations dynamic?
&gt;where only the jihad-quads can (maybe) get to it. Or literally any air vehicle.
Corey?
Then the water has direct access to the SoC for even better cooling!
no, the Abrams is just 100% shit
I'm OCD about OCD being used as an adjective
If they advertised it too many people would download it and the servers would crash and Xbox Live would go down for a month and then we wouldn't be able to play Pool Nation :(
I understand, it can be hard to imagine the inflections of spoken speech. It's a question but maybe a rhetorical one.
Already was a question on the Edexcel maths exam. There was one about plants being cheaper at one store and one about whether someone could afford to tile their conservatory.
makes sense
They are the default Android emojis.
and charge your phone
Oh yeah I should definitely know this, looks so useful
I'm 45 already. :)
This is a retarded idea
Dulce et Decorum est pro patria mori
Complaining about downvotes is embarrassing and is a sure way to get even more
Have you considered ordering from Germany, specifically amazon.de?
Well they do spend multiple years making the game
vermelhopiller?
It's pathetic
&gt;UK: “Violent crime contains a wide range of offences, from minor assaults such as pushing and shoving that result in no physical harm through to serious incidents of wounding and murder. Around a half of violent incidents identified by both BCS and police statistics involve no injury to the victim.” &gt;USA: “In the FBI’s Uniform Crime Reporting (UCR) Program, violent crime is composed of four offenses: murder and nonnegligent manslaughter, forcible rape, robbery, and aggravated assault. Violent crimes are defined in the UCR Program as those offenses which involve force or threat of force.” [Source](https://dispellingthemythukvsusguns.wordpress.com/)
It's not free...it's £20 a year. And it doesn't have anything to do with GwG. It's a paid subscription on top of Gold.
Alien Blue is shit, Android has multiple better alternatives.
Diversity is usually code for thugs/urban youths/black people.
sick of this
This is some shit economics analysis, there's other factors at play
Have you turned off the proprietary Nvidia hairworks? Apparently that really helps fps.
Aldi?
Bs
In the banterbus with the lads
Never, it's their RIGHT to brainwash children
It isn't
No Apple phone I've owned has had "perfectly good" battery life
You're the one taking the phrasing negatively, I didn't mean it like that
Oh, you're one of those people who likes peanut butter Oh, you're one of those people who likes marmite Oh, you're one of those people who likes orange juice with bits Oh, you're one of those people who likes physical keyboards Oh, you're one of those people who likes the colour blue Oh, you're one of those people who likes golf
Especially servers
RECKER!
Check the rules lmao
[Or the even more modern Wildcat](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AgustaWestland_AW159_Wildcat)
better be running M preview :\^)
Source for the pic? Edit: [Someone pm'd me, no sound though](http://www.redtube.com/545799)
They don't want the people that take /r/MURICA seriously*. They're fine with people who can handle the banter and see through the deliberately offensive satire which quite a lot of reddit can't.
Neither have I but it is.
Or because you're surrounded by two allies and a fucking ocean.
Postman in the UK.
Guys look at the username
Moto G and Play are low specced compared to the others so I wouldn't recommend them. G4 is a very good phone, excellent camera with full manual controls, MicroSD, removable batteries, 1440p screen and quite cheap in the UK now. LG is also one of the best manufacturers when it comes to OS updates. The 5X also has an excellent camera albeit with no OIS or EIS and a fingerprint sensor which is very nice. Runs pure stock Android which many people appreciate and is updated on day 1. Can't go wrong with a Nexus when it comes to Android development. Why not the Nexus 6P though? Size? Cost? It has better specs and comes in 64 and 128GB versions if you need a lot of space. Android takes up around 9GB I think so that's around 23GB usable. Surely an iPhone user is used to that ;) I'd decide on looks and size between the 5X and the G4.
It's getting Marshmallow and the 810 and 808 were rubbish chips so no. Upgrade at the end of 2016 because all of the phones released next year will be a much bigger jump.
Much better in terms of power efficiency and performance. It won't thermal throttle nearly as bad as the 810. 40% better graphics performance. Faster LTE and Wifi. Quick charge 3. Much more than the jump from 801 to 805 or 805 to 810. It'll apparently be one of those god tier chips you can use for years.
Yes because guns are illegal in many places and are used to kill people daily.
How about you go stick your condescension up your arse? I've lived there for 12 years. I'm not some random foreigner shitting on Pakistan for fun. I speak fluent English and Urdu. The country has a 54% literacy rate so no it's clearly not most people. A third of the country can't even read or write. Why are you making things up? You statement is laughable when almost half the country can't even read or write in one language. The quality of English taught in most schools is nowhere near good enough for fluency. The average person's English is broken as fuck. There's a reason there's so many dodgy English tuition companies that basically walk people through the IELTS even though it's easy af as you say. What you're speaking about is an experience typical of the upper class. It's called anecdotal data. The we you're talking about is the 1%. This statement is a fucking joke. PS: I was referring to the "most of us" not you specifically.
Lmao you seem to be genuinely autistic.
12 comments lmfao
OK mate
Because you can't have as much geographic tribalism when everyone in the sub is the same nationality.
Leicester are second in the prem and ManU and Chelsea are shit.
It's the vast vast majority in the UK and parts of many Scandinavian countries and Germany as well from what I've heard.
Yes but what if he was white?
Their design is easily the best in the market imo. Much better than the hideous G4 or ugly S6 and iPhone 6s.
I like the blandness and minimalism and don't care about the icons because I always use icon packs.
No one in the UK afaik.
Every phone uses 2.1, it's just marketing and desperate excuses by Qualcomm.
No, that is a stereotypical war economy. The country was mobilising for a war they knew would be like no other.
Perfectly legitimate elections where opposing parties were forcibly disbanded.
At least I won't be shot
So you're the ones doing the shooting?
Don't know about PSN but Xbox Live has shit uptime.
Students? I didn't have to go in today. Mock week, study leave.
It goes down every week.
On the internet, no one knows you're a shark.
It does have a kettle...
[Clementine will remember this]
&gt;lol your an idiot &gt;your an idiot &gt;your
Anything can catch you with your 75kbps connection.
I'm just glad I play on servers with active admins.
No
Oh, I've seen that in the menus but didn't realise it was that upgrade. Thanks. I've got better armour now so should I just sell all my Kaer Morhen armour and Witcher swords?
You need to swap the brackets. It's [text](link)
It's not your aim. 5-7 bullets is how normal is balanced. It allows you to escape after being tagged and means you can retaliate before dying. BF is more of an arcadey fps.
You could try using a high damage weapon like a DMR if you value picking your shots. Sorry if I came off as rude earlier.
The country where carriers have almost complete control over which phones people buy? The same one where half the population buys iPhones and the other 49% Galaxies? This phone is not catering to the rich, if you haven't noticed. It's going to take a long time for Huawei to plan a full push into the US market, if ever. It's not really their niche. And the US is not the largest country in the world, by landmass or population. It doesn't inspire much faith in the US education system when you say things like that.
&gt;reddit &gt;hard left The only leftist thing about reddit is legalising marijuana.
Bostonian so 110% Irish
I'll go have a scrounge, thanks.
It's still ridiculously high.
Siege of Shanghai, Attack helicopter
You can do it on consoles as well dude. Advanced settings.
oxymoron
What the fuck? Does food not count as a country's cuisine if it's ingredients are imported?
This is a bit over the top...
Pretty much every random merchant sells at least a few but unfortunately the Pellar and Keira have the widest varieties.
There definitely is a line and that's kind of creepy.
A morbid fascination with death is a normal part of the human psyche.
Sorry I got /r/militaryporn confused with another sub, it does have pictures of all that. It's just that the other subs don't have pictures of people.
It is sub $200 then. The author is factually correct.
Don't know, can't predict the future can I? All I know is that capital punishment is barbaric.
I think this is a joke.
That's doxxing. Stop it.
Http://Softpower30.portland-communications.com/ranking
Wasn't this on /r/subredditdrama last week?
I didn't mean to come off as too upset, I'm not that fussed. This line is just something I find annoying.
Same in /r/android with MKBHD and PocketNow's Michael Fisher.
They expect some of us in the wreckage brother.
Stop fighting pointless wars and maybe you wouldn't die.
Why did you link it and give them ad revenue and views then?
[NHS pride intensifies]
Edit out the &gt;picked a fight and change it to something neutral like &gt;was involved in an altercation would be my advice.
Afaik joining the military is not mandatory.
&gt;quiet &gt;its &gt;whats &gt;nhs Not illiterate but not exactly good English, especially if it's his first language.
Microtransactions?
Where have I heard that before?
I didn't notice the sound but I agree about the immersion, the only reason civilians came up to you was to ask for food. Visuals were mixed.
Yes, Germanic languages are closely related to English and many words are cognates plus the grammar can be similar. Try having a look at the German section on Duolingo. I'm learning German at school as my third language and have been for two years, the only hard thing are the adjectival endings (german nouns can be masculine, feminine or neuter) and the endings for the cases (accusative, dative, nominative, genitive) which are a bitch to learn.
The loot system seemed ripe for grafting a microtransaction system on, there were weapon skins which I'm skeptical will be in game cash only.
No problem Einstein
I'm not talking about graphics, I'm talking about the co-operation and action shown in the cutscene.
They have a 720p screen.
Contrast, touch accuracy, input delay etc. One could also argue consumers prefer inaccurate screens because of the oversaturated displays of Samsung's AMOLED panels which are constantly praised.
I've never heard or seen anyone using it.
PC doesn't except on day 1. My experience before anyone pulls out their calendar.
3GB of RAM compared to 2, no fingerprint sensor, worse camera, bigger battery. &gt;Identical
Admins said it somewhere, sorry, don't have a link. Alexa seems to have everything behind a paywall so I can't check your data BTW. Also, it is estimated.
&gt;Admins said it &gt;Thin air You seem to lack reading comprehension. Since when are third party estimates better than official company figures?
Feel free to PM the admins yourself.
[Did you love it 5 months ago?](https://np.reddit.com/r/EDM/comments/3fwmck/i_hit_the_holy_grail_of_garage_sales_all_for_35/)
15 hours is like 1% of the game. That's nothing, you haven't even seen anything outside White Orchard or even learnt how to play properly yet.
Alright mate it's not a competition..I agree though.
