Immortality.
I'd absolutely love Google + if it were seamlessly integrated into everything Google, but as it stands, its simply a poor replacement for Facebook for me since I find FB creepy and as creepy as Google is, I don't have to deal with family on them.
Okay, first. Biological immortals - the Centurions. A group of powerful human beings who, thanks to a number of scientific innovations, cannot age. They can still die, so they aren't necessarily immortal, but they are immortal in that they live forever. Of course, by the time the main story takes place, most of them are dead, but that's irrelevant to this question. As for Gods, there are two main godlike beings in my world - the first(though I hesitate to order them first and second) are the Sentinels of Dawn, mechanized warriors cast in the early dawn of Time to protect and serve the Empire. Eons after the it has faded away into disexistence, they still stand guard, waiting for the day when the heir returns to bring the Empire back to it's former glory. The second is an oddity - they are, quite simply, the Past, Present, and Future, manifested as physical entities. It's weird - I know, but the way it ties into the story works it out to be a pretty cool concept.
Bastille's cover of ['What Would You Do?'](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ceYjUymR-wo), [original](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LahcSFleKm8) by City High.
Am I on a list for clicking that?
&gt;I'm worried that it might not sell more than a hundred copies unless the main character is a bald space marine. Erm...sarcasm I hope? If not, you have a serious misunderstanding of the modern game industry.
A number of things, some of which I'll miss: 1. Hyper Light Drifter - I really think the art for the game speaks for itself - so atmospheric and mysterious, and that's a feeling I kind of wanted to recreate. 2. Music - Catching Flies, Tycho, Stellardrone, many others all serve as a constant source of inspiration. 3. Hotline Miami - I wouldn't necessarily say this alone is an influence, or its style of gameplay is, but its narrative structure - where you aren't really sure what is real and what isn't - has been a huge influence on the way I write some of my stories. 4. Myself - A ton of my inspiration comes from inside - trains of thought, dreams, past experiences, all of these influence my stories in important, and I dare say, the most important ways.
The main problem I have with articles like that is they've been saying the same thing for *so damn long.*
Hydrogen by M.O.O.N.
Dune has all your answers, really.
Its not really about being with someone constantly so much as it is about being with someone for longer than they feel bad for you. You know, longer than a minute.
I don't think them surviving would have made a difference - America still would have lost the war, which acted as a catalyst for all the events in both games. Had they won the war, Russia never would have been in America, 50 Blessings would never exist, and there would be no nukes.
[Stop and Stare](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ByaPYdvUIXQ) by Fenech Soler. Really does a good job of representing how chaotic things are in my world, and how things are kind of falling apart, but the narrator doesn't want to believe that it is.
pic for proof?
This town in the middle of nowhere is clearly a metaphor for the planet Earth, which is also located in the middle of nowhere.
Do you think this bag will fit in my car?
What's it like to be considered a joke by the entire world, including Reddit?
The toilet. Seriously, the fuck do you guys got against him? He's just sitting there, minding his business when one of you assholes decides, oh, hey, I'm gonna shit on this toilet. fuck you too
GO PACK GO
Continually tell the person who gave me the money that I lost it, and he is contractually obliged to pay me back. Repeat until I have $1000.
Firefly....damn you Fox, damn you!
Care to have a seat over there, Sir? My lawyer will be right with you.
But that's 2100! Why do I have to worry about *them*?
Exactly! That's what I've been thinking for a while now. Even if we could theoretically reverse climate change, it wouldn't make a huge difference in the long run, as we'd find another way to mess this planet up. The key, then, is to adapt to the new world - whether that be changing where we grow our crops, or if we finally make a real push into space, is the actual question here.
The actual pilot, although I think with this show a lot of episodes could be switched around if you change a few scenes
Season 2 is the greatest... :(
Basically, yes?
Yeah the thing I'm kind of mad about is cause Snakes and Hanging were up so quickly. But the thing that really annoys me is [this tweet Dan made.](https://twitter.com/bastilledan/status/606877173878779904) Just, ugh, Dan, release the album if you want us to hear high quality versions!
They only have 5 songs? I was under the impression the album was already done, but maybe I'm wrong.
They should really just pay Vista owners to upgrade - after all, they made the poor fuckers buy Vista.
I should've died like the rest.
&gt;Even with rice he said it was 4/10.... man I gotta sleep my game up FTFY
Played Hotline Miami
Well, shit, I'm actually really impressed.
My only complaint with the first game is that, after playing the second so much, gameplay in the first feels a lot less frantic and doesn't control as well, at least for me.
Well I mean he's also have a thousand years worth of reddit archived on his phone
Yeah, I imagine the first accidental suicide being back in 1015 A.D. would really change how we approach gun control laws.
An interstellar spaceship that travels just below the speed of light with cryogenic chambers on board. There I am, 1015 era Rome. Spaceship sitting out on the field. People running out, curious. The pope is asking if he can come on board. Yeah, the pope. So we get on board, and we launch. Once we're out in space, we launch a curved trajectory that will take us a thousand and fifteen years to complete and land us in 2030. Me and the Pope hop out of our ship and start smokin' a joint cause by then it's legal everywhere
So is this why they called the cops when I walked into that school in my Vader costume?????
Yeah, gotta echo what others are saying - this crosses the line. I get that kids need to be educated, and I can see this as something that would be a good learning experience for high schoolers. But an 11 year old? No, they don't need this, and I'm appalled the school thinks they did. The thing that I don't get, though, is how the dad didn't know. My school always required permission slips for field trips and for watching inappropriate movies/material, and it seems odd one wasn't required for this.
I understand the students chose, but I still don't understand how there was no permission slip the parents had to sign - that seems like something they'd be required to have.
Everything does revolve around America....DO NOT LISTEN TO THESE INFIDELS
Remindme! 24 hours.
Florida man ~~strikes~~ twerks again!
Hyper Light Drifter. So excited by the premise of the game and what little gameplay I've seen.
Killing.
Castanets - You Are The Blood. From the ending of Hotline Miami 2. Such a good song
My 'deities', if you could call them that(they aren't worship or well known, but they transcend reality and have godlike powers, albeit not in the traditional sense) are literally Past, Present, and Future.
In my sci-fi universe, at least in the past(massive construction projects aren't really possible now, for a lot of reasons.), construction was done through money and time, usually by way of the immortal Centurion class. They privately funded most projects, which would take centuries and millions of laborers to complete.
yeah, the light just hasn't reached us yet
Its okay, nobody said anything nice anyway
:(
and alcohol
It's okay, leaving this world is not as scary as it sounds.
We have a pretty damn high crime rate.
I remember when I first heard that song, I was listening to it at night on repeat for an hour or so until it got stuck in my head. Then, at about 3 in the morning, I woke up with intense stomach pain and sat on the toilet for ten minutes with diarrhea. And that song was playing in my head the entire time. The most upbeat song I'd ever heard, playing while I felt like the most shit I'd ever felt like.
Owl Cities - Fireflies
I was expecting something else to come out of your son's penis and left this disappointed
Don't get in that white van with tinted windows, no matter how good the candy looks
Everything sung by Passion Pit. Seriously, I love the guy, his music is great, but I can't understand a single thing he says without referencing a lyric site.
I got no friends to speak of.
I would download Tinder just for the humor in it, and all the weird stories I've heard about it.
STDs usually are a deal breaker for me
Grip by Bastille
I'd fly into the sun.
Every redditor is interesting except for you
A girl talked to me...and then stopped
Rape
Godspeed about describes how long she talked to me.
How good I'd look with your dong in my mouth
Me
just me, sucking on it, vroom, vroom, oh yeah, you screaming, thrusting
100,000. Currently making 0
Challenge him to a suicide competition. First person to commit suicide loses.
Yeah I'll try that
Thanks :)
Aw.
Actually, we can take away their power. They need money, and if we take the money, they can't operate anymore.
fuck you too
That reward tho....you're getting cheated
How much?
When?
Just tell me where
Guess you guys weren't playing the Last of Us
Well with the internet they realized most of those strangers were really forty year old men looking to kidnap you.
&gt;"our most sacred institution, and have serious consequences for children who would grow up without a mother or father," Jensen said. So wait, this guy is willing to divorce his wife and leave his children without a proper family just to make a point? What an asshole.
Love this song! If you like this, I highly recommend checking out some of his other songs, like Magnetic and Stop And Stare. Those two are definitely my favorites, but I love Last Forever just as much!
Keep holding, buddy, keep holding
I don't see the appeal in a robot body. I'd much rather take the nanobot route.
Or you know, for rape.
I got detention for eating part of my friends brownie when he offered it to me in the bathroom. Turns out he stole the brownie. Funny thing is, the guy we stole it from, he had a box of them in the room, and he just kind of laughed about the whole thing.
Well apparently he now has the land
If so many games use this as has been stated in some of these comments, I can't help but think how much Sony fucked up when they didn't port the engine to the Vita when it first released - would have changed so much, I think.
Gotta love Curve
If you haven't already, go to Sanctuary and take on the side missions - there should be a ton there and it'll help you level up.
Somewhat, though not entirely.
Spend it all in one sitting on Candy Crush Saga
Madeon - Adventure Such a fantastic album, every single song on it is amazing. It's probably the only album I've ever listened to on straight repeat for days.
Immortality.
Which is perfect for me. I love low standards!
Sounds like a party to me
Radioactive by Imagine Dragons Cos when I cum, I'm so hot I'm radioactive
"Are you gay?" No, for the last time, I am not gay, and I'd appreciate you stop questioning my sexuality and mind your own business.
I'm finding it to be so much better not socializing with anybody outside of the bare minimum required to get by and not get questioned a lot.
(Copy/paste from above) I'm going to suggest Tycho - his latest album, [Awake](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qEI1_oGPQr0), is such a fantastic electronic album, but unlike a lot of other electronic album where it's solely produced by computer, Tycho features a lot of live instruments mixed in, and his live shows have a backing band. It's really cool, and at least to me, kind of bridges the gap between electronic music and other genres.
Spin it around to make it look like I'm innocent, ort if I know there's no way to do that, lessen the severity of it.
&gt;You'd need to have the confidence to talk to her Yep, there go all my chances.
Oh, well, see, as I read the rest of your comment, it just gets worse and worse after the whole 'confidence' bit.... It's gonna be a long eventually.
The book is worse so many feels
WHAT ARE YOU DOING IN MY HOUSE YOUNG MAN?? DON'T MAKE ME CALL THE POLICE I SWEAR I WILL
I can't wait till Elon Musk starts building a base on this guys property and he tries to sue him and Elon is just like, "Hahahaha suck my rocketship."
OP's mom
that is some fucked up shit
This needs to happen. Needs to.
I once saw a black cop. It was a movie.
Link?
My Droid Turbo disagrees with you. This thing can last me for a couple days with decent usage, and I can use it all day and still have 30% left at the end of the day.
Judging by your username, you must know a lot about that.
Gotta love the picture they used...fits the title perfectly
Penis
I hear George Washington gives sick head
I'm going to accrue as much debt as I possibly can so that when I die everyone else has to deal with it
I hear Ferguson is pretty racist.
Fax machines
Hey, I can hieroglyph that
Same :(
Lucky
Back at my school, we would empty pens out and tie a rubber band to the back and then shoot out the actual pens we got from taking it apart. It was a ton of fun. We even got our teacher a few times.
If you want a good site to download music directly from youtube, I'd suggest youtube-mp3.org. On a computer you can edit all the data, and upload it to whatever devices you need to - and if you're on an Android device like me, you can upload it from your computer to Google Play Music and it'll fill in most of the album info and art, and anything it doesn't you can fill in if you want. From there the only thing you have to remember is to download it onto your phone. Not the most convenient process, but it's nice when you don't have any money and can't pay for Spotify Premium.
I love PlayStation Plus - I don't have a PS4 so the PS Plus multiplayer thing doesn't affect me, but I love getting free games every month, especially since they tend to be cross buy games, so instead of getting the two Vita games, I'll get the two Vita games, a PS4 game, and maybe even a PS3 game.
On PS$ :(
It's a really nice game to relax and explore in, and the soundtrack has some wonderful artists from Ghostly.
Meta?
Probably not, unless you find an outside source for funding to go hand in hand with the Kickstarter. It's very rare for a Kickstarter to raise the sixty to seventy million dollars he said the project needed.
Pimping, maybe?
Obviously, it's the reincarnated Lord and Savior Darth Shatan. Obviously.
Tatooine also has expanses of desert, as we saw when C3PO and R2D2 first crashed.
It will have DLC that links to the movies.
Well, one "army" in one of my worlds, if you can even call it that, went on a murderous rampage, pillaged, looted, and eventually carried a nuke into the enemy's capital city. When they realized they were losing and their leader was being hanged, they detonated the nuke. Fun times, fun times.
No, the problem is that Bortderlands 2 is a massive fucking game. The studio that ported it could only do so much with it - the game is gigantic and not optimized for handhelds at all. Plus, it was a port of the PS3 port, which definitely doesn't help. RERev2, on the other hand, is a much smaller game. Smaller game, less problems.
Firefly :( It shouldn't have ended like that :( :(
[This one](https://photos.google.com/share/AF1QipPX0SCl7OzWilt9LnuQliattX4OUCj_8EP65_cTVnBmS1jnYgsGQAieQUc1VQWdgQ/photo/AF1QipNgXgS7fstM-FjrlvJ_KQ-rHEr7PB1DBUQKBtJT?key=aVBxWjhwSzg2RjJWLWRuVFBBZEN1d205bUdEMnhB) from the collection is by the far the creepiest one - it's so bright and colorful throughout the entire thing, until you get to the center with the red staircase like structure.
Helldivers!
Wires, powder, and a switch.
Disinterest. Apathy. It's a plague that infects us all in the end.
For some reason I imagined an old naked lady climbing up a poll and jumping onto the wires.
Mind explaining how? I'm new to KLWP.
A good real world example of that would be WW2, Cold War, and then the period of relative peace we're in now.
IT'S HAPPENING THE ROBOT REVOLUTION IS HAPPENING hide yo wife hide yo kids
I'm just waiting for a year from now when we can't tell they're bots and all their comments make perfect sense.
Love it! So glad to hear about a same day PSVita release date as PS4. Definitely gonna pick this up.
Wanna go for me? I got that "average scrawny looking type" problem and most girls I know don't seem to dig it too much
Tell that to them
PSNow is going to exist in the future - it's really the future of gaming, allowing developers to develop on any platform out there without taking the time to port it to inferior platforms. It saves a ton of money for the developer, and gains them immense profits. And it also changes the dynamic of the industry a ton - no more "console exclusives".
It was a black girl.
$500 in Borderlands 2? That shit ain't worth anything.
Mine I got as a commemoration when I went to Gettysburg. It was the 150th anniversary, and I figured since we already have an American flag, why not buy a little yard flag as a keepsake? It even says "Gettysburg 150th anniversary" on it.
I love it. Definitely gonna incorporate some of these ideas into my designs
What if you set up a string of small magnets? Would that be effective?
It already is near instantaneous.
And the alternative is to let Mars remain what, a desert with a few microorganisms here and there? An empty wasteland? That's so wasteful, when if could be so much more. Yes, invasive species on Earth are by no means a good thing, but this isn't exactly the same thing - Mars is dead, or pretty damn close to it. But we have, or will in the near future, the tools to bring it back to life. That's a beautiful thing.
He doesn't have a penis so he can't masturbate
Yours is the exception. The majority of Walmarts are filled with shitty people.
Yeah, tell me your credit card info and I can get it from there. ;)
This is my 'Madeon' inspired wallpaper, with a focus on his song 'Home'. [Link here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cxq3GIxlv20) for those interested. Anyway, I made this using [KLWP](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.kustom.wallpaper). The battery indicator(circle) is the default one modified to fit with the theme, as I couldn't figure out how to make one, but everything else(text, animations) was by me. Wallpaper: http://imgur.com/gallery/xWfR5/new Font: http://www.dafont.com/adventure-alphabet.font I used the Nova Launcher. No icon pack. Some of it was based off [this](http://i.imgur.com/R2KSfc6.png) but I wanted to add more functionality.
[I HAVE A WIFE!!!](http://snoopsnoo.com/u/02Alien)
Yours is the year they promise to update it. Eventually.
He only thinks there are 100 games coming. He doesn't actually know. Read the actual quote.
Minus 19 indies. One of those indies is Hyper Light Drifter. And I don't think anyone in their right mind could not count that game, even if it's indie and multiplatform.
It's already on PS Now, so I don't think that's likely.
Is this true? Is it finally happening? AM I FINALLY GETTING LOLLIPOP??? Probably not.
After the whole 10th fiasco, I've kind of given up hope. I figure, my phone will have Lollipop in a year or two when the contract's been paid off. Will it be a Turbo? Probably not. But it'll be Lollipop.
The reason that swastikas are banned in videogames in Germany is because swastikas can only be shown in a historical or artistic context. Games, unlike in the U.S. and other countries, are not recognized as a form of art.
I prefer to call it "Half truths". Although honestly, I do lie on occasion for some questions I'm not comfortable answering. But for the majority, I am honest because I know they do checks.
Are you ever going to be offering these again or is it a one time? I'd absolutely love one but don't have the money right now.
What'd that tall building in the background? The one that glows blue?
I can see self driving cars and maybe VR happening by 2020, though not to the extent you describe.
So I should cook her first???
Do you mean the song that;s currently playing?
Its choppy at times and freezes on occasion, but its completely playable, and still a ton of fun.
Awesome, thanks!
Well when you target zero, selling one is "more" than you targeted.
The final scene of Firefly.
I hear they're making that movie mostly because she's a woman.
Jokes on you! They all think I'm gay! Ha!
Huh, cause I know people who have gotten discounts for going out of state, although I guess it must depend on the college?
But can they melt dank memes?
Hey, wanna fuck? Sure.
I'd suggest using Kustom and having a black wallpaper with white text that launches the apps you want. Its pretty easy, just download Kustom if you haven't already and create a blank prefer, set background color to the darkest black, then add a new text item. Select the text and change the text to whatever you want it to say, change the size and position, then go to the touch option in the text and change Single Touch to Launch App and choose the app you want it to launch. Repeat this for each new app.
Username checks out
but if it's treated wood fuck you, you eat it
That's probably good enough to take on most North Koreans, actually
Wanna go steady? Just kidding, I can't talk to girls.
They probably don't even have ammo in their guns.
Reading this comment made me realize that I have it really lucky with my Turbo. :(
Motorola. Ha. Ha. Been waiting months for 5.1. Still on KitKat.
That you exist.
Sad Machine - Porter Robinson And Pay No Mind - Madeon ft. Passion Pit
You should seriously see about getting him professional help. This is in no way a healthy way for him to live.
Fellow Feeling by Porter Robinson. This song sends chills down my spine.
