Well, I've not followed what other companies are offering, but in the past I found Feral more or less best value. Could you give some competitors that you think are better value? Note that Feral have not enforced bandwidth limits for ages., except for http and transmission traffic.
Yeah- read what Lemon says to you because he is the boss of Feral. For more than a year, I think, my bandwidth figure reads as a few GB per month as my actual traffic is for the types of traffic Feral does not count. It kinda makes sense; I think by now Feral has a lot of long term customers like me, who are in any case using much much less than the theoretical bandwidth limits.
It's a terrible road. Also prone to awful jams when it's nice weather at weekends and people are trying to go to Scarborough etc.
1) compromise for historical reasons. 2) benefits employees in retail. But I agree, for corporates and for consumers, I cannot see the benefit.
It is likely she would change, but bear in mind all cats are princesses and princes, and you are kinda forced into lifelong slavery when you take one on. But you had them already- you surely know that. PS Plus on top of that, they are plotting to kill you. Seriously- yes she would change, but it might take a couple of years. Or it might be overnight if you're lucky. One thing I do know- it's impossible to predict whether a cat will want to sit on your lap.
An adapter is fine, but make sure you get one that is stable- you could always just run it off an extension lead. I don't know about NZ, but here in the UK Feliways have just come out with a more stable design; of course that means we had to buy a new one as the refills only fit the new diffusers....
Do you live in Newcastle?
This post is brilliant, but will make no sense to anyone who's not been following a recent mad person who keeps posting this. https://www.reddit.com/r/malefashionadvice/comments/3z4w8q/uk_ppl_am_i_ugly_like_this_going_outdoors/
It's safe, but the tl;dr is most people suggest using an old version, 2.2.1 which you can get from filehippo or oldapps.
Franks but not French?
There's quite a lot of cutesy over here e.g. Boux Avenue sleepwear. Primark is low-end; my gf says it's better for men than women. Maybe that's why my Primark stuff has worn very well.
Yeah- I read on your post history... You are from in or near Halifax - well, no wonder you feel what you do when you go back- that end of W Yorks is just amazingly beautiful. But more than that, that end looks more to Manc than to Leeds (Bradford is in the way) and you even support Man U. If you are planning a family, it's a no-brainer that it's better for children to grow up outside London. We're in the other end of W Yorks, in Castleford. But because of the attractions of your end, we will more often go out there than locally (e.g. Shibden Mill, the Gray Ox, the Fleece at Barkisland, the Ram's Head at Denshaw/ Saddleworth) and probably the pub we've been to most often (not that this is so often) is the Turnpike between Ripponden and the M62 J22 - which is a perfect stop coming back from Manc and all points West and North. By London standards, 35 miles along the motorway in 35 minutes is the equivalent of 6 miles in traffic or on the tube....
It's the identity of the EOD man, for me.
If not more. I've had an external on 24/7 for 6 years now. However, now I've posted this it will no doubt fail tomorrow.
Mind you- your first sentence says it. There are lots of good providers. It should be a market where if you are unhappy, you were unlucky- most customers of most providers are very satisfied. I have found whatbox, bytesized and feral the three most recommended, and all have a staff presence in this sub for extra support. If you are unable to admin a dedicated yourself, don't get one to start off with. Go managed with one of the many good providers.
Feral hosting (I've been with them 5 years s a customer); the other two most recommended are whatbox and bytesized. Those three are very reliable; if you go elsewhere make sure to get better value than they offer. You can download all the what freeleech torrents and seed them.
Everyone gets burnt once or twice.
I've got good stuff from Arnold and Arnold. http://www.arnoldleathergoods.co.uk/
Posh restaurants with rooms- very romantic- Yorke Arms at Ramsgill or Black Swan at Oldstead.
Have you watched NCIS Los Angeles and NCIS New Orleans?
It so much depends on the winter we get. It IS going to get colder though. If you haven't been to Snowdonia though, it is lovely for all sorts of reasons. If you can bear other people, I recommend joining a walking/ climbing club because everyone shares car rides and there's no disadvantage, therefore, to have no car. As you say, any larger area is far more accessible with a car. Snowdonia is compact, for example, compared to the Lakes, but it has several micro-climates- with a car you can decide when you get up in the morning where you are going.
OK, well funnily enough I had some spare minutes today when i was out with the car and really had to use up the time (I was waiting to pick someone up from an appointment) and so I actually went in the Asda where I get inhalers and bought a spare. So this one was issued today and expires end of Oct 2017- that is 21 and a half months. My previous one from them (because of this thread I asked them to check!) was on 10 march 2015 and expires Dec 2016 (like yours!). I also googled for you and the shelf life seems to be 24 months. http://www.medsafe.govt.nz/profs/datasheet/v/VentolinCFC-freeinh.pdf So one presumes they buy in a batch and sell it gradually- that means your current two were likely obtained some time between December 2014 and spring 2015.
Oh I know! Richer Sounds has a really good set of customer policies. For example, they do an extended guarantee service that if you do not use, you can get a refund of your premium at the end of the 5 year (or whatever) period. It's worth asking them.
Like a lot of people are (or used to be) I was brought up a nominal Anglican - the line always was that British people say 'I'm not very religious' when asked questions about faith. Now, as Brit, though, the Anglican church means the Church of England to me- unless there is a world congress or synod or something, I never ever think about Anglican congregations abroad. I actually love the cultural side of the Anglican church, but I think it is in a really difficult position a) it tries to be inclusive (we say high church and low church) and so deals with pro- and anti- women clergy people and gay clergy people b) its buildings are impractical and expensive here, because largely old and listed c) its forms of service and stuff, as well as the bricks and mortar mean it's much harder for it to adapt than for non-conformist churches. I warmed to Rowan Williams over time, especially when he wrote the Narnia book, I'm not sure about Welby. I think women clergy are an obvious good thing, but I don't have any view on how the C of E and Welby relate to other Anglican churches abroad. In the UK, the obvious divides (apart from Christian and other religions and no religion) are between Catholic, Anglican and Non-conformist.
Yes, of course they are great fun. I'm a really old member now of most of my trackers, so in many ways the BP are not so important to me. The BTN multiplier is really excellent for promotion- at the start you think the BP required are improbably high, then you realise it really rewards long-term seeding. The PtP system allows you to earn enough BP to keep yourself with enough credit always to download. However, more recently, when I've been experimenting with daily freeleech torrents, I've seen that actual upload earned is much higher. I totally agree these are much more satisfying systems to experience than ones with a small number of points per day or whatever.
Gosh! The wheel of fortune has turned in your favour big time!
Yeah, do it when you move in. The supply will stay on anyway. Without the meter readings your contract cannot start. And before you are in it's not you using the power. Basically- the people moving out will give a reading as they leave- you give one as you arrive- the energy company sees they are the same and go from there.
I think we looked at about 50 places before we bought one. Assuming your mortgage adviser has said there is likely to be no issue, I'd start now. BUT.... It's gonna depend a LOT on how fast the market moves in the area you want to buy in. We saw a couple of episodes of Location Location Location recently and thought they were really true to our experience. 1) in London, a couple of buyers / sets of buyers were looking around the £300-450k mark. The flats were terrible and even after having their offers accepted, both sets of buyers got gazzumped. It was a lot of effort for nothing. 2) in Yorkshire, a couple of buyers had a budget of £200-250k. They couldn't get exactly what they wanted, but they had plenty of time to manoeuvre and in each case got a lot of property for their money. One set of buyers went for location above everything, the other went for the house looking and being right at the cost of location (it was more countryfied than she wanted) but it was not a property we saw- it happened after the programme was filmed. So it's more helpful to look now if you are buying in a slow-moving area. Dunno how people manage in chains in fast-moving areas, one might have to get an offer on one's own first...
Bad breath.
Flaki FTW!
Similarity with the NCIS "original" episode is disappointing if you watch both together.
Linux? Well, I did it on rtorrent with the sed command; full instructions on bib's forum thread, it's method 3. (Obviously when the website returns!!)
Hmmm. You mean Butlins gave the reviewer a free holiday? They still say Center Parcs is better though....
I run mine using a thin client- https://www.feralhosting.com/faq/view?question=76 though if you are not on Feral you may need to do the manual install not the script to get the info. Basically I get a deluge install that looks and feels like a desktop client. Your seedbox provider may or may not support this!
I only know second-hand (friend was a reservist) but yeah, joined means joined the Reserves and then means joined your unit. I don't think you are ever locked in. My friend just decided after serving for a while they didn't want potentially to have to kill people. Unless you are actually mobilised, which may not be war, it may mean helping fight Ebola or clear up after a natural disaster.
Actually, for it to be an offence, doesn't one have to bully some's real ID, not an alias/ username?
David Blackburn (link below). Done 2 jobs for us (originally recommended by several neighbours) and one for mum-in-law. Best tradesman (of many) we've ever had in the house, (or on it!). BUT he's Ponty way.... https://www.yell.com/biz/ideal-roofing-and-fascias-pontefract-7620224/
I agree with your first 3 answers. Here we basically have furnished and unfurnished. Very roughly, unfurnished means you need a van to move in and furnished means you don't. So for furnished you expect bed, yes, closet, sofa, cooker, fridge, usually washing machine, table you can eat off, and some chairs. Yes, usually there are curtains or blinds or at least something to cover the window. As the others say, when it's furnished, there is an inventory. I have been in places where there was stuff like cutlery and crockery, even pictures, but basically it was possessions of the landlord that he did not want to store elsewhere, so rubbish, basically.
Are you a tourist, or working, or living? The centre is nice, Clifton is nice. Try https://www.reddit.com/r/bristol/ and https://www.reddit.com/r/bristol/comments/1se191/comprehensive_list_of_things_everyone_should_do/
Yeah, tbh he confused me by telling me in a post once he did NOT like cakes. I have to say I felt betrayed and , yes, bullied.
Ring up schools / LEAs advertising vacancies that interest you?
When you say "literally"..... It doesn't bear thinking about.
with a chute.
Oh no! Have you met me IRL? Know any good careers in the Army? Or the French Foreign Legion? Oh sorry, it's racist mentioning the French.
Anyone driven incredibly fast on an autobahn in Germany?
UCL is a great university. Do you want to be in Central London? That could be a very good or bad thing about it!
So what you do is disable the VPN and the torrent client, then access all the non-VPN trackers/ sites together and then log out and (re-)enable your VPN / restart your torrents for actual torrenting, is that right?
Phone trading standards of your local council and also maybe Environmental Health and ask the latter if they have heard of him. At least you have telephone numbers- even if they are fake, there may be a record of them being associated with a scammer.
1) Do you have it in writing about service history? E.g. was the car advertised as such? 2) are you planning to keep the car a while? a) if not, it's bad because you won't be able to prove it's been properly serviced. b) if yes, you are keeping the car for a while, it may not matter, and it may be good the other way. In the sense that the mechanic was servicing his own car and would have given it plenty of TLC. Estimate how old the car will be when you sell it in the future. Look up roughly how much it will fetch at that point. Depending on how much that is, presence or lack of a service history may matter. If it ends up being an old trade-in, it's not going to matter. If say, the current cost is £10k and you want to have £4k-6k when you trade it in, I'd be more concerned. 3) When you say dealer, do you mean a main Peugeot dealer or just any car sales place? All main dealer used cars will have been inspected and approved, in theory.
To be serious, OP, I have to agree with my friend here that Somerset is a lovely county to live in. This is speaking as a resident of West Yorkshire (but not born in Yorkshire; however I am now fiercely loyal/ patriotic about the place, unlike Mr/Ms T above). I do not know Taunton at all, but it is surrounded by lovely countryside such as Exmoor and the Mendips; both the North Devon and Jurassic coasts are really close and West Country people are very friendly. The weather and the quality of food/ drink ingredients are good. (I do note some areas of Somerset had much too much rain last winter). Bath, Bristol and Exeter are all also not far away. Most English people would regard Somerset as a really nice part of the country.
OK- this makes sense. Sita is a company that does a lot of rubbish collection, waste management and resource management for councils. Sita Trust is their charities bit, I think. Hence managing a community resource. It kinda suggests they are managing this area for the council. I don't know whether it's by-laws or just arbitrary on Sita's part. Whether dog mess is an actual problem or or whether some busybody has complained. Either way, I think you probably need to ask the council, unless you are intending just to ignore it.
I think you should rescue her when she seems upset. Funnily enough I saw this kind of situation where there was a litter and an older kitten. The older kitten was incredibly boisterous, even violent, But the kittens' mum and auntie seemed to think it was OK. However, I'd be careful in this situation when it's one on one. In a couple of months, things will be more even and he will seem more like a big brother. We have an 18 month old and an 8 month old. At first she was a bit scared of him, but from when the younger (girl) was about 6 months, she and the older one became really good friends. She never leaves him alone now.
Glad they bothered to reply straight away and that you might get a bit of clarity.
I can certainly imagine somewhere like a bank will have strict standards in that area.
Is there any indication when a WY Metro oyster-style card would come in? I must say that it is a thousand times more convenient using such a card than PAYG fares.
AFAIK every tracker has naming conventions in its uploading rules. They usually say to keep scene names. In this case you'd recheck the files against a scene torrent. If it checks out you could reproduce the scene name. Generally, where you don't know the file provenance, then you can name it anything logical. I know you like ScienceHD and I remember having issues with their naming scheme being individual to them.
OP, are you making a joke here?
Well, for sure you'll never be seen cut up. Morticians are expert are making people look better after they have died. And in many cases e.g. road accidents, this can be very challenging. Moreover, in general when one views a deceased person, it is the face that matters- the rest of the person is dressed, and it used to be a tradition to dress the person in their best clothes. Personally, I think opt out, not opt in, is a good thing. If there were a social expectation to donate, then it would just be accepted and there would be no weirdness or superstition (e.g. carry a card, get run over the next day) about it.
Having medication to hand is key. The rest depends on mobility. If you have a car you can quickly drive to a shop or access the Internet. With mobile Internet you can access most details like insurance instantly. When we looked for property, I did check flood risk carefully, but sure, no-one can be sure of escaping a gas blast, a tornado, an unexploded WW2 bomb, a sinkhole.....
If people call me a European (as opposed to an English or British person) I bristle a bit, even though I am very pro-Europe.
tvtz Only had about 1000 members, rules were to keep at least 4 torrents seeded for ever, at least 16/7. It was because of them that I started leaving my computer on 24/7 to torrent.
Yes. And even with a spousal visa and with indefinite leave to remain you can work.
Most councils have a procedure. You can ring up and complain, though I don't know how efficiently they will come out in response. I have found binmen are generally under orders to be really strict about what gets taken and what not. E.g. leave an empty plastic bag in the garden waste by accident and they do not empty the bin. Bagged waste means they opened it and saw or claim they saw, waste in a bag. As your first answer says, could someone have fly-tipped into your bin?
Quick google says: http://www.cupcakesyumyum.com/deliveries.html locally based. https://www.bettys.co.uk/customer-service/delivery came up on Page 1 of search also- a Yorkshire institution.
Try /r/vpn or /r/vpntorrents General advice is that free VPNs should not be trusted, though, as they will rat you out.
Do you mean you offered beer to people you didn't know? In the UK, that would be regarded as very strange unless you were in an already-established "party" situation, or maybe you'd already got into friendly conversation with people. EDIT: is it possible the people you offered beer to were already drunk?
Can't think of any Italian comedians working on British TV. John Peter Sloan is, AFAIK, unknown in Britain. First famous Italian working in Britain that comes to mind is of course Claudio Ranieri. There are plenty of Italians well known because their work extends to making TV programmes about their work. E.g. TV chefs like Antonio Carluccio. Musicians like Antonio Pappano (music director of our main opera house). Loads of people in football. EDIT: as /u/danltn says, there are a load of British-Italians here i.e. people who sound British or are actually British of Italian descent. Of danltn's list, Frankie Dettori really sounds Italian, most of the others don't and I didn't even realise Ken Stott and Tamzin Outhwaite were of Italian descent.
Wow! That's got you surprisingly worked up.
Gave them 5/5 for the location though!!
Fantastic example! I just thought of all those Jewish film people in Hollywood e.g. Allan Stewart Konigsberg = Woody Allen Neta-Lee Hershlag = Natalie Portman Winona Laura Horowitz = Winona Ryder.
Yeah, it is themselves the banks are protecting- so the government does not uncover criminals and later on it looks like the banks have been negligent. Also- it is not about YOU as the non-rich person having your own money. it is about other people, the bad guys, using you to launder THEIR money. Having to prove address makes it harder for someone to roll up and use an "innocent front guy" to launder the money. Because the "innocent" guy is easier to pin and down and question if they have a stable address.
AFAIK in the US there is a culture of litigation, therefore people always consider that option in life-situations. So what I am saying is Americans begin from a different mindset. Here, although there is some no-win, no-fee stuff going on, by and large people don't tend to think of the legal implications of doctor-patient, more of the moral and personal ones. I know some cases where the greater difference in culture between the doctor and patient made it harder for the two to communicate and the patient got a less good outcome. But those were also cases whee the patient would not have dreamed of litigating, because they likewise perceived lawyers to be very different people from themselves. Therefore the cases that go to court tend to be the result of very serious mistakes or disagreements.
I agree with your comment about the "litigation" thing. However, I think almost everyone posting about suing people has no idea what it actually involves.
I'm afraid that isn't very fast by modern standards.
Yes, the City Of London itself is certainly unique- very few residents, empty at weekends, big tall buildings, so much money in the companies.
Wow! You are one conscientious mod!!
Your first answer is right, but bear in mind one point. Tax does not now transfer from one keeper to the next. To avoid paying twice for the month you are transferring ownership, declare SORN (see DVLA pages) for a day or two at the end of the month and have your sister tax it from the 1st of the next. Two useful links: http://www.moneysupermarket.com/car-insurance/blog/remember-you-cant-transfer-road-tax-when-you-buy-or-sell-your-car/ https://www.moneyadviceservice.org.uk/blog/car-tax-timing-it-right-reminders-and-biscuits-your-reaction-to-the-end-of-the-paper-tax-disc
We use only half to two thirds overall, because we don't often put the heating up above 15 C.
Yeah, it's everywhere. Sometimes it's just called cider vinegar, but cider is made from apples, so....
Ask a climbing club.
Yes. I have TERRIBLE handwriting and it would be confusing if I did not!
Yup, just looked up and average age for first marriage is 32. Wikipedia says 33 for men, 30 for women.
My experience is that people in traffic situations, whether driver or pedestrian, thank one another or acknowledge 'I understand you have been inconvenienced' rather than 'Thanks for doing something you did not have to.' Also, with respect to zebra crossings, because the rule is the driver is only obliged to stop if the pedestrian is ALREADY on the crossing, then stopping when the pedestrian is still waiting on the pavement (sidewalk) IS a nice thing to do. I'm sure the thanking gesture has been here since forever, and maybe exists in many countries...
I've seen lots of filters; library ones are often the most aggressive, but they can legit say library computers are just there for research and stuff.
Yeah, as a champagne socialist paper it's good at doing that.
The incredible lack of helpful responses suggests to me the reddit demographic consists of spillers not wiper-uppers.
What are you paying for what size of property? What kind of heating is it?
Paid VPN or private trackers. Have a search here- this question is asked every few hours.
Doesn't need dampening, just needs a bit of modification!! It's just about how you define 'British.' Just 'cos it was older doesn't mean it was boring. Vikings basically started attacking 'us' (I am British) from just before 800AD. We would say that 'us' at this time were the Anglo-Saxons, who had already driven the Celtic British (now Welsh, Cornish) west and south. They started by raiding, but then they kinda stayed. Through the century they established a kingdom that is roughly what is N and E of a line between Liverpool and London. So a lot of modern-day 'British' have Viking blood, especially in the old Viking kingdom (that came to be known as the Danelaw). So Vikings did a mixture of two things- settle + farm, and raid+ attack. Sometimes they got national "protection money" for not doing the attack + raid bit- this ransom was called Danegeld. Under Alfred the Great, the Anglo-Saxons got their act together, beat the Vikings, got kinda symbolic overlordship over them and the two parts of England kinda lived in peace for a bit. There was a very famous ruler of the Viking bit called Eric the Bloodaxe. Gradually the Anglo-Saxon bit got stronger and between about 950 and about 1010 it was all ruled by the Anglo-Saxons. Then, because the Anglo-Saxon bit got weaker, partly because of a king called Ethelred the Unready (=means badly advised, not that he had his pants down), so for most of the period 1013-1042 the Danes ruled all of England, and their most famous king was Canute. Then the Anglo-Saxons got back, and in 1066, for complex (but interesting) reasons, the Vikings tried invading from the North and completely independently, the Normans (who were originally Vikings that had settled in N France - Norman = North-man) invaded from the south. King Harold beat the Vikings in the North, marched his men back down but lost to the Normans at Hastings in 1066 and that's where, traditionally, English history starts. There are a lot of great stories- maybe myth, maybe true or some mixture about this whole Saxon v Viking period. Alfred and the Cakes Carving the white horse (in the hillside). Canute and the Waves Edward the Confessor and killing Earl Godwin with the piece of bread. Harold and the arrow in his eye (Bayeux Tapestry) Personally I think the period AD450-1066 (between when the Romans left and when the Normans arrived) is fascinating and more 'story-worthy' than what happens after 1066. Cos let's also not forget King Arthur. Many think he was a real guy who tried to fight with the Roman-influenced Celtic British against the invading Saxons. Actually, then go back to Roman times and there is a weird thing where a whole Roman legion, the 9th, disappears from the historical records completely. Some people think that happened in Britain because a mysterious eagle standard was found in Britain- if you look up 'Eagle of the Ninth' you will see a famous novel (now several times adapted) about it.
I'm happy going with someone who is not the two they trialled in the season finale.
We're lucky he got so much help just for being drunk.
Well - ELI5 is: FPTP- one who gets most votes wins. Each race is separate, like a horse or athletics race. Proportional Representation- it's like a cake. More votes= bigger slice of the cake. BUT, your vote is not just for one person, it's for a pool of people / a party- a lot of "races" are lumped together in the cake and so there are lots of winners. There are LOTS of different systems of PR, from where you have 2nd, 3rd preferences and so on if your top choice is 'knocked out' to a straight system where you vote for no individual, just a party. People hate on FPTP because you can get loads of votes for a party nationally but very few MPs, and vice versa, just with a relatively small % of the vote you can get lots of MPs. If you live in a safe seat, it's like your vote is 'wasted.' People hate on PR because the connection between your vote and the PERSON you vote for to represent you is weaker. And because it HAS to be more complicated than FPTP. As we've seen specifically when people have been giving tribute to Jo Cox MP, but also when MPs are discussed in general, MPs are important local representatives and people who help their constituents with individual problems, not just members of a party nationally. When there was a referendum (!) recently about whether to change FPTP to PR, FPTP won. Few actually were bothered to vote though.
Yes indeed, you are quite right to correct me, and one might argue that had the referendum been for a truly proportional system, it might have gone better for the anti-FPTP side.
Indeed, like /u/Caruckster I've never ever come across this as a racially directed insult. However, it may well be a non-racial insult.
DLR is a train!!
Depends how old they are. Like /u/hoffi_coffi I don't know what a strata corporation is. But no, most older terraced houses are completely independent. A new build terrace house or an ex-council one on a housing estate may still be administered by a company in terms of the common parts (roadways etc.).
I get a lot from rutracker (I don't know russian, but google translate does the job) and each album is tagged either 'tracks' or 'image.' Also there are some categories purely for high quality rips, some of which come from vinyl.
Unlike Man of the People Boris of course.
Yeah, do the maths, (or math, as it is in American English!). Rough rule of thumb is that you have to pay admission fee 3 or 4 times to make a subscription cheaper. A lot of English Heritage stuff is RUINS. So it is very questionable that it's worth paying to go up to it rather than just look from the other side of the fence. As for the 'stately home' element, it really depends on how much you like that. My dad used to say 'Once you've seen Versailles, you've seen them all.' It may be that, if you like countryside, you just visit one big one (like Windsor or Warwick, both of which are separate businesses) and save the time for the open air. In any case, with these things you can normally decide on the day. You pay the admission first, then, at the end, if you wish to sign up, they refund you / subtract the cost of your entry that day.
Hence "online" is polling higher for leave than "phone" - because you have to tell those reasons to a person?
Foreign exchange sales have been high. People have feared a Brexit vote will cause sterling to fall. So they've hedged and bought holiday money in advance. A Remain vote might well cause sterling to rise. So in that case waiting would be better. A lot of people saved X amount as spending money though. So losing some % through sterling falling would be more significant than gaining some % through sterling rising. For them, it's clearly better to buy now.
Irish eyes are winking now.
I can't think of any, but free movement of people does not please everybody. The EU also levies some taxes, some of which return as rebate and for development and cultural projects. I guess that's law.
Yeah, as people we all get along fine. There is a maybe little bit of serious hatred of the English in some pockets of the country. But sporting rivalries are deep. And all the other nations' supporters hate England, since England is bigger and 'the one to beat.' Because all the non-English are ancestrally mostly or partly Celtic, there may be a certain ganging up against the English also. But of course, take Euro 2016. England supporters are also delighted the other 2 home nations and the Republic [of Ireland] also made it through. I hate the Welsh, but I hate other foreign teams more. But of course we see players from all over the world playing in English football. So many in other teams are familiar too.
tl;dr makes no real difference. You can block anyone, but as soon as you've seeded out a piece, you can't block all the other people seeding that piece. So- Even if you could, would it not just be the case that the current first snatcher will snatch it from the new first snatcher(s)? The disproportion between seedboxes and domestic connections is big. If you upload, you will only be guaranteed that first snatch in ratio. On private tracker torrents with a slow initial uploader, you see a load of seedboxes inching towards 100%. It will still be they that share with one another and then grab most of the upload afterwards.
I'm guessing. It's been a while since the last one. Tracker is still up for me.
1) liberal 2) yes 3) no 4) yes 5) yes.
What % of your line speed do you get? You can absolutely depend on getting 1:1 ratio of course since you are the uploader. Then, against seedboxes, you will get almost nothing in the first rush. BUT, networks are funny things, sometimes if I am seeding a torrent from home and seedbox, the home one will up and not the seedbox. Whether or not, by slowing your upload of the initial torrent, you can up more during that initial phase, I don't know....I would not have thought it will make much difference, as the non-seedbox leechers will be uploading to the seedboxes. It's always said though- seedboxes move on to other torrents - so long-term seeding is the answer.
OK, looked now. People who do this deserve to have the same done to them, really.
Yeah, there's an Admissions office and they are st up to deal with this kinda thing.
There was both a pen AND a pencil in my booth. I don't think voter fraud is an issue. It would take far far too long to rub out those marks, and it would be hard to do so in public. Would be easy in North Korea, though.
I doubt it would have any effect at all, to be honest. Visa is all.
yes. Private exit polls have been commissioned e.g. by banks.
But what can we sell them? Apart from luxury brands,that are quite niche, we don't have much they want, whereas they have more or less everything we want.
Put incredibly crudely, yes, in the aftermath of WW2, societies and the children they had tried to provide a compensatory, good experience to the horrors of war that the parents' generation had experienced. I think Americans like to remind Europe of their financial contribution to this. I believe that globalisation, in terms of cheap but good manufacturing in the Far East and the consequent development of those economies and societies, are what have made these visions and aspirations so difficult for Western societies. It may well be that the more laissez-faire attitude of the British state has made the resulting society of today here less 'neat.' I mean, traditional Labour was actually a very conservative party, tied to traditional working class interests. Thatcher's government privatised and deregulated as a way of fending off the onset of globalisation; that made things less equal and less communitarian. New Labour then believed, I think, they could only take power by extrapolating those same values to a wider section of society. While they did have a heavy public and social policy agenda, they also had very strong free market values. So however there has been direction in public policy (e.g. we are good on our record of treating minorities well), there has not been any real thought given to resulting social inequalities. for example, i believe that in Scandinavia, the range of income/ wealth among people is narrower - so more people are living at roughly the same level, materially. I did benefit not only from free tuition but also student grants; however, the 'price' of this for the UK at the time was that very few could go to university. I already felt by the time of graduating that stable jobs were hard to come by. I didn't actually benefit from low house prices, and did move out of London partly for the much lower property prices.
Resolving this is going to be an interesting and bumpy ride.
Unsurprising the Lib Dems think the number of votes you get doesn't matter.
30
Sadly, banks make money from corporate customers, not from private individuals. If HSBC could shed ALL its high street customers, it would be happy. IMHO the world is a very bad place.
Are you male or female? Flu jabs only defeat ordinary flu, not the really horrible kind called "man flu."
I mean single vineyard or even single field stuff- e.g. Ridgeview or Nyetimber sparkling, which stacks up well against champagne, or Gusborne still white. I am childishly excited that one can go and visit vineyards /producers here as one does in France. Likewise, one can buy produce, (meat, fruit and veg) from defined farms and so on. But none of this is mass market or cheap.
Every? Which ones are you reckoning? It's an interesting point, actually. Historically, we have seen Parliament as expressing the Commonwealth- the will and the weal of everybody. So the big Civil War was indeed Parliament v the King. We haven't had the French thing of the people v the state divided quite the same way.
Actually, that's a good question. Who is more repulsive, Campbell or Boris?
Apart from everything else, though, she is not an MP in Westminster. She has her own job as Scotland's First Badass. It has crossed my mind though. She is the only person in the whole of this who seems a) to have thought it out beforehand and b) to know what she wants.
£14 a month is £2500 over 15 years. That's probably (minus excesses that can't be claimed) roughly what we've spent in vet bills. Also, once the pet reaches the age when illness is more common, the insurance starts not paying 100% of the claim. Pretty sure those vet deals are good though. We currently have 4 pets; only one has insurance. I think it's sod's law. Get the insurance, pet will be really healthy; don't and he/she won't.....
Nobody has any idea what will happen yet. Nothing like this has happened before. It seems likely Leave campaigned without thinking they would win. 'Pocket voting' would go down badly with the British people. or maybe not if it becomes really widely seen to be a mistake. Yes, nobody had any idea pre-vote, but now it seems no-one has any idea yet 3 days later......
Gosh! You mean she wants people in Scotland to ruminate on this and think: 'Wicked Westminster! Stopping us doing what we want to do! What a shame we are powerless! Hmmm. How might we NOT be powerless? Perhaps by being independent! Wow! Let's try and do that, then.'
Got a link? Cos what I heard is that Boris said we'd still have free trade with Germany and the German equivalent of the CBI said he was wrong.
Yeah, the other person and I are saying Sturgeon is totally playing the media here, so completely neutral reporting of what people say ends making the Scot Nats look better and better.
Hang on. Really? You know that 'plebiscite' is another word for a referendum-like vote? Did that person call them plebs- short for plebians- or was he really referring to plebiscites, in which case it is not derogatory at all, but just because they didn't want to keep using the word referendum? Reminds me of the paediatrician who got a lot of graffiti and abuse because they thought it meant paedophile.
It's monocultural/ racist distrust of both E Europeans and Muslims. Migrants from the Middle East arrive in the EU, and get leave to remain, then come to the UK. I would not like to say how rational, irrational or confused things have been for "ordinary" voters beyond that. There are obviously anecdotes that people thought Brexit meant even indigenous British Muslims could be deported back to Muslimistan.
People have no idea what they voted for.
Where are you in the country? That matters. What sort of property is it? older or new-build? What sort of area is it in terms of who will want to buy it on from you? As to whether you can negotiate any reduction, it all depends on the seller's situation. But there's the risk that you antagonise the seller and the estate agent, so it also depends who else is likely to come in for the property. No-one would have the foggiest how house prices are going to go over the next couple of years. They will certainly slow down, but that might also not matter for you- if you are going on elsewhere the price of what you then want will have adjusted similarly, unless you are moving to a very different part of the county.
Things tend to go up and down every day, because if things go down, people who trade actively come in for a bargain, and if things go up, they profit-take. However, I am grateful for any day of up.
Discussions like this between the two of you is why I love this subreddit and it's certainly my favourite corner of reddit. Good that after all the political distractions of the last few days, the key questions can be talked about again.
I'm with you in observing the extreme fussiness of cats. But apparently they say that in the wild, it is likely one type of prey is most abundant, so the kittens get used to that, know it is safe, and so have very specialised taste buds.
And actually, although I can't speak for the Dutch, the French are an arrogant lot also who hate us as much as we hate them, and so they are all a BIT like Marine Le Pen.
OK. Here goes. 1) In the short term, everyone KNEW there would be disruption, so the current downturn and the bad forecasts are just the price we pay for uncoupling. 2) The European project of greater convergence is not one that a majority of the UK population have really EVER believed in, since it was thought up and executed by foreigners, and above all for their benefit, to bring peace and prosperity to what was in the 20th century (and before!) a terribly troubled continent. Simply by being an island, we escaped some of the bad consequences of that and certainly the worst one- genocide. 3) We remain the best possible bridge between the big economies of the rest of the world and Europe. Our language and cultural traditions help; we are linked with all parts of the world already and can build on that. Take the analogy of the Pound and the Euro. We have benefited by not being linked to the currency troubles of the Eurozone. We are therefore potentially in a position to have a non-aligned, outward-facing identity as an entrepot and financial centre, while preserving our specialness, acquired through a very long independent history free from invasion. 4) In 5 years' time, we may therefore have recovered from the current looming problems and be in a position to inch ahead of Europe. 5) This depends on a very favourable outcome to the exit negotiations. For me, it actually means keeping the free market, but that's another story.
What do your family say about that racial vilification? Do they say it is happening?
I opened that graphic but it was almost exactly 50-50 with 71% neutral, is that right?
It's been mentioned that at half-time, when we were 2-1 down, WrightWrightWright, Lee Dixon and Crouchy were discussing whether Hart should be dropped for the quarter-final against France.
I mean, don't get me wrong. I think Cameron's attitude of 'You made this mess, you clear it up' is 100% right. But he certainly didn't say: 'If I lose, I will go.'
OK, it sounds to me solid enough, with the railway line into London but I agree the future status of London is an issue long-term. Have you checked what the property sold for in the past? You could factor in national movements over the last 10 yeas and see what has happened to it.
Here is the current topical example. You can see that at one level it's very mild (just verbal abuse and throwing beer) at another it is horrifying. http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-manchester-36656382
Yup. Sykes-Picot. The ones who betrayed Lawrence of Arabia.
It's bad for OUR economy, that is the problem.
I think all English people can suffer discrimination on Western European countries. I'm grateful I speak various European languages (but especially French) with a decent enough accent that I am not thought to be English until I choose to reveal it. My SO (white British) lived about 10 years in Vienna in the 90s and thought that they were a pretty snooty bunch. She thought, as I did when I visited (not her, I didn't know her then), that the younger people were better. We've been there every year for the last 15 or so, and have kinda found that the younger people have turned into what their parents were like. Likewise, my uncle is Swiss-German, so I've been in Switzerland a lot. I find the Swiss a very stodgy people- pretty insular and narrow-minded- again I'm talking about interacting with them not in English. With both French and Italian people (I've lived in Italy), I've heard plenty of casual racism from white natives- not towards me, but in attitudes. Again, talking in French and Italian, not in English. I don't think anywhere is a paragon, but having spent a lot of time in various capacities in Europe, I'm happy sticking with Britain.
OK- one problem. Goods is not the issue. Our economy is only 22% goods, the rest (78%) is services. What we need is free movement of services and CAPITAL, because our economy depends on financial services currently based in the City of London. Customs Union will not be sufficient for us.
Other people have overseas territories too.
PM me if you get stuck when you have a slot.
Once he has learned to stop, reward him with a treat when you see him with the grandchildren and he is not doing it.
I love Helen Hunt, actually. Definitely my favourite Hunt.
Markets recovering: short term yes. Don't know how much the Bank of England has had to do. Also has to do with the fact the brexit trigger has not yet been pulled. Impossible to tell long-term. But yes, I'm grateful they are not lower. Pound recovering: no it isn't. If it goes back up to 1 dollar 50 we can say it's strong again. EU army: no views on that being bad anyway. Turkey; Germany, Austria and Switzerland have tons of Turkish Gastarbeiter and they are obviously doing OK. Faith in our country and its people: sadly, it's the vote itself that makes me lose faith the most. Irrespective of the economy and immigration, a lot of people clearly wish to feel separate from Europe. that makes me feel separate from them. For me it's trivially true the EU brings a ton of benefits, and that post-Brexit, it's the poorer parts of the UK that will suffer. If 17 million people think otherwise, I myself feel excluded and separate from my own country.
Usenet and Seedboxes are different things, Downloading from usenet uses your own bandwidth. Seedboxes are parts of servers somewhere else in the world from your own computer. they have their own connections and their own bandwidth. Their allowance is far higher than any normal person ever needs to use, so it's often sold as 'unlimited.' When you transfer things between the seedbox and your own machine, you DO use your bandwidth. But if you are torrenting from your seedbox, that does not use any of the bandwidth of your own connection. So, for example, if you were using a seedbox to gain ratio on private trackers, the upload you get from those torrents would not count against your home bandwidth, since it is somewhere else.
Yup. I read every word of your post and it sums up the current situation nicely.
The one I really remember is 1973, the 3 day week. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Three-Day_Week But maybe also 1978-9 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Winter_of_Discontent
I remember we all crouched round candles. There'd be a schedule published in the newspapers as to when the power cuts were. Power cuts would be a nightmare today in the Internet age.
You are definitely at the right starting level if you are playing well enough. Did you get a distinction in Grade 8? That would be the sort of minimum baseline starting standard; then you would need some harder pieces for your audition. If you look at the ABRSM diplomas, the first one is a bit like a 1st year undergrad standard, the second diploma is like a final year standard and the fellowship one is like a post-grad. Without any doubt your best bet is to speak to admissions at all the places you could go to. I can't speak of S'pore, but in London there is a second tier of places that teach performance degrees that are not as hard to get into as the RAM/ RCM/ Trinity/ Guildhall and within each place the syllabuses also cater for a range of ability.
just brilliant.
Meanwhile- an image of the cat?
My girlfriend told me not to hoover or wash clothes (normally I would on Sunday as 9-5 Sunday electricity is free on the tariff I have). But I did have to sweep up some crumbs. I guess for hygiene reasons that is a good thing.
You really can't support more than one team in a given league. You can like some teams more than others. You can only hate a few teams. You can, in any given match, prefer that one team wins (I mean, when that match has no bearing on what is happening to your own team). But actually supporting a team is deep and tribal. It means everything to me if my team wins or loses. It doesn't make sense to be able to support more than one.
You have no idea? That is unacceptable! I visit this sub because you are the Guru here. You cannot let your followers down.
Because the pollutants emitted by diesel engines have recently been found to be worse than those emitted by petrol ones, so after years of being diesel being the good guy, it is now the bad guy.
Wait a minute though. Aren't you the person who complains about there being too much politics here and at the uk sub?
The fact you're glad "vvhat got rekt" is just sad. It makes you the kind of person who was pleased the Library of Alexandria burned down. Basically, what was an incredible resource, there was no library of music remotely like it anywhere else. (I have to say, rutracker does a great job as a public tracker). It had the rules it did to keep stuff being uploaded, to keep requests being filled and above all to keep stuff seeded for ever. We are lucky that new communities have arisen, but it will be a while before any of them can be as big or as good as what. Incidentally, plenty of what torrents (and other private tracker torrents) 'leaked' onto public trackers. Things were shared like that all the time.
It's more or less just a work-in-progress reconstruction of what so far. Most of the first wave were what refugees who were also well established in other trackers. So many had giant libraries already. I would say that has meant there has not been so much traffic yet as there might have been or will be.... It's too early to say how PTH or APL or anyone else will go; but PTH is certainly very faithful to the principles of what.
Well, I guess one of the good things about a movie is that you can't talk, so you can do something fun without there being too much pressure to get on together, and then you have something that naturally sparks the conversation. So it would better, IMHO, to have coffee/drink + movie + late dinner. If you kinda know you can easily have a conversation, then dinner on its own is fine, or other no-pressure activities- go for a walk somewhere nice, for example. Personally, I'd always go just dinner if it actually was a date.
It's not as knee-jerk as that. A lot of the economic news/ changes so far have come from the fall of the pound. That's made some things better (price of our exports cheaper). In general, most of the good or bad news is actually at the too early to mean anything' stage.
One other relevant point (I used to live in London for over 20 years) is that it is far away. Cornwall is furthest away you can go overland without going to Scotland. So it's more practical to go for 4 nights or more, whereas all of England and Wales is practical even for a normal weekend (leave Friday night, return Sunday night.)
Wait- are you saying seasonal workers can come here from the USA and work without formalities- or is it just that they can come as tourists? So far, anecdotally it is said EU agricultural migrant worker numbers are down in terms of who is already booking their slot for next year. Personally, I don't have the foggiest what will happen going forward...
It's bound to cost less to fix it yourself, as once you have handed it back, you are at their mercy what they charge. Or, to put it more 'officially', they will pay full whack to themselves and pass on the cost to you.
You probably will get answers here, but /r/london is the right place, plus it has a wiki.
Likewise, so, OK, I'll bite on that one. Not sure that in the last ten years, I can think of obvious long-term financial investments or ways of using one's money that are more rewarding or less risky than any other. The current financial environment seems so 'mature' that everything has got incredibly marginal, unless one is lucky. Amazon Prime? Yes, probably, if that's your lifestyle. A decent accountant? Definitely, but I don't think too hard to find. Trustworthy tradesmen? Yes, absolutely. But initially that might involve trial and error, since word of mouth is usually the best recommendation. Housekeeper? Get you!!
Gosh! I'm really surprised you are surprised to be greeted by strangers in the street, and yet are not in London. People are very friendly in Manc (I say this through gritted teeth, of course). I'm still wishing strangers 'Happy New Year' round here and they me.
My God! Just looked at his images. How right you are....
Yup. Here also (West Yorks), and in Lancs. But overall in the UK, the highest % are Bangladeshi.
If it works, it's safe. There's bib staff in this thread who have confirmed it was just an administrative glitch.
Did you mean pissing?
Beethoven Sonata Op 109.
Yeah, I love HomeSense (which as you no doubt know is the dedicated home brand of TKMaxx). I must say we got an amazing Wolford tights bargain on a rare visit to TKMaxx before Xmas, but I find it a pain trawling through how much rubbish TKMaxx has just in case there is a bargain....
Yes, our basic free-to-air service (but we pay a TV licence fee) gives you 70 TV channels and 30+ radio stations. If you pay for satellite or cable etc then yes, you get a crazy number. Seems similar in most European countries too. They often have multi-language populations and therefore it's convenient to have a lot of channels. Also note that some of our 'channels' are just duplicates on a time delay. I find this very convenient- I watch something by chance that has already started, then after it ends I can catch the beginning without having to program the PVR.
Well, the police are the people to whom you report either assault or criminal damage. You would need the number plate of the car. However, I initially thought that she had hit your car with her car in the manner of a road traffic accident. That would be a much more serious offence. It sounds as if this woman had some problems of some kind. What do you do with people like this? The mature reply is nothing. Life is too short and you have better things to do. A variety of childish replies also come to mind......
She might be ill. Worried people lash out. Or, indeed, she could be a nasty piece of work. Who knows?
OP said: "This is my first ever registration in the UK." So probably the people to whom OP has applied think there's a risk that OP does not exist.
Music Minus One and similar products.
I'm sure he was- those reports of him being a 'gloomy pessimist' chime in exactly with how I remember him.....if I extrapolate from the distant past (I saw him every day for 2 years and we were good friends). Managed to dig out my comment from when he initially resigned: "I've heard his name around the place and noticed the unusual name, but only when this broke did I look him up and find, yes, it's someone I knew very well as a student- a year above me, doing the same subject at the same place. He was a deeply pessimistic and grumpy sod even then, sitting hunched up in his grey flecked sports jacket, as if he had no neck. But in those days he was an extremely abstruse thinker who read an enormous amount of left-wing theory that was fashionable with more or less all of us. He was a bit abstruse for his teachers, but respected by all of us. I seem to remember also his love of theory cost him as good a degree as he deserved. Never knew what had happened to him; amazed that he had an entirely traditional career as a civil service mandarin."
Huh! I treat them like gold now they are not free. A lot of supermarkets have bins designed for plastic bag recycling.
I'm shocked and not shocked by how many of my friends have ended up in public life. When we were students, we looked around the hall and there were loads of portraits of ex-PMs. And we thought and said to one another that if this continued, there would be those among us that would be running the country. And that was a terrifying thought, because we knew we were all idiots and madmen. I would never have picked Boris to have the highest political profile of us though. Nobody would have believed for a moment that such a buffoon (he is unchanged) would have become Mayor of London.... EDIT: I should say that as students, we despised anyone who had political ambitions.
It's a trade-off. If it is an emergency, he comes round any day, any hour, no call-out charge. Doesn't even want to take any money. Apologises that you have a problem (though he is the solution, not the problem.) If it is NOT an emergency, he is hard to reach. Can only be relied on to pick phone up on Wednesdays. Has a shop (staffed by others) but they "can't ever reach him" either. You have to ring him to remind him he's due at your place.
I've wondered this, especially when they were £2.99 once at Aldi. I think they'd get mucky and be a pain to clean. I just stick some scissors up my nostrils.
You absolute fucking genius. I would never have thought of that.
Slightly misleading headline, not so much in terms of viewpoint but because it covers a number of pro-hard Brexit or pro-Brexit statements, but also the donor threat to stop funding the Tories if they reject soft Brexit. My prevailing impression is that we are now getting to Squeaky Bum time, as that famous football manager said. Where May can no longer just push the hard choices away.
Well, the first one that comes to mind is the Martin Bell v Neil Hamilton 1997, where Martin Bell stood against Hamilton to fight sleaze. The expenses scandal? otherwise, look this up: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_political_scandals_in_the_United_Kingdom
OK, well how do you explain it? It was very inconvenient when what cd closed, but the two main replacements seem to be doing very well. I'm not the right person to ask, as I'm not staff anywhere, so I don't know why Tolkein gets this treatment.
It's too simplistic to say that voting pro-Brexit was nationalistic. Insofar as we are nationalistic, it is more that we feel different from other countries and maybe suspicious of foreigners. People felt in some cases they didn't want foreigners telling us what to do, more than they felt there was anything so amazing about our country on its own. We don't parade our feelings for our country in the way you guys often, say, chant U-S-A. We are not at all nationalistic, in fact.
Why choose 2012?
The other thing is- I don't believe what she said and did before becoming PM is so significant. I have said a few times in this sub- I believe she is really strongly influenced by being a C of E vicar's daughter. She has a lot of 19th century social conscience beliefs, including social justice. If she manages to do this, I think it will be great. But a combo of Brexit and other interests in the Tory party may stop her. I do think she cares about poor and underprivileged people, and I'm not sure Cameron, Blair and Thatcher's governments did (though I'm inclined to think Major and Brown did).
I'm in the UK. Steinway don't do that here, nor does Boesendorfer or Fazioli. If you go in as a customer, you ARE a customer and you can try what you like. I've heard other people talking about the 'roped-off' pianos in Steinway USA. As you say, many music stores sell more than pianos- if you have a nice experience in the instrument bit, you might well buy other things in the other departments. But OP's situation seems to be different- they know he isn't a customer.
I did not realise there was ever real-time inspection. I thought it was just that people looked at the paperwork afterwards to check people who had not paid were entitled to claim them free.
