I would have guessed Detroit.
[Still my favorite picture.](http://i.imgur.com/lh8eFnn.jpg)
r/DrunkGirls is pretty good.
I saw a college student with a tower and an lcd display at a Starbucks. But it was a mid-size tower and he was with his friends who all had laptops. Barely even noticed him.
He died from a heart attack too. Basically he aged much quicker, resulting in having the body of someone at least 20 years older.
He killed her with the only weapon banned by a pope.
Any dumbass can edit a wikipedia page. That doesn't make it true. Special effects existed since the beginning of film. CGI didn't come around until the '80s.
Your drill would just rotate around this bit.
Amazon and Anal.
Since the head came off, this would be considered a failed hanging. It's supposed to break the neck. Also, guillotine is the device, not the act of removing a head.
They've been doing it since the beginning of “feature-length" films.
Noticed you said you thought the prop may have been undamaged? If that's not a typo, I can tell you the prop is beyond any form of repair.
But it’s a piece of the costume falling off.
The car or the fighter jet?
I get pulled over all the time for the most pointless stuff. Last time it was because I took too long to make a right hand turn at a red light. The real reason is that I accidentally made eye contact with the cop. I knew he was going to pull me over as soon as I looked at him.
Everyone got employed with low level shit jobs. I know I did.
If you don’t brush around implants the gums will rot away until you see the pin and bone.
It’s not genuine unless you type it like this: Breeder Bullshit™.
You’re still crazy, but not for that reason.
I believe you anchor to the building every third floor.
You’re parked on the sidewalk!
Kraft Singles aren't even real cheese.
Here I thought I was being original when I set up a long line before turning it on.
I’ve been personally told by a parent that this is the most effective method to shut their kid up. As soon as they throw a tantrum, you do it even louder. If they're old enough they get embarrassed and shut up immediately. The more people around the better.
She succeeded in poking him with the HIV needle.
Back in the day when 3 years age difference felt like 30.
And the most expensive thing we own is the computer.
And the other half is into gaming. For me it's 3d modelling, which means having a Nvidia Quadro that's hooked up to my watercooler system. Everything in my tower easily exceeds $4000. But it's worth every last penny.
I would not build a Z97/DDR3 system unless it was out of random parts I found. DDR4 has been out for what, two years?
Why not call the Fire Marshall?
I died for moment when the scissors stuck in the floor at the beginning.
28 Days Later.
Average.
Saying good buddy can be an insult to the person you're saying it to. “Thanks good buddy” in a sarcastic tone means “thanks fag.”
Let me guess, mid 20's?
At least they're not debating how quickly they can jerk off every guy in the room.
AC adapter and 12v adapter were what I used 99% of the time. An outlet was almost never more than an extension cord away.
That's the biggest ornamental bell any cow will ever wear. Cowbells aren't even true bells in a sense. They don't ring out.
Because he fucks like it's his job.
There's even that popular clip of a cat “slapping” a baby in the head with both paws, but retracted claws. Cat knew exactly what it was doing.
They're infused with jizz.
I was gonna say. Maybe he thought you guys really needed the R&amp;R.
It's always the cheerful cartoon character. They're worse than the clergy.
Or Bill Nye.
Friends are bullshit anyway. They will always leave as soon as they get an SO.
Can't even count the number of Magic Wands I've bought over the years. I should just buy a pallet.
I had to up and quit working for anyone. Bosses simply can't treat people how they want to be treated. Fuck ’em. I made my own company, with blackjack and hookers. Okay, maybe not with the hookers...or the blackjack. But I really am self employed.
That would make Tesla roll in his grave even more.
It’s a joke. He was too smart to be “against” it.
Haven't seen young girls making dick cakes before, that's why.
Give it a little tampy. Tamp, tamp tamparoo.
Relative to other Civics.
Did not enjoy driving through the Rockies for the last portion of a 16 hour drive.
Fuck yeah, thanks. Can't wait to visit someday.
This comment should go down in the history of time.
I'm guessing something in the lever must be making a pop. Perhaps different motherboard manufacturers? I never heard it either and only needed to use more force than I thought would be necessary at first.
Sometimes called IPA. Don't confuse it with India Pale Ale.
I'm a yank and even I know that.
God damn karma whores.
It’s a damn joke people. They're only making fun of Tai Lopez. He's been a joke on the internet for two years.
I tired connecting a peripheral Lego Mindstorms uplink to USB using a USB-1/8th Adapter and a 1/8th-peripheral adaptor. Didn't work.
All we know is, he’s called The Stig.
It’s rather tastefully executed.
That's *why* you use shovels.
Men aren't extinct yet, so no.
The opposite of the Japanese clap. They all stop at once.
Both solid ideas. Andy from Nitro Circus did this to Travis. He put up pictures of himself doing a tricycle backflip in Pastrana's house for him to find, like inside cabinets or boxes. Random places everywhere. Calenders and filing cabinets are good stowaways.
Inside the tampon box and the toilet paper rolls is a fun one because they're already likely pissed.
There's sore losers and there's sore winners.
In addition to my other GPU’s...
They learn or they get pulled against the ground while while shitting all over themselves and the ropes. They do it by keeping their back legs stiff and sliding on their paws.
Janitor.
Thank you for being a good sport. Don't know why everyone’s squeamish. This *is* r/wtf.
I got a Pentium 2 rig that I keep around just to hear Windows 95 boot.
Not just the smell, but there could be VOCs in the air from all the decaying garbage. It could literally make you physically ill.
Last time I played online my X80 was all chrome with the highest pitched music horn. It was visually and audibly the most painful thing I've ever experienced in the game.
Well it works for my jet ski.
Although it’s much thicker on top than the bottom. This not only increased vertical loads above center-of-gravity, but increased lateral loads from wind sheer and water.
Even my grandmother still says you get a degree before you get anything else. Once you get that degree, you can do anything you want....
If you were a grower yourself you wouldn't fear legalization. I buy my weed locally and have grown for 10 years. The only real benefit is the money savings.
Flown Flight Simulator since 1997. GTA is definitely cake when it comes to flying, but moving from a keyboard to controller took me two or three sessions to get used to. After that I improved for another week or so until I leveled off. That's what I meant by learning curve. I think you're reading too much into one phrase.
I too enjoy playing the most dangerous game.
Thanks. I'll remember to find a seat.
But nothing beats Street Fighter 2.
Hold my paw, I'm going in!
You don't even need the airflow to be moving in that direction. It could be pushing air out the front. That helps prevent against heat buildup behind the case. Edit. Had a stroke halfway through and fixed the typos.
Sell your car and ride the rifle to work.
In a stand off they need to shoot down the building around someone.
I was thinking Harry Potter; where they ride Barrets instead of broomsticks while playing Quidditch.
Yeah, wouldn't work here. But it works great with my cooling loop.
The total bill was $138k. Each camera body is $50k. Guessing he bought two bodies.
Piss Taker, come on!
Just like sex.
Nah, this is great. I already got three golds under my belt, but no silver.
~~Bet your boyfriend appreciates it.~~
Fat chicks need love too.
How insightful.
Remember pogs?
Silencer was a brand name. They're called suppressors.
*You just say ‘bingo.’*
I'm in decent shape, but going up three flights of stairs will give me a little swamp ass on a warm day.
Better call Saul.
It means the same thing, but I never heard anyone call it that when we're at the range. Also hear people call it a “can.”
Does anyone use sunscreen in Florida?
“I wish I had a million dollars.” *Genie steals a million from closest bank. Still has the dye packs.*
By definition they would be UFO’s. They don't needs to be non terrestrial.
When will we have radio controlled blobs?
I own a Mercedes G wagon with a Dillon Aero.
I knew someone would correct me.
Never.
I did, but I'm high.
Loofah? You mean the falafel thing?
I used to think Uber drivers came from Germany.
What a douchebag. I love it.
Considering how bad Steam used to be, it's amazing it still exists.
88 was a good year for coke. Not so much for boats.
I would arrive as Skeletor.
He had an erection that lasted longer than four hours.
I'm amazed more failures don't happen like this. The industry rushes you to *do, DO, DO!!!* without even thinking first. Assembly manuals are frequently modified without engineer approval; and most of the time are just signed off AFTER completion, not during, like they're supposed to be. They exist so each step is followed precisely. (eg, so you don't install things upside down.)
It’s Russian. This was the test and inspection.
OP, outside of California or England you call it “highway 411, or I-411.”
Point taken. Socal can be very pompous at times.
It's not just SpaceX. Vendors have been doing this for a long time.
Mental illness is a bitch.
I graduated high school when I was 18. It's good enough.
The Curiosity Rover has it's own Twitter account.
There were multiple reasons: The bomber flew the same route. They used ground spotters to know precisely when to turn on their radar. (Flat black provides a high contrast.) The F117 didn't even have a radar detector for SAMs. ~~The pilot never saw the missile coming, like in the movies.~~
Never thought I'd use a 3d mouse. Now I use one every day for watching porn.
He looks like a ripoff Don Johnson.
My local meetup doesn't allow booze. How am I supposed to socialize while sober?
I too enjoy crushing sand castles.
High Life sucks. If store brands made their own beer, it would taste like High Life.
She's so pleased with herself. I love it.
What do you mean? African or European swallow?
That's a crucifix, not a cross.
They're not even on par with stoner engineers.
Sounds like it. Should be “informant.”
Yup.
Usually have friends ship them.
Have you never worked a shit job?
Clearly they're paid by the hour.
I knew this would be Erik's *Chinese Democracy*. Still a decent video though.
If they arrested the girl, they should crucify the artist.
What do you call the people that remove your hookers?
“Provide care,” aka work like everyone else.
*Real and spectacular*, did you get that line from Seinfeld?
*KILL ME....*
Kids these days won't understand the struggle.
Are you just doing this for the karma?
Jesus saves.
No one cares if it's fake and you leave it up.
I was still a stoned teenager.
Dyed, but natural redhead underneath. You can see the roots.
Usually means you're going fast at a drag strip. 308 isn't a sought after model, so it's likely heavily modified.
Start a blog.
I used to smoke with people. I still do, but I used to, too.
I woke up in a new Bugatti.
Jesus, take the wheel and hold my beer.
Sliding off the road never gets old for you?
Didn't help me a couple times. Sometimes it's unavoidable. You've been lucky.
Half Life has a lot more in common with Trespasser than Quake or Doom. I played all four.
Exactly what I think about people that take the video for face value.
Your mom.
Those take time and make noise.
Not all plastics. Think about playground equipment. And that's usually in the open sun, no shade. A pad for an AC unit would get half as much sunlight, since it's on the side of building.
Maybe some people shouldn't be allowed on Twitter.
Can people stop posting stoner sob stories? I'm alone in life too, but I'm not using that to farm karma.
If the road has any curve you see everything.
That's when you rear end someone. It hardly ever happens, because very few roads have spots that are completely straight and level.
*Arrogance* was the quote, not *hubris.*
Every day we go deeper into The Twilight Zone.
You're high.
Now I won't feel guilty if I have to tell a child I can't help them.
I noticed that when I was smoking in bed.
If you have a lift on site, why not use it?
Your comment is hindered.
[So...ass?](https://i.imgur.com/EogmY9O.gif)
If you damage the follicle it won't regrow hair. Over a large area it's a pointless task. But might work on someone's stinky pinky.
Farmer John's long lost brother, Farmer Jobs.
We can't see where the lift is parked. That might not have been an option.
That was the return flight that landed last night at 10:38.
This is proper OSHA material right here. A nice break from the shit posts.
I don't buy used so I actually thought it was kind of high. But it's a 6gb card, so the price point seems right. As long as it hasn't been damaged by overclocking. If the GPU temps are higher than normal, you might want to put on new thermal paste and thermal pads.
Is it anecdotal evidence if it comes directly from my dermatologist?
PUBG also has a player base 2-3 games had the year before.
Why put a barrel on a Cycloneshock?
Always thought it wouldn't line up properly and also cause barrel drag.
Oh, yeah, nevermind then.
The shell looks nothing like the movie. Replica wise.
Thought about buying it for prop stuff. When I double checked the movie, I thought they looked nothing alike.
Gotta keep the politicians politicing.
Sold it twice.
But they're always using public defenders.
Technically legal. But the Palestinians were living there first.
Obviously. The Palestinians didn't just set up shop after WWII to spite the Jews.
*Wesley Snipes black*
The OTG?
I bought an MSI 1080ti Sea Hawk a month ago. It as on Newegg and cost $820. What happened since?
Big money for old rigs? I don't get it.
That's nearly a 6 year old card. Why so long before upgrading or a new build? I had to upgrade to a 1080ti last month because my 3 year old graphics card wasn't cutting it (4gb Quadro).
