You could live just about any lifestyle you liked and still have plenty left over to do lots of philanthropy. That or leave it all to your kids so you can ruin their lives. :)
http://youtu.be/wGdhc9k07Ms
Powerball tickets are $2 each, not $1. So at best you'd break even.
I thought I read somewhere that sharks don't get cancer either.
As sci-fi as many of the comments are, I think you all have it wrong. Yes, humans will travel to the stars and not by uploading our minds into robots or building space arks that would take centuries to travel the distance. We will get there by finding a way to travel across the great distances quickly. I don't yet know what form that will take but we know so little about the universe and physics at this point (or to put it another way, I'm quite certain there is a LOT left to be discovered). It will also likely take far longer than you realize. I'm thinking 200 to 300 years at least before the technology is created and matures to the point where we can use it.
I think we will find a way. The best candidate technology at this point is warping space as they do in Star Trek.
But it won't matter because of the time scale involved. No one is going to be willing to pay for a mission that will take 100 years or more. The only realistic solution is to find a way to travel quickly. I don't know what that way is but there was a time when traveling across the ocean wasn't possible. There was a time when traveling through the air wasn't possible. There was a time when we had never been to the moon. In the next 20 years we may visit Mars. Just because we don't know today HOW we will do it, doesn't mean we won't.
In defense of Peter Jackson, he wasn't allowed to make his own movie. The original director, Guierrmo del Toro, had done all the pre-production while negotiations with UA (I believe) continued for the movie rights. When that was delayed, Del Toro could no longer wait as he had other projects planned and had to bow out. Jackson had to take over as director and asked the studio for a year to go back and do his own version of the movie. Remember that he was the Executive Producer. The studio declined so he had to start shooting what was essentially del Toro's movie. I'm quite sure that if del Toro had made the movie, it would have been different. Had Jackson been given the time he requested, it would have been a different movie. Unfortunately, that didn't happen and what we got is the result. LOTR is my all time favorite set of movies. I was really hoping The Hobbit would be more of the same. Alas, it was not meant to be.
NASA is in the experimental stages of a warp drive not unlike the concept used in Star Trek. I don't know what will come of it but NASA seems to think they are on to something worth some effort. It's a mistake to say "FTL travel is impossible so there's no point in working on that type of solution." Better to think about a way around it. Our history is filled with things once thought impossible. http://spaceref.com/nasa-hack-space/propulsion/clarifying-nasas-warp-drive-program.html
Nevertheless they are indeed doing at least conceptual research on it. Around the turn of the last century, students interested in going into physics were told not to bother because pretty much all that would ever be known about physics had already been discovered. We can look back now at just how arrogant and ignorant that thinking truly was. When Einstein wrote his paper on Special Relativity, it was an idea whose time had come. If he hadn't thought of it, someone else would have within 10 years or so. General Relativity, on the other hand, was such an extraordinary idea that without Einstein's discovery of it, we might still not know of it today. Considering how much technology upon which we depend wouldn't be here without it, imagine where we would otherwise be. Using words like "impossible", IMHO, are a bad idea when it comes to realms of knowledge for which we have only scratched the surface. They put ones mind in a box. I don't want us to make the mistake that our ancestors did of ignorantly assuming we have it all figured out. You could say that with knowledge we have today, we don't know how to travel quickly across that vast distances between stars. Conventional travel appears to be limited by the inconvenient equality of mass and energy but that doesn't mean we won't find some other way. Imagine living at the time of the American Revolution. Getting a message from England to America involved sailing across the Atlantic for many weeks. If your goal was to get the message to millions of people, you could just forget it as it would be prohibitively expensive. Now imagine bringing such a person forward a few hundred years and showing them modern television or video conferencing via the internet from a cell phone with people all over the world. This would seem impossible to them and unbelievable if they weren't seeing it for themselves. As Arthur C. Clarke famously said, it would be "indistinguishable from magic." Is today's technology the end of the road? Is there no more to learn? Of course not. 200 years from now, we will have technology and capabilities that to us today living in 2016 would be indistinguishable from magic.
No good deed goes unpunished.
It was going to be our first time (together - neither of us were virgins) and she was really pushing it. Problem was, we didn't have any protection and even if we had a condom, I wasn't going to risk it. We were engaged and if she got pregnant before the wedding, her parents would have been really pissed. So I told her we weren't having actual sex until she got on the pill. Then and only then, would we be having sex. It was one of those situations I thought would never happen where I would be the one having to do the right thing and say no to sex.
What has size got to do with it? Explain to me how we have government-provided social services now but somehow couldn't have others because we have too many people? How do economies of scale somehow go into reverse for social services?
Isn't this a little pointless since there's very little evidence he ever actually existed at all? If he did, he would have certainly looked middle eastern. If you think he was white, blame the Catholic Church would recast him as white centuries ago.
There are some pretty big assumptions in that logic. Just because the universe being a simulation is possible given an infinite timeline doesn't mean that it is one.
Not in dispute? There's no evidence outside of the Bible itself that Jesus ever existed. It's absolutely in dispute.
Right, but that's a HUGE given. Perhaps we have not yet reached the future yet where universes can be simulated. In any case, I wouldn't bet on it.
What "other secular sources?" There are only two outside of the Bible itself who mentioned Jesus. Tacitus mentioned Jesus by name and Josephus mentioned someone named Christus being executed by Pontius Pilate. However, neither Tacitus nor Josephus were contemporaries of Jesus. Both were born after the supposed death of Jesus (Josephus about 5 years after and Tacitus about 20) so they can't be considered evidence of his existence since they are clearly only writing from what they themselves heard or read elsewhere and not from their own eyewitness accounts. Josephus claimed God spoke to him directly so his credibility is highly suspect without even considering that he wasn't even alive while Jesus was. The debate regarding the existence of Jesus may be settled amongst Biblical scholars but they have an obvious bias. Scientists don't debate it because they see nothing to debate. Science deals in evidence. There is essentially no evidence whatsoever that Jesus ever really existed. However, there is considerable evidence that many of the stories from the Bible were essentially plagiarized from earlier religious mythologies. The debate over the existence of Jesus is only "settled" for those who don't require evidence.
You're describing a pure democracy which is not what how any western nations operate. We have a representative democracy. We have nationalized social services already such as Medicare which is more efficient than smaller private healthcare providers according to the CBO. Bigger doesn't automatically mean less efficient. Apple is the biggest company in the world (by market cap) and they are incredibly profitable.
The profit of any company is the difference between its revenue and expenses. Apple both had desirable products but also spends wisely. It's marketing is effective. It's product development is effective. It runs a very tight ship. There are plenty of examples of companies with lots of revenue but not much profit. Profit comes from both growing sales and managing expenses. As the CEO of a company for more than 20 years, this is something I know a lot about. Socialized medicine, just as one example, is not perfect a pseudo-free market healthcare system like the one in the US is also very inefficient due to entrenched profit interests. Not everything should be provided by the government but there are some areas (such as healthcare and prisons) where a free market runs counter to the best interests of the populous.
A MacBook Pro is the overall best choice if choice is what you care about. On it you can run MacOS, Windows and Linux as well as use it for iOS and Android development. If you buy a Windows Laptop, you lose the ability to code for macOS and iOS. PC laptops can be less expensive but not for the equivalent hardware. Most PC magazines have stated that if you buy a PC laptop with the equivalent quality hardware as a Mac, the cost will be similar.
Your behavior should be about who you wish to be, not how others will treat you.
Here's one of many. They are not hard to find. http://www.howtogeek.com/219478/surprise-macs-aren%e2%80%99t-necessarily-more-expensive-than-windows-pcs/
The MacBook Air has only 8GB of memory. If that's enough for you, great. It also doesn't have that great of a graphics card relative to the Pro. Just depends on what you need.
I recently bought one and I'm quite happy with it. Apple is somewhat limited in terms of what they can do in terms of processors and memory while maintaining good battery life. It's all a balancing act. For me, I'm digging Touch ID and the Touch Bar as well. I wasn't sure how much value the Touch Bar would really add but I've started using it and it's actually quite nice. Makes me realize just how underutilized the function keys have been all these years. It's not BS. If you compare Mac laptops to the equivalent PC hardware, they are similar in price. The difference is that Apple doesn't have an extreme low end the way the PC does.
That's true but that's not the whole problem. Healthcare companies know they have the customer by the shorthairs when it comes to their health whereas in a single payer system, the customer is the government.
I know a lot of programmers that would disagree but you're right that it really depends. RAM is cheap so it's not something to short yourself on.
While I see your point, Apple has said they will never add a touch screen because for a computer, it's a poor interface. I agree. No one wants to hold their arm out towards their screen. It works for a tablet because the tablet is already at arms length and touch is the primary interface. The Touch Bar to me is a good interface. It adds quick access to important functions. Like you, I want to see Apple innovate even more especially with the MacBook Pro. I'm not sure what that would be exactly though.
Correct. When Steve Jobs returned to Apple the first thing he did was simplify their entire line to four categories: Pro desktop, pro laptop, consumer desktop , consumer laptop. They got away from that a bit with the MacBook Air but it wouldn't surprise me if that goes away and the features of that end up in the MacBook.
Anything unethical is likely to be a lie. Relationships are based upon trust. Once the lie is revealed, the other party will realize their trust has been betrayed, possibly beyond repair. Not a good way to start or conduct a relationship. Honesty is the best policy.
"Ugly" is highly subjective and being rich only goes so far. Look at Rick Ocasek form the 1980's band, "The Cars." Not an attractive guy and yet he married a super model. Sure he was a rock star at the time but again with anyone partner of substance, any partner worth having a relationship with, being rich or famous is just bonus. FWIW, I dated a few women that I didn't find attractive initially. Once I got to know them, they became more attractive. I've also met women who were physically very attractive but became ugly once I got to know them due to their personalities. Just be yourself. The right person is out there but like being successful at anything, it rarely comes easy. Thomas Jefferson once said, "The harder I work the luckier I seem to get."
My wife. :). No one is perfect in reality but I can't imagine being married to anyone else.
It's the same thing. It's a lie. Someone who likes you under deceptive pretenses doesn't actually like you at all. Don't you get that? And when they find out they have been deceived, they are going to hate you. Get it?
Perhaps but I think Apple has a very good idea about who the average customer is. That might not be you or me but I'll bet the average customer doesn't need to add much that can't be added via USB. They probably never upgrade the machine. Or to put it another way, they value the trade-offs more (lighter, more battery life, better screen, etc.). Just a guess but I think it's probably right.
For some yes but when the new MacBooks came out and the most ram you could get was 16GB, there were a lot of people complaining. Apple said that more ram would shorten the battery life so they made a choice.
In a single payer system, the healthcare provider is being paid not by the patient but by the government. Whoever pays the bill is the customer.
I realize that the government is spending money that was provided to it in the form of taxes but in a single payer system the government is the one who is negotiating with healthcare providers. Ideally, a free market will drive efficency. However, when people are in pain they can't negotiate rationally. They want the pain to stop no matter what the cost. They've also gotten used to ignoring their health and expecting a quick fix via a pill or surgery rather than making the lifestyle changes they should have made years ago. When given a terminal cancer diagnosis, many will OK a treatment plan that will extend their life for 3 months but has a cost of over $100,000. I think the best we can likely do is a system that puts the patient in the driver's seat when it comes to cost. This means that everyone has a high deductible insurance plan so they won't go broke if they are hospitalized and a health savings account to pay for doctor visits, prescriptions, etc. Healthcare providers should be required to provide price lists that are simple and concise which would lead to price competition that really doesn't exist in healthcare today. There's no reason they can't do this today. This puts the patient in the position of deciding how to spend their money. Such a system can be socialized in that it's subsidized by the government based upon income. If the individual wants to contribute to it to get a better plan, they can do so. What I'm suggesting would be a truly free market plan which we don't have today because costs aren't generally discussed until after the fact. Most people don't even realize how much they can negotiate down their hospital bills either. However, we do need everyone to be insured because hospitals are required to treat anyone who comes in. Such a system, IMHO, provides the best of both worlds and is simpler than the Affordable Care Act. It's not perfect. The healthcare providers still have you by the shorthairs but at least published price lists would bring the cost of service front and center where it belongs and hopefully some downward price pressure as well. We also need to find a way to get doctors out of CYA mode where they order far more tests than necessary just to decrease the likelihood of being sued.
17 years ago on Matchmaker.com.
I don't like Trump but I'm pretty sure that Kim Jung Un is a blowhard like his father. He knows that if he EVER sets off a nuke outside of a cave in North Korea, it will bring about the end of his rein and country. NATO forces will immediately move in and remove his regime, followed by the reunification of South and North Korea.
I'm going to say no, he never said that.
No, that was for Syrian refugees. Trump has been asked repeatedly about a Muslim registry and he has said we should have one. Of course he's backing away from that now but apparently it's still on his website. Let's just all accept that Trump just says whatever he's thinking at the moment without regard to the truth or any semblance of consistency. He's the bullshitter to end all bullshitters.
Hey, I didn't vote for him and the fact that he's going to be President is both embarrassing and terrifying at the same time. Having said that, you know that Trump feels like other countries need to pull their weight more (which is yet another indicator that he doesn't have a clue about US foreign policy). He would almost certainly demand NATO handle North Korea should it need handling.
Gus wouldn't do business with Walt if Jessie was in the picture. Walt reluctantly agreed. When Walt found out that Gus had hired him an assistant who would clearly eventually be capable of replacing him, Walt stopped trusting Gus. Breaking Bad is the story of a good man going bad in an attempt to do good (by his family) and in the process, causing a bad man to become good.
An important difference between Hitler and Trump is that Hitler had a well-thought out (and of course evil) plan. Trump has no plan. Everything he does is entirely off the cuff.
The US is the most influential member of NATO. If North Korea set off a nuke against another nation, Trump wouldn't even need to ask.
Any rogue nation that nuked another would immediately be the subject of invasion by NATO. If you think NATO otherwise you don't understand NATO. What do you think would happen if Pakistan nuked India?
Trump has made some noises about healthcare but, like everything else, he has no plan.
You're asking too much of him. The man isn't capable of that. His ego is such that the only mode it can handle is one where he just does and says whatever he wants: truth, logic, morality, honor and tradition be dammed.
An interesting side note: Venus rotates on its axis in the opposite direction from all other planets which astronomers believe means it was hit by something big early in its formation.
The money is used to improve the environment thus offsetting the damage a company does to it.
You don't really need cow's milk though. You get plenty of calcium from other foods.
He has no political experience and he's an egotistical, narcissistic, bullshitter extraordinaire with no particular devotion to truth, morality, honor, logic or tradition. Yes, he will probably shake things up but in the same way a frustrated parent shakes a crying baby.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Environmental_mitigation
Could you elaborate? Carter didn't get us into a war nor did Clinton or Obama. You could perhaps argue that Kennedy did but Vietnam was being overrun by a communist threat which was a pretty big deal at the time.
I don't know but Venus does rotate in the opposite direction of all other planets. He must know this. Perhaps you're remembering it wrong or perhaps he simply had a brain fart that day and misspoke.
Not necessarily. Consider that the Earth itself (early in its formation) was hit by something the site of Mars. That "something" tore off enough material to form our moon. The atmosphere of Venus is indeed heavy but it wasn't always that way. The heaviness is due to a runaway greenhouse effect. I wouldn't think the atmosphere could be heavy enough to change the rotation of the planet anyway. It's sad really because Venus is similar in size to the Earth and may at one point have been on a path to be just like Earth. Imagine how are history would be have been different had we discovered long ago that Venus could likely support life?
I can't see how we will ever know. We just have to look at all possible causes and consider which is most likely. It probably happened during the early formation of the solar system. At that time, the solar system was a HUGE debris field. Gravitational fields are what caused most of it to coalesce into the planets we have today.
You can't actually take ANYTHING Trump says seriously. The man just says whatever comes to his mind at that moment. And when did he threaten nuclear war? All I have heard was during the campaign, he asked a security advisor why we haven't used nukes against ISIS. That's a stupid question but it's also not a threat.
North Korea lives and dies by international aid. If they go too far, we have them by the shorthairs as long as we have the intestinal fortitude to go through with it. The problem is, we can't have people dying left and right because we are blocking aid. They are innocent victims. So at some point, we either have to fish or cut bait. The fall of the North Korean regime is inevitable IMHO. Reunification is as well but with each passing year, the older Korean generation is dying off and the younger generations don't care so much about reunification. Many actually see it is a burden rather than a benefit.
Well what this tells us is the there is still A LOT we don't now about just our own solar system. That shouldn't surprise us given that humans have never set foot on another planet.
I don't see why not but I also wouldn't see it having any noticeable affect on any other planets. Venus might be the easiest to terraform since it can clearly maintain an atmosphere but it's slow rotation would be a problem I'd think.
It appears something already has. :) It's spinning quite slowly. A single day on Venus (one rotation) is 224.65 Earth days. To speed it up to match Earth's rotational speed (which would likely be necessary to successful terraform it), would take a lot of energy and time. One calculation I found said it would take 3×10^17 W and about 16,000 years. Of course that's with our current technology. In a 100 years or so perhaps we will have technology that makes it far more doable.
Correct. And the thinking is that the place where the impact occurred was where the Pacific Ocean is today. The mass of the moon, would fill that space. I heard this a long time ago so I don't know if it's still the current thinking especially considering plate tectonics and all. Another interesting thing about the moon is that after the collision, it's thought that it only took about 10,000 years for the moon to form into what we see today. That's a blink geologically speaking.
There is and from what I've read it has to do with the gravitational impact of its magnetosphere.
The Chinese are also distancing themselves from North Korea far more than they ever have in the past.
I think you forgot the link to the article.
But how can you have any idea how he would govern since he constantly lies and contradicts himself?
I think this is one of those things that sounds good but in reality is not. Sex is all about friction, something that is challenging without gravity.
I don't know that you have "no right" but it's certainly morally questionable to not help those in need when you've got excess assets. The simple example is you see a young child drowning in a swimming pool. It will cost you nothing to jump in and save them. It would certainly be immoral to stand by and watch it happen. Now take it a step further. You have plenty of extra money but their are people dying of starvation who could be saved if you donated some of that extra cash. Isn't it just as immoral to not donate? Of course the problem is that people don't always know where their money might be best used or how efficient any particular usage may be. I realize there are ways to find this out but not everyone seeks them out. We also have a built-in instinct to hoard assets just in case they are needed later.
Ok, fair enough but for it to work both parties have to be able to brace themselves against an object that is fixed relative to themselves. At that point, the benefit of zero gravity would be almost entirely lost, right?
Mormonism is the easiest target for anyone who wishes to show the cracks in the foundation of a religion because it is the newest of the popular religions. We have actual documentation for example that shows Joesph Smith to be a con man. Having said that, the author's basic claim is that atheists want to eliminate perceived societal differences between groups and will by doing so eliminate our ability to know right from wrong. Defeating this argument is quite simple. One must only be able to accept a few simple claims as being morally true in order to defeat the articles claim as well as the need for religion as a moral compass (as if the history of nearly every religion isn't enough on its own): 1) We should each only expect to be treated as we treat others. 2) We each are the ultimate authority over our minds and bodies. If you can accept these two claims as morally true, I don't think you need anything else upon which to base morality. To be moral is to do the right thing when no one is looking. If your actions are instead based upon fear of reprisal from other people or a deity, you are not motivated by a desire to be moral but by the wish to avoid pain. Your faith is acting as a moral proxy. I've only known a few ex-mormons. They seem to not so much as be rejecting Mormonism as rejecting religion so it's small wonder they become atheist rather than join some other Christian denomination. Historically, religion has provided answers to questions that were otherwise unanswerable. Over time, we have found the real answers to many of these questions via the scientific method. These new answers are logical and contradict those provided by religion which causes us to doubt religion as a valid source of truth claims. So is it any wonder that the more we truly understand about the universe, the less religious we become? The author is looking for an answer that reinforces his faith and hopefully the faith of others. However, it's not a logical answer. The desire for equality is the desire to eliminate immoral inequality. It is immoral to allow one class a right that another class is denied for no good reason. If we are going to have marriage as a legally-binding arrangement then same sex couples logically have the same right to it as opposite sex couples do. To say otherwise is both illogical and immoral. The only way to make the claim that it's immoral is to claim that some supernatural deity said so. That's a claim that cannot be proved and is thus illogical. It seems to me that religion continues only because of childhood indoctrination. If children were not introduced to faith until they were 12, the age at which most children can be skeptical and logical, religion would quickly die out. It's already dying out but it will take a hundred years or longer to go away almost completely. What does it say that faith continues only through was can be best described as brain-washing? Having said all of this, what I have found is that the only people you can influence are those already having some doubt. There's little point in engaging the those still deeply committed to their faith.
What purpose in life would a belief in God provide that you can't choose without such belief? By the strictest definition, the only purpose your life has is the one you choose for it. For me, the purpose is to maximize my happiness.
You beat me to it.
I'm not just a linguist but a cunning one at that.
Deliveries for iOS and MacOS. Great for tracking stuff you've ordered online.
You're looking for a guarantee and they don't exist. Is it possible there's an afterlife? Sure. Is it probable? Since we have no good evidence, I would say no, it's not. However, if it turned out there is one, the odds that it would work out to be exactly as described in the Bible are so small as to not be worth considering. However, in that tiniest of possibilities, would you really wish to be a slave to the will of God? Just forget all that illogical nonsense and do what maximizes your happiness.
There is a very good chance we will never know everything either because some things turn out to be unknowable (such as perhaps what caused the Big Bang) or if our species doesn't survive long enough to know them. We have this attitude that we are human, that we will exist forever and thus the universe is our playground. The reality is we are one species that has existed for a very brief moment in time (so far) on what is essentially a single grain of sand on a very large beach. The authors of the Bible were extremely arrogant in suggesting that the entire universe was created just for us. Of course at the time it was written, they had no idea about the universe at all. They thought the points of light in the sky could fall to Earth for example. They didn't know those were stars like our Sun or that some of them were entire galaxies. The idea that there's this all-powerful God that created billions of galaxies with billions of stars per galaxy along with billions of planets but then created life only on one of them, just seems ludicrous to me. The simplest explanation tends to be the right one. Science tells us that the universe is nothing more than a whole lot of atoms and subatomic particles interacting with each other. While we don't know all the details, what we do know seems to explain most of what we have discovered so far. It's not surprising you lost your faith as you came to understand science had more and more of the right answers. Historically, science has come along and provided a better answer to a question that had previously only been answered by religion. The opposite, however, has never been true. Can you think of a single instance where science provided the answer to a question but then religion came along and provided a more logical and rational answer? No. FWIW, one of the ex-mormons I know became atheist much in the way you did. He told me that he kept coming up with things that just didn't add up in his mind. Finally there were just too many of them to ignore. There are those (my wife included) that subscribe to Pascal's Wager. The problem with this is that there IS a downside. It means living one's life based upon the likelihood that an afterlife exists and that you will have all of eternity to spend with those you care about. That has GOT to affect your decisions. Why spend the time and money to go across the country to see your elderly parents when you'll have all of eternity to spend with them later? Whereas assuming there is no afterlife will almost certainly cause us to make a different set of decisions and if nothing else, value this one life we get even more. When I hear that more and more people are taking religion less and less seriously, it makes me feel that we are really making some serious progress as a species. If we do survive long enough to spread out into the galaxy, it will be because we found a way to use logic and reason to overcome our irrational side which has been the source of almost all of our misery over the course of human history.
Yes, I have probably had sex close to about 1000 times with 10 different partners 11 different partners. I'm not trying to brag but simply point out I have plenty of experience. And like you, if the opportunity presented itself, I'd totally be up for trying it in zero gravity. Gravity isn't absolutely necessary but as I pointed out earlier, friction is. To achieve it, both partners must be braced against the same fixed object and that would negate most of the advantage of zero gravity. I suppose if the two of you were floating in space (presumably inside a large spacecraft or space station) you could pull towards each other if you coordinated your efforts just right. Your timing would have to be dead-on however like a very experienced set of dance partners. Otherwise, you'll end up more like two people trying to hold hands while ice skating for the first time. You'd just bump each other off in different directions. I don't think you fully appreciate just how much help you get from gravity while having sex.
That if you get lost at sea, you'll likely never be found.
Do you ever check out other people? We are humans so it's just our nature to do so but it doesn't mean anything necessarily. I can appreciate the beauty of others without that meaning I think less of my wife.
One summer during high school I couldn't find a decent job so I bit the bullet and took a job at Taco Bell. After a day or two I decided that being broke was better than working at Taco Bell so I quit.
The phone lines were down and when a cop came to the door to check on him, Kevin was too scared to answer it.
If you wait until January and do it as a New Year's Resolution, it's not likely to stick. Change should happen when it needs to happen and you have to have the will to make it permanent.
This is exactly why when we had kids and people asked, "Do you want a boy or a girl?", I replied, "I just want a healthy child." It's also why I wanted us to stop once we had two. I figured with each child we were running the risk of ending up in your situation. You have my sympathy. It must be incredibly difficult.
Getting married and having kids. Both have been great.
Not really. If you're floating in zero gravity with your legs wrapped around each other but are otherwise not touching any fixed object (other than your partner of course), the moment you move, they will move because neither of you is creating any friction via a fixed object or gravity. No friction means no fun.
Sounds like the issue is with their API since you have the correct Skype address. I suggest you call them back, show them what you're doing and that you do in fact have the right Skype address.
You get what you pay for. You want a nice phone? Buy an iPhone.
I believe he certainly had influence. The eagles didn't want to have anything to do with the ring knowing they'd be just as tempted by the ring. Once the ring was destroyed, they had nothing to fear.
This is what will come first. The more a job requires understanding people, the longer it will take to replace with AI.
Go to know Hollywood isn't the only city putting thought into this.
Zero IS a number just as much as 14 or -53 is.
He did, just not for reason of which you are thinking.
Back to the Future didn't originally star Michael J. Fox. Eric Stoltz was cast and they were shooting scenes but the chemistry between him and Christopher Lloyd just wasn't working so Director Robert Zemeckis convinced the producers of the TV show Family Ties to allow him to cast Fox with the promise that it wouldn't interfere with shooting the TV show. Fox was filming Family Ties during the day and Back to the Future at night.
I can't see that trend continuing under Trump.
As if Mac users (or Windows users for that matter) only care about hardware specs. Yes, they are important but honestly I can't see a Mac user switching to Windows over hardware specs unless it's to create a dedicated gaming machine which in that case really isn't switching. Familiarity with the OS, software, etc., is way more important than a slightly faster or cheaper laptop. I greatly prefer MacOS over Windows or Linux and I do use all three for my work. Apple hardware IS more expensive but it lasts longer and as PC magazines have pointed out, if you equip a PC with similar specs and quality hardware, it comes in at a similar price to that of a Mac. Apple simply chooses not to sell hardware that is cheap both in price and quality.
Love Is Here To Stay
Assuming each Big Bang is identical, yes. However, we only have evidence of one. We don't know if there can be more than one or not. It's a huge assumption that all singularities would be identical if there ever was or will ever be another one. If we have learned anything about physics, it's that we don't really know what we don't know.
No worries, kid. These are big questions and though I'm a lot older than you are, I wasn't pondering the origins of the universe when I was 18. I was busy chasing girls and trying to become a rock star. So don't be so hard on yourself. I'm guessing you're in the UK then?
It's fascinating stuff and I hope there are some discoveries in the not too distant future that get us a bit closer to finding some of the answers. I remember reading that they would soon be doing some experiments that, if successful, would prove that we do NOT live in a multiverse but I don't think that's happened yet. Another possibility (though one I personally don't subscribe to due to lack of evidence) is that we exist in a simulation. It's reasonable to believe that in a hundred or so years time, a simulation of the quality of real life, indistinguishable from it, will be possible. If that's true, how do we know we aren't in that simulation now?
I agree. It would certainly boggle the imagination and shake up the religious.
Ah. Well, that's actually good. I thought I had missed the joke. Glad (for both our sakes) I hadn't. :)
I was no fan of George W. Bush but he was at least qualified having been a governor. If I had the choice of 4 years of Bush or Trump, I'd take Bush in a heartbeat.
Married to a Korean. Can confirm.
And at the end they said that they weren't spoofing it. They just told it like it really is. I didn't believe that. It just couldn't be true. So I went and looked up Scientology on Wikipedia and sure enough, South Park had in fact not spoofed it at all. How anyone believes this crap is unimaginable.
Oh that's also crazy but Scientology is way beyond Christianity for nuts, IMHO.
Stanislav Petrov. On September 26th, 1983 he saved the world. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stanislav_Petrov
No, they are not. The only people you have any hope of Influencing are those that are already having some doubt.
For a marriage to last, it of course requires trust. Beyond that you must have the same style of conflict resolution and a minimum of 5 good moments for every bad one. That's according to Dr. John Gottman who did 25 years of clinical research on couples and could determine with 94% accuracy if any particular couple would still be together in 5 years.
0. Relationships are based upon trust. Once betrayed, it's very difficult to ever fully restore it. That energy is better spent moving on with your dignity intact.
Walking burns calories and just walking for 30 minutes 3 times a week lowers your risk of heart disease quite a bit.
The CEO's pay is set the same way everyone else's is: by the people above him or her based upon their assessment of his or her value to the organization. It's that simple. There may occasionally be some "good ol' boys club" stuff going on but that's the rare exception rather than the rule. Tying the CEO's compensation to anyone else's makes no sense at all. Compensation for everyone should be based on the assessment of their value.
Steve Jobs.
Tap on the user icon in the lower-right corner (the one that takes you to your account) then tap on the Settings icon (the gear in the upper-right corner) then tap on Text Size.
Wow, that's surprising. I can't imagine why that would be.
The woman I married.
Not exactly a mistake. More like being lazy. I only met my wife because while searching an online dating site, I accidentally chose a 60 mile radius instead of my usual 50. I noticed but was too lazy to change it back and just went ahead and clicked the Search button. She came up because she was 51 miles away. We've been happily married for 17 years now.
Actually most people that drown say it's a peaceful feeling that comes over them not a panicked one. Drowning doesn't actually happen the way it's portrayed in movies and on TV.
Yes and it was a huge mistake I will never again repeat. There are no second chances.
Oh it gets better. Having not had any success with meeting Mr. Right, she had decided to let her membership lapse while away on a trip. When she returned, she had forgotten that it lapsed while she was away and attempted to login to her account only to discover that she couldn't. The smart people at Matchmaker.com added the number of unread messages to the "Sorry your account has expired" screen so my now wife paid for an extra month to read those messages that came in after she went on her trip but before her account lapsed. We later figured out that I did my lazy search a day or so after she paid for another month. Had some unknown person not contacted her in that critical period between the time she left on her trip and the time her account lapsed, she would not have shown up in my search results at all and we never would have met. Our schedules conflicted to the point where we couldn't meet in person for a month. So we spent that month just talking by phone. This had a wonderful and wholly unexpected side effect. Without all the distraction of physical chemistry, we asked each other all the really important questions (kids, marriage, money, faith, etc.). By the time we met in-person, we already know we were quite compatible. We just needed to find out how we felt in each other's presence. About 2 months after we met online and just 1 month after meeting in-person, we decided to get married. We married 6 months later. We have been happily married for 17 years now and have two wonderful children. Her parents are awesome btw. I couldn't ask for better in-laws.
She is incredibly selfless. Everyone else comes first. I often feel like a selfish bastard as a result which helps make me a better person. In this respect, she is absolutely her mother's daughter. She's smart, creative, demanding and opinionated. Did I mention that her smile is intoxicating? Just before I met her I thought all the good ones were already gone and that I would have to settle. Instead, I feel like I won the marriage lottery. She's not perfect. She's human after all. However, I can't imagine being married to anyone else.
The reality is that unless you're never going to travel again, you're at far greater risk going via any other mode of transportation.
So WHY does there need to be consequences to fucking? I'm glad I've never had to face the decision but I'm certainly not going to force others to have children they don't want to have. Did you know that abortion did not become legal in every US state all at once? It was gradual. Do you know what dropped 18 years after abortion became legal in each state? Crime. Unwanted pregnancies are more likely to result in unwanted children which are more likely to become criminals. It is legal for parents to do all kinds of terrible, life-altering things to their kids but they are not allowed to end a pregnancy at 8 or so weeks?
As is Mel Gibson.
WTF?
And it really doesn't take very long. I didn't floss for years and finally admitted to myself that I was just making excuses. Now I floss every night.
Find a problem you need to solve. If you can't think of one, go find someone who has one and write them an app. You need a project to develop your skills. Start with a small one.
I didn't vote for Trump nor do I support repealing the ACA. Having said that the republicans I have heard talking about it say that keeping the provision of which you speak is one of their goals.
What does being atheist have to do with supporting Trump? If anything, I would expect Trump-supporting atheists to be the fringe of the fringe.
Flesh Gordon when I was 10. Mom took me and my then 12 year old brother. She didn't realize it was basically a soft-core porn. Weird thing is, no one at the theater warned her and we stayed to watch the entire movie.
I generally find atheists to be of above average intelligence and Trump supporters to be just the opposite.
Voters from small states effectively have more voting power in the electoral college than voters from bigger states. Enough rural voters from smaller states voted for Trump allowing him to win the electoral college vote which is the one that matters. Having said that, the electors should have done their job and rejected Trump as obviously unfit. Unfortunately, they all seem to be more loyal to their parties than to the Constitution.
My uncle was in the room with Slotin when that accident happened. He ended up in the hospital with radiation poisoning for 6 weeks. If Slotin hadn't reacted quickly, my uncle and everyone else in that room (and likely hundreds of others) would have died. You can see the accident re-enacted in this clip from the movie, "Fat Man and Little Boy." https://youtu.be/9Zg69OlFOac
Yes, I do. Just as a surgeon must have a medical education and years of supervised experience before they go poking around in your innards, the President must have experience in politics. Trump has no political experience whatsoever. He was never a senator, a governor, a mayor or even a city councilman. He was never a military leader who had to interact constantly with political leaders. For such a person to be President is the equivalent of someone being a surgeon without a background in medicine. Regardless of our opinions of their policy positions, Hillary Clinton, while being a deeply-flawed candidate, is unquestionably fit. She has a law degree, has been a senator and the Secretary of State not to mention having spent her entire adult life in politics. If the electors had done the job that Alexander Hamilton described in essay 68 of the Federalist Papers, they would have concluded that Trump was clearly unfit and elected Clinton instead. The purpose of the Electoral College is to double-check the popular vote. It's to make sure that the populous doesn't choose an unfit candidate. That's their entire job. The majority of voters voted for Clinton. Add to that the fact that by ANY reasonable definition Trump is so clearly unfit, the Electoral College failed us 100% by choosing to be loyal to their party rather than to the Constitution. I wrote to the electors in my state. All said they would vote as their state did. One, however, said he had read and respects essay 68 of the Federalist Papers but doesn't think Trump rises to the level of being unfit. Really? Someone with zero political experience is fit to be the leader of the free world? Such a person is fit to be the most powerful person on the planet? If that's true, just how awful would someone have to be to be considered unfit? What would it take to be unfit if zero political experience doesn't qualify? No, I can't see any rational person agreeing that a person with zero political experience is fit to be the President of the United States.
It is. It read the Parental Guide section of it on IMDB. It's clearly R-rated.
I don't know what it sounds like if it makes any sound at all. I will tell you this though: my other uncle told me that despite what the math said, there were some who thought the bomb would ignite the atmosphere and burn the entire planet to a cinder. My uncle said, "We knew what the math told us but OTOH, no one had ever set off a nuclear bomb before."
Clearly in writing essay 68, Alexander Hamilton believed that electors would be able to determine fitness since no objective standard for fitness was provided. So is there an objective way to determine fitness for most jobs? Yes. With no experience in surgery or managing other doctors, is doctor newly graduated from medical school fit to be Chief of Surgery at a large hospital? No. With no experience flying a plane, am I objectively fit to fly one? Of course not. With no background in law, is my wife fit to defend in court someone accused of a crime? Absolutely not. Is a person with no background in law nor any experience as a military command, senator, congressman, governor, mayor, or city councilman fit to be President, the most powerful and influential position on Earth? I think the answer is objectively no.
Unfortunately, no. :)
It makes me feel like my tax dollars are being wasted incarcerating people who shouldn't be and few prisoners are actually being reformed at all given that the recidivism rate is 65%. Crime should be treated as a mental disorder. That means that if you are a threat to the public, you should be locked up not for an arbitrary amount of time but for a short or long a time as it takes for you to be cured. That could be weeks, months, years or for the rest of your life if we can't cure you. It also requires that we actually treat you rather than throw you in a prison and expect you to improve.
It's nearly unbelievable that Ken Ham would even ask that question.
You are missing the point. It also states that they are to judge the fitness of the candidate. They did not do that. They simply voted for the candidate that won their parties vote in their state. They never considered Trump's fitness or if they did, their criteria for his fitness is that he's breathing but not much more than that. And I do have objective evidence. Every President we have ever had has had some background in the areas I mentioned and for reasons so obvious my 13 year old son could understand. If Trump was some kind of expert in politics despite having never held office, that would be one thing, but he's not. So he has no relevant knowledge or experience for a position of tremendous power and influence. That such a position requires these things is not subjective.
You don't care but clearly many people DO care for when celebrities speak their opinions, no one would listen.
True and what he was really asking was "Why are you teaching kids that we are the same as all other animals?" The fact is, Nye is NOT teaching that. However, we ARE animals.
I initially supported Bernie and had no plans to support Hillary. However, once the nominees were chosen, as much as I wished it would be otherwise, I recognized that voting for Hillary Clinton was the only rational option. Politics is about compromise which is something you know you've reached when no one is completely happy. I'm just sad that the Electors couldn't do their job and actually judge the fitness of the candidate chosen by the voters. Donald Trump is clearly unfit given that he has no political experience whatsoever. Clinton may be a deeply-flawed candidate but she's spent her entire adult life in politics and thus is clearly fit.
No, they shouldn't. That's how we have ended up with the most unfit President-Elect in history who is using fascist tyrannical tactics and showing the severity of his unfitness with each passing day. We avoid fascist tyrants by having the electoral college double-check the populous. Without that, it was inevitable that Trump or someone like him would come along.
I never said there were any requirements of the candidate themselves other than being natural-born and at least 35. However, the Founding Fathers set the expectation that the electors would judge the fitness of the candidate chosen by the populous and it's quite obvious they are not doing that. They are rubbering stamping a candidate with no particularly relevant experience for the most powerful position in the world. The Founding Fathers left it up to the common sense of the electors and what they have clearly shown is that they have none or are unwilling to use it. You are arguing objectivity. Well, it IS objectively true that a person with no experience at doing a complicated job has a very low probability of success. Not zero, but very low. That would seem to describe a lack of fitness. The more knowledge and experienced a person is at something, the greater the probability of success. Based upon these objective truths, Trump's odds of success are very low which is exactly what the founding fathers were trying to avoid by making it the job of the electors to judge the fitness of the chosen candidate.
So you believe Trump IS fit then?
You did not choose your genes nor your early childhood experiences yet these greatly impacted your early decisions and all that came after them as a result so where is the free will in that? We all have thoughts that pop into our heads without an obvious reason. Where is the free will in that? If you think about how the brain works, it doesn't seem possible to have free will at all. There would have to be a you that is separate from your brain and that puts us into the realm of the supernatural.
Principles only mean something if you stand by them when it's inconvenient.
Having watched my wife give birth twice in a hospital surrounded by people, I can't imagine what it must have been like alone. You must have been scared out of your mind that something would go wrong, correct? What happened?
Clearly I haven't proved it to your satisfaction. However, anyone with common sense who is willing to look at Trump objectively can see he's unfit.
Indeed. My problem with religion is that it's irrational. I understand why people believe. They believe because they want answers to as yet unanswerable questions. For me, satisfying that desire doesn't work if I know the answers are make believe. We make the best possible decisions with as complete and true information as we can get because that's what lines up with reality. Religion flies in the face of that.
That's great to hear. We had planned on a natural birth but she came early and after 19 hours of labor, the doctor said an epidural would help. It did the trick but we were trying to avoid all that. Glad you're a worked out so well.
No, it's common sense. Every job has requirements even if they aren't specified. The job of the POTUS is the most powerful in the world and is highly complex. Having some experience in politics is obvious. Trump has none. That by itself makes him unfit.
Thank you. I believe she came early because she was breach (she turned early then turned again) and we had a successful version which I think weakened the amniotic sack and which resulted in my wife's water breaking 10 days early. The version was described to us as the most painful thing a person can go through and my wife did it without pain meds to the utter shock of the two doctors. She was clearly in a lot of pain but never asked for the pain meds. A few months later she told me that she was in so much pain, she couldn't open her mouth to ask for them. Yikes! With our second, he was only a day early but she caved in to the pain pretty quickly (despite my coaching) and demanded the epidural. It's her call of course.
A note that says "Buy as much Apple stock as you possible can. "
Correct. There's no set criteria. However, essay 68 clearly indicates that the electors are supposed to judge the fitness of the choice of the populous. While it doesn't specify how they should do this, it does specify that they should. I would hope that common sense itself would be enough and I'm sure that was the hope of the Founding Fathers. Common sense dictates that for complex jobs, experience is a necessity. Trump has none. If the GOP electors did in fact judge him fit, what exactly would it take for someone to be judged unfit? I'm trying to imagine the person that is just barely this side of fit based upon Trump as an example of fitness and wonder how much worse it could be.
We can't.
I have been assessing your ability to reason logically and determining the degree to which you have common sense rather than sticking to a black and white interpretation which was never the intent of our Founding Fathers.
So you wish to make it such that a person can only say they were raped if they have incontrovertible proof before they make their claim otherwise, what, be punished?
Marrying my wife.
He can't deliver because he's making promises he can't possibly deliver on.
What would such evidence look like? This is the reason we have courts and the presumption of innocence: to find the truth.
Exactly.
You're assuming a girl is always the victim and a guy is always the rapist. That's not the case every time. Regardless, we can't have a system where people are afraid to report crimes in case it's turned against them. If there was insufficient evidence to prove the case, the accused would go free. However, that doesn't mean the alleged victim is lying. That itself would be a crime for which there would also need to be sufficient evidence.
Despite his resignation, Nixon was well regarded as an elder statesman and visited with many heads of state, wrote, gave speeches, etc. I cannot see Trump garnering any respect at all.
Yep.
I recently read an article that said elephants can tell the difference (from experience) between the language of those who are likely to do them harm and those that are not. They are very smart animals.
Rick Perry is arguably the best of them all. /s Here's a guy who couldn't score better than a C in math and science in college, who (in the republican primary) wanted to eliminate the Department of Energy but couldn't remember that during the debate, and who will be replacing a man with a PhD in nuclear physics from Stanford. What a fucking joke.
What do you mean? He got C's in math and science in college!
Agreed. Most of the rest of the world sees Trump for who he really is.
He's going to be missed especially in comparison to Trump.
I find this stuff interesting and I'm glad you're so open to discussing it. Let me first say that I hope you are exactly right. I hope that death is not the end and that we experience lifetimes over and over again, each one as something or someone new. It's an attractive idea to be sure. Having said that, what makes you belief this if there's no evidence to support it? How it is not simply believing what is comforting to believe? You say you've had "direct experience". Can you elaborate on that?
My SO tried to convince me she'd done so porn during college but she hadn't thought the lie all the way through. As it turned out, there actually was a porn star with her name but it wasn't her.
It was pretty awesome.
I don't think it can. Marriages are based upon romantic love. They require other things too. But without romantic love, it's a marriage in name only.
Apparently, it means everything. The electors all voted for the person that won their state by popular vote rather than ask themselves (as Alexander Hamilton wished it), "Is this person fit to be President?" Had they done that and were more loyal to the process than to their political party, Trump would never have been President-Elect.
He's an incredibly brave person who obviously loves his wife deeply and couldn't live without her.
Can you imagine Bernie Sanders as President and Al Franken as VP? What a team they would have been!
That's a sweeping generalization. Bernie doesn't think ANY of those things. When an organization of any kind (private or government) is not keeping its promises or not abiding by the law, Bernie takes notice.
Fair enough but they were an extremely small percentage. In my state, one elector told me that he respects Hamilton's message about fitness in essay 68 of the Federalist Papers but doesn't believe that Trump rises to the level of being unfit. Really? How bad does someone have to be then to be unfit if Trump isn't? What's the criteria? How low does the bar go?
It does matter. However, when the constitution was written, the Founding Fathers needed to address the concerns of the sparsely-populated southern states who feared that the North would be able to make all the decisions. Thus we have a Congress that provides population-based representation in the House and state-based in the Senate. The Electoral College provides an elector for each member of Congress and thus smaller states have a disproportionately large vote in both Congress and the Electoral College. That made sense when the Constitution was written because the economies of the southern states were highly agricultural and those of the North were not. States are far more diverse now than they were back then. Unfortunately (or fortunately), changing the Constitution is very difficult by design. So yes, the popular vote matters and it matters a lot. The electors are supposed to double-check the popular vote and make sure we don't end up with an unfit person as president. Unfortunately, the electors either disregarded this, didn't even think about it, or truly believe that Trump is fit. For those that believe the latter, I have to wonder what someone they believe to be unfit would look like.
True and perhaps a southern as well given that Sanders is from northeast. Still, the two of them would make a good team.
I agree that, since no criteria was specified, they use their own judgement. I think most of them are simply loyal to their party and didn't give Trump's lack of fitness a single thought. Trump will almost certainly be a complete failure. I had hoped he would rise to the occasion but given his cabinet choices, that hope has faded. He will almost certainly end up going down in history as the worst US President, at least, up to this point.
You might want to check out [Xojo](http://www.xojo.com). It's got a shell class and all the GUI support you need so it would be pretty easy to build your own custom Terminal app.
Crime rates have been falling for quite sometime. And for all their bitching about abortion, approximately 18 years after each state legalized it they saw a drop in crime rates. Coincidence?
Overall crime rates have been dropping since 1990. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crime_in_the_United_States
Neglect.
Nor any criteria for fitness. Trump has no political experience whatsoever and yet the electoral college, which is supposed to double-check the candidate selected by the populous, saw him as fit. Imagine how bad a candidate would have to be in order to be considered unfit.
This is a perfect example of why crime needs to treated as a mental disorder. This woman should not be released back into the public until she's been treated for her mental disorders and we are reasonable sure it's safe to do so. Instead, she will spend 15 years in prison getting no treatment and probably be released far worse than she is now.
In theory it does but I think for it to work you can't have the parties appointing electors.
That's how Hitler started.
The bull is officially in the china shop.
Sounds good. I look forward to it.
I'm not sure exactly what point but after having known each other for only two months, we decided to get married. That was almost 18 years ago and we have been quite happily married since then.
What is 6 x 7?
Met my wife.
If they each lived another 70 years, that would be $8500 per year each. Considering you can get this for less than $100 a month (including the phone), it doesn't take much math to realize this can't possibly be true.
Treat other people the way you want to be treated.
I run a software company. We got rid of our office eight years ago and now everyone works from home. We love it.
