This.
Brook. Khan knows he destined to be a gate keeper.Already has 3 losses and has little to no ring IQ, not really a devastating puncher, and has a weak chin. Khan knows Brook and Mayweather beat him. Khan will be a gate keeper this time next year.
If that happened i'll take a pic of me licking my friends face[hopefully]
this isn't that cringe. Would have been cringe if she physically stopped you mid hug and THEN offered to fist bump.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-J7n9mDIGD4 wow... lmaooooo
It's a girl &amp; she would be ok with it. really i'm just looking for an excuse to lick her[pause]
ggg loses to ward &amp; would defeat floyd due to the size. Ward is the most complete fighter after Floyd, i'd say ward is 95 percent of what floyd is. He's a very complete fighter. One thing Ward can do that floyd usually doesnt or cant is "maul" opponents. Floyd and ward have inside games. Elite elite elite fighters usually are very very good at all phases of fightinng. Long range, mid range and short/insidie
prime for prime i'd favor ward hopkins. Quicker, better ring IQ, more willing to maul his opponents. I think a more correct statement would be like Andre Ward is Bernard Hopkins 2.0/Upgraded Edition
She looks like john elway in a wig with a spray tan. Cotdam
Yeah but they're your friends so it says a lot about you too homie. I hate people who say shit like "omg i'm getting tired of my friend posting racist shit'. Point 1.) Why are they even still your friend then?
I think so. Look at boston dynamics. there robots seem leaps and bounds ore advanced. For example. Can't their robots catch and balance themselves like animals when their falling to re-gain their balance?
his resume ist. He lost most of his big fights. That's like putting a job you didnt get and adding it as part of your resume.
Yep...That part where he dodged a trout flurry was awesome. you know a good place I can find good quality of may-pac and rigo-amagasa
I feel like a dumbass...I was wondering 'Who the fuck is noir and why is their list so good compared to the others....then it dawned on me.
garcia, After facing Matthysse all punches from algieri will feel like little fluffs of heaven
post pics
sarcasm
I have a question. Are the boston dynamics robots better than the ones in the darpachallenge? Cause it seems their robot are immensely more fluid. one thing i don't get is that BD had their robots mimick human motion or animals to a tee with "joints" so they could balance themselves? If BD entered a challenged with their personally designed robot. Could they win?
I feel srr would have defeated taylor easy
black and I love koth....also I really hated john redcorn
Who is masyweather?
I know the feeling..i respect tyler for this. I had a female friend like this...you always try to support them...but she was a downer like literally all of the time...even when it came to herself.People like that can just kill your mood for the whole day.
I hope this guy moves up and ends up fighting ward,froch,or some other guy that will pummel him
was talking about the son of the great one. well technically 175 is up from 172 CW. i just want to see him get k.o'd more. I refuse to call him by his fathers name.
lmao. Fool look like he on death row
well Expect a slaughter
Lmaooooo
...he always has...only people on the net act as if ggg is a bigger name
i've been playing halo since it came out.. I liked Halo odst's the best...it just sounds so sad though.
ice cube and pac were brutal with their messages. using metaphors doesn't make your raps any deeper. Pac wasn't much for metaphors but he had some of the deepest music i've heard.
hahahaha
He doesn't need to change trainers. He just doesn't listen to them. they give him solid advice and told him to let his hands go vs porter and he just ignored them.
hagler would replicate what margarito would do except he was much quicker[don't be fooled, hagler had great speed in his prime] Plus he could fight lefty with the best of him...I think hagler would tko sergio and ggg.
I think he has a solid defense. When he wants too..I think he doesn't respect his opponents power so just neglects it. In some fights you can see him bob his head and shoulder roll out to avoid punches.
street fighter III: Third strike
are you serious? LOL
calling hopkins the slickest boxer of all time is a mega stretch. I agree that it's a silly notion that kovalev can't box though.
meet me outside pussy
Lmaoooo
this...they're like my least favorite wild life.
me either...first fight was a wash...shit was like 117-111 for porter lol
I feel as if he's completely overrated
upvoted...tyson is overrated to shit. his style of bobbing and weaving was only meant for the first few rounds. If he couldnt get you out of there early he had a hard time. His head movement would stop, his jab would stop and he became a lot easier to hit. I wish i could send vitali back in time to put a beating on mike tyson. And people think he could beat a prime ali or a larry holmes.
umvc3 isn't canon. Gill,Akuma,Oro,Gouken are by far and away the strongest character in the street fighter universe.
.....I wish I could give you gold
Cotto with roach loases worse. I actually think trying to come out blazing against floyd is a bad strategy now..I say you need to have a high tempo yet controlled pace. Cause while you're coming out hot, floyd is hitting you to the body and taking away your energy. Than come round 5 you're tired and floyd just jumps all over you with right hands. If they fight again I think floyd knocks cotto down with an uppercut
will people quit with this..he wasnt going to knock bradley out. Vargas was overrated as shit anyway.
this is a private company...not NASA who was handed a blank check from the government
I guess Pacquiao,Alvarez,Cotto,Mosley, Chino were the easiest fights he could make at the time? ...
at 154 nobody crushes floyd. get the fuck out of here. I bet you were one of them lame ass dudes saying floyd would never fight Pacquiao. If he beats golovkin whose the boogiean you have to beat floyd after him?
arum ducked floyd. He and the hbo team knew floyd would win. They talk about pacquiao beating floyd but when the fight was official and they were asked who they picked. Most if not all picked floyd to win.
FLoyds prime was 135...he defeats pacquiao 10/10
oh well. he lost. plus floyd looked faster regardless
Nah but he's up there...he can fight on the outside, mid range, and inside and brawl..him &amp; floyd are the most versatile boxers on the planet at the moment IMO. Floyd edges him out though.
LMAO
that's what I dont get either. He attacks the body the head, hell sometimes he gets off balanced and gets knocked down. He's one of the more entertaining fighters. Which shows that he's came a long way..where as lara never ever really targets the body.[As head punching is more encouraged]
"Bill Bellichick has announced that automated drones will take the field against the Miami Dolphins"
Bold Pick: Jets.
are you serious? Rice is better than Marv, sure. But to say Marv is not in Rice's league?
Jerry Jones does a lot of things...underpaying players and treating them like crap isn't one of them.
hahaha
I didn't know the Patriots still would have a bye if Them,the broncos and bengals all went 12-4.
Ah yes..Kirk Cousins the crip killer.
"i think every one should get their own personalized animorphs book cuz i wanna be onion rings" -boothmath Sound like it's run by a 13 year old white girl with ADHD.
haha hell yeah man nothing more funny than watching an alcoholic drug addict destroy himself!
this is why reading is fundamental.
Oh I'm well aware of that. I've been known for years that he's done that shit[definitely don't approve of it] as i've been following spacex since like 09 ish. I just thought he would have done something worse..although abusing workers is really up there. Also I know for their field of work they're sort of underpaid as far as other companies go and government companies that do a similar line of work.
.....
How are we goin to talk about a rocket that's vaporware? They announced the Falcon Heavy about half a decade ago and it's still nowhere to be found. Yet you expect us to believe a rocket using a different set of engines, of an immense size..when the last time a rocket of that size of built it was by the government throwing their money at NASA and even then it sort of took time. I wouldn't count on the BFR just yet.
they changed when NE defenders mugged Peyton Mannings receivers.
we went 12-4 a year ago and more than likely would have had a similar or better record if not for injuries.
yeah,i'd much rather have RG3.
I think his shitty qb performance has to deal with him having such a short recovery time, similar to last year. Even when tony romo has an off game[when he isn't injured] he doesn't play that much like shit.
not to shit on Packers fans but favre is pretty overrated.
i didn't know people rated him that highly. He was solid, which was what we needed. Roger Staubach however..
brady still has a cannon.
Wouldn't surprise me if they said this and played brock for schematic reasons now that I think about it.
As a cowboys fan I have no fucking idea why we let Moore go at all.
true. Although I find his other videos a lot more interesting than his football ones. I.e: His videos about porn, just discussing regular shit. Cause they're funny as fuck. Not that his NFL videos aren't funny, but they're that much funnier IMO
Rise up!
who could forget the kurt angle inspired ankle lock he tried on cam...fuck that guy.
I'm not even a vikings fan but fuck Walsh. I ca understand missing a 40 yard plus fieldgoal in those temperatures but he literally missed a fucking old school extra point basically. No fan base deserves shit like that to happen. I'm sorry but I would want him cut.
What a piece of shit.
Holy fuck man this dude is way worse than Suh. From the ken shamrock ankle locks, to dirty hits, to this.
My guess is he doesn't play.
I'm not going to lie. I was in denial, but you guys have a very good defense. Good front 7 and a good secondary
True enough.
this is the afc.
the saints won 4 full years after Katrina. Katrina happened in Aug 2005, the Saints won the Bowl in Feb 2009, that's four and a half years later. Also even around that time the saints were a potential playoff team.
"Here we are on this lovely day to watch the Carolina Panthers take on the government funded team, give all of your applause to! THe AREA 51 Centennials! "
Because i'm sure like any other president...or leader of any country..he values the lives of his own citizens over the lives of people of other countries. Not to mention a bajllion of different circumstances surrounding the deaths.
hahaha
mad at people for trying to be friendly..yikes
It would be like moving from Detroit Michigan to Flint Michigan.
Are you fucking kidding? The patriots when healthy are easily one of the best teams in the league. They have the most underrated defense left in the playoffs.
No. Drake is a great artist but man they would have hoed him at Death Row.
Patriots outside of an anomaly are a sure thing to get into the playoffs.
How many teams have an o-line as good as us?
No way is the NE line better than ours, even when fully healthy. If Belicheck had to literally punch brady as hard as he could in the mouth without telling him it meant he could get our offensive lineman he'd do it in a heartbeat. Twice if brady questioned him about it.
cause he said he thought he was faking.
you guys went to the superbowl the next year and got blew out. Get over it.
This shit is garbage. Dude look like an african american conehead.
Texans if they made it impossible to support the new team.
i had just got off of work......il take my downvotes :( i was so tired.
Love Lacy but man being that fat and out of shape is fucking tacky.
Could have been the NFCE if not for the sorry ass eagles.
I hope Patriots win so Steven Jackson can get a ring.
they won 3 superbowls in a four year period..that's a dynasty.
In the world you find out it's not about what you deserve. It's what you earn.
Yeah but that's why i'm me and you're you. I want Jackson to get one more than Fitz. That's how I feel.
Please don't draft this big slow fuck.
Calvin Johnson is better than AB easily. Calvin Johnson is 6'5, ran a fucking 4.3. For how great AB is; and he is great. You can't teach someone to be 6'5.
Sanders maybe? But for DT I disagre heavily. He's one of the best YAC receivers in the league; he is immensely difficult to tackle[neutral fan ;cowboys]
I don't get why teams don't do this. Just draft O-line heavy, and Dline heavy and you have yourself a contender. Even the most mediocre qb's will find an open guy given enough time to throw.
its all fun and games until the weird student who digs boogers gets the first plate.
Damn man..it's surreal going to the Rams subreddit and seeing the "Los Angeles Rams"
Chief keef is way more profane than wayne. If most people on here knew what he meant when he says he's smoking tooka or jojo they'd understand. Drill artist take disrespect to and profanity to the next level.
What the fuck is google ultron
he is right, you guys are tied.
People really don't know that Ty Law was partially a reason for the increase of enforcement in contact rules on the defense. We all joke about tom brady owning ty man. But Back when I used to really hate the patriots; everybody would wanna be ty law playing defense. Dude was a beast. If Tom Brady is Peyton Mannings rival than Ty Law is his big brother kicking his sandcastle over.
man.. lmao you know how many times i've heard girls say they don't like black dudes and then i turn around and see them talking to one?
By talking to I mean like going out/hanging out/dating/ not literally just talking.
Wow...simms sound so much better :(
FUCKING THANK YOU!. I watched Moss while he was prime and everytime you got caught on people would say you got "mossed". For some reason most people here act like Moss was scratching his butt and sniffing it whenever a play that didn't go his way was called.
You guys are having a great civil argument but let me chime in. I grew up watching both Edge, and Dillon. Both very good RBS but Dillon was definitely the better back than Edge man; by a decent margin. When Dillon went to the Patriots everybody was like "oh shit" pretty much.
Seriously. You have Joe Montana;Steve Young, and Rich Gannon[for his mvp season] throwing to you; that's insane. To put that In todays perspective. Imagine if a Receiver had a Brady] who was then replaced by a Aaron Rodgers.
If you guys lose to zombie peyton that's sad.
That shouldn't be a 15 yard penalty..wtf lol
I'm sorry but that offensive line WAS that bad. It seemed like every play the line caved in; and ever other play ware or miller basically got a free rush. I've watched a lot of Patriots game and this has to be one of the most i've seen him under pressure. People talk about the Giants in the superbowl but they weren't nearly as bad. Credit to the Denver d; they're fucking amazing.
Seriously. If not for that stupid eagles game you guys more than likely go 13-3 or 14-2 and get HFA throughout.
Aww man I know you guys don't like him but lay off of him. He played okay, he's a hurt injured old man that's about to retire. He played WELL above expectation; give him credit where credit is due.
Downvote incoming I don't care. I think the 03-04 Patriots team would have beat the 2007 Patriots by at least 10. Patriots had a VERY one dimensional offense. The patriots defense those two years were amazing;and they went 14-2 in back to back years. If the 2007 giants terrorized them i think the earlier version of that team would have beat them.
Why do people leave out Steve Young ? I would pick Brady,Montana, Steve Young and I know this is a bit soon; but Aaron Rodgers over him as well.
Not really dude lol Brady isn't that petty.
yep, my mistake. Forgot.
their lack of oline helped a lot
This 2015 Carolina team is way more well rounded than that 2013 broncos team.
Defense: Lawrence Taylor Offense:Tyron Smith.
It's a shallow record because you guys were getting blown the out. It's not like Deion Branch's record in his superbowl MVP performance. Where he did it in a close victory.
Oh shut up! Did you complain last year in the playoffs when Dez and Twill were celebrating after catching touchdown passes? I doubt it you old fart.
Sherman sort of did when he said Peyton Mannings ducks would be ripe for the picking.
Lmao..I usually hate leaving comments that just contain Lol cause it doesn't contribute; but this made me laugh out loud. Good job sir.
He bought a stolen laptop
Not good...we need competition. Without a rival to compete against and to out do..competition can stall.
Top three for me would be Brady,Montana,Steve Young[very underrated]
I never did watch that game. I overslept ; looked at ESPN and just seen we lost 34-3. How/why did we lose the game so bad? Did romo play poorly?
Such a shame..that team was pretty damned good and we went out with a wimper.
Eagles fans in here with a christmas list.
I never really realized how weird this shit looks...it's brilliant. Great video man. Your videos are definitely welcome here!
LMAO y'all seen this shit? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D06zrnWfsMQ
damn dawg
One thing that seperates trap[and makes it better] than drill is the charisma/swag that most trap rappers have...compare Waka and Slim Dunkin to any drill rapper. This is fucking hilarious
What in the fuck? Rances Barthelemy vs Mickey Bey..that's a good fight I didn't know had any idea of happening.
I don't hate any fighter. But if I saw Don King I'd probably tell him to fuck off.
They could be. A lot of them are just lazy. It is what it is.
idk how I feel about this..
DON DEMARCO. All jokes aside R.I.P to Ali. Today has been a bummer
Gucci mane was probably coming up and down off of opiates and talking out his ass.
basically trap except with worse rappers.
Great fighter but overrated. Undersized for a heavyweight at 5'9-5'10. Peekaboo style is basically something you do to fight in spurts. It's not something you can keep up the whole fight. Which is why he gassed easily. Overall he was great but is definitely not a top 10 heavyweight.
I teared up when he said "none..there was only one". Hearing his voice crack while he said that made me tear up like a baby :(
People like this are annoying. ole "hey everybody look at me now" ass nigga
They don't try him because they know they'd get shtited on. Please let's not act like he couldn't destroy people on records. His flow,punch lines, charisma, delivery is what makes him a master battle rap/beef champ
I voted for Bernie Sanders you goofy. Not because I agree with everything he says[not even close] But Hilary ,and Trump..and the republican D league team pretty much made it an easy choice, plus I feel more bernie support would move the inevitable Hilary presidency to the left at least.
even when he was first introduced that trope is still an old one that has been around for a while.
lol Nintendo would always brag about how strong their machines were and talk about graphics.. now that they've been outdone they try to make it like they never cared about graphics in the first place.
We could just make another sub free of porn and sponsor them under that name.
Man.. I love fury but sometimes hearing him talk about how he doesn't care is depressing. I'm sure it's a mixture of both genuine emotion and mind games. I would play people in games, lose, and beat them..and nothing got to me more than them showing that they didn't care.
I honestly feel comebacks shouldn't be posted if the person doesn't end up winning the set. It just seems weird.
Dude, Drake is who he is and as big as he is because he doesn't make controversial..that statement isn't controversial at all. He's not an artist that is going to speak about real problems in the inner city, he's just a guy who raps about love and other stuff, nothing wrong with that..but drake is probably the safest hip hop artist there is to listen to.
Should have clicked the link and seen a non flexible nigga and knew it wasn't young thug.
Speaking of which..his blue 22 freestyle was flames.. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kPsTv4-fjA4
No offense but if Ffrazier/Foreman/Norton had to fight Ali they get sweeped, EASILY. He was pretty much Roy Jones as a heavyweight.
Wowww that was amazing. I've been fucking with Jamie Foxx since in living color and his Jamie Foxx show...glad he's doing great in the acting world. That was an amazing world he created with words.
It's laugh at because people will listen to a rap song, hear abou the crime, shitty conditions that a lot of black americans, and the violence...not give a fuck. But hear a woman get called a bitch and whine about it when they don't complain about everything I said before hand. It looks like you don't give a fuck about us so therefore hip hop won't give a fuck about how you feel. Not saying it's right or wrong that's just how it is. And Don't act like Asians are some beacon of friendship to black people either.
Dang this is the sixth launch this year. Great to see spacex is really upping the pace.
I just seen it. DOH
I was always sort of off and on for boxing..but what really really got me back into it was..I was watching HBO classics that would show old fights.. and Pernell vs Buddy Mcgirt was on..
Tyson Fury is oddly handsome. Great video too. As someone who really stop paying attention to the inner-workings of the heavyweight division outside of Wlad, this was helpful.
Pigs are amazing animals. Smart, can be trained as pets..but they taste too damned good.
Justice League and most of the people in it are well known producers. Not everybody that says something bad about your favorite rapper is a hater.
Man... Waka Flocka is a mixture of ATL trap and gritty NY shit on the LOX side of the game...I fucks with it hard. Let's get flocka rapping over some gritty beats produced by the Alchemist..he really has a great voice for both sides of rap[Trap and actual bars] And he's a great dude; can't do anything but root for waka. Compare the video to this. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wZ9gzp1AL88 [which still goes hard btw, just note the disparity in lyrical ability] Damn I sound like a nerd. Canibus4lyfe
That's what side chicks are for man.
The damage scaling in this game is so shitty, great match though.
lmao you a hoe for that but thats funny.
All jokes aside not trying to troll. I hardly watch NBA and i'm pretty new to it. Is Curry even the best person on his team?
He's from Ohio, is pretty much seen as a local kid and view it as home.
I don't think anybody calls them "chokers" In NFL one game can go either way easily. In the NBA there's a series in which the better team usually wins. Plus they barely beat the giants in the regular season. This was a way worse choke than that.
Lmao. You dirty dog
Dabbing was always seen as a joke... the hit dem folks[which people call the dab even though it's not] was actually cool.
LMAO it's not funny..well it is but in a fucked up way. This foo wiped her touch off LMAO.
lmaoooooo is the dude a troll character? I busted out laughing when he said "buck buck buck buck" aww man
Dane cook was flat out awful
Yeah with UGK is a bit different..they aren't from Houston..but they definitely claimed h-town in a lot of their shit and are basically seen as h-town legends.
Yeah. I feel you on that.
Charles Woodson.
....Spinks was a career light heavyweight you fucking idiot!
Greg Hardy arrested for beating up a sex robot.
He isn't really showboating. A lot of times opponents will drop their guard to invite an offense from their opponent.
This fight solidifies both as top welterweights for me. Shawn with a great chin and Thurman would smarts and skills[although both display them] When you fight the best and lose, it's not a big deal if you lose. Shawn Porter definitely has a good future ahead of him, as does Keith. Keith should definitely be top 7 p4p after this victory.
