Twist and Shout - Beatles
Sushi. I don't see the point in it.
"Who was your favorite teacher?"
There is no being named Satan. Satanists are pure atheists. There are no supreme beings. Nature is indifferent to us. The closest thing to a god in our universe is ourselves. You are at the center of your own universe, and you have the power to change it.
I had exactly that happen. I won a $500 gift card in a golf tournament. It was to a very high end men's clothing store. Forget it. The suits started in the thousands. I managed to spend it on a pair of pants and some Ray Ban sunglasses.
Smoked cigarettes. Not long ago I quit for the same reason. Smoking continues to make you look older.
Toby from The Office.
Skipped Chris's funeral. Everybody did. She was a weird, unattractive, unpopular girl who few even noticed. She had a heart attack in gym class at 13. It was shocking to have a classmate die, but few were broken up by it because nobody really knew her. I don't know that a single classmate attended her funeral. This had to hurt her parents, and that never occurred to me until I became a parent myself. I wish I could go back and attend it, and encourage others to join me.
Your girlfriend is rotten to the Corps.
Joe Pesci - Goodfellas
One of the Flanders boys?
30Rock. I will get a joke on the fifth viewing that I didn't even hear on the first four.
That's called "Vaguebooking." A cry for attention.
That's the little wet spot.
President Bush vomiting on the Prime Minister of Japan.
Usain Bolt winning the Olympic gold in the 100 M is the best athletic performance I've ever seen.
I have a very particular set of skills, skills I have acquired over a very long career.
There was an undertaker in southern USA that was raided, and hundreds of bodies that should have been cremated were thrown out in the woods behind his business. It was a shocking story, but it broke on or about 9/8/01 - and was hugely overshadowed a few days later.
I can play the drums.
Is Saturday Night Live popular? Either way, I just don't have the patience for it.
I already regret throwing away my first cell phone. Mid 80's from Radio Shack. Picture a car battery with a handset on it.
Tobias Funke?
Somehow it's OK to throw around the word "idiot," even though clinically that falls below "retarded" in the spectrum. Next step down is "moron," and that gets used with impunity too.
Eaten sushi. I'd try it if it was put in front of me, but otherwise the rawness doesn't appeal to me.
TIFU by invading and trashing Kuwait.
What about if they gave you their garbage email? The one that gets tons of ads every day because they use it for purchases and such. I was dating a woman who I sensed gave me that address and didn't like it. I couldn't be trusted with her good one?
People controlling their own cars at high speeds on highways, rather than a computer driving it.
I hate the "you choose to be happy or sad" nonsense. Tell that to a slave, or an ISIS victim.
Archer. I saw it referenced somewhere and recorded an episode. Now I can't stop, and even 3rd or 4th viewings of the same episode brings new laughs.
Drinking the milk of other species, after we're done weaning. We're the only mammal on Earth that does this. A subway rat would find it disgusting.
If you wanted to quit smoking, but still stick something in your mouth - your choice was lollipops or toothpicks. Thank you inventor of the e-cig!
It was in my 20's when I started noticing people in authority looking too young for that job. Teachers, police officers, etc.
Switching to high beam headlights. The switch used to be on the floor. It was easy to use, and hard to hit by mistake. The turn signal lever did not need this additional function.
That was around when they started changing. Mid 70's and earlier were all on the floor that I saw.
Cheating on your spouse is life changing, and almost always for the worse in the long run.
Thank you! For 3 years, I've never known how people did all those things.
Van Dyke?...Clark?...Nixon? None of them?
10 great stories...50 amusing anecdotes....200 well timed puns....and 5000 comments that nobody gave a rat's ass about.
Donald Trump said that Sen John McCain is no war hero, because he got caught and imprisoned. He's said many outrageous things since then - but I think this is where it all started.
Just because it's in a fancy meme doesn't mean it's true.
Donuts!
You sharted in the pair you showed up in.
This is brilliant. You don't have to peel their whole hand away, just part of it. I shall remember this.
Nuclear fission, even in the simplest of terms.
A ride to the airport. My boss once called me at 11 PM to pick him up. I told him to grab a cab, save the receipt, and I'll pay it in the morning. He got my point, and apologized for even asking.
My smallest one was barely bigger than a car remote. I miss that size - but I sure don't miss texting with the numbers.
Ask if they ever peed in the pool. If they say yes, they're a pig. If no, they're a liar.
As a kid, I once stepped out of my house and saw a man carrying an oak tree that was at least 100 years old and 100 feet tall. I could see it had just been cut from it's stump, and even though his arms couldn't nearly encircle it, there he was slowly walking along with it. Then I realized that out of vision was a crane holding it from the top, and he was simply guiding it. Then they went on to cut it apart from the bottom up. But for those 10 seconds, I thought I was seeing some kind of superpower.
"The Movie Was Better"
It's not just pinup girls showing side-boob anymore.
We lived in an old colonial, and there was a closet for coats near the front door. The back wall of that closet stopped about 2' short of the floor, and if you crawled under it, it opened up into the space below the stairs. I was the only one who would go back there, so it was my private space. I listened to my record player in there.
And even the very best have to endure a lot of bad sets in order to come up with the polished one you saw on HBO. It's constant trial and error. The pain of jokes, or even an entire set falling flat is something few people could handle.
Arrogance. Whether they're a have or a have-not makes no difference.
Can I have your name....address....phone number....blood type..... Radio Shack never got any of that out of me!
So true. There were only about 5 websites up at the beginning of the decade.
I'm going to be 70 in only 12 years.
I remember talking outside with a few neighbors about a particular movie, and one of them went inside and came back out with a review of the movie and it's playing times all printed out. That was the first thing I ever saw pulled from the internet, and I knew I needed to get online.
My college Biology final was multiple choice, all the answers came from a labeled diagram of the body. I heard the girl sitting at 10 O'Clock snicker, and when I looked her way I saw her column of answers spelled out "Merry Christmas" I quickly changed what would have been about a C into an easy A.
Continue the fight after being shot in the shoulder.
Scott's Tots.
Hazel Wassername on 30Rock. She seemed like an unnecessary character being jammed into the show, and then I realized that's what the character was doing on TGS. Putting herself in the middle of everything.
Reading under a dim light. That strains your eyes no more than quiet music strains your ears.
Latrina.
If you think Obama is the worst president in US history, you don't know your US history.
This is why we shouldn't elect people who were born on other continents, and then show fake ID.
I only recently learned that Pres McKinley was essentially bought and put there by the reigning industrialists of the time. Rockefeller, Carnegie, and J P Morgan. He did exactly what they wanted him to do, which was keep the federal government out of their businesses. Labor laws, workplace safety, anti-trust violations...none of that got any attention until he was out of office.
The first hand hold makes my heart pitter patter more than the first kiss does. I happen to be in a new relationship where we haven't done it yet. Saturday is Date #3. I might be getting some hand.
"Your test results came back positive."
The health benefits of Shakeology, and the financial freedom attained by selling it to your friends.
Is strawberries and whipped cream healthy?
Bed bugs. They don't play fair, like mosquitoes. They know when a human is sleeping by their breathing pattern, and that's when the feast begins. But first they inject you with a numbing agent, so you'll never catch them in the act. The itching begins long after they're gone on a full belly.
The Twizzlers keep the kid employed. The typical theater breaks even on ticket sales, at best. Every film they commit to is a gamble, and they lose money as often as earn it. The concessions is their profit, that goes to more places than the owner's pocket.
Saving money at someone else's expense? At the grocery store, that's called shoplifting. Brag away.
And wave yellow towels at football games.
Virus Attached
It took me a couple weeks to figure out I had them too. I was buying moisturizers for what I thought was a dry skin problem. Then I noticed some bites. So the next time I woke up in the middle of the night, I jumped up and turned on the light. There were about 10 of them on my sheets.
Men tend to say "uh," and women use "um." As we get older, the more likely both sexes are to use "uh."
I would have to have two loaves at all times. His and Hers.
This happens sometimes with people who pull in from a side street. When I'm squeezing in that way, I practically floor it for that first quarter mile so the person behind me doesn't need to brake.
I saw Daniel Tosh call out the "woo girl" right at the beginning of his stand-up. "That girl who just yelled woo the loudest? The guy who brought you wishes he could stick a grenade up your ass and blow you up."
I was really disappointed with a woman I was dating who did this in Target. She changed her mind on the towels in her cart, and just tossed them on top of a clothes rack. She had also made a mess of the towel section while shopping for them. I jokingly criticized her for it, but in reality she dropped quite a few points that day. Selfishness and laziness are unattractive traits.
Is that you Pee Wee?
Stopping right inside the entrance. "Hmm...which way should I go....hmmm."
When an employee argues over a procedure or rule that I insist on. It's not even the matter at hand that bothers me, it's the bigger picture that they're arguing it. In my world, if my employer says that the first minute of every work day is to be spent standing on one foot next to my desk - I either do it, or quit. I don't argue that it's not necessary or stupid. I don't cheat and actually stand on two feet. I get there early to make sure I don't miss the one foot minute.
They never prosecuted because all they had was he said/she said evidence.
Recreational running. I understand the appeal for those who like it, but I never did.
The worst that can happen is you go crashing down in a ball of flaming aluminum and seat cushions.
A witness to Abraham Lincoln's assassination was a contestant on a TV game show.
Samuel Seymour was a 5-year-old in the audience at Ford's Theater that night. In 1956, he appeared on the show, "I've Got A Secret."
My interview for a boiler room job back in the 1980's. I very quickly surmised that they were selling worthless investments. I didn't mind high pressure sales, I had already done it. But this was stealing, and targeting the people who could least afford it.
I like the Polish, "Not my circus, not my monkeys" for "Not my problem."
The fax machine. That miraculous invention changed my life. A few of us splintered off and opened a satellite office for our company, just because we wanted to live on the other side of the country. The fax machine made it no different than being on the other side of the room.
I saw it the best way - from a commercial flight that happened to go right over it. I didn't have to go an inch out of my way, just casually look down.
That would scare the devil out of me.
Dezeeze. Ayds. Kanser. Leprissy. Skervee.
Ahh..it would start with my first cigarette in years.
The national anthem to the country you're in.
The pack mentality. How quickly people jump aboard a movement without questioning it. Social media has made it easier to form a mob than ever before.
Turning down invitations or requests without any excuse. Can you help me move on Saturday? "No." That's it. I don't have to tell you what I'm doing instead, or go on about my sore back - just a simple no.
I just learned the other day that Orville Wright was still alive when the atom bomb was dropped. I wonder about his thoughts on that.
That's why I usually say yes, and it's actually an enjoyable day. I'm referring to when I *can't* do it.
Any time I see a parent lose their temper over youth sports. I've seen a father take a swing at a coach over a rule he didn't agree with in a basketball game for 5-year-olds. In every case, the child is never upset or hardly even cares. It's the parent who goes ballistic.
President Eisenhower has midway through his term, and nobody had ever heard the song "Mack the Knife" yet.
While ordering breakfast. Server: How do you like your eggs? Me: I don't know. I haven't had them yet.
Trench coats to school, ruined by Harris and Klebold.
Bill Gates, or any corporate leader, if I use trickery and a throw away phone. Rob Manfred, the commissioner of ML Baseball, if I just use my name. We were friends years ago.
"Coming up...watch what happens when this poor skateboarder's face meets the bicycle rack!" Um, no thanks. Hand me the remote.
Telling a lie.
My grandma in MN added a "my" to the end of that.
Oy vey.
If you're uncomfortable making a phone call, write down what you want to say. Either hot points, or even sentences you read word for word. What you're afraid is a lapse in your thoughts and an uncomfortable silence, and a cheat sheet prevents that from happening.
I had a woman apologize for taking a call, but it was from her daughter. No problem. But a few minutes later I pretended mine vibrated, and told her we're now even because I had to take a call too. "I'm in the middle of something very important right now and can't talk. You can tell Stockholm that Scrappy Larue is no longer their piggy bank. They can rebuild their own bridges and tunnels. Tell them to raise taxes, or call the Bank of Munich, but I'm out. Good bye." She sat there stunned until I told her I wasn't talking to anybody.
Having more and more friends die. When you're young, it's rare to have one of your peers pass away. By the 50's, about 10% of the people you ever met are dead. 60's, more like 30%. By late 70's, it's over 50%. That rate never stops going up.
Leap out of bed the second the alarm goes off, and beat on my chest like an ape. She's not a morning person.
The most disturbing scene in the film ended up getting cut out, because test audiences found it just too sad. It was Dorothy singing a reprise of Over the Rainbow, but while imprisoned in the witch's tower.
Minors who address adults as Mr/Mrs/Ms until they're told a first name is okay.
Clear the microwave timer. Nobody wants to see "00.06." And why didn't you just set it for six seconds less, anyway?
Raising children.
A man in a suit with a ponytail.
Could you help me get out of a big financial problem?
My partner and I made an $80,000 phone bill go away without too much effort. One whopping lie, and some easily created documentation to back it up. The person in charge of collecting the debt had a soft spot, and we hit it hard. She should have sent it to an outside agency or their legal department, but she didn't. She kept listening, and we wore her down in a week.
Scream! Man, woman, big, small...doesn't matter. If I find myself in a situation I can't physically escape, the first thing I'll do is yell my loudest incessantly. Not only does it attract attention, but I'm unpredictable and not communicating. I've become a terrible target.
Everybody's ambidextrous when it comes to masturbating and nose picking.
Nooses are so last century. So are rafters. A belt and a sturdy doorknob are all you need these days.
Fifty people making hundreds of calls per day at twenty cents per minute. It added up pretty quickly. Carriers let the bills get that high because they were greedy. The markup was high, and they were very slow to disconnect a customer.
"The best argument against democracy is a five minute conversation with the average voter." Winston Churchill
I didn't appreciate them at the time. I just memorized what it took to pass. Now I wish I could go back and repeat every history course I ever took because it's fascinating.
The train tracks are north of you.
Arguing with my wife over whether or not I've seen a particular movie. It's happened more than once. I mention a movie I want to record or rent, she tells me I've already seen it. Neither of us can win that argument, or even agree to disagree.
Mine was 34 years ago tomorrow. I was already thinking about it before seeing this question, because I've been divorced for three years. The ceremony was in a beautiful outdoor setting on a perfect June day, and the large reception was held at an elegant venue on Long Island. Since that time, I've seen our wedding spot in more than one movie, and the reception hall used in a story line on the Sopranos.
They basically strapped themselves to a giant firecracker aimed at the moon.
George Harrison used to throw parties that, no matter how many showed up, he had enough ukulele's for everybody. I sure wish recordings existed from those jams.
If I'm diagnosed with cancer, I won't fight it with anything beyond pain killers. My obituary will not include the phrase "courageous battle."
Cue strings.
I understand that backstories add additional drama, but if it's truly a competition, all that should matter is their ability. The fact they were orphaned at age 5 is irrelevant. Instead, their sad story gives them somewhat of an advantage over those with a more normal upbringing.
Wristcutters, A Love Story.
To control his language around people it might offend, which includes anybody he doesn't know.
A pet reptile of any kind.
Another life after this one, in a happy place, with 107 billion other people who are also on their second life.
If 5K turned into 40K, then 50K would have grown at the exact same rate. It's not the bank's interest rate. It was in treasury bills the whole time.
I'll bet the person who discovered it was also the person who's fault it was for happening, and they covered it up rather than admit the mistake.
A medley of some of the most famous rock piano solo's of all time, followed by a well known classical piece, which led into "Roll Over Beethoven."
A lot of lottery winners fall into this trap. They buy their way into a lifestyle they can never maintain when the well goes dry. Nearly a third of large lottery winners end up declaring bankruptcy.
Experts say that more prisoners break *prior* to torture, rather than during it. The anticipation of torture is the worst torture of all. During torture, subjects tend to either lie, or become even more determined to not give the torturer what they want.
I farted while giving a trampoline demonstration to a college class. About 20 students surrounding the trampoline, all eyes on me, complete silence.
Yes, because what she's giving me becomes less special. I really cared for a woman who had previously spent a few years in the swinger lifestyle with her ex. It bothered me that this beautiful, special gift she was giving to me had also been given to guys that she never knew their name. I also couldn't help but feel I was being compared to others.
All the girls who give me numbers seem to live in the 555 area code.
Stubbornness. It's kept me out of some trouble, but it's also kept me out of some fun.
Every time I slam my knee into the corner of my desk, I'm sure I split it in two this time. Damn you Thomas Jefferson for inventing the swivel chair.
Because the key no longer works either.
I hate how many people don't recognize addiction as a disease. They only see the recreational side of using. "Deny them welfare until they quit." Would they ever suggest this same cure for cancer patients?
A newspaper printed on the day I was born. What makes it almost frightening is the blatant racism and sexism in the classified ads. Particularly in the employment and real estate sections. (1958)
I have a friend who married that 50-something when he was in his 20's. Now he's 50-something, and holy shit.
I was religious because I was raised in it. I'm the grandson of a christian minister. But it's the lack of proof of a god that caught up to me eventually. It's not just weak proof, it's zero proof. The beauty of nature is not proof. What hundreds of people contributed to the bible thousands of years ago is not proof either. It makes no sense that this all knowing all powerful being would not expose itself. If there is an insecure god that demands our obedience, it could do it in five minutes. Take a seat on the moon some night, and you can bet every human will pay attention to what you have to say.
Reagan's two speeches in Japan for $1M a piece immediately after leaving office was very questionable.
Also vaguebooking - sharing just enough information to make suckers curious. "I'm so sad today......"
$30 will maybe get you a lollipop in an Arizona dispensary.
"God damnit! Shut up John Williams!"
Dr Spaceman / 30Rock
They have a long neck because their head is so far from their body.
Because it's an oxymoron.
He never claimed to invent it either. What he does lay claim to is realizing it's future potential long before the world understood what it even was. Before there was ever a website, he addressed Congress and told them that the internet was going to change commerce and how things are done forever.
Found the upper middle class white guy.
An older person would recognize that the OP's comment was the insensitive one, not mine.
Michael Scarn?
The good parking spaces are actually further from the store, not closer. The additional hundred steps you walk take very little time.
I compare it to water.
Steak-umms. Somehow that was a gourmet meal in college.
I only do it to blow off a little steam.
I like smiling and waving to people who honk at me. Pretending it was a friendly honk, rather than the eff-you they intended.
If someone is tailgating me while I'm keeping pace with the car ahead, the only way they'll get me to speed up is to try passing me on the right. Whatever gap was ahead of me will slowly close on them, and now they're stuck in the slower lane.
But there are already laws in place making offensive vehicles, like tanks with operational guns, illegal to purchase.
Mass shootings. I can't think of a place where "it would never happen here."
When I get in the shower, the first thing I clean is the bottom of my feet. I don't have to scrub the bottom of the tub quite as often.
"I blue myself."
Every page prints a little slower than the page before it.
"Want a beer?" (No thank you.) I was an experienced, sought after rep in my industry - so it was a given they would hire me. It was more me interviewing them, and negotiating pay. We had a good talk, and I watched him down three beers in that time. There were other reasons I didn't accept an offer - but the drinking during the interview bothered me. A fun twist to the story was that years later I would hire that same manager who interviewed me as a sales manager at the company I was with. I'm okay with functioning alcoholics below me, but not above.
"Their Old Stuff"
"Try rebooting it."
"I'm not paying what I owe you."
Now I'm wondering if there is a set of four friends out there with those names, and how much fun it is to introduce themselves in that order.
Small college, there was a construction loader parked outside our dorm one night. One of us gets on it and tries to start it with his desk drawer key, and of course it starts right up. Now 10 of us, male and female, are bombing around campus on this thing. It didn't take long for a car to chase us down in a parking lot with his lights flashing, and we shut it down and scattered. It was the head of maintenance. He saw all of us, and we all saw him. But somehow nothing ever came of it. The next day the tractor was back to work like it never happened. That director apparently never mentioned it to any powers that be.
Checking out girls laying by the pool. Is binoculars crossing a line?
She will never love me again, or want me back.
Football (American) I never enjoyed playing it, even as a kid. I don't like all the contact.
But Radio Shack won't.
Airplane Repo. Dumb because I ignore that it's set up in any way.
AOL
I bought quarter pounds, which only gets you free weed and bad grades.
How many people consider suicide.
The left testicle hangs lower than the right on most men. If the right is lower, he's probably left handed.
How crazy. It's acting. It's like not taking a role in Goodfellas because you don't believe in organized crime.
He even blew the punchline. The traditional answer to this hundred year old joke is "Blowjob." Like Bif with "make like a tree and get out of here."
Rob a guy who just got done robbing a bank.
I liked the finale. The plot was weak, but it was a way to parade a bunch of the side characters by who made the show so funny.
The Others
I recommend watching it again, just like the Sixth Sense. The second time through it's a different movie.
I once had this happen at the movie theater. of all places. We were running a little late, and the couple ahead of us was asking the cashier for suggestions what to see. They knew nothing about any movies on the marquee.
I just saw it the other night in Non-Stop. Opening scenes establish that Liam Neeson is a drunk air marshal. It hardly factored into the plot, other than to make him less trustworthy.
Drive for Uber or similar.
