Yep. Two great distractions.
Partially because of how believable it is.
Honestly, it sounds like you didn't do your research.
Accessibility code is pretty fucked. 99% of parking lots have many times more accessible spaces than they need, and 1% of places have nowhere near what they need. It means well, but has almost zero to do with the reality of the situation. For example, in my municipality, balcony thresholds are limited to 1/2" *from the interior*. From the exterior, the limit is somewhere around 4". What the hell kind of sense does that make?
These types of services rely on user reviews. I've had nothing but great experiences, but I pay attention to reviews/ratings. Using uber as an example, I've never had a bad uber ride, where my cab experience has been 50/50. Something like airbnb requires you to browse the reviews and ratings yourself, but the tools are there and they're far superior to any option that's come before.
You shut your whore mouth.
A small bit of advice. Digesting a the things you want to do to improve yourself is fucking overwhelming. Do yourself a favor, and sit down and break those things into single, non-overwhelming tasks. Faced with a complicated series of un-enjoyable decisions anyone will balk. Breaking "get in shape" down to the simple first step of "go for a walk" will not only make it much more digestible, but completing that simple task will build confidence not only in your ability to chip away at the larger task, but in yourself in general.
Look for volunteer work. Also gives you a sense of accomplishment, and is a good way to make real bonds with people.
Bad attitude mainly, but one time I actually was dropped at the wrong place because the dude couldn't figure out his equipment.
&gt; consider if low-e glass is in your budget If you're trying to use the sun to warm a space, you *don't* want low-e glass, as it is specifically designed to have a lower emissivity.
Sounds like a case of plausible deniability to me. That, or "I'm going to fuck you, but don't even try to be my 'boyfriend'".
Interesting. Did some googling, looks like it works well in cold climates if the low-e coating is on the #3 surface (outside surface of interior pane). This helps transmit the absorbed heat into the space. In hot climates, you use the #2 surface (inside surface of exterior pane) to help transmit it to the exterior.
Unfortunately, this is a very real problem for the military.
I like this interpretation a lot.
Hard to say, ain't ever been anything else.
Oh, I thought he was Gary
This is excellent advice. In addition to writing it down, I would email the boss about this to have a record that the discomfort was communicated to them.
Dirty Girl was a great example of this I think.
This big, throbbing, veiny upvote.
Is that where he teaches the 12 sexy disciples that he travels with to be 'fishers of men'?
That wasn't comparing apples to oranges, it was using hyperbole to illustrate a point.
Or an apple and a hunk of cheese
It's probably the sound of flatulance traveling up a urethra. That can't have a pleasant sound.
You have two sphincters. The upper one will let a little poo down to signal you need to go potty. If you hold it long enough, your body will get the hint and take the poo back.
Make a bed of chopped carrots, celery, onions, and garlic. Stuff the cavity of a whole chicken with the same. Coat the top with salt and pepper, cook.
When making a soup with thighs though, I just cut each thigh in half with kitchen shears, and debone after.
Changing your pillow case often will help too.
Larger vocal chords = deeper voice. Since size is strongly correlated with strength, deeper voice = stronger man.
Another way to improve STC that we use in high rises is to add an underlayment between the flooring and the subfloor. Something like this: http://www.soundproofcow.com/Step-Above-Flooring-Underlayment.html Additionally, you could add a second layer of gyp on the bedroom side of the walls, and possibly hold them off the studs with a resilient channel. This will help keep the sound from traveling down the studs to the floor structure.
Not to be confused with "Waffle Blue".
Watt
I think downvoting unpopular opinions plays a larger role than you give it credit for. It unites the general population of a sub possibly even stronger than the echo chamber does, while clearly defining what the subs ethos is by what it will not tolerate.
You dodged a bullet. There is a direct relation between how much time a girl spends with horses and how absolutely batshit insane she is.
They most definitely do. It feels like your driving through a movie set. Kinda surreal
Have you ever broken the speed limit, smoked pot, or illegally downloaded software?
That's the core of the issue though. It's understandable to be jealous of previous sexual partners, but with a little maturity it's not that hard to work through. The combination of her not being upfront with him, and her extreme jealousy of the reverse situation does not speak well of her. It strongly implies that she is insecure of him because of how she is in her situation. I wouldn't be surprised if she's cheated on him, or would given the right situation.
I'm guessing the ending will be just as disappointing.
You're right, but that doesn't excuse the poor design. That sort of defensive approach protects the interior but actually makes the streets more dangerous.
&gt;but money buys access Yes, and money used to buy movies. And music. And content in general. What the political machine has yet to realize - much like all content distributors - is that they are no longer needed or even wanted. The harder they push their product, the more the younger generations shun them. We crave authenticity, and there will be a tipping point when their sales pitches and branding efforts not only fall on deaf ears, but unite us against them in droves. This might not be that moment, but it's coming soon.
I like to think that dogs understand mirrors, they just don't really care.
Ok, this is slightly embarrassing. Started as a plastic bag I'd spit into for lube. I eventually used a pillow, various pillow cases, towels, socks, etc to make what turned out to be a very pleasant-feeling female torso into which I would place my lubed up sammich bag. Depending on what I used for stuffing, I could vary my creation's figure to match whatever I was desiring at the time. I've never told anyone of this, and I'm turning a little red just typing it out.
I never thought of it as anywhere remotely close to adorable, but thanks. That makes me slightly less embarrassed.
I didn't realize it at the time, but I was lonely as hell in HS also. Being in an ultra-strict Christian environment I had virtually no avenue to explore sexually. I guess I made do. Edit: kinda makes me wonder how common this is
Good to know I'm not so fucking strange.
You have NO idea.
Lol @ good lord
I like to think of it as zero is the absence of something, while null is non-existence.
"Fuck, this bed is uncomfortable."
Should there be people on our currency at all? It's probably only a matter of time before the design of new bills is sold to the highest corporate bidder. The McOne. The Trump C. Cinco de Starbucks. Coca-Cola's original ten. Dos Equis' XX, the most interesting bill in the world.
The Earth. We'd be floating in space.
"Either we open our relationship or I'm breaking up with you." We opened our relationship. She broke up with me anyway.
Or use one of [these motherfuckers](http://www.mardianconcretepumping.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/mardian-crane-concrete-pump.png).
No, she wasn't yet. I knew her enough to know when the 'change' happened.
Thank you. It was rough.
Wish I would've. Collected myself and decided to see if it could work. It didn't.
I know now :(
It was never exclusive, but it was never fully open either.
This was never exactly exclusive, so it's not like it came out of nowhere. I have had great open relationships since.
I would get my bow and baseball bat, load a bag up with as much food and water as I can carry and head up to the roof of my building. I'd pick the lock to the access hatch and close it behind me. Not being able to lock it from the outside, I'd wait behind the hatch with my bow ready to see who else was smart enough to come up there. The ladder and opening mechanism I think are too complicated for the undead to operate, so I would just have to assess if the people that made it up were friend or foe, and if they had anything to offer. As the chaos died down, I'd start to search my building for survivors and supplies.
Yes, but there are many different degrees of openness.
Exclusivity is a binary concept, but openness has many forms. Like you, most people only care about exclusivity. Beyond that though, there's a myriad of different types of relationships that work for different people.
We had talked about it many times before, and I really did want one. She just went about it entirely wrong. And yes, in retrospect the relationship was pretty much already over, we were just prolonging it's death.
Maybe it's like Taco Bell, where she just reuses the same shitty ingredients over and over in slightly different combinations.
Chop celery with carrots and onions. Stuff inside a Cornish game hen or two. Place hens on a bed of the same. Salt and pepper, maybe some thyme. Generous tab of butter on each, cook.
Actually, not acting on the attraction would be more likely to have this effect. The idea of fucking someone you want but can't have is usually much stronger than the memory of fucking them.
Then gargle and swallow it.
They eat sunbeams! :D
When I cook brats, I first caramelize half an onion, then deglaze with a little beer and add half an apple, diced. Top with the brats and cover, simmering for about 10 minutes. Remove brats, and brown both sides in the oven on broil. Slice brats, and serve atop a bowl of the onion/apple/beer.
Almost forgot, add a bay leaf with the apple and discard before serving.
While fucking her, put a finger (or thumb) to her lips without breaking stride. She will most likely take your finger into her mouth, and suck on it while you keep fucking her. If this is obviously turning her on say something along the lines of "fuck, that feels amazing. I want to feel those lips on my cock".
When I cook brats, I first caramelize half an onion, then deglaze with a little beer and add half an apple, diced. Top with the brats and cover, simmering for about 10 minutes. Remove brats, and brown both sides in the oven on broil. Slice brats, and serve atop a bowl of the onion/apple/beer.
I believe that was a bwink.
Interesting. That's the only explanation here I hadn't heard before.
I have an issue with this point of view. If you have your shit together, and are patient and loving, you can actually fix people. I have done it several times, and had it done to me. This won't end how you are thinking though. You won't magically make them into who you want them to be, and live happily ever after. Every time I've experienced it, or seen it happen, it's a temporary relationship by its very nature. After the wound that drew the person into the relationship is healed, that relationship has ran its natural course. This can lead to an amazingly deep friendship, but if continued past its natural end will usually hurt one or both parties.
I was hanging out with my brother when he was working as a ranch hand one semester to make a little money. He was showing me around, and we were walking among the cattle when it started to rain. Most of them walked over to cover, but one cow tried to hide its head under me to escape the rain. I stood there, getting soaked in the rain, cuddling the shit out of this adorably stupid cow's face. I would say this counts as communing with a cow.
To me it seems that the licensing/exams/qualifications have been successfully made obsolete via a well-crafted app. And with those, the fees. Like so many industries these days, they are fighting to hold onto their monopoly when it is no longer needed.
This is a shit article. It touches briefly on fireproofing, but speaks nothing of the larger challenges of building such a structure out of wood. Is it structurally feasible? What would it take to laterally stabilize such a structure, or to dampen the inevitable swaying/vibration? What are the benefits? Does the greener material balance out the unavoidable increases in volume of material needed? If you want to write an article about a wooden building, write an article about a wooden building. If, instead, you decide to compare it to an icon you should, you know, *actually compare it to that icon*.
The best head you will ever get from a woman is after you have given her 2 or 3 orgasms.
Not necessarily. If you're doing it right, she may not be able to focus. Depends on the girl.
This is a quality in nearly every artistic profession that I refer to as masturbatorial. The field isolates itself from it's end users, and developed a language that nobody outside of the field understands. This exacerbates an already alienating situation.
Um, no. Teeth can be used very effectively during head if a girl knows what she is doing. If she doesn't though...
I'm sorry to hear that.
Empathy, dude. Focus on her, and her pleasure. Not only will it improve your performance exponentially, but it will ensure your enjoyment despite any other factors. Let her pleasure give you pleasure.
Yes, this is quite amazing as well. Best head I've ever had was from two friends of mine. Started out with them both going down on me, then one gave the other an orgasm while she continued to go down on me then rejoined her. The the other returned the favor. It was fucking hot.
My [favorite ramen recipe](http://i.imgur.com/pO0DH.jpg). Also uses a peanut-sriracha combination. They go wonderfully together.
If you die with $1m in the bank, that's $1m of fun you never got to have. If you die $1m in debt, that's $1m of fun you had that you never had to pay for.
As an architect, I like this explanation more.
Didn't the real story end with season 2, and they literally tacked s3 on to bleed more money out of the popularity?
Would you say they're tiny bears that care?
A jar of mayo does make a very unique sound when used as a masturbation aid.
&gt; Since the cop was so intent to find heroin trafficking in the conversations he was listening to, he may have convinced himself that this is what the driver was talking to someone else about. And, actually, he may be right. The man in question may actually be a heroin smuggler. He still has the right to due process however, and ignoring that right is a huge misstep on the cop's part even if the man was doing as he suspected.
I'm guessing they're veneered steel to get the strength needed. My issue is with calling them 'origami', since they're not made from one uncut square of material.
Minor detail.
I think that door works, because it functions by two squares folding. Very origami-like.
I'm in a similar situation, and it can be exactly amazing as it sounds. Be careful though, jealousy can spring up in weird places. Is she ok with you kissing them? Giving them oral? Going out of town with them? Find out if there are any particularities that are out of bounds, and communicate *profusely*, especially at first. Talk through everything so you don't hit any unexpected snags. Most importantly, have fun you lucky bastard.
Wat
As an architect that also smokes, smoking indoors is absolutely disgusting and can actually lower property values.
You know, I really do admire your enthusiasm.
You know, I really do admire your passion.
I'd like to think he got a new paper sorter just like everyone else in the office, but Lisa decided to bring his to him personally.
&gt;"If he's happy, I'm happy." she replied, glad that her regular was back to his normal, happy self. Just a suggestion, I love the story :)
Physiology is *not* irrelevant when the real goal is to not get into a confrontation in the first place. Yes, a woman with a gun could protect you as well as a man with a gun. In this sort of situation however, you will be taken more seriously if there is a man - preferably a large one - with you. This says more about the psychology of the person you are interacting with (which you can't control) than the reality of the situation, but there it is.
If by hard you mean currently impossible, then yes.
In some contexts, that is unfortunately true.
Bombs are a form of free speech. They're so free, they spread freedom craters everywhere they're dropped.
So do you just white-out the $100 and write $104 or something?
alternatively, you could use *shift right-click, s* to toggle the insertion snap instead of typing INS. *shift right-click* pulls up a menu of snap options, all with a single letter hotkey.
Measure. Precisely.
Asshole Saying AsaP?
If you move your company *into* the glass office building, you will have an amazing view. I've always said you should pick the ugliest building in town and move into it. That way it won't ruin your view.
&gt; Skin-tone is #f5e6d3
&gt; #602c00 Lol, racism
&gt; Maybe communication can fix the problem. More likely, getting dumped for being a shitty lover *might* fix the problem.
The term "love" is almost *always* misrepresented. It means 1000 different things to 1000 different people. It has been spread too thin to cover too many actual emotions as well as abstract concepts that are completely void when you dig to the center of them. I've found that a huge part of being an emotionally sound person is to define what is really meant when you use that word, and to learn to decipher what others mean when they use it.
Deep Ellum
More likely, learn to scan and replicate the chip.
Yeah, but that's not going to happen.
Just think of it as celebrating a successful orbit around a star on your cosmic adventure through space.
I wholeheartedly disagree. Old Quentin had subtlety in his writing. There were not really any good guys or bad guys, but he wove the story in a way that made you care deeply about them. Not after kill bill. Now it's pick an extremely hated group and unleash brutal violence against them. All style and no substance.
I would definitely call o brother art.
Here in Texas, we use bullets to open our beers. Shoot'em in the air when we're happy. Shoot'em in the air when we're mad. Use'em for punctuation and dottin' i's and j's when pissing our name onto the side of a barn.
Reminds me of [this room](https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/3g09ev/room_with_mirrors_on_the_floor_ceiling_and_walls/) with mirrors on all sides and clear furniture.
You mean like [this](http://i.imgur.com/CGfY0.jpg)?
100% symmetry with this one simple trick! Architects hate him!
This actually sounds amazing
Also, be vegan but tell nobody.
Given that it's an insulative material, it would be one of the worst things you could possibly use for thermal mass. It's like 99% porous, which means it would store almost zero heat. To do what you're talking about you would need a dense material that conducts heat well. Pretty much the opposite of this material. Metals would work, or stone. To get the transparent effect you are wanting, good old fashioned glass would work. It's dense, conducts well, and is quite transparent.
I don't believe you. Why do you lie to strangers on the internet?
Brother! I barely recognized you. How was Taiwan?
That was such a shitshow.
I'm sure if we ever discover alien life elsewhere in the universe, if they're vegan, they'll tell us.
Check your UCS. If it's set to something other than World, it will effect where the xref is placed.
Well if there's just the two of them, no reason to break out the twelve pack.
Until recently we wouldn't let you in without one, but I'll be damned if my hard-earned money will be taxed just to give some pinko commie hippie motherfucker a gun as soon as they enter my great state.
In their defense though, most relationship problems I've seen IRL could be solved pretty quickly by open, honest communication. It happens about as often as in rom-coms.
Spoiler alert: I actually am one too.
Facadomy at it's finest.
Didn't he drop out of college to take care of his pregnant wife? That'd put him 20 or so years older than his son. I'm picturing 21 and 40.
Apples and cheese is an amazing combination with a myriad of possibilities. Cheddar &amp; granny. Red delicious &amp; Brie. Gala and manchego. The possibilities are endless, and that's before adding peanut butter into the mix.
Ragu, or Bolognese, is what is commonly referred to as "spaghetti sauce". Technically spaghetti is a pasta, and it is served with some sort of sauce, but the term "spaghetti sauce" has become so commonplace that correcting it is being overly pedantic.
Huh. I didn't know this was an American thing. TIL
I've shot men for less.
That's one of the few statements of the "you have the _____ of a child" variety that is actually a compliment.
&gt;&lt;1% of them actually get to practice architecture in the capacity they were promised Of the one percent here. That is hideous.
Architect here. When I was an intern my boss took me on a site visit to a school we had under construction. Everything looked fine, but something looked.... off. It took us an embarrassingly long time but we finely figured out they had hung the doors upside down. Every. Single. One. They had no hardware on them, and they were mostly glass, and since they were *all* upside down it took a while for our eye to register what was wrong.
That's great that you don't care, but we are in a subreddit about architecture talking about a project posted here. If we took the stance of "well, as long as the owner is happy", this would be a very boring subreddit. From a personal perspective, I actually agree with you. From an Architectural perspective, this thing is a monstrousity that should be removed from the face of the earth via orbital bombardment.
You're mistaking the professions of design and architecture, but that's splitting hairs. &gt;nothing to compare your obviously better works to You make this point, then criticize criticism? That doesn't make sense. I think the lack of thorough critique is due to the mistakes being so obvious and elementary they don't warrant reiteration.
I think some of it is actually eating too healthy as well. Things like oils and fats help break down alcohol, and an excess of salt will help you retain water. An overload of carbs will give you energy after staying up way later than you're used to. Eating a salad will do nothing for a hangover, but eating three cheeseburgers....
This completely ignores the question of whether or not a detailed computer simulation would have conscious awareness.
He gave a professional way to do what the guy asked. Throwing a tantrum will get you nowhere, but actively participating in the meeting in a constructive manner will let everyone know who actually did the work and knows it backwards and forwards.
Don't worry about it. It doesn't matter who you are, there will be people that will be turned off by *something* about you. There will also be people that want to drink your bath water. You can't control who falls where along the spectrum of how hot they think you are, all you can control is how you react to them.
Did you even read what I wrote?
&gt; That's indirectly embarrassing your boss. It could be. It really depends on delivery. It could be saving your boss's ass.
My brother and his wife have one and they love it. I have a tempurpedic and I love it. We can't stand each other's mattresses. Supposedly, 90% of people love either a memory foam or a sleep number, but very few like both.
Ah, the good ol' quality v. quantity debate.
Generally speaking, the denser something is the more matter it has. Some people are so dense that their inertia makes them hard to change course so you have to choice but to let them be.
Really? It's a stark concrete fortress. I love it for it's austere beauty, but "architecture that depends on it's surrounding environment"? Please tell me why I'm wrong.
Grace Farms and Kéré's work are such excellent examples, I'm curious how you think Moshe Safdie's Holocost History Museum fits the description.
&gt; But the form and orientation depend on the open view to the pacific ocean. So it has the environmental reaction of a hotel or resort. That hardly makes it noteworthy, nor is it an outstanding feature of the work.
On selection methods, I'd add the qselect command. *So much time wasted*.
It looks like you've filled them before finishing them. Nearly anything would be safe at this point, as it won't be in contact with the soil. That said, the cedar will deteriorate *much* faster from the inside, unless there is a waterproof barrier between it and the soil.
I will probably die from a heart attack during a particularly intense round of smash bros. That, or during an orgy.
I used to have this opinion, until I realized that the two options for a restaurant owner are valet the lot, or hire a towing company. Since towing companies are pure evil, I have made my peace with the proliferation of valets in Dallas.
Fun fact, when plants first started producing lignon, there was nothing on earth that could break it down much like plastic today. When trees died, the wood just *sat there*, not rotting. This is where much of our fossil fuels come from. If I recall, it was somewhere in the millions of years until bacteria and insects evolved to be able to break it down.
Yes, lignin.
Jealousy is not a single emotion, but rather a complex mix of emotions. Possessiveness is a big one, and can be difficult to express in a positive way. It may have been he felt like he was losing control of the situation, and when he tried to assert control his friend didn't take it well. It could have been he was ok with you going down on the guy, but switching positions made him feel like he was being put into the secondary position. He may have felt he was losing control of the situation letting his friend actually fuck you, or he was losing the one part of you he couldn't let go of.
No, it's not.
The only other real option is to completely eliminate sexual segregation from *all* sports. Most sports would be all men in the most competitive levels.
The more I think about it, the more I like the idea actually. Don't discriminate at all, let the sport decide.
I just realized I can't remember the last time I saw an actual calendar.
I thought that's what the Reddit comment section was for.
I've been thinking about this, and one of the best things we can do in the name of pride, is to wear this attack as a badge of pride. When the ignorant and hateful choose you to target, then you are doing something right. We are the land of the goddamn free and the fucking brave. I don't mean to downplay the tragedy of the moment, but in a sense it means we are winning.
I would add that you should watch some on YouTube change a tire *on your make and model of vehicle.* Some vehicles have odd ways of getting to the spare.
In his formative years, he was under a lot of pressure.
Sometimes you blink and it's gone.
Gehry's work is so much more powerful when it has a meter like those windows to act as a foil to his wild expressionism.
Step 1, you cut a hole in the watermelon?
Incestual sodomy is life?
What's your source for that? I've always seen fish fertilizer listed at 5-1-1, which is nitrogen heavy. Makes for large, green plants but can inhibit budding and fruiting. I always supplement with bone meal at 3-15-0 to boost the P.
Obviously, you are someone with a different aesthetic than the person whose taste you are criticizing.
I'm picturing something like a [Japanese zen garden](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/fc/Kyoto-Ryoan-Ji_MG_4512.jpg), that has movable obstructions, and is combed, resetting it, like an etch-a-sketch every time it's rearranged.
&gt; Trump has just been taking a lot of these policies to their logical conclusion, and I think a lot of people had just never thought that far ahead about what they were doing. This is why I believe that Trump is really a Trojan horse (with a ridiculous mane of hair), whose intent is actually to shake the foundation of the republican party
Huh. I thought it was about periods, but I like your version better.
Almost as much as not having love.
I do believe he's a narcissist, but I am hoping that in his old age he's more worried about legacy than power.
You might try a strip club first. The transactional nature of it would add a layer of safety that flirting with someone out in the wild wouldn't have.
It's also not just the rhythm, but the angle and leverage of the cock. It's where and how you grab them, and what you kiss/lick while you're fucking. Reading when and how to be dominant (and what that actually means in the first place), and when to let them take control and fuck your brains out. Saying it's just about rhythm is equating it to masturbation, when it's much more like a non-verbal conversation, or a dance.
&gt; The average is a bit under 50% extra though That is an interesting bit of knowledge. Do you have a source for that?
An average of the two makes sense, but why the "bit under" part? Just good ol' entropy?
Architect here. This is correct. In addition to the standard sized parking space and signage, HC spaces require a 60" area the length of the space for maneuvering. If the space is van-accessible, it requires a 96" space for wheelchair lift + maneuvering.
Your username + that typo is brilliant.
&gt; The best thing I can compare it to is original flavor alka-seltzer That made me giggle.
&gt; from a dude who was supposedly sooo into eating right and staying hydrated Staying hydrated is good, but a "good" diet can actually be bad for the taste. If he was going high protein, most meats and eggs will give it a bad flavor, as will some greens. Fruity things seem to have the most positive impact, and if he was strict low carb, that probably eliminated the sweeter fruits.
What if you come to a four way stop, and *everyone stops at the same time*? WHAT THEN???!! edit: OP pls answer, I'm still stuck here.
Did he take vitamins? Particularly B vitamins can have a string effect.
That is an interesting take on it.
&gt; My husband and I agreed, before our first threesome, that we would both pay more attention to the guest star than to each other that night. If the primary F can handle this, it really is the way to go. It makes for an amazing experience for the guest, and gives both primary partners the chance to explore the novel addition to the bedroom. Letting go and enjoying your guest together can also be an incredibly bonding experience, the afterglow of which will add considerable fuel to your intimacy afterwards.
Honest question, were you hard on him before you got married? Something I've noticed with a lot of couples is that after marriage the woman expects everything to suddenly become amazing. It's not a conscious decision to think this way, women are conditioned from birth to think like this since nearly every form of entertainment portrays it this way. The younger the audience, the more unrealistically they describe relationships. When this doesn't happen, many women take it out on their husband much in the way you describe.
&gt;he said he is happy I’m back to the right way, he told me the memories he had from his circumcision and claimed that we have to sometimes do what’s right and not what’s wanted… This is a **huge** red flag, and having come from a strict religious upbringing it is one that I personally avoid like the plague. The idea that there is a Right that trumps personal development is not something I am willing to live with.
&gt;Think of the guy like a great sex toy you got to share Let's not jump straight to dehumanizing the guy. How about he's a friend they both had fun with?
