Stop overthinking and do what you feel. once you have pulled an "overnighter" (I am assuming this also means sex) then it's pretty much on. So relax, he is enjoying himself, you should be too.
"You suck dick right?"
Well, time to practice your baseball skills. Next time at bat, try to score second or third base!!! In my experience, once we are kissing and making out, the cocks become hard and if you touch him or draw attention to your hardon, it is just natural to wanna play with it. Ease him into a blowjob situation, and suck his cock. I find that sexual as hell and very intimate! It's not as big a committment as heading to the bedroom for upside down naked calisthenics, and often can be the most intimate way to provide pleasure.
Yes, it's a thing. Take note of specific instances IF there is a behavior you would like changed, be aware this isn't just about him, this is also about you. Look, I am a man's man kinda guy. I have tools, owned guns, intimidate younger straight boys, do my own brake jobs, fix plumbing and repairs around the house, remodeled the kitchen, et cet. None of that makes me feel insecure. But when my partner makes comments about my being our dogs mama to other men I would be insecure and object. Eventually I learned to deal with it and he learned to show enough respect that we reached a compromise. It just is key in realizing that just because he looks at you a certain way, that doesn't make you into that person. You can ask them to change, you can ask them what they mean, and explain how it makes you insecure. In my life he tells our 13 Lb Shih-tzus to "ask their momma for a treat" I have realized that it is endearing and affectionate and I no longer object, he does take my car to the gas station and fill it for me sometimes, and he does a lot of the laundry chores and we share the cooking. It works for me, I don't take any shit for it, when my work friends come around they get a kick because they all see me as very powerful and manly, and he allows them to see a tender side to me. EDIT: spelling, some grammar, (iPad autocorrect hell)
Hey str8 bro, no one likes being "catfished" and what they did to you was awful no matter their sexuality or gender. If you were recorded, against your will, and without your knowledge, that is not a crime. However, if you were recorded while you were being misled and they then disseminate your images to porn or other content providers, they have committed some crimes which are prosecutable and carry both civil and criminal liability (fines, restitution, jail time). If anything they may post it somewhere. If you do find it out there, seek legal help to have it removed and control it. Keep in mind that you are not a celebrity, so your pictures will not stand out unless someone knows you. Don't be too afraid, the pics will be largely unseen until you run for office...
Offer him the whole package bro. Instead of trying to be his first, try to be his all. Go and try to win out against the boyfriend, but you have to offer the same things. You don't mention that the brother is into you at all, so you must be just wishing from afar? Time to find out if you have a chance at being his boyfriend, not just some guy who wants to fuck him.
All you have to do is take it to the next level. Instead of eye contact, it has to be verbal, so be cute when you say something. Take your time wording responses and instead of short curt responses, take the time to introduce new subjects while keeping the conversation going. For instance: (Him) Sup? (You) IDK- but there are possibilities.... There is no way that won't get a response, (or blocked haha). Be suggestive, sexual, excited, and interested, but use your words.
Remember to have fun and talk about how it feels to your partner. He needs to know if you feel good and vice versa. One shower will work, just pay attention with soap and washcloth to all the ares where he might be close. Scrub your ears, your toes, your ass, taint, hole, Cock, balls, and stick a finger in and around inside your anus to make sure you are clean, if you have a foreskin, retract it and clean all inside there. Above all have fun, and don't be selfish.
&gt;He lets me be selfish and not do much and he does a lot of the work haha Well it's obvious you and he are in different places. You think you are simply fucking, and he thinks he is building a relationship. At some point you figured to stop taking advantage of him? Or did you plan on being the "selfish one" from now on? So you plan to ghost him. Wow, that's payback for his investment. Why not just level with him and explain that it is purely physical for you and obviously not for him, and it's time for you to go. God forbid you take some responsibility here. Be firm, be real, tell him that it's over and you are not seeing him any more.
Challenge yourself. Let him drive. You need practice at that. Social first or you will be easy and they won't date you, but will just use you for sex. These aren't hard and fast rules, there are always exceptions, but as a gay man, you owe it to yourself to learn how to function socially first so that you can separate the serial killers from the potential husbands.
Yes, three years ago I was heavily recruited for over a year for what turned out to be my dream job. I was in a three year old relationship that had a commitment ceremony, joint assets incl. shared home, shared vehicles, and joint checking accounts. When I tried to talk to my husband about the recruiter he laughed and told me to submit a resume because "what could it hurt?" I said that they would probably offer me a job. I did, they did, and when it came time to move I almost got divorced. We moved together, it was extremely difficult on our relationship, we suffered from the loss of his income while he was working on certifications and credentials for the new state regulations. Eventually it worked out, but I will never ever consider a move without full disclosure with joint compromise and decision making. Why has it recently changed? Is this his preference? Or is an opportunity just too good to pass up? It is one thing to be upset over not being near each other, but what happens when you guys try to solve work problems? I had to support my mate for a year and a half to get to a place where we were both working successfully. If you guys want to be together, then ask him to marry you and solve the problems together. Many schools offer degree programs online, is he able and willing to help you work you way into a more successful degree? Will you be content working and doing school part time while watching him be successful? Do you trust him to help you? TL:DR if you love him and he loves you then work on each other's careers together.
Are you fucking kidding me? I'm gay, this is /r/askgaybros, and in case no one else has the balls to tell you, you're fucking gay bro. Time to get the counselor redirected to help you accept it.
Why are you asking this question. Do you not realize you are in danger?
crying that often is a red flag. You are being manipulated, controlled and systematically abused.
You need to get out of your head and into your hands. Start painting and doing things that require concentration. It will be much healthier than letting your mind go in circles. Meditate every morning. Observe your thoughts. You will find that porn is like a drug. You have been an addict, dealing with the minds addiction to it isn't easy. Don't fuck around until you know someone. Minimum of three dates, they have to make the first move, leave your penis in your pants and concentrate on holding hands and being in the present.
You need real dates, not hookups, emotional intimacy, not sexual activity. I don't understand why people want to pretend that love and sex don't go hand in hand. You need to have the social intimacy of falling in love, date, kiss, hold hands, be real, talk about fears and share them. Then you will have enough emotional investment to control the sexual expression of that.
You have asked him to be your boyfriend? If not, then do. but you know what? Wear black, do some mourning, take care of grief like you lost a relationship because you have. It's the same process for getting over unrequited love as any breakup, feel it, self care, slowly get on with life. It isn't supposed to be easy to feel, but the question remains; now that you got hurt playing FWB, don't you think it should be a boyfriend you share sex, intimacy, and secrets with? Don't look for a hookup, don't look for a FUCKBOY. Look for a real live boyfriend...you sure wouldn't be worried right now if you had. Stop being so easy, once you show them your cock, you are all out of reasons to date and be boyfriends.
Dealbreaker. I don't mind a conservative, have your own mind, but a guy who is gay wanting to support Cruz or the other guys who want to roll back gay marriage and go to "kill the gays" rallies. Sorry bro, deal breaker.
Gotta be real with ya, it is a lot more fun when boyfriends cut your hair.
Dude, go ahead with your plan. You get a dog, he gets a cat and there you go! Raise em together and all is love. If you need some cat tolerance remember that some gay men just have to have a little pussy. Haha!
You have to level with him. A relationship won't make any sense because you don't want the same things. Explain that you don't want a relationship with anyone right now, and he will probably want to end your sexual relationship and possibly move into another roommate situation. Good luck
I like a Case. I have carried one for years.
Gay activism is not limited to bar flys and drag queens despite what the media would have you believe. It is anchored by families.
Dude, get a room. When a friend helps you because of a breakup or what ever, you don't break the rules. You don't invite people over, you don't smoke in the house, you don't treat it like you are the homeowner. You quietly get back on your feet and move on. Then you can have a stranger in the living room naked at two am.
Hi Bro, I was molested. I also know that I was gay before I was molested. I also understand the issues around pedophilia. The NAMBLA crowd he mentions has been around for years, but has always failed to gain traction in the mainstream. Why? Because sex is HARMFUL to minors, it damages their self esteem and ability to develop into confident sexually aware adults. It is generally accepted that young minors do not have comprehension of the consequences of their actions and so do not possess the ability to consent to sexual acts. They are also commonly manipulated into having sex even when they do refuse. Legality for pedophilia will never trump protection of innocent children. I am not impressed with his claims to be a counselor to gay clients, I would not want to do therapy with someone who had no empathy for my situation, and referred to my group as "them people, you people" he obviously doesn't support homosexuality, compares homosexuality to pedophilia and is repeating common political rhetoric as being a learned man or scientific researcher. Unfortunately all of what he points to is not empirical research, not objective scientific experimentation, but simply conversational opinion bolstered with facts inappropriately drawn into the conversation much like any of us might have or argue with about our political opinions. He is apparently repeating shit that he has heard.
He is absolutely full of shit. Key elements surrounding development of same sex attraction are not fully understood by science or medicine, and most research doesn't indicate that historical assumptions surrounding behavior and late childhood development of same sex attraction / homosexuality are at all true. The leading edge of the science and medical research indicates earlier and earlier childhood establishment of immutable sexual orientation. The whole "born gay" popularity is born out by research. Having said that, keep in mind that pedophilia is not related, AT ALL. It surrounds behaviors that become hidden and compulsive and obsessive and is a well understood physchiatric disorder. The therapies that exist for pedophilia are effective at limiting and exposing relapse activity, but no one can or will support the conditional support of their pedophilia at the expense of a group of minor children. Neither would anyone support a serial killer by suggesting that he go on killing. Anyone connected with the discussion that draws these type of conclusions and comparisons are homophobic and discriminating against LGBT within their discussion.
Bro, don't be silly, when you are in a relationship where a guy is just using you for money and you want to be in love or be loved back there is no peace. If you think you want to be in an open relationship that is fine but to contemplate it as an enticement is ridiculous. Put it on for a moment. If a guy asked you to be his boyfriend, and he would pay you, and let you fuck around would you take him seriously? Would you think he wanted you? Or would you just figure he just wanted " anyone" and you were the first fly caught in the web?
Not so much, I bet there are more flattering pictures of you than the one above, but that isn't the point. I have always seemed to get a lot of action when I go out because guys just fucking like me. To be "hot" isn't something that I would characterize myself as these days, but I have always had plenty of options! Even women try to pick me up on occasion. So the point, keep doing what your doing, it's awesome!
Three Way?
Truth!
Do you? If you became successful and then famous would you have obligations? Yeah, but tempered by self interest. It can end careers, it makes people very afraid. Look at Liberace, who was the most obvious gay but still kept up appearances. Elton John claimed he was bisexual when I was in high school. Ellen came out and it cost her a show. It was a long road back. Others shouldn't make those decisions for you.
You act as if he can only cheat, not be honest and learn better. It isn't a character trait, it is bad behavior and not communicating. Many young guys slut it up in their twenties and then learn how to be a good boyfriend later in life.
People grow up. You don't know the guy, the only evidence we have is an HONEST conversation. Have you ever cheated? I have, but not since I was like twenty two. Shit does happen when you are young and gay and clubbing. If you can't see that, then w/e
This is no easy question, and normally my "knee-jerk" reaction is to be out no matter the cost, but I would refrain from having the conversation. Your involvement with him is a primary relationship in your life, alienating him would result in harming your future, and damaging your education, and denying you the formative relationship you require. In this case I am going to recommend you hold your own counsel. If he asks, do not lie, but do not bring it up. Good luck.
Chill, clean up in a shower beforehand, use your fingers to swirl around inside and ensure you are clean, go hump your brains out. Contrary to popular belief, there are gay men who bottom spontaneously without using enema or douche. They just fuck when the mood hits. One of my exes told me recently that his younger boyfriend was a real drag because there was always this stop the presses and go shower and douche. He missed how I was willing to go for it at any time.
I would make a map of places you go things and things you do. That will tell you where you should be to get close to them. People usually organize home near work to minimize commute, but consider also what you spend time doing outside work, that will show you how to be close.
Unless you tell them they won't know what is on your mind.
I went to a bar for drinks and dancing. This guy was dancing in the stage and started backing up to me. I ended up bumping his ass and got all hard in my jeans, it was drinks, good music and practically fucking if no clothes. After the dance I went and sat down and he came up and sat on my lap. This was a cruise bar in the woods outside meridian MS so we went outside and he started getting into my pants. We took turns blowing each other and he came quick. Then he just stopped and was like, you're too big to blow, it hurts my mouth. TL;DR hot and sexy boy wanted me, pushed his ass onto me, sat in my lap, dove into my trousers, came and left me with blue balls.
Look man, I am a versatile top, and I grew up shoving everything that would fit into my butt while jerking furiously on my cock. They were hard wired to each other. Sticking something in my ass instantly caused an erection and precum. If your experience is different, then Why go trying to discover your ass? Do you dude, not someone else. If I had been you and he lubed me up and fingered me, we would have fucked. That you didn't really speaks to your deal. Put it this way, I have never done something to my body I didn't enjoy or desire. If you don't want cock up inside you then forget it bro, you don't need to be different, just more clear with the boys you do the flat mambo with. Right?
It's who you are. I grew up somehow knowing two immutable truths: 1) life would be better if my mouth reached my cock 2) orgasms were a LOT MORE FANTASTIC when my ass was involved
Itching and redness and swelling....ROID Attack. So here is what is needed short term- you need medicine to help heal the roids, topical creams and suppository medicine to help reduce swelling and bring things back to normal. The itching causes frequent wiping/scratching which in turn keeps the area irritated and swollen. By the way, these can bleed which exacerbates the swelling. Heal the roids, that is step one. Long term, your diet and lifestyle are causing your condition, you need to start on a fiber regimen, use what you like, but add fiber to your diet, preferably a daily additive, (think Metamucil vs just eating veggies which is fine but inconsistent). Once your stool becomes more firm, and your roids heal, you should be able to clean up from a bowel movement quickly and effortlessly without irritating your anus and also you will find less accumulation of "leaky mess" which I suspect is not fecal matter, but blood, serum and clear mucus which is the body trying to control the inflamation and swelling. Good luck, and hope all this has helped.
Bro, I am not going to troll you. i will not tell you to go fuck yourself. I think it's awful that you have been raped. By the way, rape isn't sex, it is a violation, any non consensual sexual activity is harmful and you are RIGHT to be hurt and wounded. I don't think you should ever give up, not on yourself, not on falling in love, not on being happy or feeling better. It's complicated,but the answer lies with you, your expectations and responses are way off the charts dude. You show us a picture of a stranger and explain the plastic surgeons can make you look like him so you can get a boyfriend? You don't need looks to get a boyfriend, you need to be at peace with yourself and love yourself to get a boyfriend. TRUTH you don't need plastic surgery. You have been emotionally beat up, you have not recieved the support or love you need and you don't know how to get your needs met. You need some counseling to deal with the rape issues. You need some counseling to work on your self esteem. You need some coaching on how to deal with rejection, and how to ask and receive some dating instead of constant rejection. Be willing to date a regular dude, not a hot guy. Be willing to see that all men have flaws, and work on seeing past your own self perceived flaws. There are plenty of guys who would date you as you are without plastic surgery, without all the rejection you have been experiencing. You have got to be asking the wrong guys, and asking in a bad circumstance in order to have the results you share. In addition you take it very personally that you haven't been welcomed and asked out by others. It's common to feel like a failure at dating when you are young, and to feel like every situation is black and white when they are really grey. Just chill and get some help Bro, We love ya, don't skip getting help!
A certified copy of my marriage license.
True.
Just know them before you take the plunge. It is a small boat and everybody finds stuff out, so be a little cool at first and check twice to make sure he isn't going to flake on you.
Thank you
Several things... 1) Good for you, you went on a nice first date! 2) No,you can't change gay orientation 3) your parents will be happy if you are happy 4) you need to surround yourself with true friends who accept you Ditch the friend if he won't be open minded about your life. You know you are gay, and pretending you aren't will only hurt yourself and others. Plan to be honest with your folks when the time is right. Parents want you to be happy and successful, the how and when and with whom won't be nearly as important as the happy and successful.
See you just lost your credibility. It's one thing to be arrogant and attack ideas and positions, but you just snapped on a user, not a way to win your argument.
We had met and dated, and he told me he loved me. Not long after we started talking about living together because we were thirty miles apart and we missed each other. Not long after living together I asked him. He was willing to do a Commitment Ceremony, but Marriage between Gay Couples wasn't available in our home state then. We had 180 guests, it was lovely, we have wedding pictures on the wall in our home. Years later when it became legal where we were, we went to the Courthouse, got a license and made it more official. We still celebrate the original date tho.. :)
Straighten Up. Quit Cutting Class. Meet him when you have free time. Drugs &amp; Booze &amp; Gay Sex, well hell, no wonder you like him!!!
The relationship you have with him is clutch, but the pervy sex he wants with you is just for him and his jollies. He might get hung up on you if you do it a few times and want to stop...so be careful about how you want to continue.
I don't think in matters. I live in PDX, and am in a much more conservative industry than politics (Marine Construction) and I am out on the job. I moved here from Mississippi and I guarantee they don't treat gay people the same in Mississippi. Go to law school near PDX or SEA TAC, whatever you do, don't go to Oxford Mississippi, that would be culture shock for ya. Hope it helps. B
Adammm99 There is no way, NO WAY this is good for you. You are going to throw away your chance at college scholarships, at doing well in high school, and you are playing with dangerous substances (drugs and hooch). While it is not rare for guys to experiment, your wake up call is ringing bro. It is fun to do drugs and to drink. it is fun to have sex. But being a sixteen year old, these things need to be done in moderation. Drugs can destroy your future. Alcohol dependence can become strong enough to kill (just ask Amy Winehouse, who would have survived the drug high, but the Delerium Tremens-only caused by detox from alcohol poisoning- took her life). Its fun when you are learning to be a "bad" boy, but the honest answer is that it is a long road back to innocence. 16 doesn't last long bro, you will be older before you know it. When you do drugs and spend time on sex and booze you miss out on education and foundation skills and developing judgment that helps you live life. Take some time for yourself and remember that being cool won't provide you with and education or job. You need to develop. You need to grow into a man. Don't shortchange your childhood and wind up wasting your opportunities on a guy that doesn't value himself or you. Your life is just starting out....drop the drugs, go back to class, buckle down and get after what is important. Don't chase him into nothingness...a good boyfriend will wait for you to finish high school and won't expect you to do self harmful things.
Being a member of a minority is hard. No matter how much acceptance a guy gets from his family or social circle, he is still gay. He has still grown up with the sure and complete knowledge that he has something to be ashamed of because of the way society treats us. Accepting that one is gay and coming out of the closet also means confronting the vestiges of a homophobic value system. Relinquishing the thoughts that we are not equal. This has been a lifetime of acquired value judgments and will not go away in a day, but can be challenged and confronted with affirmations and perseverance. Remember that being gay (Two-Spirited in Native American) is special, amazing, and incredible. Gay people experience love that they describe as deeper, more real, and much more intense than straight people. Gay people embody out of the box thinking, and tend to be the most creative in both problem solving and the arts. Gay is synonymous with successful in many cases and often are leaders, inspirational, and catalysts for change. A gay minister once told me that God created Gay people to show mankind that Love would overcome any obstacle. Being accepted by the people close to them is a basic requirement for survival. Gay people, thrown away when parents realize their children are gay, by default experience a unique right of passage taken for granted universally -acceptance and support of family. This alone doesn't end their minority status or achieve success. Every racial minority has this as a given and yet they all to a single individual possess the awareness that the rest of the world will treat them harshly at times. Gay people yearn for equality and enfranchisement by the majority. Just as every minority does. As long as it is an advantage to be straight it will continue. With gay marriage becoming law in the US it is a heady time for gay rights advances, but there are fears that some of the rights will be rolled back if the republicans come to power. As u/BlubberyGiraffe points out, coming out never really ends. It has to be done constantly with new folks.
Doesn't matter to me, everybody is different in their own way.
LoL!!! Holy shit that's funny as hell!!!!
Dude, try topping. Bottoming isn't getting you off, so try top.
BDSM requires more communication, you guys need to schedule a date nite create a safe space and discuss what everyone wants, how to get it, what you like about it, what you don't like about it and how to proceed. These relationships require understanding which comes from communication.
Well, it may be a little subjective, but here is my reasoning: In order to deal with being an oppressed minority in hiding during adolescence and puberty many gay men learn a tremendous amount about themselves. They are referred to in the Native American communities as "Two Spirited" having both the benefit of a male gender and a female gender. While this may not actually make us superior, it does make us tremendously more self aware, and tremendously more flexible about accepting different ideas and solving problems by thinking "outside the box". I hope this explains adequately. :) I would assume that Bi Men are also the same.
I am not sure why I am getting down voted unless it is because of number one. While this is vulgar, it is how straight men at my work talk about gay sex. It offends me and pisses me off because Gay Sex is beautiful and awesome. Maybe you guys thought I was trolling, perhaps I should have been more eloquent with my response than just typing without thinking. Sorry guys. You might like to know that I am Gay, Married Happily, and don't feel that I should have been down voted for telling the truth.
You are falling in love with the person they wished they were. The Internet is so good for that. Many people use slightly older pictures when they were a little bit hotter than they are today. Or they fudge their age just a little bit (either up or down). For Men who are not young, hot, height and weight proportionate, or any combination, it can be like a fantasy. Let me paint you a picture. Guy A: 28yrs old, 160lbs, 5' 11", athletic, fit, works out, has six pack Guy B: 45 yrs old, 330lbs, 6' 0", sedentary, thinning hair, obese So Guy B posts a picture of a Hot Guy who is 39. Someone who is fit, athletic, and toned/tanned. He engages in a fantasy that he really is that person. He is enormously attracted to Guy A, yet he can't actually meet because he isn't who he says he is. He is living a fantasy that he is someone else. The image, the person you are in love with doesn't really exist. Try to get him to change his tack and be real with you so you can see who they really are.
Many men have standards, pity their hearts and minds don't really go along. Our Primitive impulses, instinctual &amp; hormonal, seldom respond to higher brain guidance. My advice, go with the flow, it may be just what you need to become a better man. Only the future knows....
Grindr. It's really that simple. Explain you are seeking a new experience, that way more experienced men can lend a hand. (so to speak)
Be consistent. Neither ugly nor nice. Continue to state the obvious, "I am not interested". That doesn't make you a jerk, it makes you kind.
HAHAHA, No, "Gun Oil" pretty cute. Buy him the kind of lube you like and use it. :)
Oh! I get it, thanks!
Awesome!
Hey Bro, I do relate. Here is what I can offer. As Gay people, we sometimes have bad childhoods and can suffer tremendous negative emotions that many straight people just don't understand. For me, I felt as if recall of my childhood was like walking a minefield that could harm me at any moment. I felt counterfeit, I felt disconnected, I felt lots of negative emotions. What I learned from counseling was to face my fears. To become willing to endure the storm of emotions. To observe self care so that I meditated and read positive affirmations each day so that when negatives came at me I could stand fast and feel them and release them. Today I don't have to harm myself behind my emotions. For many years I used alcohol or food to try and manage my emotions. Today I allow them to exist without judging myself, without harming myself, knowing that a feeling isn't a fact and that they will pass by if I remain steadfast and connected to me.
Well, this is fucked up but here goes. I wore a really nice dress shirt and slacks with some nice Rockport shoes to work the other day. The shirt was a tall size and the slacks were just a hair big so I felt pretty good and snagged some attention. I went to the bathroom and was talking to this guy and didn't realize I wasn't all the way zipped up. I walked into a conference room and sat down at the table and it became apparent because the tail of the shirt was sticking out the top half of the zipper.....I had to lead the meeting after I tucked in and zipped up. $:
Bro, that's a lot. Let's take it one at a time: &gt;....very defensive about sexuality Ok. What do you have to prove? We aren't straight. We are all gay and we all suck cock and bottom or top. Focus on what they say about their sexuality. Remember that no one can make you feel inferior without your permission. Remember that you are an awesome gay dude and you have good sexuality. God made you gay to show the world that love has no limits. &gt;....very competitive about my sexual experience Why? I have had a three way, I have been topped by a black guy, does that make me better than you? Hell No. The key element is that you did what you did and it was special to you. Fucked a guy in a glass elevator? You go boy, still no different, deep throated a hung guy? Who cares - did you like it? That is what is important. I held hands and wrote his name all over my notebook, yep, just as gay. Chill, gay sexual behavior is unique to the Gay having it, hope he had fun. No winners, no losers, fucked a bro on Halloween that was hotter than Zac Effron and it still doesn't matter, did YOU dig it? &gt;....deeply insecure about being gay &amp; place in society Work on self acceptance. When you know that Gay People are equal then you will be equal. It really is that simple. Investigate how you feel about gay deep down, and face it, when you believe you have nothing to be ashamed of then you will cease to be ashamed. &gt;....deeply scarred by breakup At least you were in love! Better To have loved and lost than never to have loved at all. Treasure your pains, because you earned that shit. Maybe he hurt you, but you did have a relationship! Not a failure dude, a rite of passage. No one gets to Mr. Right without at least one Mr. I-got-dumped. &gt;....defenses are up when meet gay bros Ok, look. They can hurt you. But they can also be a understanding pal who tells you when you need to not date a drug user or not lend your car to your drunk boyfriend. They might be the one who tells you that they like you but don't wanna have sex because they have a boyfriend. Don't be afraid of gay people, their not any more scary than a churchlady. What are they gonna do? Suck you to death? Tell you that you are too fat or not cute enough? Phuck em! It ain't like they are all going to want to bed you. Some will, usually the ones you aren't particularly interested in. And the one guy you think is so hot you would die if he spoke to you might not know you exist. He will "be strong" too. Phuk em! Relax. They can't hurt ya. &gt;....confuse friendship with attraction Ah hell, we all do this when we get horny, keep beating off regularly and just try to be open with yourself about the guys you find attractive. Ask them for their number, be courteous and try to ask them out. One of them might go for it, and if they say no it hasn't cost you shit. &gt;....how do I present myself when meeting gay bros Be nice, be clean, and try not to talk too much. Let them steer, and just try to enjoy yourself. They might be nervous around you, you don't know unless you talk. Just chill, all is as it's supposed to be. Take care, hope this helps. Good Luck!
Do you at least put out?
Bullshit. If this is all true then for goodness sake at least kiss him or something. Don't be focused on the past, stay in the NOW.
Couldn't resist, sorry
It means to have sex.
Take your shirt off, leave your pants on, and have some fun. Gay clubs will get you face to face which is more fun.
I am friends with a couple of Gay doctors, one single, one married. It doesn't really matter to me as I am successful in my own field and pull six figures on my own. They do live in a much bigger house tho...LOL.
Hasn't made me sick. I don't think it makes anyone sick. Doctors have killed more people than eating out a boyfriend's starfish. JUS SAYIN
Send your number and say, call &amp; meet for coffee?
AWWWWWW.......I hope you get a proposal, that is so Sweet!!!
Dude, Really good post! Nice that you put yourself out there. Thanks!
Sometimes sexy times make the heart grow feelings. For me it always was a closer, but I was kinda emotional about getting naked and never really hooked up with like FWB or one night stands but like once or twice. Don't hold back, hang out with guys, make meet ups and dates, and if it goes there don't shy away, dick him down if it's right, but don't be afraid to let your feelings tell the story either, get me?
If you are going to use a razor you will probably get razor burn using a triple blade, use a single blade razor and take a long hot bath first. Put bath oil in the water and lotion your skin prior to cutting the hair. Easy does it, don't rush, take your time and moisturizer after.
Being kinky with a one night stand or hookup is a lot less threatening than a guy who you live with, try to talk, and be patient with yourself as you leve with him.
Some guys would get an ego boost out of it. It can change how the interactions between friends go. If he knows you think he is hot it may become a topic of conversation.
Hey Dad, sorry it's happening, but there are some resources to use. I am a father, I am 48, I have a son who is straib t and I am gay. I am married, my husband is also here. Look, the thing that needs to be addressed is how your boy is engaging in risky behavior. The motivation for it is not clear to you, but must be clear or it will keep happening. The sex with older men happened because he didn't get a normal outlet for expressing his sexuality with his peer group. The older men were more than willing, so he is spending time trying to feel his way at being gay. He needs to be taught to respect his body, and his sexuality. If he had been fooling around with another boy his age, you might be surprised, but there wouldn't be a power differential. These older men are treating him probably well, he is getting some needs met, sexuality and sex needs, but he isn't doing so appropriately. He has skipped holding hands and first kiss, and snuggling or dating and went straight to age disparate sex. They are probably giving him money, and he is probably afraid to level with you or anyone that he is in over his head. He isn't the first gay kid to trade sex for some intimacy or some money and feelings of power. They probably make him feel good, not just sex, but feel good from a self esteem point. If you put your mean face on and lay down a bunch of rules and freak out on him he may just jump ship and go to them for the safety and security and get his desires and needs met. You need to put this on and figure out how to take care of his needs and discuss with him How these people don't and can't be bothered to care for him. Explain why it's dangerous and just try to reach out for examples of appropriate relationships that will nurture him.
Hi Dads, So I am a dad to a straight kid. He lives with me and my husband and is currently 22 going on 13 due to Aspergers and video games. So why do you have reservations? Because you feel guilty about lying to your friends. Think this one through for a minute. You maintain a good environment, and do a good job of raising your son, and obviously this other family trusts you. So in the light of a new revelation of their "boyfriend"status, how do you maintain that trust while still being sensitive to their son's privacy. Well, here it is in a nutshell. Do not allow their son to be taken advantage of, do not allow open sex to be going on, do have a talk with your son about appropriate limits, and institute practices that will make it a little inconvenient for the boys to be out with you about their relationship while hiding it from their other set of parents. Don't let Ian know that you guys think it's cute and approve, even though "Awww", you need to keep some friendly distance. Ensure that your son and his boyfriend don't enjoy freedoms and privileges that the other set of parents would be offended by, or wouldn't allow. Discuss this with Kevin and tell him your rules for his behavior with a boyfriend. Being supportive during this time in their lives is a unique opportunity and wonderful gift. It doesn't excuse common sense rules and allowing a sense of propriety to be observed especially in public spaces. You absolutely cannot tell the parents because you shouldn't out Ian, that just isn't ok, no matter how well they treat you guys, behind closed doors it may be a different story for the boy. Pump the brakes, try to keep your son on an even keel and let Ian take care of himself. Keep your place from being the watchdog, ensure Kevin knows what is right and that he will be held accountable for treating his boyfriend respectfully. He can't expect you guys to lie for him, but not sharing the whole truth is acceptable. That is how I would handle it. BTW if you feel they must be told, meet with your son, and encourage him and Ian to tell them. It just isn't your place.
He gets to be himself and gets to control interactions with his family, as do you. Let him be in the drivers seat. If it is a deal breaker for you, then discuss how to reconcile marriage to a family you don't know. Establish some ground rules about your interaction and figure out if you can deal. When I and my husband married, my family was not involved at all. They do know him, but we seldom have any contact, I insulate him from their homophobia and also limit my interactions with them.
&gt;left hand..... NICE BRO
Dude, get over yourself. He didn't ask you to be exclusive, live together or get married. Those are commitments, this is a show. If you don't want to go, don't go, if you want to make the time to see him, it's a good possibility that you might just enjoy yourself..
I have an older brother who is straight and homophobic and racist. We haven't talked since 2005. I am also a twin, he is straight and I am gay. We are fraternal, which means we were like siblings born at the same time. We are not shared DNA, nor same eye color, hair color, or resemblance. He and I get along pretty good.
Just meet him and then decide, if he gives off a bad vibe then bounce, but for real an older guy will help you figure it all out.
You don't want to, you shouldn't, this is how life is, no opportune times, weird habits you normally would freak over, and way too busy for a new man. I always did what I always did and got what I always got until I went "off script". Dude, this is your life calling and saying let go of your script, let it happen and relax.
Interesting for gays who grave a lot, especially to the African and Europe areas mentioned.
Probably if I was single and he was cute.
Ok, secrets out....rock paper scissors.
I was having sex from a very young age, 12. So I knew they were pushing me to do stuff, and I thought eventually I would grow out of it. Parents sent me to be fixed, got married, and guess what, still gay.
Therapy. It is what can help you deal with you, and that is what is causing you pain, irrational fear.
My thoughts, IF you are really into a guy, AND you trust him to explore with you, THEN, Bottoming will be a wonderful experience. IF you aren't into him, and just trying to find out if you can do it or not, then you shouldn't...it can hurt, it can make it hard to do it again. It takes being turned on to bottom, when you are into a guy it makes it much easier.
Dodge Charger daily beast. Share a Chrysler 300 AWD Leather Sedan w/ Husband on weekends He drives a Chrysler Sebring Touring Convertible daily. We don't have a dream car. Just like to be able to afford transportation without drama.
You can become "suddenly Religious" You can suddenly "acquire an STD" You can be "hurt down there" Or Suffer from "Sexual Addiction" There are lots of ways to let them down easy...just claim you are unable due to God, Injury, Infection, Abstinence, or "took some drugs and it won't get hard" ....you will think of something.
Totally low risk. If you are worried about it, get some PrEP.
Monogamous - 5yrs &amp; 9mos
We both were looking for a relationship, and it worked out. It took a lot of hard work, but totally worth it.
You obviously haven't done this before.......
Will your family open it? S nod it to a friend's house.
There is great value to being honest with yourself. When you tell others, self awareness is a byproduct. You become more self accepting as you become more open. You also become accepting of it and that banishes shame. The end result is more positive feelings about your own identity.
SPEAK UP, HE CAN"T HEAR YOU FROM HERE!!
I was always mistaken for a legal 21 yr old when I was still 17 and graduating from HS. I bought liquor for all my friends in college. Later on in life I developed a receding hair line, and a bald spot in back, and started growing some gray hairs. Today I look my age, no one thinks I am older than I am, but I am often referred to as "distinguished".
I gotta be real with you, if a guy isn't trying, if he is just laying there for it, I am not into it. There has to be a shared goal. When I am on bottom I make sure he knows where we are headed before the first kiss. All the undressing together, admiring each other, preparing, cuddling, slow stimulation that acquires urgency, and then the moment we together accomplish becoming ONE, as it becomes familiar, and momentary discomfort becomes aching need, we become fervent, reach for the Summit, his desire, my desire, all of it aimed at a shared peak, an aching need that cascades into an opera of sensation, a symphony of vibration as his throbbing ejaculation is gripped repeatedly by my sphincter and prostate. When it has ended, and ramped down to less violent, less intensity, more sedate and now admiring kisses, gentle caresses seeking affirmation of a shared coupling.....This is the essence of what it is to be FUCKED. One cannot do it alone. It must be shared. The top is not the only person in bed. His urgency is matched by the wanton NEED that rises out of adequate lovemaking. There is no sex like gay sex, it doesn't have an equal upon Earth.
Thx
My Son (22 yrs old) Has rather Severe Asperger's Syndrome (AS) and my Husband's Nephew (21 yrs old) also has rather severe AS as well. "Aspies" can develop some coping skills, so they can deal with the anxiety caused by the frustrations of living with some of the disabilities. Their mental function is usually not suspect, Aspies can be extremely bright, but their unique difficulties in communicating and navigating social situations are challenging beyond what is experienced by other mental health sufferers. Their lack of concentration of peripheral and inability to understand do not provide them with the social cues everyone else takes for granted. Extreme literal interpretation of communication, lack of perspective understanding of sarcasm and humor, and often a very different perception of the world around them are hallmarks of my understanding of AS. In my son's case, self care is a daily battle. He doesn't understand when he says things that precipitate anger or distrust, he doesn't really comprehend or think about much that is not in his "Zone". The Anxiety medication can keep him calm and avert him from becoming agitated. Often Aspies have ADHD as well as AS which results in their difficulty understanding, comprehending, carrying out, and being successful in Work. The earlier diagnoses result in social groups, therapy groups, and psychological treatments that result in coping skills to minimize difficulties. Once an Aspie has aged out of High School, it is difficult to find the same type of treatment and help that is available while they are still young. They are painfully naive, because they do not comprehend all that is happening around them, and often Aspies turn out somewhere on the LGBT spectrum of Identity. Keep in Mind that medication does not exist to improve his AS. AS was discovered and mapped to a set of behaviors, but it is not caused by or identified with any particular malignant disorder. There is no "Missing Protein" or "Brain Chemistry" that can take away the symptoms like there is with schizophrenia or other Mental Diseases. It is developmental in nature, and without the coping skills that come from social interaction and trial and error growing up there is not a quick or easy solution. Having said all of that, He is in famous company, Bill Gates, Alan Turing, Albert A. Einstein, and Abraham Lincoln are all rumored or confirmed Aspies. It is more like a disability than a disease, compare to blindness rather than schizophrenia. So the sky is the limit depending on the individual. Best of Luck, B
Well, TBH I am married, but my belief is that lots of guys in their 30's are looking for love, relationships, Triads, Open Arrangements, and everything else under the sun. We live in the Pacific North West and Gays here are plentiful and somewhat visible.
You are so Welcome. When the Doctors told me that they didn't think he would ever work or that I needed to come up with a trust fund solution for what to do when I am no longer able to take care of my son I freaked the fuck out. Some time, some gentle handholding with my husband, and some prayer has taught me that my son is not a problem, he just experiences quite a few from time to time. He has been more vocal being around me, and I hope that in time he will learn the coping skills he needs to work, play, and live in the world without having to have parents shield him. He uses public transit, and plays video games, has friends at the game room. I am working with him to develop his abilities, and keep hoping for him to keep his spirit up. He is a very happy individual and has a wonderful way about him. I hope you enjoy your relationship with your boyfriend!
I'm Gay too! Glad you can type it, one day you will say it!
3 months, Gay years are like dog years, :) so that means each year is seven years. So three months is a year and half or so....heheheh. Ok, it was more like two and a half months because I asked him could I stay because of a forty minute drive home. :)
She and I parted when my boy was two or so. We had a hard time, but eventually got over our discontent with each other. We are friends now, she remarried and never stopped me from seeing my son, I paid child support and extras when I could.
Which one? The catcher is HOT
Think twelve once soda can. It's a nice piece, I was lucky to be toting it through life, all my friends were smaller than me. But on the con side, I have only rarely gotten blowjobs, became obsessed with being deep-throated, two maybe three times only so far, and guys have looked at me naked and changed their minds about anal before. In reality, it's just a penis. It happens to be attached to a nice guy, but it's still just a penis.
Somehow gay boys figured it all out way before you tube.....wonder how that happened... :)
Come out, get your own business done, and be real. The changes you go through will bring your maturity forward. I think he got scared when you associated coming out with him. Coming out is personal, can be filled with some trauma, and often is a two steps forward and one step back sort of process. I think he felt uncomfortable being "blamed" for changes that were going on in your life. Go ahead and get your business done, and then see if you can reconnect with him after.
Limits Bro. Send him a card that says, "Hey, I am sorry we don't talk, I still love you even though we don't agree." I would suggest meeting on Neutral ground. Don't try to go back to the home, where he is the ruler and the King. Meet in a restaurant and ask prior that if things get tense you will be expecting to end amicably rather than a storming off situation. Point out that you would prefer to keep some subjects off the table and obtain a commitment from him that he wants to see you, not mom wants him to see you. This can be done by letter before the meeting. Remember that you and he have to work this out. She can't really be involved. So approach him directly. Send him a card. Then send him a letter saying you would like to meet if he is open to it, please respond if you are willing and with the understanding that if things escalate we agree to change the subject. Good luck Bro
"Wow, if I only knew you better, we'd be naked." I used to say this to boys in public surrounded by their friends. It was a stretch, but it paid off so many times. Guys would be flattered and it would start a conversation.
My experience says no. Tried to be str8. Huge failure. Married divorced, cheated, gay. Was having gay sex at twelve, now am forty eight...nothing is different, except how I talk about it.
Dude he is trying to get attention. What he does with it once he has it remains to be seen. If I were you I would risk it.
You need to plug in to gay groups and hang out. It will help dispel your doubts and shore up your confidence. I heard a gay pastor say that God created gay people to show the world that loved defied all limits. Remember that saying "I am Gay"* is just about the most powerful change that can be made in a persons life. It is an AFFIRMING change that embraces LIFE, TRUTH, and your undeniable sexual DESIRE. it says to the world that you will not be ashamed of who you are, nor will you keep quiet about who you want to be with. You will be proud of being who you are because gay is who you were meant to be. You embrace love and open yourself to relationships and sex, this is what the straight kids are doing and no one bats an eye. *LGBTQ- trans or whatever your gig is
"If I told you you had a nice body, would you hold it against me?"
Watch his eyes. If you can't tell, maybe he can.
Nekkid
Well, that was a lot. Look, you are really on to something here, and you should hang onto it. The reality is that you have developed coping skills. You sense a deadfall trap in front of you and actually remind yourself that negative self talk is bad for you. Stop. End of story. Don't back up, don't reverse, just hold it. That was some really good shit,many most of the time behavior modification employs just these type of observations and directed focus. Now you, sensing that you have some coping skills, you don't stop, you forge ahead and discount your methods and look for reasons to still engage in some negativity. Stop. Go back, use the coping skill, you acquired it because it is necessary to your survival. Lastly, you will meet someone, but guess what? Since straight people represent 95% of the population, there are exponentially more partners for them. Let's do the math. 320 million * 95% result / 2 = 166 million straight men and 166 million straight women. NOW out of the remainder you got about 1/2 gender male who are gay or 8 million. The absolute truth is that it takes gay men longer because there are fewer of us and spread out over more of the population. A straight guy doesn't have to worry if the chick he is crushing on is straight, odds are, she is. A gay dude has to check quite a few more boxes to get laid, and even more to find Mr. Right. So chill, your life doesn't suck, it ain't you, it's ok Bro. Hang in there, and maybe you can find some one willing to go around the playground with ya!
I will not date anyone who is not out. Fuck that shit, hide yourself, I will be over here waving a flag and fundraising for gay rights.
Ok, you are quite correct that the situation is causing some problems. How to address those problems is really challenging. There are several issues, lets identify them. 1) Testing fidelity - Your partner has doubted your participation in the relationship by conducting investigations into your phone and behavior despite having no cause. He doesn't defend this suspicion, perhaps you view it as an accusation without cause. Meanwhile you do continue to trust him in word and deed by not accusing him or verifying his fidelity by checking up on him. 2) Confidence in Sexual attraction- Your response to your partner revealing he is excited about the idea of other sexual partners seem to revolve around how you feel your partner views you and is attracted to you sexually. Open relationships typically involve a basic tenet of desire to participate in the relationship regardless or despite sexual attraction to others outside the relationship. You need to address these issues by talking with your partner and explaining that it is foolish to open the relationship based on one partner's desire for sexual conquest outside the relationship, when there are both trust issues and sex attraction issues. Explain that his baseless accusations in the past demonstrate that he will be alert to your behavior, and your trust of him in the past goes without recognition, and that he should recognize that you have trusted him and not accused him of wanting others or of trying to hide surreptitiously contacting others. Go further and explain your confidence in his sexual desire is shaky at the moment and you need validation of his desire for you and request also that he contrast his desire for you with his desire for experiences with males outside the boundaries of the relationship. Ask that the threesome discussions of opening the relationship be tabled for six months. Explain that in the current environment you fear the loss of the relationship as a result of introducing outside sex and pressures on trust, fidelity, and attraction. Ask for the issues to be resolved in your relationship by affirmations of sexual attraction, demonstration of trust, and discussions about commitment to the relationship. Good Luck
What a tool you can be. Dude, he is doing the right thing. Get a handle on yourself for a moment and respect that he is right. In the current legal climate where we live a DUII can be assessed even if blood alcohol is zero. All it takes is admission of ingestion of intoxicants. So you can drink a sixer or a twelve and still be coherent, well great, that makes you in denial, not makes him a pussy. Still loving ya, glad your grisly bits of sarcasm still get posted. But Dayum, stop being so condescending will ya?
Don't listen to them. I had two really disparate relationships. When I was forty he was nineteen. There were drug problems coming to light for him and after seven months we could stand it no more and he began seeking help. When I was forty two he was eighteen. He was quite a handful and the family issues were constant but we had a year in when we parted. My husband is eight years older....yeah I know right, no logic to it. You can do as you like in this world, and real love waits for no man, sometimes we say and do what we think is impossible, and other times we surprise everyone including ourselves. Enjoy it. You don't owe explanations and there are many others who choose as you do. Don't let them shame you.
Just because no one said anything doesn't mean you aren't in a relationship. Start vocalizing about what you are feeling and what you want in life and see what he says.
I confront them. I ask them when did they choose to be straight. I mention that if it were a choice there would be no gay people, because why would anyone choose to be gay? I ask them to think. I explain that gay identity is a trait just like straight identity, and that while development is not fully understood by science or medicine, it confronts us each day with the reality of its presence each day and that if you believe all men are equal then stop pretending that gay discrimination is ok. Otherwise rethink your position because most people who say that gay is a choice like being bigots, they tend to pretend we are very different than them and blame us for being gay so that it's ok to hate us. In reality there are no differences between the two. Gay or straight, we both grow up with awareness of who we are. We both have families, and all that goes with that. We need no approval from straight people to live, exist, or reach for our dreams. All we need is the same chances that heterosexual privilege grants them. So there in a nutshell is where I would go.
Just chill and fade out.
Five months in and you are in love, yet you have never met. You have never eaten together, seen a movie, been in a date, had sex, held hands, or slept together. Call me old fashioned, but until you can use that phone as a transporter, you still have to meet to be in "love" Yes, you are friends, but you allow yourself to conduct an entirely online relationship? It's more fantasy than reality! Meet the guy.
Go buy the pants from him on Tuesday and leave your number. Ask for him to wait on you.
Trolling........
"No, I have a husband. He is so much handier than a girlfriend."
Ok, look, you have to set the mood. Take your time. Begin smooching his face and tickling other areas. Look at him seductively and announce, " I am going to eat you up". Take your time examining his nipples, and then his penis, balls, and then his legs, his inner thighs. When you get close, decide what position to put him in. 1) on his hands and knees, 2) laying on his stomach, 3) laying on his back. Try leaving him on his back and raise his legs to allow access to his anal area. Look at him, make eye contact, smile, let him know you are enjoying this, then tickle his taint and areas around and near his anus. Lead up to it and then quickly lick a cross it once and see if he notices. You can do anything from tongue fucking to teething massage of that hole but make frequent eye contact and encourage squeals, screams, and moans from your lover. Let him contemplate being eaten out as if he is a confection. Smack your lips, and tease tease tease all around it before going for the absolute possession of all of him. Give him a oral run through of what is coming next, I always get horny for fucking when eating a guys ass. Good luck!
Get over yourself and love on the cute little kitten. Raise a second cat and be yourself, chill about the whole "I didn't choose this" it's just a fucking kitten man. If you weren't a cat person I would interpret this as controlling, but since you already have a cat, can you say overthinking?
Hahahahahaha, your ass is craving Dick! You gotta sex drive waking up. Nothing wrong with that, nothing wrong with craving ass either. All the sex drives make the world go around, bottom here, top there, flip flop fuck over there, it doesn't mean you are more one way or another, but we choose based on what we want because of sex drive. Horny for the cock, fine. Doesn't mean you will always want it or that you won't want to fuck him silly next week. Enjoy!
Oh yeah. All you have to do is look. There are lots of guys who want to meet an American guy and become his "boy". Often times this winds up being expensive. They want gifts, and want to be sugar babies, but yes, they do exist.
Yeah, I get it, getting up and feeding isn't fun, ask him to help you do it.
Totally!!!!
Well, you know, keep doing it your way, how's that working for you? THATS WHAT I THOUGHT. Dude, go talk to em, it' the only way to meet new people.
Well, tbh I just watch for lies. I need him to trust me and to be trustworthy. That's about it. The rest always works out.
The only thing that makes someone gay is coming out. So it's up to you always. Get blown. Jack him and play with his cock, it's fun. YES Gay men are the apex predator of oral..top of food chain by a mile.
Real ONeals !!!
Do you know ANYONE with a healthy relationship to porn? It is like candy, and like drugs, it stimulates us like caffeine or chocolate. Porn addiction is truly one of the negatives of "online"
Look man, Have a monogamous relationship, then if he and you want to fuck around go open. But keep in mind that a marriage isn't about who or what you are attracted to, or who you think is sexy, a marriage is about what you do. Sharing bills, goals, travel, raising kids, cars, being real, working through troubles, becoming a unit, to me that is what it's about. We are a couple, long term, married, closed, and it works for us, hope what you got is working for you too!
Tell him if he wants to cause drama, whip out his cock.
I have not been discussing it with others, nor seen it before. However, I am an American, and not active on the Apps you mention. The Youth (especially the LGBT variety) tend to be very accepting and desire greatly to have no limits on their feelings or expressions. If they want to eschew monogamy (as they often do), their results can often include emotional pain and lost partners. Open relationships are held up as a standard or a goal, as if one "should" or "ought" to be able to navigate one. In reality, a "Relationshipanarchist" is not actually eschewing relationships, they are just calling it a "non-relationship". The act of talking about "rules" and "how do you feel" when negotiating sex IS A RELATIONSHIP. Every relationship has to have correctly negotiated rules in order to operate well or it fails to operate. The arrangement must ensure that both or all parties needs are met. "We" must "agree" on who is to do what with "whom, when and where". Even though they claim they are "Relationshipanarchists", it seems to me that they are in relationships with each other.
Interview Therapists. Get a synopsis online for the different symptoms / situations you face, then using the research you have uncovered about your own difficulties, prepare some questions for the potential therapists: 1) Discuss the Proposed Testing regimen that will determine diagnosis. 2) Discuss the Proposed Treatment that will eliminate symptoms 3) Discuss the length of time Testing, Diagnosis, and Treatment usually take 4) Discuss the proposed payment terms of the Testing, Disagnosis &amp; Treatment. If you do this with four therapists, and pick the one you like the best, you will very likely end up with someone who can help you. Good Luck
Guys use words to try to re evaluate their feelings after a same sex encounter. He wants you, he likes the intimacy, but some of the things he may say could be just left over from his past. He may not realize how to navigate his feelings as he is becoming more and more deeply involved. Both of you fasten your seat belts, this is going to be a bouncy ride. Good Luck
NYC is the most expensive, KC is the cheapest Miami is the warmest It depends on what kind of work/school you want to attend....more info?
Really??? Fear is a strong force but seriously, stop. Don't ask for love, and caring, and deeply being with someone. Plan on a few minutes of conversation over a cup of coffee. Then if they say "no" it won't seem like the end of the world. After all, you can seduce them later after you get to know them. Stop investing ALL OF YOURSELF into the offer, it is just a date. Learn to say "no". It will make you feel less vulnerable and less like you have to have a "yes"
You may not realize this, but you have very little to loose. Be Honest and let it happen. If he gets skittish, give him some room. Let him know you respect him and all will be well
This is the right of it....make up. Call up your drag queen friend and get them to show you how to blend it and pick a shade no one will be the wiser.
Oh my gosh....I would never......ever....... Well, I was cleaning it one time and it went off accidentally.......
Nope...they are just more relaxed about discussing it. Men dig it more, and it is easier to tap a guy because they usually don't care about feelings and are down for the deed.
Dude, he broke up with you. Time to face the music, leave him, or kick him out, and get on with your life. Sorry...but it's time to get real.
Why do you want to know? Confidence is sexy, move past the "is he?" and move on into the "will he?" Look into his eyes and suggest what you wanna do and quit playing it safe.
GO FOR IT Stay naked, enjoy your life.
The difference between a thick one and a thin one is time. Since a thick one is bigger it takes more foreplay and more time to get it in, and more time to get him comfortable.
Come out, introduce him to the people you are deploying with, if this is your life let him share it, but he must be willing and you have to be willing as well. A year long deployment is something that can end many relationships. you guys are lovers, live together, and spend all your free time together, take the plunge and marry? Then introduce him to the rest of the "wives". I am out on the job, so is my husband, and both of us are masculine.
I work on cars, own tools, welders, air compressors, et cet. I am a masculine guy, my husband is similar, does his own rehab work on house we get into DIY, all that right? So, we don't have makeup or hair product, and most people seem to assume we are straight until it comes up or they see a picture, see we are both out at work. We do have some funny traditions, my husband will call me the "momma" to our two dogs, "go tell your momma you need to go outside" and He and I split up household chores, he does all the laundry wash and I fold, he loads the dishwasher and I unload it, he does most of the cooking, and I help by cutting and mixing or w/e. We usually don't refer to anyone as straight acting, but I would think that we are, because unless we tell them, they wouldn't notice, or so it seems.
Dozing off, so calling it a night. It was heartfelt, and I loved yours. Yes, missing toe iches sometimes, but not bad. He was a good catch, I am a better me when he is part of my life. We are so lucky..thank you, you also are going to find a good guy, because of who you are and what you have done with it. Talk again soon My name is Geoff
Yeah, I hear that. It is not easy to be out and it takes strength of character and conviction to push past it when doubt and insecurity rear their heads, but the truth is We are never afraid of what our peers think, we are afraid of our own opinions.
Dreams change.
NICE!!
I like them all....dressed, undressed, covered, uncovered, cut, or uncut....some many cox....so little time...
Settled into a mature life, also 100% gay. I can do it with a woman, but there isn't any interest there. I don't like it, don't really want to, no spark of interest, no attraction what so ever. BUT&lt; I could make myself if I had to.
Have you tried kissing her? If you throw wood while kissing, I would say you are down for the deal. Good Luck.
I had my first at 27, we met at a bar, went home and shared a shower, and he moved in for about a year and a half. Still friends on Facebook, he is in NC.
1st, relax. You can do this. 2nd, go get on Pep, it is for prevention after contact. It will ensure that you don't contract HIV even if exposed. 3rd, talk to a medical professional, they don't use assumptions or minimize risk to ease your feelings, they don't panic, nor assume more risk than exists. Good Luck Man...its gonna be ok.
You need to be in control. Perhaps you sit down on his member. That way he isn't "penetrating you" you are penetrating yourself with his Penis. Try also getting some poppers, they are good for involuntary muscle relaxation, and then also use a toy each day for a while. That will help as well. How was your mental state? Did you feel like you were fixing to get a special surprise? or Were you secretly pleased that you were unable to seal the deal? Examine what was going on because fear is powerful and will short circuit feelings of desire. Good Luck
Dude, have a conversation. Forget the apps, it isn't giving you the access to him you want, so talk.
Did you guys sleep together? 5 dates should have revealed something.....if you did, message him. If not...then that may be why he is ghosting you.
If he has one I don't have to take him places.
Straight boy, Cuban / South American, hot as F. Was a long long long time ago...but yes, remember like it was yesterday.
YMMV. Not a lot of guys agree on this stuff. Some guys are into eating fiber and chill. Some guys are full cleanout enema or no sex. Some guys are just clean it, swab it out with a finger and make sure nothing is in there. Do what you like, the less you do the more it will have a "smell" during vigorous sexual activity. More water and washing actually dries it out more and makes it much more easy to have an injury. So....six of one, half dozen of the other.
You need to take care of your health bro. You are saying now that "when he gets back" there will be "no unprotected sex". Go and get tested and get on pep if you need it. See what a medical professional says, they won't evaluate your risk from a "authentic" or "deep conversation". Now that you are protecting your health, realize that some guys can't keep it up for condoms, and some guys say one thing to get laid, and actually do other things because they are habits. He may be a habitual app user. He may have a light addiction to it. I don't know, what I do know is that if he is sleeping with other men without protection it may be a serious health risk to you. So take action.
I wouldn't take it lightly at all. I read that several times and had doubts about whether or not to advise you that I felt he might have already stepped out on the relationship. I was so unsure I said nothing, but I don't think asking and getting for real answers about what he wants going forward is a bad thing.
shorts and a tee, or boxer briefs and an undershirt....sometimes just a long tee that hangs lower than my crotch. Sometimes nothing. It just depends.
Be honest with yourself about what you want and whether or not you are ready. Oftentimes we put that off on our partners who have little or no information and cannot judge whether to keep pushing or let it go.
Its none of their business who is fucking who. Tell them they don't know because it isn't their party.
I have always been the fat guy. LOL
Absolutely he would have. Just ask Corretta.
Just be up front about what you want. Plenty of massage guys around, some may even want to do you up, just be clear about what is off limits and you should be gold. Oh...and agree on a payment prior. You don't want them doing it for free and using that as leverage. Just be up front, not everyone fucks just because they are naked....but lots do.
I would just tell her. "Mom, need five minutes, gotta tell you about something. I have decided to level with you about my identity. I have known for a while I am gay and will be dating other males. Just want you to know that I love you and nothing will change that."
Just post a pic bro.
Be strong, It's not your place to police his behavior, you need to police your own. Your choice to be in relationship just like his.....see?
Paid off home mortgage. We just refinanced our home after five years into a fifteen year mortgage. We need to be able to be paid off by the time we get ready to retire.
Upload a shot to Imgur, then link it here. Simple.
NICE UPDATE. Just be cool, don't worry about things you can't change, remember to have an "oh shit" plan now that they have threatened your job and your car and your freedom. That way if they find out you went on a date or something and go ape shit on you, you can crash at a friend's house for a week and move quickly. Good Luck Bro.
You need to add fiber to your diet. Many guys use a powdered fiber supplement or a pill that should help things out. Don't be afraid of sex, be a little more informed about your gastro intestinal tract. When your booty is more muddy, you need more fiber to firm up your waste feces. This will actually make it more difficult to poop and can be irritating to hemorrhoids, but most gay men find that change very helpful to add fiber to their diet.
He is trying to keep options open, drop it like its hot.
OK, well, it is really hard to accept it when our boyfriends/SOs/Husbands go through trials and difficulties. My husband was laid off from his job several years ago and it was frustrating because I was unable to help him really as he sought out work. Show faith in him, give him room to figure it out and let him know that if he needs you, you will be there. But let him figure it out. It may be that he needs to abandon school and work for a while. Maybe he will begin to get some success with the U and learn how to navigate to a successful degree and even maybe a job. At the end of the day, let him know that you aren't really into him because of what he is doing now, that is just noise, you are into him because of who he is. Good Luck.
