No. I used to be a woefully poor student and I work hard for what I have. Shopping is a hobby. Everybody liked to look good. I embrace my girly nature. There is nothing shallow about looking good and feeling confident so long as you don't judge others by what they wear.
Exactly. There are never going to be theories we all agree on in this sub. Calling somebody out on it is just rude.
I work with engineers. Everything that could be simplified requires a long, tedious process. It's all about formality. And engineers are so dry that I feel like I'm in episodes of 'The Big Bang Theory'. And just about all of them wear such bland clothes for function rather than style.
I signed up for Arbitrary Day, Reddit Turns 10, and Disney. My matches are good people and I wouldn't mind being friends with one. And two aren't lurkers, yay.
To be fair, Mona acted dumb at times and her best friend Hanna didn't know that she was A.
The boys look alike and I think that Charles has been confirmed as a diLaurentis. He is either a twin, cousin, or half brother to Jason. Andrew can't be one of the boys as he is Ali's age.
Bethany had a family and was in the grave. The actress for her most likely hadn't been cast. We can assume that the Liars know what Bethany looks like even if we don't. I have a hard time wrapping my head around Mrs D having twins and Ali. Now Mrs D might have hid Charles (if it's her own) but she wouldn't be careless to have another baby.
People licking their knives. Urgh, it repulses me and I really want to say something to them.
Ali was Toby's neighbour for a long time if I recall correctly. It would be extremely difficult to pass a kid off as being four years younger than they are. You can't say, pass an eight year old off as a four year old.
I think it's either Sarah Harvey or Charles himself.
Ha I've never liked her. I used to be in the minority and would get downvoted when I expressed my dislike of her. And now it's popular to dislike her. She irritates me to no end. I used to find Spencer insufferable but quite like her now.
Velvet. And fake flowers on hats.
Britney Spears perfume. Now that probably doesn't sound that bad but it was from my ex's mother and every year I would get one. I hated the smell and so ended up with five unopened celebrity perfumes at the end of the relationship. Nothing like expecting to get the same crap every year.
How luxurious. Worth every penny. I would love a homemade bag one day. You've got good taste and know what you want.
My friends don't watch this show. And most people I know talk about 'Game of Thrones'. I'm not into fantasy. I'm a girly girl who likes literature, old films, drama, so this show is perfect for me.
I don't think that they would make the connection that Cece wore a yellow top. I actually don't think that Cece was there at all that night.
I thought that it might have been Andrew.
I find it interesting that there are (rightly so) downvotes when it's noticed that a cast member has put on weight. Yet a few of you mock Toby's chin, Sydney's lips, Tanner's hair, Paige's chin, etc. Be nice.
My theory that he was involved in a fire at Campbell farm which got him sent to Radley and why the farm closed down.
No, because he was a doctor when he was dating Melissa before the A shenanigans. If Charles had been doing A stuff before Mona, then Wren would be the world's most useless detective.
In my hipster uni days, I used to play 'Imitosis' repeatedly. I don't think I fully comprehended the lyrics but I had indie cred for 'discovering' him.
But Wren has been in England. A has been pretty hands on and would have had the satisfaction of watching the girls suffer. Charles is/was a diLaurentis so how would you explain that relationship? And Charles in the video has blue eyes.
I think that Charles thought that she was actually Ali. Maybe he didn't know the real Ali very well.
We don't have to literally see him in England as Spencer's mother was communicating with him and Melissa. If I recall correctly, Spencer said that staying with them was fine. There's no reason to not believe that he and Melissa aren't in England apart from saying that they aren't to fit a theory. A bit like how we don't need to literally see where the parents are if they're not relevant to the plot.
I just watched 'Josie and the Pussycats'. I want to see everything with Gabriel Mann.
'Well the last train out to Sydney's almost gone'.
'I like Aeroplane Jelly...'. 'My dad picks his nose...'.
Australia.
Jason and Andrew are different ages. Andrew is the same age as the girls.
Cece is quite a bit older than Ali. We can assume that the two yellow dresses were identical so it's very unlikely that Cece and Ali would have been the same size when they were kids.
But why would the parents go along with that? That seems twisted even for PLL that they forced him to be his dead brother.
Andrew has lived in Rosewood for quite a while. You can't pass off a kid as being seven years younger than they are.
I got into LK Bennett because I was googling her shoes. I have one pair of strappy heels that are gorgeous though expensive. And Reiss heels are so nice and not hugely pricey on sale but I'm being good. Gosh, for a girl who is into bags I do look at shoes a lot.
Maybe Uber A isn't necessarily bad. Maybe they can't control the violent and sadistic Charles. They just have their plan and are trying to get justice. We've seen good people be pushed into doing bad things when they're at their wits end.
Or maybe he kidnapped Sara because he thought that she *was* Alison. Maybe he didn't know the real Ali very well.
Is that a euphemism?
I really don't think he's a bad policeman. He's in a difficult position as he has loyalty to the girls but tries to stay professional. And he does do arrests like he's instructed to like with Egg. And if my partner had been hurt by a maniac, I'd be extremely unprofessional about it as well.
I just don't think he's Charles. We can assume that Charles is one of the boys in the home video. I do believe that the boys are Jason and Charles with the baby being Ali. Andrew is the same age as Ali so he can't be one of the boys in the video as he would have been a baby himself.
Downvote for 'duck lips'. Her lips are fine, be nice. I don't like it when you guys mock the actors' looks on here.
I'm so over the Toby circlejerk. I felt so sorry for him when he first appeared and was an outsider. He's been through a lot, what with being bullied and being sent to juvie for something that he didn't do. He of course got emotional and irrational and joined the A team. I'd do whatever I had to do to uncover the truth about my family. I like Spoby but I personally feel that Spencer is in the wrong most of the time when they argue. Spencer gets a lot of love on here but she's not a very good girlfriend. She cheats on him and acts bratty when he has to work late and can't bend the rules for her. The way that she acts you can't blame him for being a bit possessive. He does have to work on his communication skills a bit though as he doesn't do well when Spencer is being emotional.
I like the watch. Personally I'd stick to the traditional watch brands so Citizen, Seiko, Tissot, Casio, etc. A watch ought to be classic, not trendy. Maybe get her something with a thin strap. Michael Kors make popular watches though not to my taste and most girls like Kate Spade. I wore a steel Guess watch when I was at uni that was simple, adjustable, and not horribly blinged and logo'd.
You're lucky you've never had to deal with a cockamouse.
Emily is getting Single White Female'd.
Unlikely that Toby is Charles. There is about a five year difference between them and it would very difficult to pass a kid as being five years younger than they are.
I live in Aus and hope you have me! Maybe try and send it from retailers like Myer, David Jones, JB Hifi, Dick Smith? I bought my Macbook from Dick Smith and the prices are lower than from the Apple store.
Ayy...lmao.
I loved Anastasia Krupnik! Thank you for giving me a literary friend throughout my childhood.
Ha, you understand what it means? Always nice connecting with fellow cat lovers.
Ella Montgomery. She never really put her foot down with regards to Ezra. She was going to marry a guy who she suspected had been inappropriate with a young girl, despite having a young daughter herself. Terrible parent and no wonder Aria is the way she is. I think Pam Fields is a great parent. Emily is the nicest, stable, and most rounded Liar.
'Men don't really like oral sex. It's a vicious rumour that was started in the '50s'.
I find myself missing a colleague who I'm sure liked me and then when he resigned, I let myself like him. I didn't want a work relationship. And nothing happened between us though there was definite attraction there. We could never make it work. Dammit.
I doubt that he would be significantly older enough to be relevant. He can't be Jason's age as people have theorised as you can't pass a kid off as being six years older than they are.
It could be Dean and Egg unfortunately. Both of them had a relationship of sorts with Spencer. And I think it was Egg who said that he had lived in Rosewood before.
I prefer the light blue shirt as well but personally don't like the olive top. Olive isn't really a flattering colour.
Of course but it's not an easy colour to wear or photograph. I've worn an olive green top and the colour looked muddier in pics. And as it's her engagement photos, I'd suggest a colour that's a bit nicer.
I don't think anyone was shocked about Mona being alive. I just didn't want her to be as I was sick of characters coming back to life. It would have been better if she had vanished. Mona is such a monster. She faked her own death so hurt a lot of people to let Ali take the blame for it. She's as sick as A is. I knew Sarah would come back.
I don't quite believe this story... It sounds a bit cliche and has elements in it to make you feel rage against his ex wife.
Yea, the story sounds fake to me. Soldier, affair, illegitimate child, conspiracy, etc.
The Unbreakably Kimmy Schmidt. Great comedic cast, odd, dark, funny.
I think that Noel Kahn was Beach Hottie. It's a bit more palatable for that Ali was sleeping with a guy who was actually about her age. It would also explain what she had over him.
If I understood the fetishes then they might be my own, right?
I know that Rosewood parents aren't great but disappearing on your son and husband for a few years and letting them go through the pain of thinking that you're dead is a bit much. She died before That Night.
We don't like Tony Abbott and Peter Costello.
To be fair to Veronica, I think she was genuinely looking out for Spencer's interests. It's frustrating for Spencer but the Hastings family did have a lot of problems with her pill addiction. Hell, Spencer might have hurt someone when she was high.
Marshall was the one who pressured her into Rome when she had misgivings. And after he persuaded her, took a job behind her back. I don't recall exactly why he worked at GNB but wasn't it because Barney pressured him by having him buy a super expensive suit? If you're referring to her debts, she supported him through law school and then owned up to her debts later buy selling her clothes. She was willing to divorce him so he could his dream home. Lily is my favourite character. I hated her stealing things but I feel that Ted blamed Lily for his and Robin's initial breakup.
I interpreted that scene as it being a psychological ploy to suss out Mona. He knew that she would correct him. 'Diagnosis' is a common word and you don't have to be a doctor to be able to spell it. Hell, if Wren was Charles, he would have become very familiar with that word.
There's not even that much downvoting in this sub. I've been on Reddit for a while and this is honestly one of the nicer ones with votes. I just don't like seeing threads calling out people on their not very believable theories. Let's not make fun of other people's theories even if they don't make sense. I hate seeing people make fun of the actor's looks like Tanner's hair, Sydney's lips, Toby's chin, etc.
I'm very sure that Wren can spell 'diagnosis'. It's a common word and you don't have to be a doctor to be able to spell it. I read that scene as him playing Mona who he knew would correct him and let her feel like she had the upper hand. Or simply, he misspelled it because he's human.
Then who do you think the body was? We hardly know anything about Bethany as it is. I doubt that they would introduce ANOTHER girl who was most likely there that night and wearing a yellow top.
But he was watching her scream and didn't do anything. It could have been an accident at the start but she was underwater screaming.
Common complaint on this sub is the revolving new characters.
He would have been old enough to understand when babies are in pain. And if a baby is crying, then they're obviously uncomfortable. So he was either being kind or cruel but either way, it's still disturbing behaviour. He had had violent tendencies before whether he meant them or not, though, this just happened to be the last straw. The di Laurentis parents aren't great but sending him to Radley would have been the last resort.
I get what you're saying. I do judge young Charles to be sociopathic but not mentally challenged, though. Not Rainman innocent but more a calculating person. I suppose because we see adult Charles as being so deliberate and meticulous.
The kids would have known but we're not the kids. The audience could have had theories about the name but nothing was confirmed till the finale.
I accidentally on purpose sent my ex's mother messages meant for him. I was devastated, angry, and begging him to call me. Didn't go down well and made me look like the crazy ex. But fuck him for dumping me over the phone after a four year relationship.
It would be such a cop out if Wren was A. He was introduced a British med student. Charles is a bit of a superhuman but having him fake a medical degree, get plastic surgery, wear contacts, fake an accent, fake a history, be adopted, secretly fly in from Britain regularly, is a bit of a stretch even for PLL. It seems unnecessary for him to do so and there have been no hints that he did that. For a disguise a beard would do, it would be easier for him to stay in Rosewood or a neighbouring town, he was at uni as that's where he met Melissa, saying that he was from a different state would have been fine. And he and Jessica had a scene together. A bit like the Charles transgender theories how people change Cece's gender to fit a theory.
God I hope not. I feel like Ali hiding a baby would be too dark even for PLL. Poor Ali was messed up as it is. I'm hoping Beach Hottie was Noel Kahn as it would be especially horrid if the 'father' was much older.
23 isn't old, don't worry about it. I got my first boyfriend when I wasn't much younger than you and I'm straight. And if you don't want a relationship, that's fine. Don't be embarrassed.
Dean was Spencer's sobriety coach. Egg is the guy who was living in the barn, who graffiti'd, stole the art, kissed Spencer, and got arrested by Toby. Annoying trouble maker.
My MacBook Air. It just works, amazing battery life, it's really lovely using it, and has better depreciation. I'm not computer savvy enough to be able to program and upgrade whatever so it suits my needs.
I use it every day so it's worth the price. I haven't seen many stylish, light, long battery life, sturdy laptops in that price range. MacBooks maintain their resale value better than other laptops.
Ina
Ooh, I want to do 7. But must limit funds as I spent a fair bit on this round of exchanges and I only did 3. Jewellery and nail polish are a definite. I'm a girly girl and I actually need the stuff. And jewellery might be small enough to ship in a small envelope.
I can't do a casual blazer. Looks great on other people but I still view blazers as being relatively formal. I can't do a blazer and jeans.
Zach is a nice guy but he's not the brightest bulb in the chandelier. Lane should be with someone more motivated and intelligent.
Oh god, I just read your story and like so many others, cried so much. Can you please share anymore photos of her? She's as beautiful as you described and you shouldn't sell yourself short.
Merci. Tres desole.
I want to be double teamed by Scott Eastwood and Max Irons. Their dads were hot in their prime but they are finer.
I often go on my soapbox as I'm passionate about certain topics. Probably more interesting for my friends to read rather talking about the weather, what people had for lunch, or shitty memes. Seeing somebody else's opinion on the same topic is interesting.
I take a lot of photos which can annoy my friends. I smile when I look at old pics and it's a good record for my friends and future family. You can't really regret taking a photo of a future happy family. It's a few seconds for a years of viewing pleasure.
Sci, that's terrible.
I'm a Melburnian and perma single so not going to try and get the ring. Mildly disappointed that Reddit used this story to advertise their site and then it got picked up by news sites before you had made your decision. You're going go get more people giving you a fake sob story or asking for money. Whilst the ring probably isn't cheap, the money isn't a big deal if it means transferring any negativity that might represent your engagement and giving joy to a happy young couple.
OP wants to give it to a happy couple. If they wanted to give it to the needy then they could have sold it and given away cash. There are 'deserving' people on Reddit. They probably give money to charity and nothing wrong with doing a good deed that doesn't involve charity.
Oh? Do you mean that he's gay or just that he's fine enough for men to admire?
Honey, it will be alright.
Please recommend me inexpensive dry cleaners that are in the city area. And does anyone here outsource their ironing? If so, what do you pay for it and can you recommend anywhere?
Thanks! I'll check them out. There isn't a chore I hate more than ironing.
I'm a girl and I wish I could control my emotions to not make myself cry. We cry from frustration more than sadness. I've only really known guys to cry from sadness rather than being overwhelmed by little things.
Lyam disease.
Out of all the weird and horrid names on here, this is the worst. I don't believe you or somebody is pulling your leg as there isn't a way that somebody would come up with that name. Horrible drug names you can sort of understand as the drug would have significance to the parent. It wouldn't be somebody with bad English as there isn't a word that comes close in their language.
I used to love the name Claudia because of Claudia Kishi. Got put off by it because of the meaning as well. The name Agnes has a nice meaning though I hate the sound.
Why is it controversial? I'm not a fan as I don't like surnames as first names and some would probably name him after Leonard Cohen.
They sound like characters in a children's book.
Ha, I couldn't help myself. The Tom Jones song is lovely.
The worst thing about Seattle is the weather? Sounds like a good place!
Which state do you live in? I love Australia, just hate how expensive housing is. None of that is great though it personally doesn't affect me. The politics isn't great but it's not as bad as everybody says. News Corp is awful and I get my news from SBS, ABC, and The Guardian. I've read better articles in the Daily Mail than I have on news.com.au I actually think that our mental health support is relatively decent, at least in my state. There is community counselling services and whatnot. Our welfare programs could be improved but we don't have as many poor people as say, America. Jobs are plentiful if you live in Sydney or Melbourne.
Art was okay but Paul was better. What did Art really do.
Beyond your price range (and mine) but I love (Stutterheim)[https://stutterheim.com/global/shop/raincoats] raincoats. But, ebay!
I honestly want a kitten. Can you please post a pic?
I can send you a cigarette butt pic.
But Australians don't refer to Aboriginals as 'blacks'. We use 'Aboriginal or Torres Straight Island background'.
Haha. Fair skinned people, that is.
He should have left her and gotten her help if she was serious about it. Breakups are a miserable experience and a lot of people think about suicide but it passes. He needs to take responsibility instead of being a coward and sneaking around behind her back. If she's got serious problems then this isn't helping.
Thanks, Redditing before bed can mean typos. Yea, 'blacks' is a racist term that wouldn't be on any official document.
Or something as simple as they had guests over and didn't want anyone to know that they were moving.
Poverty meant that she was unwanted and not found. They covered up the monster's crime most likely not out of love for him but fear of getting in authorities. Awful.
That guy is cute whoever he is.
You can see muscles. You can't really tell somebody's profession in an environment like a bar unless they're in their work gear.
What mystery? He just wants to live a private life.
Your comment sounds a bit offensive. Also it can be an issue for plus sized women to buy clothes. I'm not plus sized but back then plus sized clothes were either basics or garish floral prints.
I want a husband like yours.
Is 69 the 27 for film stars? I love him reading poetry.
Goddamn I hate when somebody brings up that accident. Hate her for any other reason if you must. It was a bloody accident and she didn't get away scot free.
RIP Alan Rickman.
Lily may have been his motivation but he was inherently 'good'. I thought that Lily was a bitch by dating her former friend's tormenter. She didn't bother with Snape after he clearly regretted calling her a Mudblood. And she never seemed to make poor Petunia feel less left out.
His homophobia has no relevance to why people hate him. It was a different era. This is ridiculous, it doesn't make him a dick. Hell, Elton John probably would have been homophobic back then. That's like saying Hitler was a dick because oh, he didn't like dogs.
I find this insulting to people who have experienced seeing their loved ones terminally ill. You cannot be a martyr and spend all available time in a hospital. You need a break and it's incredibly insulting to suggest otherwise. I think most people are passing judgement because of his coke use which isn't relevant.
I find it disappointing that you had to explain skiing whilst your wife was in hospital. A rational person would understand that would have been a tough time and you would need a break. Hope you're doing well now. It sounds like you're successful and like others, would love to hear more stories.
That reflects poorly on you, not Saudi Arabia. Can you not conduct yourself and not be drunk in public.
Cool, that doesn't make Saudi Arabia a bad country. And because of your experience which was mostly brought on by being drunk, you are dismissive of the country. Granted that it was unlucky that you stopped in a religious country but not many other countries would have taken well to you being 'irrational'.
I feel sorry for all of the guys named Ralph out there.
I hate people who lie about not having qualifications. Qualifications aren't easy to get as they are time consuming and expensive. It's insulting to people who do have them. Lie about tasks if you must.
Tbh, I wouldn't suggest that you apply for jobs until you're in the country. If you've never done a cover letter then I can assume that you don't have exceptional marketable skills and a strong work history. I'm guessing that you're going for entry level jobs and few people are going to go out of their way for that. Recruiters probably aren't going to consider your application as they would want you to be available now.
On the other hand, make an effort to look presentable. I think it's rude to go to a nice social gathering looking dirty.
Do you really think that it's okay? So there might not be any chance of relationship but you do the polite thing by finishing the date. She cleared her schedule and made an effort to come and see him. I've had bad dates where we had no spark and anything in common but I would never rudely finish it abruptly. Really, it's not like she behaved in an offensive manner to warrant his behaviour.
Whilst it's noble and whatnot to get a shelter pet, there isn't anything wrong with buying a pet from a responsible breeder. Vet the breeder to make sure that it's not puppy farm conditions. Shelters generally have older pets and those with health problems. With breeders you can choose specific breeds according to your lifestyle.
She specifically went out of her way to see him as she went to his house. They were about to go for dinner and then he told her to go home. What excuse could he make so he would not seem rude? Her food issues are childish but it wouldn't have killed him to get pizza with her. They got along otherwise apart from the food thing. Ending a date over something trivial is incredibly petty and childish. If somebody had cut a date halfway because they couldn't be bothered, I would be offended. I always finish a date out of respect and I'm not immature enough to write them off over the first trivial thing I don't like about them.
Fight or flight response.
To be fair, if you earn under a certain amount then you'd be eligible for certain government benefits.
The Templestowe Hotel's buffet is surprisingly decent for a buffet, though a bit out of the way. It's only about $30. China Bar Buffet in Burwood isn't bad either.
Quick Google search says that the second book is most likely 'Heroes' by Robert Cormier.
Queef of Farts!
I think that it's this as well. It's NOT 'The Secret History'. It's one of my favourite books.
Haha, you were such a cliche.
Good old hipster uni days. Friends and I would one up each other on how obscure how music was. I would listen to some boring music just because nobody had heard of it. A lot of the bands weren't popular because they were boring. Went through the Pink Floyd and The Beatles phase because I was too cool to like Katy Perry and Lady Gaga. I got into the indie scene and discovered Muse, Eskimo Joe, etc before my friends did though.
Influenced no doubt by The Craft and Charmed. Light as a feather, stiff as a board.
Ha, apart from the classic rock, it was pretty obscure. I was really into indie music. Muse and Eskimo Joe weren't mainstream when I liked them though.
You haven't said why you think that you're poison so no, I'm not going to believe that you are. You haven't said what's going wrong in your life. I think that you're just hurting and feeling guilty right now which is understandable but the pain will pass. A really poisonous person would have nobody miss them which isn't true for you as Bri would. If you feel like you've been poison all your life, what got you this far? It seems like you were able to form good relationships and whilst they might not have lasted, you were quite important to them. Just a few people should not determine your happiness and life. I'm not going anywhere. I may not care for you and be in your life but I'm a stranger and might be able to help you through.
&gt; i am. you wouldn't believe it even if i offered irrefuta le proof. it's okay. Try me and give me proof. No judgement here. It might be easy for you talking to a stranger like me. I'm not involved in your life so I can be objective. &gt; no, it won't. it's been years. most of my life, and i'm a grown adult. this isn't going to get better. it's only ever gotten worse over years What has gotten worse? Have you been abusing drugs? &gt; cowardice and ignorance Or perhaps you had a good social structure and were happy in your life. Maybe that's changed. Do you have any pets? Surely you have a hobby of sorts, maybe you like films and listening to music? &gt; many do. the end, An unfortunate fact of life is that sometimes you and people you were once close to no longer become friends. Some friends aren't good for you. You can form new relationships. If you don't want to seek counselling, try getting involved in social groups. Your local community should have classes and meet ups that you could be involved in. You posted on here so you must want to talk to somebody and those social groups would provide a lot of benefit.
It doesn't matter if you're unattractive to women right now. You're only 18 so plenty of time for you to get a girlfriend if you want. I don't believe that every single one of your friends is dating or getting married and even if they are, so what. Enjoy being single. I didn't get my first boyfriend until I was 21 and I was thin and cute. You are not defined by the relationships that you do not have so you need to tell your parents to stop pressuring you. Exercise and better eating will help you lose weight and has positive mental benefits. A job itself at 18 is quite good and very few 18 year olds have career type jobs. These part time jobs are not meant to be long term. You may have cheated but as long as you maintain your scholarship then it's fine. It's already been done so work hard and prove it. You have friends but to combat shyness, perhaps join your school's public speaking and debating clubs.
They Shoot Gilmores, Don't They is an excellent episode with plenty of conflict. It's a spoiler but there's a lot of physical attraction between Rory and Jess which Dean notices so Dean breaks up with her. Lorelei has a moment with Luke when she breaks her shoe. We meet the adorable Dave Rygalski. And the dance marathon itself is ridiculous with Taylor and Kirk being their truest selves.
You're Kimmy Schmidt's mum?
Seinfeld, obviously.
That cat is definitely the master. That piercing and confident stare.
&gt; No. &gt; no, no. What used to get you through the day? &gt; I think you completely misssed the point of everything i said. &gt; The problem is not "gee, in life sometimes you can't be friends with everyone." I am not an 18 year old college student down in the dumps. &gt; The problem is tht I am poison to everyone. When you said, "The actions and feelings of X should not determine your life." My response was "They don't. It isn't "a few" and its not "their actions." It's many, most, and it's my actions and my feelings. &gt; The end. You haven't said why you're poison or what you've done. I've made it clear that I'm not going to judge you and I'm willing to listen but you haven't told me much apart from repeating that you're 'poison'. I don't care if you've committed a serious crime, dealt drugs, spread rumours, stole, or cheated on someone. &gt; It's not, "an unfortunate fact of life, gee whiz kiddo, you jsut gotta learn to get back out there, sometimes you are no longer friends but don't sweat it son, you'll pick it up in no time." &gt; This is what I am. i am poison to everyone and everything. There is nothing in my life that would lead me to believe otherwise, and there never has been. This is not "gee it's unfortunate but sometimes friendships just end." I am poisonous toe veryone I am around. &gt; the end. Maybe I could help you find something for you to believe otherwise. &gt; i give up. you don't understand. i dont think it's possible for you to. that's okay. it's my fault. I can't understand if you're not talking to me. Help me understand. I'm talking to you right now and I've got a lot of time on my hands. &gt; No, I can't. Even if I could, it wouldn't fix anything. I would ust poison a whoel new set of people. I refuse to do that. That's one reason why the gun is my only option. You underestimate people. You might be 'poison' but some people like that. Some people can help you remove the poison. Live for yourself but don't do this because you're afraid of hurting future people you haven't even met yet. &gt; (1) It doesn't. I live far from aynthing like that, but (2) even if it did, I wouldn't go. I am pioson to everyone i meet, remember? I would jsut poison a whoel new group of people. Killing myself is the only way to prevent that. What makes you think that removing yourself from this world won't be more poisonous? I'm talking to you right now and despite you keep repeating that you're poisonous, I don't feel that you are. And if you have that affect on me then it might be the same for others. &gt; No, they won't. They never have. I wanted to talk to someone, maybe, but only so i didn't feel alone as i'm putting the gu to my head. As I mentioned, you underestimate people. You're not alone. I'm taking my time to talk to you and you may not think so, but others would to. &gt; Forget it. I can't explain it to you in a way you would understand, and you don't care about listening to it. &gt; i'm sorry. goodbye I'm trying, I really am. Help me understand. Explain it to me.
Possible though as you have experience though yea, you're crazy. Depending on how hard you work and if things don't go majorly wrong with the flooring like asbestos and termites, you should be okay. Is it only the wet areas that have lino? Kitchen appliance installations shouldn't take that long if you have a professional doing it so only a few hours on the same day. You need to take into account things like rubbish removal and need a backup plan should anything go wrong with the tiling. It will be so good coming home to a nicely done house after the honeymoon.
Is your kid Asian? You're white?
It has! 80s and 90s nights are popular at bars and weddings. Spice Girls and BSB 4 lyf. People love nostalgic songs and I may not know much about the Top 40 but we can know the lyrics to retro pop.
And so very straight
You've had over thirty interviews and haven't found anything? I'd say it's more how you present yourself.
I'm very much into the arts and have been to many, many of these sort of shows. Most people dress up though it's a very accessible show unlike say, the ballet or opera. This show would be quite family friendly so you would get all types. Jeans aren't common at musicals but nobody is going to look askance at you. I always wear a dress, skirt, or tailored trousers and heels. Part of fun of going to the theatre is dressing up though. I'm going to Matilda though Singin' in the Rain is one of my favourite films.
It's me, back again and taking to you. You're afraid of dying so it must mean that you want to stay for whatever reason. Talking about whatever brought you here can be cathartic. Who knows, I might help with you alternative options and ways to repair any broken relationships. I can maybe help make your time easier. I can't call the police on you. I don't have any of your details. You haven't given much away in your other posts so you don't have much to lose by telling me. Other people have offered to talk to you as well.
Why do you feel like you've been rejected by your peers? What's your situation? Perhaps you might meet new people at school groups and community groups. Maybe look at volunteering as you sound like a compassionate person. School can be tough but just know that each of your classmates don't have it easy socially as well.
Why can't you leave your town? Why do you feel like nobody likes you? It sounds like you've got friends and SO and have you made the effort to see them? Why do you feel disgusting, is it the depression? You are not a POS in fact you sound quite caring. Everybody has their own struggles and yours are no worse than other people's.
Yea, Peer Gynt and Ode to Joy were my introductions to classical music in primary school. It was certainly pleasant but I didn't have a strong interest in it. Classical music was background music for a long time for me. As a uni student, I couldn't afford to go to the ballet or musicals so I would Youtube it. I rediscovered Tchaikovsky and other composers and then went to the occasional free classical concert. My first 'real' concert when I started working was a Joshua Bell one and then I became obsessed.
I hope that you're not suicidal yourself and are giving away your possessions. It's sweet you but just be careful that you don't get involved in their life after you send the dvds.
Why do you want to kill yourself? I looked through your history and there is nothing wrong with being a virgin at 30. Plenty of people go through lives without partners and the older you are, the more likely you are to be committed o relationships. Do not put unnecessary pressure on yourself to have sex or be in a relationship. I didn't really know what I wanted to do with my life until I was in my late 20s.
Less experiences than you might think. Everybody is struggling with their own relationships. Do not compare yourself to them. You're in your 30s now so leave behind any mistakes you might have made in your 20s. With age comes wisdom so you can change your circumstances.
You've done the best that you can do and you did well. Even if she doesn't make it, you helped. If it weren't for you, she would never had had the chance to get any help. You're understandably shaken up but try to get some rest and follow up later. Talk to somebody at the hospital about how you're feeling.
You need to rethink your attitude towards dating. Not every girl you meet is going to be the person you end up with. You come on too strong and you should not expect somebody to potentially love you after the first date. Getting a girlfriend should not be your motivation. There's nothing wrong with being a virgin at 25 and still plenty of time for you to find a girlfriend.
Why do you have to forcibly use it? Anybody who calls you out for using British English is a twat.
Irregardless is a word though non standard. It's used in speech and writing.
I just googled 'conversate' as I hadn't heard it before and as it's quite a new term so I wouldn't use it. However 'irregardless' has been around for a while and it was in the dictionary in the early 1900s. 'Irregardless' isn't even flagged as a spelling error.
That's a relatively popular funeral song. Most of the people who request it they think they're being ironic.
He edited his post as the original comment was rather confusing. I wasn't sure if the kid was Asian or white.
A traffic jam when you're already late.
Odd thing to wait for but if it works for you... Anything could happen in two years and who knows, you could be happily married then. I'm bound to enter my 30s being single which I'm fine with. Being in a relationship is something that I will look at after I achieve some other goals. Age is a blessing. Being older can mean that you can leave behind the baggage of your 20s. Romantic relationships do not define me and they shouldn't you.
Perhaps in the future you could move to a different country. What country are you in? Are you able to get a job? A lot of teenagers suffer from acne vulgaris and plenty of adults too. Your classmates aren't going to care what you look like. Plenty of 19 year olds haven't been kissed yet so don't put pressure on yourself.
I thought you meant that he had a big motorbike.
Of course, these compositions are popular for a reason. I like them myself though I haven't sought out Vivaldi or Pachebel's other works. But a lot of people can't name more than a few pieces and the ones that they do, they only recognise them from weddings and films.
Having somebody else do household chores and pay the bills whilst you find ways to amuse yourself and pass the time.
And religion is somehow to be blamed for all mankind's problems. I live in Aus so a lot of is around how stupid Americans are for not having more stringent gun control policies because of so massacres and accidental shootings.
Yea, most of us started off with the well known classics and probably cut our teeth on works like The Four Seasons. My introduction was Peer Gynt and the William Tell Overture. The average Joe is not likely to know classical music beyond the The Four Seasons. It is 'junk' in a way as you don't need input much effort into liking it. When you listen to a song on the radio, you generally take it at face value. It sounds pretty or catchy. Classical music is often considered 'boring'. There's often a divide as some consider mainstream pop to be 'shallow' and classical 'stuffy'. The way that you behave at the different concerts is going to be different. Then you get people like me who have a strong appreciation of classical music but don't understand the technical terms in detail. I have decent taste and whilst there's conductors and musicians that I like, can't tell the finer differences. I can recognise quite a lot of works. I can hold my own in a discussion about classical music. I like to share my knowledge with others and educate myself. Then you get those who are most likely musicians and have a more thorough understanding of music. They can nitpick terms and precious and certain symphonies and composers. They can believe that they are somehow more superior as they have this great understanding. It's insufferable when they look down on some sorts of music and dismiss genres. Of course all are like that but the stereotype is there. Have you experienced any of this?
Friend of mine had a phone interview for a senior BA role yesterday. They were looking at paying 55-60k as a package. Now it could be that they were fobbing him off but really?
I don't recommend tribute cover shows unless they're a performed by professional cover band. The local celebrity performer is often terrible. The Beatles and Crowded House ones I went to were godawful and I've heard better covers at a bar. Friends have been to other Pink Floyd and Tim and Jeff Buckley concerts and had the same experience. I've been to a BeeGees one which had professional BeeGees performers and they were fantastic and sounded like the originals.
He sent me the job specs and it was a senior role with a lot of project management. They wanted specialised skills and experience. 55-60k package is pathetic at that level. Most roles of that calibre would be paying at least 100k.
No, it was definitely full-time but most people say pro rata rates when talking about part time salary.
Okay I'm too tired and misread it at 20s. Sigh.
It shows that you're out of touch with pop culture and don't pay attention to the news. The Kardashians are quite ubiquitous.
Far Queue would also be a good title.
Lol, Citizen Kane just 'okay'.
I thought that Chamber of Secrets was the worst of the lot. Not bad by any means just not as good as the others.
I understand that not all video game talk is like that but it is an issue in the industry and though I don't have kids, a parent would understandably be concerned by it. A lot of games can be quite violent, particularly shooter ones. Unfortunately CoD and WoW do have a lot of trash talk and they're quite popular. There's the social aspect of it and whatnot although internet stranger danger can be a problem. I didn't say that video games were a waste of time but tried to explain why books don't have that reputation. Video games are primarily entertainment whereas a lot of books aren't. Books generally have intellectual merit although you won't improve your mind with a diet of 50 Shades of Grey type books.
The blue tail fly.
Sapa Hills, Hawthorn. Standard Vietnamese fare which isn't mind blowing but it's clean, waiters speak English, and wear a uniform. I ordered the broken rice dish there myself.
I've owned Target suits and shirts but whilst they are serviceable, the more expensive versions are so much more flattering. Hit and miss for me. They don't last or feel or look as good as the Country Road ones. Portman's suit quality isn't much better than Target's though their tops aren't bad. Zara is good as a budget option.
God I hate these vague questions. I like helping tourists and expats when it shows that they've done their own independent research. Tell us your interests, where you'll be living, if you'll have access to a car, your budget, etc.
Harry Potter is a kid's book that adults also enjoy. I don't have a problem with violence and torture in a kid's book so long as it's not gratuitous. I was a prolific reader and stories like those from The Grimm Brothers had murder and torture galore yet are for children. Characters can 'deserve' to be killed and tortured and the innocents are collateral damage. But rape is immoral and inexcusable. And it leads to confusion about sexuality if it's casually excused. And really unnecessary in a children's book. I really hope that Umbridge wasn't raped. You see people taking satisfaction in her 'punishment'.
You aren't going to get lost on a bus. Shopping centres are main stops and our bus drivers are friendly so ask them to tell you when the stop is. Make two trips if you have to. You can print at uni so I don't think you'll need copy paper.
Oh god that's terrifying. Tragically, April [died of a drug overdose](http://www.realcrimes.com/Miller/April_Miller.htm)
