My SO and I... Sorry, I, like beeg. There is also tblop.com
When you can just cum without any fears, is great. We're trying to have a kid too and it's WONDERFUL stuff. No worries about "Oh no, the pill, or condom, blah blah".
Her: I, will never tell you no Me: What? Her: If you want sex, I will never tell you no Me: What if it's 2am and you're sick Her: I will never tell you no Wifed her
If she'll say yes to having sex with me? Seriously though, I don't know if there is one thing. I am impressed if a woman has some knowledge in a passion of mine and it's a passion of hers. My wife and I are both really big Final Fantasy fans and we actually met because of that. She is a nerd deep down who likes nerd things.
Why do some cats like it but then you have cats that leave your arm bloody? My wife had to wash our two kittens two days ago and you'd think we were trying to coat them in lava with rabies.
Upvote because Penguins.
Uh, are you fucking retarded? Those are power/phone/etc lines.
You got a what? How long you had that problem? What's your man got to do with me?
Goddamn that's awesome. Love the old school look.
Wow that is AWESOME!
My favorite part is the hands. I can't do hands to save my life.
One of my very favorite characters overall and right now. (Sorry Harley, it's Marvel, not DC) It's nothing like 7ofDiamonds and Co [But i'm trying to get better](http://imgur.com/V2oYhKd)
I'd pay $20/month with current content. I have so many shows on there I want to watch, it's nuts. My current addiction is American Horror Story. Recently burned through My Name is Earl, and going through Cutthroat Kitchen as well. The FoodNetwork and DIY/HGTV shows will probably keep me entertained for another month. Still haven't watched House of Cards season 2 yet, my wife and I burned through Scandal (great show).
The drawing is great and all but the "Vrooom" is what sold it for me.
From what I understood of it as that the kid herself wanted to do it and was told numerous times if she didn't want to do it anymore she could quit any time.
Well, there are some vicious rumors going around, not sure if true but she apparently left the guy she was dating/married to in the show and it was rumored she was dating another guy. Only problem was he was a registered sex offender from 2004. The 10 year old he was convicted of molesting? The moms older daughter.
Fact 1: All of that in the picture is fucking delicious Fact 2: None of that belongs at a fucking BBQ
I went into a restaurant last year (IHOP) and ate very well. Bill comes and I whip out the wallet and... no check card. No cash, nada. Thankfully I was going in there 3 times a week so the owner was like "You can go get your card, it's fine". I'd left it on the desk in my hotel room because I was ordering some stuff online. Forgot to put back in my wallet. Now I just have it memorized.
Is this covering games that were previously purchsed? I kept having issues with The Walking Dead and just never played it again. However it was purchased on 12/31/12
The solo vocal track illustrates a point though. It has the highs of classical, lows of rap, the vocals, the mix of all 3 with Neil Youngs song, the constant sound of low, mid, high and everything in between. Katy Perrys seemed more of a mix of the other genres with the lows of bass, the vocals of Vega, and the high claps but would be of better available quality than Neil Youngs older song.
Isn't most music now done with VBR over CBR? CBR320 would just huge for the sake of being huge.
What's worse is with the smile they'll actually say "Smiles at you".
I love how he tells the story of how cops start whispering to others "This guy is smart". The Judge pretty much backs down because he refused to give him jurisdiction over him.
Did we ever get a follow up on this?
Good Will Hunting is one of those films that I can watch after just having watched it. Cabin in the Woods, this was a movie night movie here and I groaned when it won. I had a streak of movie nights going though so I was like "Screw it, I'll watch" because whatever. I had seen the previews a little and hear it was really good but it looked INCREDIBLY stupid. If you've said the same things to yourself. Watch this movie. This is one of the best movies I've seen in the past 10 years. I was absolutely SHOCKED at how good this movie was and the "horror" genre isn't one I really care for.
In the US, a lot of the time, white. Tomatoes are artificially ripened in the US.
I think that people lose focus on things sometimes. A diet is more than just counting calories. Losing weight and being HEALTHY is more than a simple calories in/calories out situation. 200 calories of Peanut Butter is going to be healthier than 200 calories of something else like Celery or in some instances veggies because it's not about just calories. It's about balance and having nutrients, not just the calories part. Having a spoonful of Peanut Butter can have 200 calories and STILL be healthy. It's a great food to stave off cravings and hunger. Can help your heart, lower risk of gallstones, can even be beneficial for people with diabetes.
I love this subreddit. Seriously. Only here do I see someone wax poetic about something as a sandwich. However, I think we have two schools of thought that ripple through our universal love of all things sandwiched. Much like /u/The_Jims, I am a purist. I do not begrudge someone who would rather eat an open faced sandwich but it is not something I partake in. I feel that the meat, cheese, and your other accouterments are better found between two slices of bread; toasted being my preference. One could argue that in this year of our lord, 2015, We should expand our views on what is and isn't a "sandwich" but I believe that without the steadfast rules that govern our sandwiches, we'll soon have other food stuffs trying to become sandwiches and though Pizza may be delicious, I'll be long dead in my cold cold grave before I ever let it be called a sandwich.
Relax, you need to Brie-th
Holy Foxtrot, Uniform, Charlie, Kilo.
I felt bad that I drew Ms. Marvel and didn't get the chance to share my Favorite [So, here's something Harley'esque. I can't draw people well, still trying](http://i.imgur.com/69QXNEo.jpg)
Speeding can be by accident. Illegal lane change can be by accident. Run a red light can be an accident or even running a stop sign can be an accident. Eating a bowl of cereal or a salad while driving down the road is NOT something you accidentally do. You don't accidentally pick up your phone to make a call or to text. However if you run a stop sign or a stop light on purpose then yeah, I think a harsh punishment should be handed down. Speeding over a certain limit? Hells yeah I think it should be a year minimum unless it's an emergency. Driving while drunk or under the influence of narcotics, you should never see your license again and should be 2 years minimum prison. The person in this picture willingly made themselves distracted by HOLDING A FUCKING BOWL OF CEREAL WHILE DRIVING! If you need to eat, eat then drive. Or drive then eat. Don't do both at the same time.
I missed my opportunity didn't I?
I came in like a wrrrrrrrecking ballll
I blame the parents for this. Who names their kid Cunty McFacerson and not expect to raise an idiot? Seriously.
As an American who has to import his Peanut Butter, it's not all shit just the ones here aren't good. I have my dad send Peanut Butter with care packages pretty regularly. I always get Jiff (you can google it :D) and it's good. I wanted to get some here because /u/enti_san had never tried it and she grabbed some. It was an oil slick nightmare. That's when I said "Screw it" and just ordered some on amazon that my Dad sent.
I worked for a company that did FiOS and that Actiontec was pretty popular and reliable.
I'll out chub ya chubs :D Good to know more will be there! The person I spoke to on Facebook said they were excited about the meetup being at their place since they're fellow Redditors so, do they count as coming to the meetup do you think?
protip: don't try this being a ~~non-celebrity~~ male. Especially bad if you're black.
He was so brave serving that nearly a year in prison for taking another life. Our prayers to him through, what has to be, this emotional and difficult time for him.
Definitely loved Bob Uecker.
Well, I meant, loved as in when I was able to hear him actually broadcast, not "loved" as in dead.
This past season was not that great but I'd not say all recent seasons are bad. One of the funniest parts is actually from 2014 where they do the SuperMarket Sweep in the cars. I saw this come on MBC out of Saudia Arabic (I think) as I was getting ready to get married. I had to stop and watch the episode.
But I consider "Mid 90's" to be at really 94 and it had run 7.5 of it's 11 years already.
I pressed because I had no idea wtf was going on. Was that the social experiments purpose?
People must have misunderstood me since I got downvoted and you got upvotes lol. I knew some dancers in my younger days and they liked doing it. Most couldn't make the cash they were making elsewhere. A girl I dated briefly was a former dancer and she was debating going back. Eventually she did.
Let's be clearer, you have no idea if he's talking shit to him or not. This gif has no audio. Also, this is infront of a door where people just come outside. He wasn't trying to flank him. He was walking forward towards the guy with his hands down which is not a hostile move. He sees his friend get knocked down and just walks in that direction. You sound like one of those keyboard warriors that talk a lot of crap behind the anonymity of a computer screen. My life is in my hands? Come on man, get real. I expect your next reply to just be "U wot m8?".
FoxNews
I'm perfectly chill but everyone keeps mentioning "4 friends" but there is no basis to they were 4 friends. There is no rancor, I just expect people to back up their claims with facts.
Good point but they shouldn't then state opinions as facts.
It just says they're going to reinstate the requirements and goes on to say it's BECAUSE unemployment is lower. I don't understand the second part, it's just explaining what people will have to do to get benefits. I'm not sure about Indiana but in NC you have to continue to work and you have to report any changes in your employment/non-employment. Otherwise you are ineligible to receive any additional benefits. I'm willing to bet that Indiana is probably the same.
Total Annihilation. The first game that seriously got me into PC Gaming and it was wonderful. I was in college at the time it came out and I'd stay up to all hours just playing it online. I'd play anyone of any skill level just to learn. I'm soooo glad Steam wasn't around then to log those hours. Other than that, On Sega Genesis was a game called Herzog Zwei that really got me into the RTS to begin with and fed my love for TA later on.
Riverboat Ron needs to watch out. Now we have Buy-In Braylon and he's betting the house!
to civilize comment sections? As in recognizing and removing inflammatory remarks and such? Doesn't this break the internet?
Maybe he hates you because you're revealing 12 beauty secrets and he's a plastic surgeon?
It's fine. It'll be for a single episode. They won't keep them split up for good because that's just stupid. They are hyping the season premiere just like they have been doing the past few years and "The Simpsons get divorced!" is a great headline to get people to tune in. I see nothing wrong with that.
Sadly, i think most of his shit is made up though. *edit* heh, I knew i'd get downvoted for this. You can downvote me, won't change my opinion of him. Hell, probably all 5 downvotes are his alt accounts.
I don't use anything that as a freshener that casts a shadow.
I won't be voting for Bernie Sanders and here is why. These are the notes I made while watching the video. If you can argue against them, please do so. I ask that you downvote if you feel I added nothing to the discussion not because I disagree. I know Reddit is all Pro Sanders (Just like Pro-Obama) but just read first: Raise salaries - This will be good. You'll have slight inflation but not as much as the amount you get so it would help but it's already in motion to raise minimum wage to $15/hr. Guarantee health care, we have that. You have to be able to pay for it. You can't just give free healthcare to everyone because someone has to foot the bill. Public funded elections won't happen because the people who don't want them to happen control wether it happens or not. We can cut military funding by 38 billion dollars and that's great. We can use it in education but throwing money at education isn't the answer. It needs reform more than it needs money. Free college tuition is nice but for the millions who will take advantage of it, who will pay for it? Racial equality? That's been of a pipe dream, like to see it happen. We're already moving towards relying only on renewable resources.
This dude isn't like a 24 year old wanting to date a 17 year old, he's in his 40's+
Oh, fucking figures. I was shocked that this was so weird that I'd not heard anything about it. So it was because their friends got attacked that NOW it's a problem. That makes sense now, thanks for clearing that up.
But it's a shitty stance because there are people having pictures posted ALL the time who are unaware of it so, fuck them? People take content from other people ALL the time and post it here. Taking other peoples stuff and posting it here, most often than not, without giving credit to the original person, is what Reddit is BUILT on.
Content taken without permission is content taken without permission.
Wow, awesome. Thanks!
Is that seriously a fucking subreddit? Seriously?
Wanna do something else instead? Donate to EFF in honor instead. They need the money.
Holy shit that's a gorgeous dress.
Yeah, I'd been in there a few times and I'm not sure how enforced the rules were but it seemed like it was a tight enough ran ship. You can't keep ALL of a subreddit in the subreddit. However, yeah, it's stupid it was banned. I just think that Reddit is heading down a direction that it'll regret later. People left Digg really quickly once they reached a point they had enough. Reddit keeps it up, they can be next.
Wish I could come but that's 3am my time unfortunately :(
Your comment makes no sense. "It's function exactly as Free Speech". Free Speech means that you can say what you want without consequence. Granted, it only means from the government, but your comment contradicts itself.
"I sued and lost but if you still give me money, i'll stop suing you".
No, see, it's okay. You can make fun of me. I've given permission so you can now do it without harassing me. =)
One of my favorite jokes is from Mike &amp; Molly where Molly is trying to lose weight and her Mom is trying all she can to justify her being overweight. Which, my Mom did too. She told Molly "you're not fat, you just have big bones" and she tells her "Mom, bones don't jiggle".
Yeah, trying to get there now myself, can't get the site up
I always pictured that most were fat themselves and posted stuff for low hanging fruit kinda karma.
yeahhh, I think it's because one guy I think is trying to meet chicks. The only chick that will be there will be my wife (I think) soooo... awkward. That or so they know who to look for? I'm going to have a sign on the table so people know "It's us".
Seize their money. Paypal is famous for this. If you have a personal account and you get too much money in it they can seize it and say it's under investigation for doing business with a personal account. Then their investigation could just be years long and you never see your cash. They're not regulated by banking regulations so there's nothing stopping them from just taking your cash.
They didn't only hate fat people who tried to pretend that being overweight was healthy. They posted pictures of random fat people and mocked them. They didn't know the person and a lot of the times it was pictures I'd seen before so it wasn't personal photos. They would just make fun of fat people for being fat. Your points are things they hated against too but no, they mocked everyone. They had a picture of a fat woman on a bench and because of her fat, she was spread out on the bench, her ass that is. They said she was "Melting". Had nothing to do with her fat acceptance. They didn't know her. They would create these fake stories of "ham planets" they'd run across. It was like a fat person /r/thathappened pretty much.
tl;dw AHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
We are still here. This will go probably to 8 at latest. We just had another show up so you should come if you can.
Yeah sorry man we didnt get to meet today. We are already out. Perhaps next time.
Well, it's been rumored that it's been a relationship. Harley is by far and away my favorite comic book character. There have been hints at something going on but 75% of it on Ivy's part. It's been widely known she was gay for a while. Quinn has let things slip or said things that have made someone raise an eyebrow like "I wonder". I hope that if they do write a storyline about it that it's good for the story and not just exploitation of the fact that there is a big call for updated characters from Miles Morales to Kamala.
Can you share the poem? I may not be intelligent enough to understand the complexities of it, but I'll try my best.
What the FUCK is going on in Malaysia? They lose airplanes, ships, it's like the new Bermuda Triangle.
Saturday is Shabbos the Jewish day of rest. That means that I don't work, I don't drive a car, I don't fucking ride in a car, I don't handle money, I don't turn on the oven, and I sure as shit don't fucking roll!
I live in a third world country. i got a roof over my head, food in my kitchen, air conditioning except in living room but it's only been up to 91F here. I have Fiber optic. Can't complain in the 3rd world either.
It's amazing that I have to scroll this far down. Reddit fucking sickens me sometimes. Just because you don't like someone's music you can't justify people throwing stuff at them. This is his job. How would Redditors like it if they had someone show up at their work and throw bread or other things at them? They'd be pissed off too. Most would call security and have them arrested. But here? Nah, it's okay because I don't like this guy or the band so it's cool to treat him like a sub-human. Fucking despicable Reddit.
Is that a doable thing? Seems like they could just sell your car for $1 then just come after you for the full amount. If they sell it and get more than the $2600 do they give you the remainder?
I dismissed it. I had a job interview the day before that got delayed so I spent the next day trying to get better clothes for it to look snazzier. My Mom sent me $150 so I could get a dress shirt and pants. I got to store early so I was in the car napping. I was listening to Bob &amp; Sherri and they said a plane had hit the towers. I heard it as I was asleep and just was like "Meh" and went back to sleep and heard a little later "We're not sure but, maybe another plane hit the other tower" and I still didn't think much of it. I thought it was just a tiny Cessna or something and people just were being stupid. So the store opened up and I go in and I'm just like "hey, you guys hear some planes hit the twin towers?" And they had this look on their face like they'd seen the world ending. I saw the TV and saw them on fire but didn't know it was two large jets still. So i shop a little and get back in my car and hear the rest of the details then, the first tower collapses. Damn near wrecked my car. I get home and I'm trying to phone my mom, my g/f, her mom, everyone I could. I lived near a military base and I was scared as hell. Shit was going down. I got home and turned on the news and the first tower was gone and I'd barely sat down when the second fell. Was fucking surreal.
Says the person who bought something to play with his cat for him.
i remember these from SimAnt
Great fatherly advice from ANAL-BEAD-CHAINSAW can't possibly fail.
This weekend /u/enti_san and I are going to visit her Parents. I'm not sure what else we're doing. This is my first full Ramadhan here as well as my first as a Muslim. I am "cheating" a bit as I'll be drinking water (doctors orders) but will be abstaining from eating.
Not all Muslim countries have a lot of restaurants open during the day. Here in Tunisia a majority are closed and only ones directly around a hotel are open. And even then, not all of those.
We don't!? It's pretty hard. I am new to the religion and new to a Muslim country but thankfully, under doctors orders told to drink water. I was actually told to eat too but, I am not feeling I need to right now. I love the holiday though as most Muslims don't eat as well as they do during Ramadhan. My Wife's Family fills an entire table of food and you better eat until you're stuffed. Never a problem as her Mom and Dad can cook their asses off too.
Yeah, i still have my checked on the regular just because I was blessed with good health but squandered it away by being such a fat ass. So i still keep close checks on things. Thankfully I'm losing a serious amount of weight now so that I can enjoy what health I have.
How I feel about /r/blackpeopletwitter a lot. They talk about celebrities and make fun of them and I have absolutely NO idea who they are talking about.
Might be a bit late to the party but I have to have mayo cover every single tiny bit of the area on my bread when I make a sandwich and it must be uniform in thickness so that every single bite tastes the same. On top of that, I eat the BOTTOM part of the bread first. The crumble part? You know that one? I eat it first because I don't like it. Also I take bites to allow for a full bite and when I do, I push the sandwich hard against the top of my mouth (the roof of my mouth) and make the top piece of bread stick to it. I always do this to the side with mayo so the rest just falls off, I chew the rest and swallow then with my tongue, I roll it off the top of my mouth into a little tube like thing.
http://www.shelbystar.com/news/local/breaking-tip-from-kings-mountain-florist-led-to-charleston-shooting-suspect-s-arrest-1.492375?tc=cr
Lol love that one.
Use your computer and internet for whatever purposes they wish. Typically ddos attacks.
TorGuard is good as is zenmate
He was the one who caught it so he got the blame.
Pride?
I've been the fattest person in my family for a long time. I'm working my way down (-135 so far) and my asshole of a brother is going up. He looks to be about 230. My goal is to get under 200 by this time next year.
A Benefit to being married. My wife is much cleaner than I am and I'm partially disabled so I do about 30% and she does the other 70%. She always makes sure the house is clean before we go visit her parents for the weekend. It is soooo nice to come home and have that clean house look/feel. It only lasts for a short time as we got bags galore and groceries on the floor to put up.
Living in Tunisia they will do everything they can to simulate bacon here. The great thing is that you can find actual bacon bacon here too. Along with a lot of other pork products. They just don't eat it. I'm trying to tempt my wife. I think her Dad wants to try it but said he doesn't find it appealing. He asked me "Does it taste good?" I told him "Imagine the best thing you've ever eaten in your life. It's 10x better than that".
What sucks is that when you break fast you gorge and then feel too fat for sex :(
Over the Top is one of those movies that if you judge it by the cover looks ridiculous but was by far one of my favorite movies growing up. I may have to watch it again. I'm excited for this too and I'm guessing "Creed" is him training Apollo's kid?
POST POST POST POST! Like third give away for this game. About 10 overall, never won :(
And this is why they won't. They pay lawyers to defend against this shit regardless if people file a lawsuit. Though, I'd be all for them to sue him back for defamation. Maybe settle out of court when he admits to making the shit up. Even if just for $1.
That whole shark from the Super Bowl craze died down way before I grew tired of it. That never happens but, this time it did. I loved it.
I didn't read the book but The Fault in Our Stars was absolutely amazing. It was a great movie that told a great story that moved at a good pace. Do you think the movie did the book justice or would you suggest reading the book too, to miss things not in the movie?
The next version is them snipping the wires all together.
Google did, Blockbuster did it, Digg did it. Reddit is doing it. Those big networks did it. I've even heard a couple bad stories from Amazon CS lately and Netflix will probably do it too.
Netflix came out well after broadband was pretty readily available.
When i worked in IT one of the benefits they gave employees was that we would fix their personal PC's for free. You wouldn't BELIEVE how many computers people "owned" with their friends names as the usernames. Or how many didn't know a password was required to log in and had to call someone to get it. It got so bad that I couldn't keep up with what I was SUPPOSED to be doing. The network went down for days and I had people bitching that I didn't have their home computers fixed yet. They complained to my boss. The incentive was then taken away and I finally got back to fucking work.
Local radio. Like I said, it's not proven and is why it's not in bold. They mentioned it. I posted it. Will update when more details are released.
Probably meant to be coordinated.
**Did** work for. It was for, ironically, a Union. Why ironic? They (and other Unions typically) fight about working outside your "craft" and this was what they had me doing.
Yeah, that racist in SC shooting up that Church. That's Christianity for you.
LIke, JUST now.
Straight man here, changed my icon to the equal rights sign for the month but changed it now to one Hillary posted on Twitter. Also posted the wording of the decision as a post, very very happy. Of course we're happy because oppression is dying in our country.
CNN was as well.
&gt;and paved the way for peace in the Middle East Did you watch the news yesterday? Did you get an F?
I lucked up and met a woman who was a huge GG and KPOP/JPOP fan too. Wifed her.
1 was shot dead. 1 was captured. I think 2 were on the loose but haven't heard anything yet. They came from the beach area. Just walked upu and started shooting. There was/is a manhunt for the others and the people who helped them. Will update with more information later when wife gets home.
\#keepyourflabflying Forgot to use \ to escape reddit formatting
This seems like a silly way to ride a motorcycle mate!
You don't know the definition of homophobia do you? Homophobia encompasses a range of negative attitudes and feelings toward homosexuality or people who are identified or perceived as being lesbian, gay, bisexual or transgender (LGBT). I don't like seeing two gay guys kiss but I believe they have the right to do it. I don't like the thought of two gay guys fucking but they have the right to do it. Homophobia is thinking badly towards them and think they should not have the same rights. Though, to be fair, I'm not for PDA in general though two guys specifically isn't something I like at all.
So you're saying it doesn't affect me? I thought I'd be forced to marry a guy now that it's legal. Are you sure? Not sure if it matters but I'm white too. Does it still apply?
My Wife has a Dog at her parents house. We go to visit every 2-3 weeks and you would think he'd not seen her in a year. He has to be restrained because a couple of times he's hurt her. He jumps on her, runs around, barks non-stop, jumps on her again, runs around, etc etc.
[This was just posted 16 days ago ffs](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/39krll/my_god_what_did_you_eat/)
[3 Days is the max you could wait to repost?](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/3b2j1f/glad_to_see_i_made_the_news/)
[Waited a whole 2 days to reppost](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/3b8fak/walking_and_talking/)
And THIS is why terrorists will lose here. The fucking country is filled with Heroes. Bravery is if you save someone you love by sacrificing yourself. Heroism is sacrificing yourself to save random strangers.
Colognes can be bought here everywhere. Same with makeup and glasses. Depending on the person they may want food items. Or if you're from Seattle, maybe some Seattle shirts (not sports teams just nice shirts with "Seattle" on them somehow) somewhat like [this](http://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/hypebeast-wordpress/image/2011/05/stussy-space-needle-t-shirt-0.jpg). I think you said you're from Seattle, if I'm wrong then just a t-shirt similar from your state. Shirts with the American flag are worn here too (surprising to me) but they seem to love the US Flag. Or a Yankees Hat? Seen QUITE a few of those.
It seemed like the Cops were trying to do just that. They were trying to get her to stand up for several minutes on camera alone and she refused to comply to orders. Should they just keep on asking until they're blue in the face? They have a job and other shit to do too.
Both of these guys suck. Who would want them? Please leave them alone :'(
I swear, I feel cheated by hearing about all these In-Law stories. I got a pretty normal and sane father and mother in law who love and adore me and treat me as their child. They show me respect and love and everything. :( This doesn't get me much reddit gold :(
I don't follow wrestling much anymore but was watching when he came back. Dude was in better shape and a better wrestler than when he was in his initial prime. He was like a lumbering bull before but dude looked svelte as fuck and I was like "This can't be the same Guy!". Looked like he lost a good 40 pounds and was running around like never before. He's like, reverse aging.
HS Championship, JC Championship, Div I Championship, Heisman, NFL MVP, Super Bowl, and Super Bowl MVP.
I'd say get new Office Chairs over new copiers.
Almost as amazing as Pedro Cerrano hitting a double off a pigeon.
I'm an incredibly fat guy. If someone wants to random search me it's purely gotta be for safety reasons. I told my wife, before coming here, I should look at one of the male agents and be like "Do you give the private naked exams? I volunteer to one if you are the one giving it." then wink at him.
It's not horrible. It's Tampa and we do well against them regularly. I think our Defense is going to show up pissed off. We have CAP running the ball really well too. Fozzy and J-Stew are going to be rested in a couple weeks for playoffs.
I don't think anyone could really argue letting your child win is bad. You want to make the child enjoy the game. You're not trying to curb stomp them into submission ffs. Do that when they're like 15 and vying for dominance.
I never understood getting upset. The people who are determining if the flying metal tube I am crossing an ocean in has deemed something worth fixing, take your fucking time! Seriously, quadruple check that shit. I'm all for getting there late over not at all. There was a slight delay on a flight from NYC to Paris that I was on and was only worried about making my connecting flight but not like I was going to blame the dude who has decided some shit needed to be repaired.
He's going to make some lesbian a very happy woman one day.
You're the worse kind of Panther fan. Arizona over Carolina and PATRIOTS!? I'll upvote you anyways, but, come on brother!
A Pro-Bowl RB that has been out for 2 weeks and this being the third mind you.
I knew it had to be bad when they're like "Yeah, we're not going to reshow that here" and they've shown some gruesome shit before.
Despite Remmers best attempts, we're still going to succeed it appears. Remmers is getting beaten like a petulant child right now.
Goddamn man, what is up with the Refs? Trying to give them time to review it? utter bullshit man.
Looked like a good choice to me.
Didn't know him but was impressed with him in Pre-Season and dumbfounded we didn't have dual backs a little more this year.
J-Stew will be with us for probably 2 more years but that 2nd year he might be sharing 50/50 with CAP or be the backup to CAP.
Yeah, see, they just said "now tied".
Yeah, IDK. Regardless, records are going to fall this year.
Heh, it's okay. Fun part is trying right?
Almost any other day, I would. But she's gotta be up super early to clean and then a big meeting tomorrow at work then late night because her sister and her husband are coming for dinner.
Watching these two for the next 5+ years is going to make me glad to be in the NFC South.
apparently they did.
&gt;You trying to taste my tears or something??!! The Cardiac Cats keep my heart pumping
Jesus, was like a Where's Waldo. Took me a solid 3 minutes to find him.
J-Stew out today and CAP has a fantastic game and we go 15-1. If you told me we'd be an entire season without Benjamin and the last 3 games without J-Stew, I'd probably have cried even more. We lost Luke for 3.5 games early on too.
/u/carolina_panthers Now that we got the bye upcoming, how about that AMA now? Can we try to vote on who we'd want? I mean, sure, Cam will win but I'd like to have CAP or Davis or Ginn.
SIDEBAR!
Because much like your post here, it's a shit post.
Our sub is fine and is great because mods remove shit posts like this in quick order.
This is something I learned from Gordon Ramsay and is why when I cook, especially the meat, I take extra precautions with it to not burn it or waste it because something DIED to feed me. It's trickled over to when I cook veggies and other stuff too because I like to make sure what I cook is enjoyed and the ingredients are well represented in flavors.
LOL I tagged you in the game thread about this too. Several other people were talking about it. Should tell her "If Carolina gets a Ring this year, so do you".
I've been there when we "just made it". I want a win. I want that ring.
What's the crab legs thing? I keep seeing that reference.
Our #1 WR is Tedd Ginn
So Panthers are less likely to get the Conference Championship than to make the Super Bowl than Arizona. *edit* Can someone point out (hopefully someone who downvoted me) WHY exactly I was downvoted for pointing out the statistics shown on the page?
Cam Newton. Very hapoy that turned out well.
I've been saying it for a long time too. I think it's just common freakin' sense. You're not going to smash your head into another one if you have no protection.
Because it's not America and it's what you're supposed to do there. Just because it makes no sense in the US doesn't mean it's not what you should do.
Sounds like this girl has been around the block enough times to need new tires.
Ugh. Me personally went after women with pretty low numbers. 0-4 max because that was my numbers as well. However, if I'd slept with 20 women I couldn't go and be pissed because a girl I was with had slept with 10. That's just fucked.
I remember when newspapers reported the news and wrote stories about it instead of trying to create news and writing stories based on bullshit like this.
WE DONT PLAY THIS WEEKEND!
Didn't it come to find out that he actually did? I love Neil and his way of just the deadpan delivery. He does a very similar (though a tad different) delivery in The Middle and I freakin' love that show.
Not everyone is savvy enough to use Pirate Bay and it can be easier. If you want some obscure titles or foreign films it's sometimes easier to find them on Netflix where you don't have to rely on a lot seeds. I know that a lot of people buy the shows/movies from shops here too so this could be a cheaper alternative to that.
Growing up right handed, I tried to learn to swing left handed just to mimmick his swing.
Or ban the tickets being sold on the site. Ban the user too. Charge 50% of the new sale value to be paid before they can be listed.
You gotta cut people. There's not a single team in the NFC South that has gotten a new coach and QB the same year and turned it into anything. /s
It was widely felt they had the coach and QB to build some people around to become really competitive. Now? Not so much.
Actually they did. We beat Atlanta too.
Of all teams, I don't want McDermott to Giants. No way I could pull for them for a while after this year.
Short, Cam, Gano, Short. I think. September, October, November, Dec/Jan respective.
Well, he won DPOtM twice in a season. Should tell you what kind of season he's been having.
Gano won it, so we still went 4/4 overall.
THIS IS FOR YOU BYE WEEK! YOU ARE ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE! IN 50 YEARS YOU'VE SCORED EXACTLY 0 POINTS! THAT'S LIONS AND BROWNS LEVEL OF SHIT PLAYING! IF YOU WERE A CHEESE, YOU'D BE BLUE STILTON! IF YOU WERE A SODA, YOU'D BE STORE BRAND DR. BOB OR MOUNTAIN LIGHTNING.
Downvoted you because I hate that fucking picture, clicked link to double check, had to upvote you.
"I want to tell you good luck, and we're all counting on you".
You think he's not focused? What bullshit.
No, it's "WHAT!?"
I hope that he can come back and be a weapon we can use but I'm worried that we change who we are when he comes back. Like I said in my original comment and I've said elsewhere. The problem we're creating for teams is that we can hand it off to our FB, HB, HB, throw to a WR, WR, WR, WR, or TE or our QB can keep it. You have to come up with game plans on all of that and you need to be able to cover Cam because if you don't game plan for Cam, you're going to get smoked. I mean, he's got a 100 yard rushing game this season... a QUARTERBACK! He had 2 rushing TD's last game. We have options, double options, triple options. Cam can read the defense so well and holds onto the ball until he sees if players are going to crash down or not. Then he can keep it, run it or run it then oh man, now he's passing it. So an option run just turned into a pass. Most teams a run play is going to be a run play. With Carolina and Cam, a run play can suddenly turn into a pass play or a pass play turns into a run play.
