It is honking with the big Yes printed on it. Lets be honest, you wouldn't see a britnat fly that flag anyways, just leave it as the Saltire.
Yeah, that looks much better!
I always use the AT-ST as a anti aircraft weapon, always satisfying blowing rebel ships out the sky, the only issue is the ridiculous range of the ion cannon, you can sit back miles away from the action on the ground and still get taken out. especially on Hoth
If the rebels have better ships, then surely the imperials should have the advantage of numbers in the air, help even it up
Hurray!
On WA, I kinda wish they would limit the number of Rebel fighters you can have in the air at once.
I'm surprised people believe you need to have skill to use the pulse cannon, its a 1 shot kill weapon. In my experience using it, no skill is really needed, its as simple as point and shoot.
Brilliant, I love the force choke but you shouldn't be using it in situations like that!
It's not the man weapon I use, but if i'm having one of they days where I just can't seem to hit anything, it is my default gun to help get a few kills and get the confidence back
Brilliant
You find that camera on the ceiling? Only kidding, congratulations!
I think Viper droids are just easily to spot because they hover above the ground.
Sounds as if the Galaxy class could be seen as a potential failure
Did the Odyssey manage to take any out Dominion ships during that encounter?
Yeah the Galaxy Class could easily go toe to toe with other know capital ships of the time (pre dominion war that is)
I'm sure we seen one or 2 getting destroyed at the first battle of Chin'toka
&gt; I would have rather them kill off O'brien and his family to make space for her. Wait, what?!
If you have a good partner who is trying to play the objective, it can be really handy to use him for spawning and getting back into the action quickly and not having to run a mile to catch up
Same with the crew, they leave spacedock as the bright eyed, full of hope and energy, excitement, coming back as cynical, wearied, angry from the experience... Or just not making it back at all
&gt; If I remember correctly, his crime wasn't that serious Tbf, He did join a terrorist group
[http://tng.trekcore.com/bluray/images/s3comp/tngs3-bluraypreview-313-3-hd.jpg] Enterprise D from above in the atmosphere
Would loved to have found out more about The Husnock and the adventures of one lone Borg cube/sphere in the Gamma quadrant
IMO air superiority can make a massive difference to the outcome of a game, especially when the uplink is sitting out in the open, A/Y/Speeders can easily pick off players from above. Being in control of the sky can help dictate what's happening on the ground. Plus if you have any Tie fighters still in the air at the final uplink, it means they can take out the speeders before they can attempted to take down a walker with a cable, leaving the rest of us to concentrate on the ground forces
&gt; I imagine a lot of worlds could feel threatened or put off by the insular and, frankly, xenophobic Klingon and Romulan empires so having the Federation around would mean a lot. I always imagined the Federation having something similar to a NATO with certain non member worlds.
I wouldn't want to mess with Italian Leia.
Wouldn't that be similar ti asking why would someone go to the pub for a few drinks when they can do it at home? I think the short answer would be its a place people can go to socialise and relax
I'll be happy for Siri just to understand my accent one day
Yeah the maquis thing was something I didn't get. Why did they appear to happily accept being fitted out in Starfleet uniforms? Felt like more of a conscription than a willingness
Yeah, I've always wondered that. I mean how long did Riker, Troi and Geordie have to walk about about until they found a sleeping Reg in the Holodeck?
I think she has a point. You could argue that the Federation assimilates cultures, they either force them to change into what they deem as acceptable or don't allow them into the club. Look at Bajour, it had been mentioned they wouldn't be allowed to be a member of the federation if they reverted back to its culture prior to the Cardassian occupation, with its class system as briefly seen
I didn't see a single shadow trooper or helmetless stormtrooper. This pleases me
This EU referendum has been utterly farce from the start. The hate that's been whipped up by the right against immigrants and refugees is nothing short of disgusting
For our friends across the Atlantic, I know UK and its devolved politics are be confusing for some MP - Member of Parliament (UK parliament, Westminster, London) MEP - Member of European Parliament (EU Parliament, Brussels) MSP - Member of Scottish Parliament (Scottish Parliament, Holyrood, Edinburgh) AM - Assembly Member (Welsh Parliament, Cardiff) MLA - Member of the Legislative Assembly (Northern Ireland assembly, Belfast)
MP is also used for Military Police for the UK armed forces!
You actually believe that guff you've just posted?
Think of it as an open day in the MP constituency they represent. (They usually use a public building such as a library, community hall, school etc..) Basically once a month an MP will hold a surgery meaning members of the public can make an appointment to see them face to face to discuss matters they wish, it can be either a local grievance or a national grievance, that the MP could raise with Parliament
Oops. I'll put that down as a typo.
Same, but I do think the default stormtrooper skin is the best.
I keep seeing Axanar fans talk about this 20 minute promo as "real" Star Trek Go back and watch TOS and early TNG, Axanar is in no way remotely faithful to early Roddenberry Star Trek. It's basically a war film. Couldn't be further from Star Trek IMO
Yeah, I use the AT-ST as an anti aircraft vehicle
Being turned on offended you?
He gets the job done, you might like how but it gets done
Fuck me, that is horrific news
Yeah, Unless it's my imagination I'm sure the Dominion was already aware of the Federation existence
Indeed
Words are pronounced differently all the time depending on where you are in the world. Even names Craig being one prime example
Same, I do get a deep sense of satisfaction taking out rebel ships. Although it can take multiple attempts to take out a A-Wing
Just voted. Remain. Some of the story from the leave camp have been disgusting, you must feel like a leper being a foreigner in England (Not the rest of the UK) right now. Be interesting to see the outcome, If English votes does pull Scotland out of the EU it would be a constitutional crisis.
After watching Die Hard when I was a wee boy, I assumed all Americans are Cowboys for a long time. Wasn't until I seen City Slickers that I realised differently
That really should be a special weapon. It makes him invincible for a short period of time
What rules?
Why should the rebels have another advantage trying to bring down the Walker? You don't even get punished for snapping the cable. You get unlimited attempted and at least 3 speeders in the air, (not to mention any A-Wings) Your team should be carrying Ion Torpedo, they make mince meat out of the AT-ST
"Entitled" well it's usually just decent common curtesy to welcome someone. But demonising them.....
So making money and starting a profit making business from someone else IP falls under the fair use laws Really?
UK is in political meltdown at the moment. PM resigned Leader of the opposition just had a motion of no confidence from his party MPs Sinn Fenn wanting NI to have a referendum on a United Ireland Scottish First Minister making preparations for a Scottish independence referendum Within an hour of the result Spain are already wanting to have discussion to have join sovereignty over Gibraltar £ dropping like a stone on the market. UK has lost £390 billion from the economy within 2 hours. Plus it's painfully obvious the leave camp have made zero plans for a Brexit. EU want to start exit negotiations straight away UK couldn't be anymore divided at the moment. It's not even been 12 hours since the result, I suspect we still have a lot more to come
Bloody Scots, they ruined Scotland!
Yes. During the 2014 Independence referendum we had been repeatedly told by the NO camp, if we leave the UK we leave the EU and leaving the EU would mean devastation for our economy as businesses and banks would uproot and move elsewhere. In short, we got sold a lie. Right now the UK is up shit creek without a paddle.
Scotland already meets all of the EU regulations.
Spain wouldn't object as it would do real harm to Spanish fishermen not having Scotland (and our vast waters) in the EU
Technically speaking Scotland is a country.
Big difference between what's happening in Spain and Scotland. For starters, Scotland is a country.
Scotland isn't a region though. It is a country, big difference
No they didn't
Being in the single market for one. Norway has to pay the EU for access to the single market, accept freedom of movement etc... All without having a seat at the table with zero influence.
They didn't. For starter it would be a bad thing for the Spanish fishing industry not having Scotland (and its vast waters) within the EU At no point did Spain say they would block Scotland remaining a EU member, believe me, I lived through the referendum
The euro is not a requirement, and the Spanish Government has never said it would veto Scottish membership. No idea why this myth still goes around.
Someone like Boris? Very good. I would imagine the Labour voters who put him into the position as leader care. Sinn Fenn power share in Stormont Scottish Government are already making plans to potentially hold a referendum. With the UK out the EU, Spain can easily but a blockade on Gibraltar, Which would fuck the place over. Starting. Still a long way off from yesterday. I do, I'm going to suggesting you don't understand the political system. Nobody from the Leave camp, nor any of it's backers (the one in Government and opposition parties) provided any plans or policies in the event of a leave vote, just rhetoric
Said it before Alec Peters has been trying to set this up as "us the real Star Trek fans" aka Axanar vs " Big bad evil studio, who hate the fans" Star Trek is global. People like me wont be paying CBS All Access simple because I'm not from the US I've just had a look, Axanar has had 2.3m views in almost 2 years, on the global scale of things, that is peanuts, small fry. CBS will still sell the show around the world. Alec Peters is deluded, I'm surprised his ego can fit in the studio door.
Off topic. I always thought that expression was totally out of character for Sisko, every time I watch Emissary it throws me when I see him do it.
They should just spawn at a random location and players shouldn't be able to pick up the token more than once a game. It's becoming unbelievable the amount of times I see the same players as multiple heroes during games.
I don't think it would be uncommon for a starship to undergo "sea trials" without be being fully equipped, I wouldn't think it would even be necessary to have a tractor beam or torpedos for a nip around the block so to speak. Having Kirk and the news team just comes across as nothing more than a PR stunt. The thing I struggle with the most is believing Starfleet had no other starship within the sector (its Earth after all!) and the Ribbon along with the El-Aurian ships managed to travel into the heart of the Federation without so much as anyone saying a peep.
Shout out to the sperm that won the race
To be fair, when he's coming towards you. Your only other options are to either, run away or let him kill you. You had no choice.
The guy is a tadger Just listening to him, blames everyone else, refuses to take any responsibility, can't understand why everyone else didn't unite under him. Sometimes I need to remind myself, Axanar is only a 20 minute short film.... He's talking about CBS buying Axanar and making millions from it.
I always felt the story and setting was a bit weak.
Bit random, but the one thing I really like about this film, was them ditching the bubble shield effect
Big Map - Easily Hoth, Just loving running about that map Worst. Endor. Don't get me wrong, it is beautifully done, but I really struggle to find my bearings in it, Sometimes I even struggle to see the walker
That is incredible to watch, but I would imagine utterly terrifying to be sitting in the thing at the time.
Yassss! Despite having them already on DVD or Blu-Ray. I'm just too lazy to go upstairs and grab a boxset.
I wish. Chances are it will be on Sky Atlantic.
TNG DS9 ENT VOY TOS If I had put them in order.
Why wouldn't the computer understand him? The world is full of regional dialects. I'm pretty sure anyone who can master faster than light travel can invent a computer that will understand different accents
To be fair, Battlefront 2 was a great game, it's easy to understand why you'd get excited
I'm pretty shocked the amount of guys on here that are expecting to pay for the meal/drinks in full. Every date I've ever been on, we have split the bill 50/50 without any issues
The line must be drawn here! This far, no farther!
Not to mention the money was also being used to start a for profit business. He was literally using the Star Trek brand to make money I don't think people would have such a problem with it, if this was a non profit fan film, With all donations going into the film.
He tried something similar here. http://www.dailyrecord.co.uk/news/scottish-news/tycoon-donald-trump-fences-off-home-1104665 Guess who ended up paying for it in the end? I'll give you a clue. It was Trump
Wait, you've seen a trail for Discovery? Please do share Guess it comes down to opinions, but from what I've seen of Anaxar it doesn't look anything special, looks more like a war film than a Star Trek show.
King of England. You know there isn't such a thing? Unless you are planning of traveling back to the 1600s
Union of the crowns 1603 say otherwise. The King (or queen) does not hold the title King of England.
Reminds me a lot like some of the station you'd find on the Glasgow Subway. Which ironically is nickname the Clockwork Orange due to its train being orange (plus it only has one line that goes in a circle)
What the Enterprise does in this episode is similar to what the Borg did in BOBW. Only 1 ship, pretty much capable of wiping out the "enemy" here
All the time, only because I find it more fun defending people than attacking them.
You just know if NI held a similar referendum to us, they wouldn't have every English MP and celebrity going over and begging them to vote against leaving the UK and how we are "Better together"
What difference does it make that his friend was Jewish?
Hurray..... We are fucked.
Behave.
England are our neighbours... not the UK government You do understand the difference? Next you'll be telling us having a go at Donald Trump is anti American. Hopefully you're just attempting to troll and failing badly here.
You've spelt it out rather well. You're a shite troll. We understand.
No mate. Just you. Horrific one at that, You sound like a VL
They don't even have Nuclear weapons
&gt; The man has no real qualifications slating the SNP is all the qualifications you need these days to justify getting a column
Labour despise its Independence supporting voters/members. During the indyref, they treated them like lepers. They don't want them in the party.
That speech seems more about saving the union than leaving the EU
"Preservation of the union will be at the heart of everything we do"
One of the reason given that Scotland couldn't have a "special status" within the EU was down to the fact it would mean us and England would have an open border with different immigration polices. No idea how it will work over there
Ugh, what does his Euro myth persist. Facts are, UK will have an open border with the EU. Apparently this would be good between ROI and NI, but not Scotland and England, if Scotland got this "special status" as we need immigration
RIP UK 1707 - 2019 Can't say you'll be missed
Must have been my imagination seeing all they English MPs, celebrities and campaign groups coming up here begging us for a no vote.
What heartlands?
It's amazing people still go on about this Spanish veto myth. You'd think Scotland is the only country within Europe that the EU doesn't want as a member.
&gt; Support for independence has not increased since the referendum, even in the face of the brexit vote. Yes, but we haven't been campaigning for Independence since 2014. In fact you could argue it's amazing the support has still held up despite active anti independence campaigning from the unionist parties since 2014.
No... We haven't. Lol
Word of advice..... Don't just read a headline
You liar. No you didn't
24 hour Subway please
Give them a break, they've only been talking about expanding the subway for around 20 years. Bound to happen anyday now
Have you fallen on your head?
You're clutching at straws now. Must be upset knowing despite the constant anti independence campaigning from the regional parties that support has dropped. I suspect the worry is, if we have another referendum, the unionist know they don't have the luxury this time to piss away such a massive lead.
He is the UK Government representative to Scotland, He does what is in the best interest of the UK government, if that isn't in the best interest of Scotland. Then do be it. They really should just abolish the post. He is getting paid a cabinet minister wage for doing not a really lot
&gt; They rejected outright the idea of Scotland joining the EU No they didn't this is a myth. Scotland leaving the UK would be entirely legal and constitutional. Spain argues Catalonia independence would be unconstitutional, they don't see a border in Spain, Catalonia and the basque country are Spanish in their eyes, they have no legal means to declare independence from Spain. You cannot compare Scotland with it. Chalk and cheese EDIT: Quote from the Spanish foreign minister back in 2014 Spanish foreign minister José-Manuel García-Margallo was asked about Spain’s response to Scottish independence, and insisted that the two situations were “fundamentally different”. Pressed on the issue, he replied: “If Britain’s constitutional order allows – and it seems that it does allow – Scotland to choose independence, we have nothing to say about this.”
&gt; Spain threatened to block Scottish access to the EU, Again, they didn't.
They did not. Of course it was from 2014, as that was when we had our referendum. That is when the question of the "Spanish veto" was discussed and quickly dismissed for the reasons I had given.
&gt; Stop clutching at straws. I think you are the one clutching at straws here. Spain has never said they would block Scotland from joining the EU. You'll be good enough to provide me a quote from them saying otherwise. Not even the Unionist parties here use the Spanish argument because they know its a nonsense one. It's laughable and slightly embarrassing you would compare the situation in Spain with Scotland. Fuck sake, even the Spanish Government know it isn't the same. So please, do yourself a favour, don't pretend you know better than them on the situation.
You do understand the difference between Scotland seeking a special deal while remaining part of the UK and Scotland seeking to continue being a EU country if we became independent? Obviously not. Take your own advice, stop your nonsense. It's laughable
&gt; Spanish govt has clearer stated they would only negotiate with the UK govt Of course they would. Brexit is an internal matter for the UK. That isn't the argument. You claim Spain have rejected the idea of Scotland joining the EU This is not true. Take your medicine and accept you're in the wrong here. Thanks you. For making an arse of yourself. It's been a pleasure
Whatever mate. You made an arse of yourself be getting it wrong. You obviously can't stand being shown up. Tough, you just need to accept it
But we know it's not as simple as that. Labour even used to say something similar during the Thatcher years
Be interesting to see how Murray votes, since he is technically a UK Labour MP, not a Scottish one
Could Scottish Labour financially afford to go it alone? I do wonder how many card carrying members they have in Scotland don't actually support "Scottish" Labour, but the UK party
No imagination go into movie posters these days? I feel like I've seen this style of poster a ridiculous amount of times in recent years
I'm shocked Not really
Hit on everyone.
&gt; axanar looked better than anything they have produced with pennies. lol wut? You have to be joking, Axanar was making a war film. It was bang average at best.
&gt; that's why they shut it down, because it was good. I know, Its not as if any writer working on a Star Trek show could have came up with the idea of showing a war between the Federation and Klingons. Such an original concept, I can see why Paramount/CBS wanted it shut down.
The funny thing is if this was brought up before the vote, we know Westminster would still have voted to renew and chances are this would have blown over by now. Now, all the UK government has successfully done is make themselves out to be liars who hide the truth from Parliament
Is that the organisation who use creditable individuals such as Tom Gallagher and Jill Stephenson to speak for them?
Of course they should. Happy enough to boast when the test was successful. These tests are monitored anyways, one of the reasons they announce in advance. It's hardly a secret. Chances are, the test failure wasn't a secret to foreign governments, but it was kept a secret from our own parliament
Pro Trump marches and rallies planned for April 15* * Alternative facts
I think it would be naive to believe they didn't know. Apart from the fact we are constantly spying on each other, a missile test would not go unnoticed off the US coast, and even if they didn't know in advance this was planned, they probably knew very quickly what it was and if it was a failure or not. To quote an article today on the subject... "Russia almost certainly knew about it, if the experience of previous tests is anything to go by. During the 2012 launch, two Russian spy ships were in the vicinity, monitoring the launch. According to The Silent Deep, a detailed look at the UK’s nuclear submarines by Peter Hennessy and James Jinks, the Russian commander sent a message afterwards: “Bravo November, this is Russian warship. We sincerely congratulate crew of your ship with the successful completion of the ballistic missile Trident II launch exercise.” EDIT: Michael Fallon has just confirmed in parliament it was also a demonstration as well as a test, "Prior to conducting the test fire the UK strictly adheres to all treaty obligations, notified the relevant nations and other interested parties" So, its safe the say the Russians knew
See my edit regarding Michael Fallon comments to Parliament this afternoon. I'm also assuming if you're going to test fire a dummy trident missle towards the west coast of Africa, you'd need to inform a lot of nations of this, Just in case there is a mix up.
I don't know why you're arguing this. As I said before, you'd need to be very naive to believe the Russians didn't know his was a Trident test and it was a failure (if reports of it being a failure are true that is)
That can't be right, apparently without Trident, Helensburgh would turn into a shanty down.
The most powerful devolved parliament in the world, within a nation of equals
Just watching a DUP spokesman on the BBC, he sounded pretty pleased the devolved parliaments won't get a say on the basis "We are British"
That makes no sense. You do understand the meaning of equal?
You sure? Unless you're arguing that the UK should not be a nation of equals.
Watching the BBC, some DUP spokesman (I didn't catch his name) sounded happy that the devolved parliaments won't get a say.
Michelle Mone will get a bigger say than the Scottish parliament. Just let that sink in
Yes. And 2 of the 4 nations that make up the UK voted to remain. Are you suggesting the nations of equals promise was just nonsense? Unless you're trying to argue, whatever nation of the UK has the biggest population by default should get to decide for the rest of us what direction to take the UK is somehow equal? I'm still convinced some people don't understand the meaning
You're idea of fairness is pretty baffling to me. I guess we are lucky we have a parliament with MPs from one of the nations are not the overwhelmingly majority who will get to makes these decisions on our behalf
So when is it relevant?
The Scottish government did, It argued before the referendum that all 4 nations would have to vote in favour to leave in order for the UK as a whole to leave the EU , not allowing one nation to get the decided simply based on its population size Especially as we had been constantly reminded the UK is a "partnership of equals" UK government rejected the proposal. Bet Cameron regrets that one
Yet English votes can take Scotland and NI out the EU? Bizarre situation to be in. Probably need to rethink the name United Kingdom.
Well it really does. A one size fits all policy doesn't work for the UK (Just look at NI). Why do you think we have devolved parliaments to begin with. Scotland, NI, (and Gibraltar) vote to remain. England and Wales voted to leave.
Strange question as I nor the Scottish Gov ever suggested it should be. Again, I can't believe I need to keep asking this, but do some people not understand what equals mean, as in a nation of equals?
&gt; Northern Ireland is worth far more than the a vote from someone in England. This violates the principle of one person, one vote which is a pretty fundamental tenet of democracy. A proportional referendum is not democratic. As things stand, a vote from someone in England is worth more than a vote than someone from anywhere else in the UK. Maybe, if all 4 nations within the UK had the same number of MP's in parliament. Then we could make decisions as an actual United Kingdom. Stay in the UK and accept it or leave? So people shouldn't argue for change or something they believe in?, just suck it up and accept it. It's that attitude of no comprising that is tearing the UK apart. PS , Scotland is a country. (Shock horror it was around before the act of union, it didn't disappear) Not even our own unionists disagree with this. But that is another argument for a different day day.
If you're happy with the current political set up we have in the UK meaning that one region within the UK has the power either through its population size or its MP numbers in parliament can made decision for the rest of the UK.... Such as leaving the EU. That is fine, that is what you believe. I'm not trying to convince you to change your mind I just wish you had a backbone when defending this system for what it is instead of pretending its something its not.
Lol, wut? You do understand the difference between a region and a country? For a laugh though, explain to us, how legally and constitutionally somewhere like say Ayrshire can leave Scotland? This should be fun.
Scotland, Wales and NI rejected the Conservative party and its policies at the ballot box. (Include the referendum of our membership of the EU) England, voted for them. You're trying to compare chalk and cheese
Scotland is a country champ. Don't embarrassed yourself on this one. Ayrshire doesn't. I did ask for it to be explain exactly how Ayrshire could legally and constitutionally leave Scotland. I didn't get an answer Do I need to ask again or will I receive another laughable deflection?
Except under Scots law. Honestly, do I really need to ask if you know the difference between a country and a sovereign state? Behave. Even the likes of Ukraine was still a country while part of the Soviet Union. If that's you're final answer, you've given me the wrong answer. I wasn't asking for your own personally opinion either.
Did you bother to read my question?
You are willing to accept it if you agree with the current political set up. I've said it before, a One size fits all policy doesn't work for the UK. Why do you think we even have devolved parliaments to begin with? To suggest this is a partnership of equals* (Copyright UK Gov) is laughable at best
Do you really need the difference spelt out to you? Good grief.
Ugh. God, you're like a child. I hope you're just ignorant. It's the least embarrassing option for you now.
I'm not you're school teacher. If you don't understand the simple and basic differences between a region and a country. I suggest you go do some research on the matter.
Of course it's not irrelevant. It's this attitude that is tearing the UK apart.
You're right. Despite the fact the people of Scotland, Wales and NI rejected the Tory manifesto that proposed a referendum on our EU membership, and despite the fact 2 out of the 4 countries voted to remain within the EU. We are now leaving it. Obviously it's not the suck it up and accept it attitude that is in the wrong here, causing issues here.
Off screen someone is standing with a sticky bomb in hand
Depends... Saying you support a terrorist organisation isn't a crime. But if you're funding, recruiting etc... for them. Then yeah that is a crime
I think the rest of the UK really don't give a fuck about NI. Including the politicians
We still have to watch this video as part of our fire safety training. Never gets any easier to view
Motherwell rules
I don't understand how that can be considered as justice
Shame Teresa May is a spineless coward
I don't have an issue if politicians want to meet up and kill each other.
That makes me ridiculously angry.
What do you expect. Have people forgotten about the "go home" vans she sent around London?
Ignorance is bliss eh?
Too little too late if she did
Of course he shouldn't be banned. Besides he's probably entitled to a UK passport since his mother is from Scotland. What we shouldn't be doing is rolling out the red carpet for him and cut out the arse licking.
We know, she has said it before. I don't have a problem with the party policy being against Independence. Its the hostility towards it, not to mention the way they treated its own members who support or are even sympathetic towards the suggestion Scotland would be better leaving the union. They simple don't want any indy supporters within the party, hence why they treat them like lepers hoping they'll quit. If they go down the route of asking them to leave, all it does is give people another compassion with the Tories (As Ruth who claims she wants to govern for everyone in Scotland.... did say she would ask indy supporting Tories to leave the party) It's hilarious when she claims they are not a "Unionist party" despite putting the union above all else... A new act of union FFS, and telling us at the start of the year that 2017 was all about saving the union!
Yer maws a boiler, has a nice ring to it
Terrorist* who liked...
Quick reminder about May and her Government - She was the one that sent vans around London telling people to go home. They also suggesting companies should provided lists of foreign workers It's hardly a shock she is rolling out the red carpet for Trump.
Did you read the story? Nobody is talking about banning him, we shouldn't be rolling out the red carpet for him.
Uh, no they didn't. It's a protest/ petition about him receiving a state visit. Also, it was the UK not just England. Glad to have helped cleared this up
It's disgusting.
&gt; A necessary evil Nonsense. It is not necessary for us to have them.
Not just mine... Nor just the opinion of 2 former defence secretaries Even the military think its a waste of money that is nothing more than a political took But obviously know better.
It's not a ban, you know how I know this? I can read
Very disappointed, hopefully they will do him justice this season as he has been wasted so far
Just because a party might only stand within 1 country of the UK doesn't means they don't deserve representation or a national platform We need to put up with UKIP after all I would imagine the rUK moan about it is because they don't have a clue about devolved politics, they only really have 2 realistic choices
Glasgow's guide to Glasgow You won't be short on things to see or do in either city https://www.reddit.com/r/glasgow/comments/5yt5cg/rglasgows_guide_to_glasgow/
Doing yourself a disservice if you don't go for a curry
If they are represented in parliament they should receive an invite. They've earned the right
Don't be a dick
He's certainly a person I'd be interested in giving a boot to the baws
Scottish Labour have single handily made the Labour brand toxic in Scotland That is an incredible achievement. It's even more amazing that UK Labour seem to be ok with how they've handled things up here. Personally I would vote for Corbyn, but you can't vote Labour up here without giving your vote to Scottish Labour and that is something I will not do. It's even more laughable that both Scottish Labour and the Scottish Lib Dems said during the last GE campaign they wanted to win over independence supporters, yet within a few years they've decided to go full unionist
