pretty long, if NKorea needs resources, they will threaten the entire world and the world will give him resources again. Also, lets not forget China and Russia are still an allies of North Korea.
that's your assumption, I can't downvote, the arrow is not available, dumbass
ehhh no, Bazoer is the best Ajax player with Tete, Bazoer deserves to be 78-79 and Tete 79.
What are your custom tactics you use? And what instructions do you give your players?
sorry mate and thanks
He's even good on LCM/CM
Yeah so true, he seems a lot faster and his attacking sense is amazing really.
Yeah true, not for that kind of money. Luckily I had IF Lamela and Lavezzi. Later I got Aguero, Biglia, Pastore and Di Maria. Now I'm thinking of just putting him on the bench since I he's great to come in and wreck havoc when the opponent is tired. Got a bit of money now so I'm thinking of combining other players with Aguero.
do the skill game, it really helps :) just retry everytime you fail or dont perfect it, you will get the hang of it
EAids white knights will come in and say that this is the realism we wanted and that EAids is doing everything right
I dont think the chemistry card is an issue, when you play him on a different position he often has different instruction, just put him back first and see if he plays normally again.
Was just about to post this lol
they are number 1 at the moment so what are you talking about?
I laughed, hard
I do, but you're obviously biased while I'm not a fan of any club. If Van der Wiel is 78, so should Tete at least. Bazoer is better than Klaassen at the moment and he's 79 rated. Bazoer should at least be 78 like Tete.
Leno
not really I've read it many times here lol
same, I dont get it why he gets praised all the time, if you want to guy for the title, Mane isn't good enough.
no one is implying that, you are bringing up a point no one mentioned in this, its just true he isnt good enough to make us a title winner, but that doesnt mean he shouldnt come or he doesnt have qualities.
Hi Palmer, I've been following the rift for quite some time, not as fanatic as I have seen other people do, but I'm still quite excited. My question is, which game in which setting/gaming setup has given you the best impression/experience of the Rift?
that's his phone
not on the first touch but if there's a guy trying to get it from you, you will shield it during the first touch
Another injury
Yeah with all the limitations he had, he couldnt get a few world class players he wanted, so what only remains are the old players and some expensive new ones he did get but aren't good enough yet
No they shouldn't, the players aren't that good really. They have a lot of potential, but they just aren't that good.
How is Mourinho any different than Van Gaal? Look where he brought Chelsea. Now before you say he won titles with Chelsea, LVG also won titles.
Unbeaten at the world cup isn't a relevant success? In 2010 he won the Bundesliga with Bayern Munich after a rocky start. So many here are glory hunters. You need to give him time. 2 seasons isn't enough to fix such a broken team.
Bale is great, Neymar not that great because of his finishing. But he still can score a lot and 5 star skills + 5 star weak foot. I got the money to buy Messi or Ronaldo, not sure which one I will get.
I play with Ronaldo a lot in FUT Draft and I love the way he plays. He's so OP. But Messi has better chemistry with my Aguero and Tevez.
Can anyone tell me when I should buy Ramos, Boateng, Modric, Neuer and Alaba?
Bale has more shot power which helps for scoring as well.
a lot of people dont appreciate logic but prefer to let their emotions run wild
he does often but players personal mistakes happen
I wonder how the fat man feels now that Rooney has scored
LVG - Liverpool 4-0
senor i think
Sold my squad while players were still expensive. My team now in 4-3-1-2 Ronaldo - Neymar James Rodriguez Vidal - Modric - Iniesta Alaba - Boateng - Ramos - Danilo Neuer Loving this squad, especially Ronaldo, he's even more insane than in FUT Draft because the opponents are weaker. Neymar feels like an extra CAM which is great because I play everything to Ronaldo. Which creates space.
Japan havent apologized for comfort women.
He wont add anything extra with the current midfielders we have now. A creative attacking midfielder with pace is needed.
Lukaku to Madrid? No way
they havent apologized to specific countries, like the Netherlands, we're still waiting for an apology.
yeah I think he's great as well, but I'd rather see someone else....I dont feel like Kroos can force a win.
exactly what I wanted to say, Shaw might not come back in time or properly. And its good to have competition. Im also sure both of them can play on the other side as well.
still would be filled with contracts and no TOTY player hahaha
Wesley Snipes?
yeah especially Ronaldo's height, jumping power, finishing, 5* skill moves, shot power, nothing compared to what Neymar and Messi have.
4312 with Ronaldo and Neymar as LF and LF haha
I've had that in FIFA 15. I started making another team but that fun only lasted a short time. Then I started playing other games or other modes like Pro Clubs which is great if you have a bunch of friends who play FIFA.
Get Marcelo, there wont be any better LB. Godin and Higuain will most likely get a TOTS so there will be better versions of them. Marcelo's price will rise more and more.
89 rated Benzema? I'll sell my Neymar for that!
True, it was the same in FIFA 15 :) Only Ronaldo and Messi are worth investing in if you have that possibility.
same, I used Messi as well but Ronaldo forces his way trough and always scores.
EA wants to add extra drama in their games, so they control it for you. That's why it happens a lot.
You're goddamn right
I mean, you must have studied the code for some time and been a part of the production process for many years to say no against what I've said, while my statement is an obvious conclusion based on multiple observations by hundreds of gamers. It's the JOB of the DEVELOPERS to create something that impresses you. How could you even reject the idea they wouldn't control parts of the game for you in order to achieve that? For example, FIFA have had sliders for a long time to control the game, increase chances of scoring etc, why aren't they able to do that in-game to create a dramatic effect? EA white knight spotted!
he will get a TOTS most likely or even an upgrade, he will reach 99 stats soon if he gets a big upgrade.
im so happy i didnt sell neymar for SIF benzema hahaha, dodged a bullet there
I would just wait with buying the likes of Aguero, get it after the upgrades/TOTS, or use it and sell it in time but thats difficult.
yeah or someone from the youth, but I think its better to buy someone with experience right now.
because EAids, many issues like this in many of their games require just an easy patch, but they just dont care.
exactly, they simply dont care
exactly, well said, too bad most people here don't want to face the truth that EAids are dirty manipulators.
dude, FUT uses it's own settings, it's not the same as offline playing. It's also been that way in FIFA 15. You've had more than a year to find that out and you still haven't accomplished that. Sad really.
its all her bra though, she has a korean c cup i guess, which is the same as b cup in western countries
Tancredi Palmeri, working for La Gazzetta dello Sport and beIN Sport says it's becoming more likely that Neymar will go to Manchester United.
you englishmen are just loving panic management. You seriously think the squad will improve under a different coach? Ever thought that the players are just not good enough? If you had to create your own club, and you can buy anyone you want, which player of Manchester United would you pick? Maybe De Gea, no one else is of world class quality. I think the tactics of LVG are too advanced to be performed correctly by these players.
thanks man this is great, but yes, I'm sure. The thing is, she's very slim and she got natural boobs, her size is big in korea, but here in the western world, its pretty normal. But since she's so slim, her boobs look bigger. Still, hers are great and amazing.
I'm confident in LVG's tactics and strategy, it has been succesful so many times. The only thing that's left are 2-3 world class players that need to be bought.
never said 11 world class players were needed
they sack too much to be fake
yeah true she 100% did her face, but her chest bounces really naturally. But she has money so maybe she found a wonder doctor
thank the leftist apologists in our country, they are fucking mental
delusional people who either don't want to face reality or people who live in places where they don't have to deal with refugees and other scum that came in trough immigration
well said
lol what, the current parties in the government are leftist parties. CDA and D66 are leftist. They both form a party with the VVD in the European parlement. And they all follow the wishes of the EU. How can you deny that? Also for some motions made, it required the help of GroenLinks.
they aren't right orientated, holy shit, how blind can you be??? The EU isn't right wing at all, it's a socialist hell hole.
lol defense being cut isnt a right wing policy at all, thats bullshit. They are spending a lot of money to donate to 3rd world countries, which is left wing, they are supporting the EU's leftist program, which is left wing as well. It's not a different spectrum at all. Its pretty much the same. Its not about following the EU or not, but the program the EU has which the Netherlands follows everything.
very true. but maybe they werent so sure themselves as well
when I see her I always think she isn't really 100% right in her head, she looks a bit crazy. Maybe she has borderline or something
hahahaha this always cracks me up
hahaha Americans, such a dumb fat bunch
so whats the difference really? it stops rolling earlier?
Frans Traitormans is already saying what he said before isn't completely right. Typical leftwing bitch.
Well said OP, finally a post that shows how it really is, too many dumb fans here have way too high expectations
I've tried it but there's no difference
lol what, how is it his fault everyone gets injured?
Exactly, LVG tactics was always depended of having good full backs
how?
yeah same for me, but its not the lag, they patched the gameplay
no it doesnt, because everyone knows its ridiculous
You're kind of contradicting yourself. It's because they are a mediocre opponent that they could play attacking football. Attacking football was always a possibility but now with a defense like this. It's way too risky.
Couldn't agree more
Man, I remember how shit he was at Ajax at the beginning, I just didnt understand why Frank de Boer kept using him, but then he kept growing and growing, and that Ajax won against Barcelona (Messi was missing but still), and Blind was one of the main players in that match. He made some mistakes, he was outran, beaten in duels etc. But still kept growing. Suddenly those 2 magnificent assists were made by him at the world cup, that shitty player, suddenly grows rapidly, and he keeps growing at Manchester United. It's such a rare sight to see really. I think almost everyone that watches the Premier League can agree Blind has been one of the most consistent players in the league and one of the better ones. It's just that his name doesn't reach the headlines a lot because of his position.
EAids at it's best
lol'd hard
mmh yeah I can see your point
hahahahaha
lol propaganda at it's best. Im sure many amerifats are willing to believe this
ask for the numbers. Also the percentage of locals who do rape compared to the total population of locals is much lower than the amount and percentage of refugees who rape/sexually assault people. So you can actually see it's a cultural thing.
Shouldn't we have the woman from Dorne in here?
he knew he would lose though
The only reasonable explanation IF Bran had something to do with it is that he gave a vision to the mad king about the white walkers, where he was already mad or senile, it twisted his mind and said BURN THEM ALL, but he wanted to kill the white walkers or whatever. I dont think Bran was a part of the Mad King's madness
Maybe supporters from all the religions have to come together to put an end to the white walker drama.
Im getting more and more the feeling he's getting more power hungry
As a CS player, Widow Maker is awesome. I love her grappling hook skill. She's my best character but I'm pretty good with Genji too and most of the other heroes. But Widow Maker in the hands of a decent/good CS player is lethal. When someone comes close, I just jump down, bait them in jumping down making them walk over my mine, and I grapple myself back up, distance has been made and I shoot them down.
It's the same really, only you need to charge your shot and the hitboxes are different. But the same sense of aiming and reaction applies.
thanks mate!!!
As a dutch person I can confirm this, but we also talk about the dangers and the mechanics. When I was young we had to watch a movie of a woman giving birth with ALL the details. It was disgusting but very educative.
Yeah because of that people misunderstand. But picks will become better when ranked mode comes
I dont think so, it's just that he has no escapes and dies easily. When he dies, he has 0 skills to make him return faster. I seriously think that a team shouldn't rely on Zenyatta's healing because its not a fast heal and its only a single target heal. Yes it will accumulate to high numbers, but it wont let you tank the way Mercy heals. The heal is good, no doubt.
Not that difficult really. but like i said, you dont have to be good with her
to me, the passing is much better than previous FIFA's, but it's still bad.
Great! It's pretty essential for a subreddit like this one. Guides are the best way for people to learn in my opinion.
Was guessing it meant Public Unranked Game
Thanks for the bit of credit! haha
The biggest wish I have right now is with Zlatan coming, that Memphis Depay gets back on track to who he was before the transfer. Memphis should start to become Zlatan's little bitch so that he has someone to look up to and grow. Imagine all the skills those 2 will pull off. Oh my oh my.
his passing was really shit though, but you could see in the combinations that it could be extremely dangerous for the opponent. So I guess the potential is there.
Wijnaldum?
so original
where?
awesome, please reply to me so I can see the inbox pop up
dont you feel the need to place all 6 of them? I just get the feeling they get destroyed too easily if its only 2-4
What about all the other ulti's like Reaper, D.Va and so on
I hope this is a joke. Atheism shouldn't even be a thing (meaning that it's neutral), so days like these shouldn't either. As an atheist myself, this is cringy
nah, its the same tone every year "we really want to bring a new experience to the players blablabla"
you can add another 1% because they are always 1 year behind with BPL players, which means Memphis will get his face in FIFA 100%.
He only has to look at you and you will automatically run your laps harder than you normally do
Why is everyone so excited? They will just port FIFA 16 to this engine, make some adjustments and graphical improvements, throw in some marketing slogans and you got FIFA 17. I GUARANTEE IT. It's EA we are talking about. FUT will remain their main focus. Forget about a good career mode and forget about a huge improvement on proclubs.
The only great thing about FIFA 16 was the R1 pass. No touch dribbling is useless unless you spam it for cheap acceleration boosts. Thats it really.
I seriously doubt it because they didnt have to do that when they switched from last gen to current gen. They are both EA engines so I wouldn't be surprised if they could easily port it.
I seriously doubt it because they didnt have to do that when they switched from last gen to current gen. They are both EA engines so I wouldn't be surprised if they could easily port it.
dont be an idiot, they didnt intend it for people to exploit it for acceleration boosts. There is 0 added worth for no touch dribbling compared to doing skill moves.
Why would you even main heroes? Sometimes the situation doesnt ask to have one of your main heroes in the team.
exactly
She's fine the way she is in my opinion. You can take her out just as easily. Maybe make her body shots do less damage and headshots more rewarding.
People underestimate what he has brought. There are so many dumbass fans here that he's glad he's gone and wanted the team to lose just so that LVG would get sacked. You know who you guys are, pure trash. Don't you think that Van Gaal would perform better if he also got the likes of Zlatan? Anyway he loved the players, the fans and the club. It's a pity but Mourinho can now finalize the team on what LVG has build.
I implied a player of Zlatan's caliber. It's because Zlatan and LVG have a history together at Ajax.
http://www.youredm.com/2016/06/08/watch-steve-aoki-stream-overwatch-live-twitch/ Coincidentally, Aoki was playing Lucio haha
Wow this is pretty amazing really. Great tactic on defense.
you do realize that you're playing a cartoon shooter right?
because their ranks will seperate them
hahahahahaha fuck off, it's the same
she doesn't need a nerf, she can be easily killed already
Just for your information, samurai's can be archers too lol
mad cause bad
bad programming obviously, they either dont have good programmers, or the engine blows that its way to difficult to program it. I think its a combination of both.
Remove a feature from FIFA. Implement it in a newer FIFA and call it a new feature. Just EA things.
it doesnt always give you the player you want, even if you do it in the right direction
I hope they stop making defenders pure retards
So you're saying God created this distortion you're talking about? Because he's all powerful and everything goes according to his plan. Or else he isn't all powerful.
Ive already known this, just a case of lazy porting and not removing the loading procedure of FIFA 15
Im not able to watch the match. Can anyone tell me how likely it is that England will end up winning the match or play a draw? Do they have a good chance to score? I put money on Wales haha, I need them to win.
lol whut? you can just call up another player
maybe by sitting in the car and close the garage door, you will just fall asleep after some bad coughing
yeah totally different level there, everyone is much better
this is so cringey
haha Im sure those kinds of people are everywhere, but generally, the level of korean players are higher, at least, in the 20 games I've played there. Their teamplay is really good (not talking about pre-made). Their general sense of teamplay and knowing what to do to get that win is much better while westeners are more content with having "fun".
They know people want it so they will add it as a new feature in FIFA 18 rather than doing it for FIFA 17. That's how EA rolls.
how will praying help his dog?
There's a starbucks at star city i think
Dictator
false hope
wasnt talking about religion, just praying
funny thing is, at the beginning you couldnt score goals from kickoff, they nerfed it because of the complaints in FIFA 15, later they "buffed" it again because they want people to buy FIFA 17 where shitty gameplay like this isnt happening. just EA things
they want you to buy FIFA 17
you always got white knights defending their favorite game no matter what. like you said, it makes perfect sense business-wise. If you had a business that could increase the need (and thus buyers) of your upcoming product, would you do it? I would. And they are doing it.
I know some basic korean and I can tell you it's correct :)
the mid CM was a CDM I think, it was Nigel de Jong and Clasie. Sometimes it was switched to 523 with only 2 midfielders so that the front consisted out of Depay, Van Persie/Huntelaar and Robben.
what is PTR? and where can I get/find it?
more like 3 CDM's then
The graphics arent that great guys, stop overhyping it.
we can't because their ideology is against ours. we aren't the problem though. Unless they adapt, we have a problem.
yeah, which means they arent really muslim, but a cherry picking muslim, like most christians are nowadays in europe.
of course its a lot better than the previous engine, but we still live in the present, and if you compare FIFA 17's graphics with other current games, it's not amazing at all. It's just normal.
reddit is full of leftist propaganda, dont fall for it lol
mmh I see, but they can train to become better. To not change the game just because of the current pro's and their limits is a bit weird
Bremain will win. The EU, the powerful people, the murder, everything is against Brexit :( dutch guy here, I hope Brexit wins but it wont happen. You cant beat powerful organisations with democracy. Democracy is dead.
Earlier a woman in line for a sandwich said if I voted brexit she would stab my puppies to death
the election is, but if you see how it's being influenced, it really isn't
"some nationalistic pride" hahahaha, how about making our own damn decisions? how about not giving millions of euros to countries and people in the EU that dont deserve receiving that money?
hahahaha are you serious? oh my god. you seriously think they wont be able to trade? how is Norway trading? How are China and India trading? How was everyone trading before the EU? You don't need to EU to trade or to make trading treaties.
yeah thats true, but if you win, then theres no sudden death.
you think countries will suddenly stop buying from the UK? you know they can just make another treaty that might be even more advantageous for the buying and selling party right? Because the EU isnt involved. And if its a treaty with an EU country, the EU would be crazy to shut off anything from the UK, they need the UK too.
hahahaha wont happen
hahahaha so mad
hahaha you're mad, that's the definition of being mad
Can someone tell me when a new PM will be decided? What are the conditions? Why can Boris Johnson become PM? I hope someone can answer me questions :)
democracy bitch, go support a dictator if you want that shit
maybe you should live in a communist country if you dont like democracy
People will riot then I think.
Thanks for the answer! But why a conservative candidate? Because Cameron was a conservative as well? Are they from the same party? And does it have to be a brexit leader?
Ohhh so Boris is a brexit supporter while being in the same party as Cameron? Really interesting.
thanks mate I really appreciate it
Yes lets all believe a random person on the internet
I never play McCree and Reaper because they seem to lame and boring for me. I can play with every other hero equally well.
yeah just 300 points for 1 weapon
pub games are getting boring, waiting for ranked is so tedious. PTR isnt helping me because its laggy as fuck
thanks mate
the golden weapon is for every skin of the hero you give the golden weapon to
your username kinda gave it away
