I'm going to show this to my guitar students. "Better practice hard or you'll be replaced by Lego robots."
I used to have insomnia - and still do some nights. These are some of the things that worked for me: * Brush teeth and change into pajamas at least an hour before going to bed. Some people learn to associate brushing teeth with waking up in the mornings, and feel more alert afterwards. * Make a quick list of things to do the next day. Make sure there's a pad and pen beside the bed. * Always have at least two alarm options - phone, watch, alarm clock etc. Some people worry about sleeping in so much that they can't sleep. * Phase in sleep. Don't shut off the TV and expect to fall asleep right away, you can't do it. Transition into quiet. TV off at least half an hour before bed. If you read, all other lights should be off. Get a reading light dimmer, and about 15 minutes go to a lower setting. Your eyes will strain a little harder and will want to close. * Give yourself some time after the lights are out to think about things. I like to think about snowboarding through powder or riding my bike through a forest. I don't think about my day, about work, about tomorrow, or anything that can get me riled up. That's my time. * I don't worry about closing my eyes. If I'm relaxed, they'll close on their own. * If I can't fall asleep I try to figure out why. Is there something I need to write down? Is there a noise I'm not used to? A light that's distracting me? Do I have to pee? Even something small, like the fact that my pajamas are twisted, will keep me up. Like I said, these things work for me. I hope they can work for you.
You can probably sleep on planes, trains and automobiles too, you bastard!
I actually think it's brilliant in a meta art sense. There's always a larger commentary being made in an art project this big, and the fact that these images were effectively stolen is part of that message. There's the whole "living in public" social media angle, the voyeurism angle, the "authentic private moment made public" angle, the copyright angle, the question of whether we own anything in the Internet age including our own image, as well the beauty of taking something transitory and almost meaningless like an Instagram post and turning into a lasting work of art. I'd really like to hear from the artist. I'd also like it if the artist, his point made, gave half the money to the original owners of the photos.
Yep. Should have replaced Jon. I have no idea who the new guys is, but John Oliver was a perfect choice.
If only America went after wall street criminals with as much vigor as they go after steroid users in baseball, refs who rig NBA games, corrupt European soccer officials, NCAA football championship designations, etc.
My Dark Souls Dream: When you complete the game the first time, you get to enter the bodies of NPCs in the game - random undead and creatures. You can't go out of a given area, but can attack other players as they come through the area. If you complete the second time, you get to come back as a lesser boss. If you complete the game a third time, you get to come back as a bigger boss. Eventually you can play as any character, earning the souls you steal and adding them to your own.
Shitty spelling aside, what is it with Americans - especially the right, but not entirely - vilifying the politicans they disagree with to such idiotic extremes. Obama is Hitler. Obama is a secret radical Muslim. Obama is coming for your guns! Obama is a socialist. Obama is bringing in Sharia law in the U.S. Obama is a traitor. Obama is a dictator. Obama is Illuminati. Obama is a lizard. Obama is the Antchrist. It's natural to dislike politicans from parties you don't support, but I can't think of any democracies where dislike amps up into such intense, polarized, unreasoning, unrepetent hatred! You don't like a politician, you vote them out. It's not some some endless battle of good vs. evil where the soul of a nation is at stake, it's a four year term at the head of a massive bureaucracy with a ridiculous number of checks and balances, followed by another four year term.
Thanks for that!
MK8 wasn't available for download yet, while MK7 and Super Mario 3D were the same price.
People can technically live anywhere if they choose, they're obviously choosing to go elsewhere. A better question would be whether families are willing to live in cramped apartments and condos that are ridiculously overpriced, while earning wages that are lower than in many other cities. The answer, according to the decline in households with children, is no. They can afford some kind of life, but it's not the life they want.
Agreed on the LPC getting killed again, although you'd think they'd have learned something by now. I would not make it a full merger, I would only make it a temporary coalition with a handful of goals - including bringing in proportional representation or ranked ballots and conditions for calling the next election.
A lot is going to happen before the next election, especially when the Liberals and NDP start savaging each other. Remember, the CPC also polled low for a while before rebounding the last time around, then they did better than expected on election night as the usual suspects turned out and the usual slackers stayed home. The NDP/Lib split vote, the result of Jack Layton's popularity, also handed the Cons about 34 seats and the majority if memory serves. As the below polls show, the Cons are still the most popular party overall, with the Libs and NDP more or less tied for second. http://www.threehundredeight.com/ These riding by riding polls suggest that the Cons will win a minority government at the least, with a lot of split votes. http://www.threehundredeight.com/p/canada.html The only thing that can stop a Harper minority - and possible majority - is to form a coalition before the election. If parties form a coalition after the election, which is an option, there are going to be a lot of unhappy people on all sides. EDIT: What I meant by "unhappy" is that a lot of people are going to consider the coalition government illegitimate - including everyone who voted CPC, and LPC/NDP diehards who won't compromise.
Always the brother who gets laser sliced into cubes.
You'll be thinking differently on the eve of the election when the CPC is sitting at over 35% and the returns start coming in. I'm not saying this should be a permanent coalition of the centre-left, but a temporary measure with one purpose - to bring in proportional representation and end this situation where less than 40% of voters are choosing our government.
At my daughter's elementary school, the boys are extremely active and the girls are driven off the field. Technically they can play, but they don't want to - the boys are assholes to each other and to the girls. There needs to be some kind of organized recreation during recess, and the field should be divided in two for boys and girls.
In my school district it's up to the teachers until Grade 8. That's what the fuck I'm talking about. It was also the case in my niece's school district which was in the GVA. Are you serious? Are you mad at everything all the time, or just when you read things on Reddit?
What's Jay-Z saying about this?
What's with that beard? It's like he's hiding something.
Seems weak and does nothing to address organized crime or raise taxes for education and health care. This is the only issue where the LPC have the lead. If legalization is inevitable, the same way gay marriage was inevitable, then stop dragging feet.
I'm not saying do it tomorrow, but have a plan to phase it in. If the election is November, then shoot for September 2016. It's not like we don't have a template - both Colorado and Washington State did it, and in less than a year.
PR win? They could have done this a few years ago when the issue came up.
We're still too far out for the polls to matter, and the Cons always make a strong comeback in the last month. Plus, their followers actually do come out to vote, while the natural constituency for the left - students, young people, immigrants, urbanites - stays home. 4 out of 10 people don't seem to give enough of a shit about anything to take an hour out of one day every four or five years.
Mexico also gives these companies massive incentives to build factories - hundreds of millions in cash (not loans), plus a favourable tax rate.
That was a protectionist move of sorts - VW is going to continue to buy parts made in Canada. I actually know a tool and die maker who makes parts for VW, so it's nice to know his job is being protected. Still, I'm sicking of Canada fighting for scraps. When you compare Canada to any of the Scandinavian countries or a juggernaut like South Korea, we don't have a lot going on when it comes to building world class manufacturing and technology companies. We seem content to sell off our resources with adding value by processing them into usable, finished products.
You're getting the Cup back. Four first overall picks in six years will see to that.
I actually hope I'm wrong, and McDavid isn't that great. I'm so pissed off at the draft - one team gets four first overall picks in six years, while Toronto has had exactly one first overall pick in the entire 52 year history of the draft - Wendel Clark. I really think they should rotate things to make it somewhat fair, or do a completely random lottery. Teams have a better chance of going from worst to first than they do of rising from the middle of the pack.
I really think that most people are naturally polarized to consider two choices at a time - this or that, in or out, on or off, do or don't. When it comes to politics, they want a simple choice - and luckily the LPC is making it simple to vote for one or the other. No nuance or equivocation, which is all the LPC seems to offer these days.
I'm more referring to things like health care, education subsidies, the social safety net for workers and seniors, etc., which all parties support to a certain degree. However, I'd suggest the NDP platform (past and the things Mulcair has said) is a little stronger on those things than the other parties.
Mulcair: I will vote against C-51 and repeal it if elected. Trudeau: I will vote for C-51 and will repeal parts of it if elected. Mulcair: I will bring in proportional representation. Trudeau: I will create a committee to discuss the possibility of changing to an alternative of first past the post. Is it any wonder the LPC is getting creamed in the polls? Do Trudeau and the LPC believe strongly in anything?
Just curious, but why would you saw Obamacare has turned into a disaster? Most of what I've read suggests that while it started out as a disaster, it's actually been quite successful - more people are insured, medical costs are rising more slowly, people aren't being denied coverage, etc. - and getting more successful as time goes on. It's not a universal or single payer health care system like every single other country in the OECD offer its citizens, but surely it's better than the past?
I'm not saying he hasn't done anything, just that he hasn't done or said anything of consequence that has had any effect on the polls. The voters want some red meat and he's giving them broccoli.
I know a lot of people that have been severely misdiagnosed over the years, one of them fatally. One person, a father of a six-month old, broke his back at work. There was no spinal cord damage, but he was going to be sidelined for about eight weeks. Then he started feeling ill, and intense back pain - more a week after the injury than immediately afterwards. He went back and was told the pain and sickness was normal, stay off his feet, blah blah. Then it started to hurt more. He went back and was told the same thing. Then he started feeling really bad, went back and guess what - his organs, injured in the same accident, were infected. They rushed him to the hospital, but it was too late - he died. If they had taken his temperature, poked and prodded around his back to find the source of the pain, taken a blood test, or considered the fact that he could have injured organs in the same accident, he'd be alive and well today. That's just one person. I know siblings that were both misdiagnosed - her with a broken vertebrae, the brother with a belly button thing that was horribly infected and could have killed him. They sent another guy I know in for surgery on a broken wrist, but luckily he decided to get a second opinion on the way to the hospital (it was feeling much better), and was told he would be fine in four weeks. This is just the tip of the iceberg - if I include my father in law's misdiagnosis (he actually picked up a parasite while travelling), my friend's mole ("it's fine" to "it's cancer" in a week), and other issues, then I know dozens of people that have been misdiagnosed or mistreated. And they wonder why people Google things...
Actually got busy when writing and thought I abandoned it...
Fictional quasi-sport - Quidditch is the dumbest game ever conceived. 150 points for catching the snitch, "the team almost always wins"? Why not have a 50-point shot in basketball, or a 30-point kick in football. JK Rowling is a great writer, but not much of a sports fan.
Given the birth rate, and especially teen birth rate, on reserves, it's fair to say that we're letting down one of our most vulnerable populations when it comes to reproductive health. Are we making it too hard to get condoms? Are we not teaching sexual health at a young enough age? Are we not making the knowledge and resources available? Are we letting religious leaders who don't believe in contraception call the shots? (For the record, the current pope is actually on record advocating for smaller families, but still won't approve of contraception.) Seems like an easy issue to fix with education and an investment in health care.
I honestly don't think our licensing program for trophy hunters takes into account other things that can impact wildlife populations - food scarcities, accidents, poaching, etc. All it takes is a bad couple of salmon runs, a few poachers and a couple of trucks at the wrong time and suddenly we go from a "healthy population" to an endangered one in a given area. I understand that these hunts do raise money for conservation, but I find that a little offensive - we really can't find money to preserve something rare and beautiful unless we allow people to hunt a few of them?
Soccer is one sport where statistics make the winners fairly easy to predict most of the time, but anything can happen - home crowds will help, and might influence a few refs as well. Whether they can upset three games in a row is left to be seen, but I'm hopeful!
Somewhere a gopher is running for his life while "I'm Alright" by Kenny Loggins blasts in the background.
Meanwhile you can't have a flat surface of brick or concrete anywhere in Canada that doesn't get tagged by young shitheels who confuse their elegant squiggles with artistry, and this guy's portrait is just sitting there, begging to be vandalized. If government won't force its removal, somebody needs to do something.
I'm more speaking in terms of cultural use of First Nations symbols and culture than an actual political change. Obviously some things are a little more difficult here - lack of treaties, the fact that there are so many different First Nations languages, etc. - but celebrating First Nations in a symbolic way will have a huge impact on the way they're viewed and view themselves on the national stage. The hakka at rugby games has nothing to do with treaties and everything to do with pride. I'd like to honour our own First Nations the same way.
And a combination payday loan, pawn shop and gun store.
His jaw is too fucked up to bite any bullets...
Don't forget strata - a lot of people are encouraging millennials to get into the condo market for their starter homes, and I don't think people realize how much strata is really going to cost. It always starts too low, and increases over time - our strata fees have doubled at my place in less than 10 years, partly because of a new law that requires us to account for depreciation of common assets. It's a good law, but now we're paying about 35% of our housing costs to strata for very little service - some snow clearing, landscaping and insurance. Edit: When I mean it starts too low, I'm talking about new projects. Typically the costs are low, but increase over time to reflect the actual costs. Whether this is a deliberate way to make the units more appealing to the first buyers, I have no idea.
In B.C., strata fees cover both maintenance costs and fixed costs. Previous to last year, you didn't have to include the full cost of depreciating assets like a roof or common space, but that's now part of the reason my fees have doubled since 2006. For a 1,400 square foot townhouse in a complex with about 90 other townhouses, we're paying about $3,500 a year in strata (just under $300/month) - that covers garbage removal, snow clearing, landscaping, electricity costs for street lighting, irrigation, and the maintenance of the grounds and common space - although we have had to pay surcharges for things like painting in the past because we didn't have enough saved up to cover those costs. That's over a full month of after tax salary for me, which is a huge chunk of money when you factor in the cost of the mortgage, ($11,000), groceries, child care, car insurance, house insurance, utilities, etc. Luckily we're a two income family, or we wouldn't be able to afford even our modest house. We haven't saved a dime for our retirement since our daughter was born, and we can't afford to go away. Even worse, our strata costs seem to be increasing every year at a rate that's well above inflation, while our wages are pretty much stagnant. It's becoming a massive burden. My advice for homeowners is to either avoid buying anywhere that has a strata, or to get involved in the strata to protect your investment and prevent other people with more money than you have from signing onto projects you don't need or want. Even then, there's little you can do - there's one company that does garbage removal in my town, we do get snow, insurance costs are increasing, the buildings are aging; it's not like strata is burning money, and they do try to get competitive bids on everything.
The problem is that the stock market, and the need to post quarterly profits, forces short-term thinking on companies that might otherwise take the long view. They need more revenues, and they need them now to keep shareholders happy - and ensure their own share holdings keep their value. However, I think an honest announcement - "the media landscape has changed drastically, and it's clear that we can't go back... this is what we're doing to move forward" - would go better than they expect, and prevent shareholders from jumping ship.
Still, Google Fiber could have started in New York, LA or Chicago where there's enough population density to justify the investment, but instead I think they chose Kansas. If they can make a go of it in smaller markets, then I imagine Toronto, Vancouver and Montreal should be relatively easy.
Attack ads are nothing new, but the idea of creating arm's length third-party organizations to raise money is new.
Hopefully Mulcair's advisors have a plan in place to keep the numbers high. July - "After studying the U.S. experience, the NDP is in favour of the regulation and legalization of marijuana, with an emphasis on harm reduction and making it harder for vulnerable teens to get. Prohibition has not worked." Instant bump in the polls. August - "If elected, one our priorities would be to create a national Pharmacare program, reducing drug costs for patients and taxpayers." Seniors and people caring for seniors will ditch the CPC and Liberal Party. September - "We will form a national working group to review our participation in various trade agreements, such as the TPP - the details of which we will make public. Trade agreements must be mutually beneficial and fair, and right now it's not a level playing field for Canada." October - "Youth unemployment is too high in this country, and wages are too low for young people starting out in life. Meanwhile the TFW program has displaced young workers from starter jobs, and needs to be greatly reduced or scrapped completely. You need experience to get a good job, and we have to start providing young high school students, university students and grads with experience, as well as access to training and funds that would encourage entrepreneurship. We will initiate an employment program that encourages the hiring of youth by private agencies, as well as other programs that employ these youth directly." Boom, elected.
And, by benefiting the wealthy, it also robs the federal government of billions in taxes, which has two outcomes - the rest of us pay more taxes to effectively subsidize a tax break for the rich, or our country slashes programs that help lower incomes while sinking further into debt. Stupid, stupid, stupid. Nobody asked for this, nobody needs it. The NDP and LPC oppose it, and hopefully will turn it into an election issue.
Shouldn't stop you from making it federal policy and trying to make a change. I think the provinces would agree on a lot of different things, including what to do about the senate, if given the chance - and as long as they don't use that opportunity to try to force through a lot of other things, and stick to the issues.
Pharmacare is being discussed as a cost-saving method. We'd still pay for drugs like we do now, just get a larger bulk discount. Hospitals and health authorities would pay less for what they're already using, and end users like myself would pay less as well. There's no downside, other than the concept of provincial exceptionalism, and the possibility that provinces would want more control over the program - and they don't, most provinces are looking for savings right about now.
A lot has happened since 2012, including the realization that the auto manufacturing industry will basically be dead here in a few decades. Our auto parts manufacturers are doing well and should survive, but the industry is dying - and NAFTA is part of the problem. http://www.cbc.ca/news/business/carmakers-say-adios-to-canada-as-mexico-shifts-into-higher-gear-1.3108148
Yup. And there are no sanctions, for some reason, so we don't really have much of a choice.
Some birds hop, others waddle, others walk and run keeping their heads still, but pigeons are crazy head bobbers. I assume there's a good reason for it, but I can't imagine how they evolved that way.
No, they're not the only birds that bob, but there are lots of other ways that birds get around on their feet that seem more efficient.
Reddit answers are more entertaining. And besides, there seems to be a few different theories floating around. Sometimes on askreddit you get an answer that is better than anything else out there.
It's not just labour, although they have a massive population willing to do just about anything, China keeps its dollar artificially low, environmental standards are almost non-existent, and they probably don't have the safety or quality inspection regime of North American or European processors.
It's hard to get over, but wow is it liberating when you let all of that go and try to love everybody. I'm not religious even a little bit, but that was a Jesus moment for me.
Mine was. http://imgur.com/YV1YbBQ I actually don't have a baby photo on my new laptop, found this one from around 11 months. I know my own take is subjective, but all kinds of people would take her picture from day one, and every nurse in the hospital came by to see her and hold her while my wife recuperated from her C Section - and I was told that was something that never happens.
Anybody else out there see this a positive? I live in a tourist town, and we're busy - very busy. Oil is a boom and bust industry that's unsustainable at the end of the day, while tourism is generally more steady and more sustainable (if we could offset jet fuel and rubber tire traffic) - and it was left to rot under the Harper government. A door closes, a window opens. The oil patch and its investors/workers are suffering, but tourism is up, the market for other Canadian resources should be increasing right about now, and manufacturing is poised to stage a comeback. Plus, Canadians will spend more money at home. Something like 85% of the U.S. economy is domestic. Not sure where Canada is, but it wouldn't kill us to rely a little less on imports and buy more goods produced here.
Values. Biden and Sanders share a lot of opinions on the working class and the same vision for America. Just watch his speeches from the last time he ran in 2008.
It takes time, but when oil was $150 a barrel, there was an upsurge in Canadian manufacturing because the cost of transporting goods from China leveled the field for us for a little while. I don't know if anything like that will happen again, but a few experts expect that it will. Don't forget we already have a value-added industry in Canada that processes timber into boards, pulp, veneer, etc., raw ore into usable minerals, oil into plastics, plastics into autoparts, etc. that has survived decades of globalization. Now the products made by those companies are discounted 30%. Some manufacturing is already picking up.
Adam Driver's acting was first-rate. The way he presented his internal conflict, and lack of confidence in his powers, was amazing. Darth Vader was scary because you had no idea what he was thinking or feeling, but when Kylo Ren's mask is off he's a hot mess. You almost feel sorry for him. As to why he took the mask off earlier, the scene where he tries to draw out Rey's memories works way better with a face.
A small but important step in the right direction. I'd like to see Canada become an R&amp;D powerhouse, leveraging our excellent schools, and managing patents and innovation for a net benefit. The return on investment is huge.
I guess the man-made earthquakes aren't helping the natural gas industry either.
I started buying organic a few years ago, mostly because of the delivery option from Spuds. The prices are higher, but what I discovered was that we now throw next to nothing out. When you pay $2.50 for a cucumber it's no big deal if it rots, but when it's $5 you eat the whole thing. You meal plan and you eat everything, throwing out next to nothing. Something like 40% of food winds up in the composter or dumpster, but in my house it's probably less than 10%. In other words, higher food prices don't have to be a disaster for anyone, just keep to a plan, don't impulse shop, and eat what's in your fridge. Source: http://www.theglobeandmail.com/life/the-hot-button/how-much-in-food-do-canadians-waste-a-year-think-billions/article4580509/
At the risk of being hunted down and murdered, I'd have to add policemen and firefighters. Aside from a few tragedies like 9/11 these are generally safe jobs compared to commercial fisherman, highrise construction, long-haul truckers, anyone in forestry, etc. You probably have a greater chance of being injured on the job as a nurse. Heroism is what you do, not the job you pick - unless it's something like Doctors without Borders. Why does this matter? Because in my town there are something like 18 full-time firefighters, and 15 of the them are making over $100K a year. I don't know what police make, their salaries aren't disclosed, but I've heard it's more than that. Meanwhile, we have about four house fires a year and about one car accident every month. We've had one murder in 40 years. If you look at deaths on the job in my area, almost all are in forestry, with a few electrical workers and professional drivers on the list.
$2.50 is a low winter price where I live for a generic, hothouse cucumber. The organic versions are $4 to $5.
It shouldn't be, we're far too trusting. A few case workers and investigators watching wire transfers and making random calls would probably uncover a lot of these scams. I hope anybody who used these services is on a flight home soon. There are lots of immigrants and refugees far more deserving of Canadian citizenship. In my view, if you cheated to get here, you're probably going to cheat once you're here.
I live in a mountain resort town. Our prices are probably double what they are about 40 minutes down the highway. Still, $2.50 is easily what people in Vancouver pay when they shop at places like Whole Foods.
I've had a six year wage freeze in the private sector (former newspaper reporter followed by two years at the same wage in the private sector) and my experience is obviously different than yours - I know very few private sector workers that have seen much in the way of increases, including cost of living adjustments. Where I live, the average wage is just over $40,000. Everybody working full-time for our municipality is making over $50,000, not including benefits. Your potential to earn more is higher in the private sector, given that's where all the entrepreneurs and highest paid professions are - including doctors who bill government for services - but for most people it's low paying, zero security jobs with terrible benefits. http://globalnews.ca/news/1359634/reality-check-comparing-ontarios-public-and-private-sectors/ http://www.ctvnews.ca/canada/the-public-sector-advantage-better-pay-pensions-and-job-security-1.1225327 http://www.ctvnews.ca/canada/private-sector-workers-earn-less-work-more-report-1.2292650 http://www.cfib-fcei.ca/english/article/6069-government-wages.html http://www.macleans.ca/economy/business/the-new-upper-class/ There are some reasons for the disparity, like a smaller wage gap between men and women, but overall the public sector pays very well.
Inflated ego? Check Overblown financial credentials? Check Complete lack of empathy? Check Doesn't think before he speaks? Check He could use a few ex-wives and a bad toupee, but otherwise O'Leary passes the Trump test.
Any members of the party can theoretically run, and go through the vetting process.
Harper was at least somewhat capable of nuance, and changed his mind about things once in a while. Trump and O'Leary don't have it in them to see another side to any issue.
I think the better plan is the Canadian one that would involve refining the oil here and selling processed gasoline in Canada, the U.S. and overseas. China would still be a customer, but in the event of a nautical disaster - which is a virtual certainty over time - gasoline is far safer for the environment and easier to clean up.
Because of the value of the dollar? You'd really move to a country with 64 million people, essentially twice Canada's population, jammed into an area two thirds the size of British Columbia?
I approve. Now bring back gym teachers. When I was in elementary, we had a full-time gym teacher in the school, we had a uniform to wear, and we had gym five days a week. Now? My daughter has gym twice a week with her regular teacher (e.g. not a trained gym teacher), and the kids wear whatever clothes/shoes they have with them that day. You can blame video games and TV for childhood obesity, but the schools need to be healthier as well - and research shows that active kids will be better at retaining all that coding knowledge.
He hates this can! Seriously, what's going on here.
At least we get the aftermath - ref banned, etc. etc.
The U.S. will sign, Sanders will, unfortunately, not be president. And once the U.S. is part of the treaty, they will do what they did under NAFTA and sue/screw Canada at every turn.
Trudeau's position is that we may not have a choice - if we're not in the TPP then it stands to reason that the other countries will trade more with each other and Canada will miss out on any of the benefits of those open markets. We lose if we join, we lose if we abstain. And if TPP doesn't happen at all, China will continue to benefit from the uneven playing field they've created, and we all will lose eventually. In that light, TPP could be a good thing if it were written by governments for the betterment of the people instead of by corporations for the betterment of themselves.
I hope I'm wrong, but overall polling is stronger for Clinton outside of the primary states and in the end the winning candidate is the one with the most national delegates at the convention. You can win the early primaries in Iowa and New Hampshire and still lose.
You could make the programs revenue neutral and ensure that every cent goes where it's intended rather than government coffers.
GST isn't regressive, it's entirely based on consumption - the more you spend, the more you pay. If anything it's progressive.
That's actually just your opinion on what qualifies as regressive, what we're arguing has been argued about the GST many times with no definitive answer - opinions among experts vary. In my opinion, which I am entitled to despite your clever phrasing and deft use of the dictionary, GST is progressive because high earners do tend to pay more of it while lower income people tend to get a GST rebate cheque in the mail and an income tax exemption of $11,327. With the exception of the super rich, the higher your income, the more you tend to spend, the more GST you pay. You shop in more expensive stores, you buy more expensive things, you eat out more at nicer restaurants, and you pay taxes on everything. In my case, probably 80% of our transactions are exempt.
The buck has to stop somewhere. I've had a few dealings with Microsoft lately, and it's been completely underwhelming. Nothing works, nobody seems to know how to fix it, and nobody seems to be in charge or responsible for anything. I once swore I'd never go back to Apple, but this is the last generation of Microsoft hardware/software that I will ever own.
The Bank of Canada could have done a few things in the past five years to curtail our growing household debt, but instead made the problem worse by doing nothing. Every quarter there would be rumours of an increase, but it never happened - and the benefits of keeping the rate low also never materialized. Meanwhile, people made real life decisions based on the fact that they thought that rates were increasing at some point - like locking down mortgages at higher rates than they would be paying for variable. My wife and I did that for half of our mortgage (we split it), a decision that cost us about $8,000 in interest over the past four years.
Raise rates? There was a bit of an economic boom after 2010 that lasted until the oil crash, and nobody would have batted an eye or been bankrupted if rates went up to 2% or higher during that time. After the 2001 crash, interest rates fluctuated between 3% and 4% and the housing market didn't crash, or the bankruptcy rate explode.
Please don't pretend that economic experts and business journalists - people who do know what they're talking about - are united in their support for the Bank of Canada, there have been lots of criticisms about the lack of action and the impact that low rates have had on housing prices and debt.
No doubt there was some corporate largesse going on, but judging from reports out of the oil patch a lot of the oil money was reinvested in pipelines, plants and the expansion of operations and capacity. A huge number of laid off workers were working in construction.
Are you looking for a definitive definition of high income? Where I live the median is just over $40,000, and $50,000/year would be considered high. In Vancouver, the median is higher but the cost of living is higher as well - someone considered "high income" based on wages may actually be struggling to make ends meet. Rather than trying to focus on a one-size-fits-all income for your thesis, I'd recommend looking at three or four different markets across Canada - Toronto, Vancouver, Montreal and Halifax if you want to focus on cities, or pick four regions to capture rural communities as well.
We need a word for things that approach a Gilliamesque level of awesome. Gilliastic. Gilliacular. Progilliar. Gilliesque.
Interference could be called, but usually refs will wait for actual physical contact or an attempt to block out a player. This looks so casual that I doubt the ref noticed - and if they noticed I doubt they would call it because it happens all the time. It's up to the defenceman to control their stick and not get taken out of the play by a street hockey trick every seven year old tries to get away with.
It's hard to create carnage when you're driving at a third of the legal limit, enjoying the branches of the trees overhead.
Decriminalization is NOT the answer, it doesn't create taxes, regulate the industry and distribution, curtail organized crime, or lead to any of the real benefits of legalization - it just saves courts and the police time and money.
Squeaky wheel, no disrespect intended. Breast cancer outraises colon cancer 10 to 1 because of the people involved and their ability to organize. Men tend to think of suffering as our duty, and honestly probably never joined the dots between all of the fatalities and disappearances because they weren't organized.
Are you saying volunteer, or do you mean paid on call? There's a difference, and if those volunteers are paid to train and when called out on jobs, then it's a job and workplace standards should absolutely apply. As for the dying part, firefighting is an incredibly safe job in Canada. Aside from 9/11, and a few catastrophes involving forest fires (and those are usually not residential firefighters), it's a safer career than dozens of jobs. Commercial fishing operations, highrise construction, forestry, mining, professional driving, rail, agriculture, etc. are at a far higher risk. http://www.theglobeandmail.com/life/the-hot-button/and-the-top-10-most-dangerous-jobs-are/article16352517/
The root causes are the same no question, but the inquiry will look at far more than that - the resources women have to escape addiction, abusive relationships and prostitution for example, and the way prostitutes are treated by police. These are things that are important but don't have a natural male equivalent. An inquiry for men could look at things like gangs, drug programs, the prison and correction system, rehabilitation, etc.
The idea of filling out a form in this day and age is ridiculous. Put everything online and automate - only people who have changes to make or things to add outside of regular employment should have to file anything.
If there's a lesson here, it's to tell all the land developers out there to start building up and leave our farmland alone - food security, and maintaining the ability to grow our own food even if the economics don't work for the current generation of farmers, is a more important long-term goal.
I figured that since every drop in value of the Loonie and tidbit of negative economic news gets posted here we should also acknowledge the rallies.
That's no skate, that's Jabba the Hut on a toboggan.
I would say they've been completely consistent - the LPC was always leaning towards yes on the TPP, but agreed during the campaign to make the contents transparent and to review the details.
Isn't Xanax famous for triggering psychotic episodes and suicidal thoughts in some people? There's no way anybody on this drug should be allowed to own a firearm. Read the side effects: http://www.drugs.com/xanax.html
Moral judgements and anti-nuclear proliferation. The world, and especially Israel, really didn't want the Supreme Council of the Cultural Revolution to have the bomb.
Thanks for saying that, nothing on this thread talked about the ref - who might have a concussion of his own after that, he barely got his hands out.
You should see rugby's concussion protocol these days - if a player is hit in the head or is slow getting up, the ref sends them to an impartial doc who makes an assessment. If the doc is concerned, they're taken off the field immediately for a more detailed examination. Sometimes the player is allowed to return, sometimes they're removed from the game. The important thing is the coaches have nothing to do with it, or only partly qualified team trainers under pressure to keep the players in the game.
Wideman said he didn't see the ref and couldn't avoid him, not that he wasn't seeing clearly after the hit: http://www.sportsnet.ca/hockey/nhl/dennis-wideman-on-linesman-hit-i-couldnt-avoid-it/ The thing is, he could have absolutely avoided him, and he definitely shoves/crosschecks the ref to the ice - and then skates off. When you accidentally bump into a ref you try to catch him, and you apologize after. I think he was pissed off and overreacted. There might be some head injury involved, but he kept playing and didn't say it - even though it was probably the only excuse to save him from a suspension.
http://www.sportsnet.ca/hockey/nhl/dennis-wideman-on-linesman-hit-i-couldnt-avoid-it/ If it was an accident then he would have tried to catch the ref and then apologized after - he had lots of time to miss the ref, and definitely makes a pushing/cross-checking motion. I think he was pissed off after the hit - and maybe concussed a little - and he wanted to go the bench but the ref was in his way.
They'll be in the NHL soon too, once the lawsuits start popping up. Still, hockey isn't as bad as football - you're not expected to go head-to-head with someone every play, and you don't get the repetitive head injuries that are the real danger for players. A few rule changes, and stiffer penalties for activities that can cause concussions, and the NHL could be relatively safe.
Which is why he shouldn't have said it was an accident - the video is pretty damning. He clearly saw the ref, turned to face him, and made a rough pushing/cross-sticking motion, knocked the ref down and then skated to the bench like nothing happened, without checking to see if the ref - still lying on the ice - was okay. If it was an accident he would have tried to catch the ref and then apologized right away. People are going to say he was concussed, and while that's a possibility why would he say it was an accident later? My theory? He was angry. He was angry the refs missed the call on the late hit, he was skating back to the bench and the ref was in his way. He lashed out - probably not thinking clearly because of the earlier hit.
It was intentional, the only question is whether he knew what he was doing - he turned his body to face the ref, he made a checking/pushing movement, he skated off afterward like nothing happened. If it was an accident he wouldn't have pushed, he would have tried to catch the ref, and he would have apologized immediately - and made sure the ref was okay before skating to the bench.
It's the definition of what is capricious and arbitrary that concerns me. Does banning a fuel additive that's unnecessary and has been linked to cancer qualify? Is keeping stumpage fees low to encourage investment and create more value added benefits for the community and region capricious? Will paying more for drugs benefit us in the long run? Why wouldn't we protect Canadian resources and manufacturers if that's in our best interest? Tariffs can be adjusted to reflect the status quo, and served us well in the past, while the jury is still out on whether any of the free trade agreements we've signed have helped us at all - yes, there's been growth, but there would have been growth anyway. We're growing. Our biggest trading partner is growing. Only now we have a trade deficit that's growing as well. The TPP doesn't even cover China, which doesn't seem to recognize or respect patent or copyright laws.
I was wondering - never seen those knobs before, wondered if they were custom.
Raise the minimum wage first and see what impact that has on poverty. Raise welfare slightly and bring in voucher/pay card programs so low income families can pay rent, heat and for food for their families. Improve training and services to help their kids and get the adults back to work. Treat addiction as a medical issue. Bring back asylums for people with mental health issues that are not going to get better, and cost the system a fortune. Then bring back gym teachers, five day-a-week gym classes, the Canada Fitness Program, and health education and see what impact that has on health costs. While we're at it, bring in more helmet laws, stricter driving instruction standards, enhanced workplace safety regulations and Pharmacare, and give grown ups tax breaks for sports and fitness participation, and see what impact those things have on health costs. I'm against mincome. I think people will abuse it and find ways to live off of it with no plans to join the workforce - shared living spaces, having larger families, moving back in with parents, etc. I have a tenant who is 26, worked for four months, was laid off after claiming an injury (sore ankle), and just collected 12 months of EI. The state paid for his rehab and insoles. He didn't try to apply for jobs - and there are lots of jobs where I live - until the EI ran out, and was happy to get a part-time, two-day-a-week job that is probably the easiest gig I've ever heard of - front desk at a spa. He could work more, he does some DJ work on the side and he gets lots of calls, but he doesn't really want to, and he now owes me - a guy with two jobs - over a month in back rent. He would LOVE mincome. EDIT: And here come the downvotes. Why? Do you have a good reason for supporting mincome, or is it because you secretly want to quit your job and hang out? I'm not saying don't downvote me, just tell me why - and be honest.
They haven't had this in B.C. for a while, and to me it's a bit of a problem - kids aren't particularly good at explaining how they're feeling, whether anything hurts, how much it hurts, etc. They'll run themselves into the ground, even if it makes them dizzy or their hearts are beating far too fast. Annual checkups were a way to objectively measure a child's health. I'm not saying "do it for everyone" but at least until kids are seven and have the language to explain what they're feeling.
Here we go again... "Referendum!" "Mandate!" "Only 40%!" "70% with NDP and Bloc...!" "Argle!" "Bargle!" Let's just chill out and see what the committee comes up with before we lose our shit. If the NDP had won, we'd be doing the same thing. Parties representing almost 70% of voters campaigned on electoral reform. Let's just accept that the majority of Canadians want to see some kind of change, and see where this goes.
Because of fee-for-service billing, you can't even get a doctor to listen to two ailments during one appointment - you have to make another appointment and come back.
Somehow this will make an appearance at his wedding, poster-size.
I think most people understand that it's only really a democracy at election time, and that the ruling party calls the shots. Still, it doesn't hurt to wait and see - the LPC may surprise us and pick an option that appeals to the NDP and Bloc as well.
It was the move from CBC that did it for me. I wonder how many people cut their cable packages after that, unwilling to shell out for the added sports bundle?
A little off the deep-end I think - every kid does this once. I'd definitely punish her for a few weeks, ground her or whatever works for you, and then let her know that if she does anything like this again it's going to be the whole summer.
That's not the way to look at it. 75% agree they want change (in this poll anyway) they just can't agree, yet, what alternative would be best. To suggest that 25% wins because it's bigger than 23% - when most of those in the 19% or 14% would probably support the 23% system over FPTP - is the whole reason people want to ditch FPTP in the first place. A good referendum question might be, "Do you support changing Canada's first past the post system for proportional representation or ranked ballots?" In that case, 75% would fill in the "Yes" box. The follow up question would be what kind of system they would prefer. That's fair because 25% won't get to decide for everybody. A third question might be, "If your preference for voting is not selected, do you still want to change the electoral system?" No votes from the third question could be added to the tally from the first question.
The problem is your supposition that people would only be happy with their choice and no other, when that's clearly not the case. Most people see shades of grey when it comes to preferences - my first choice is strawberry, my second choice is vanilla, my third choice is pralines and cream. That's all people are asking for when it comes to voting. For FPTP supporters, it would be more logical to walk into the ice cream store, ask for strawberry, find out it's gone, and then walk back out, happy, without getting their second or third choice.
Plus, you can get high as shit off of it. Colors seem brighter, shitty apartments seem less shitty, and snack foods taste even better.
How to cool the market? How about a temporary moratorium on foreign ownership while we study the implications and draft whatever legislation is required to level the playing field. It should also be noted that immigration is also a problem, in particular wealthy immigrants that will live here but make money overseas where it can't be taxed. Maybe we need a moratorium on immigration, or at least cut the numbers back, until we've solved our urban housing crisis and figured out what a livable Canada should look like.
I can't wait for sports journalists to wrap their heads around rugby, there's so much more that Jen could have been asked and would have taught Canadians something about the sport. Missed opportunity.
Balance would be okay, but we're not looking for balance we're looking for growth. Canadians are having small families on purpose - women are focused on careers, couples are getting married later, the cost of raising a child is high, people starting families these days are living in smaller homes with less disposable income, and so on. Religious and cultural traditions that promote large families are also dying - large families have become a sign of poverty, like on First Nations reserves, and not wealth. Then there's the fact that most people share the opinion that the world is overpopulated, and can see that overpopulation is linked to every major environmental and social crisis that we're facing. Some people have real concerns about the future, and whether there will even be opportunities for their children. Plus, there's a livability factor - people have to commute further and longer, parks and beaches are more crowded, and so on. The more people that live in a city, the worse it functions. It's the same in every western country - you reach a certain level of prosperity and enlightenment, and the need to have huge families evaporates. The reason we can't just accept that, and try to keep increasing our population through immigration - not stabilizing it, mind you, but increasing it - is that our economy and whole industries depend on this endless growth. Nobody has figured out how to grow an economy with a stable or declining population. Even our social services are not self funding unless we continually increasing the number of people paying in at the bottom. Near me there was a fire chief who retired at age 55 who will make more than $3 million in pension payments if he reaches the age of 85, which is more than he earned in his entire 28-year career, and probably 10-20 times more than he actually paid into the system. We can't afford that unless we add more and more taxpayers at the bottom.
At least he rationalized later and realized it was a mistake. Some people will never reach that level of self awareness.
She's got a point. I have to go to Dallas every summer for work, and while it's not as hot as Arizona it's still ridiculously hot. I don't hate the heat as much as I do the excessive air conditioning - 68 degrees everywhere you go, so you're actually freezing most of the time. What is with southerners and air conditioning? Why not 71 or 72? Why make it jacket weather indoors?
The highest birth rates in Canada are in the territories, where large numbers of people are more or less dependent on government and a few industries. The highest birth rates in Canada are on reserves.
Most volunteer firefighters are actually "paid-on-call" - they get paid when they're working. And I'm not denying they do a good job, nobody is - and I have no problem with how well they are paid compared to other professions. But $100,000 a year pension is ridiculous for someone who retires at age 55 - especially when they've probably paid less than $250,000 of their own money into that fund. The next fire chief they hired was 46. In nine years he will also retire, probably also earning $100,000 a year in pension. And so on. The next thing you know, you're on the hook for hundreds of thousands of dollars a year in taxpayer money for one position, and there are dozens of other admin positions that are also going to get a chunk of their pension covered by the property tax bill. It's happening everywhere, with the result that municipalities are being forced to raise taxes on people who can't afford it, to build more to increase the tax base, to cut programs, to cut staff, etc. Or, like Toronto, they go into debt. It's not sustainable. Or fair. Firefighters have a job that can be dangerous at times, but it's not the most dangerous profession - it's not even in the top 10. But long haul truckers, commercial fishermen, miners, hydro workers, high-rise construction workers, etc. aren't considered heroes by default, and won't retire with $100K a year. I think $50K or even $60K is fair - you can live off that. $100K puts this former fire chief in the top 5% of all income earners in Canada.
Some of that water vapour should also return to the lake as rain, no idea how much though.
The LPC committed to presenting electoral reform legislation in 18 months. They've been in power for six. The committee will have a full year to meet, to talk to experts, to poll the population and come up with a set of recommendations. And if they're a few months late, who cares? There's no rush. Trudeau will be in power for at least another 42 months.
Fire chiefs make $140K a year not $50K - I said I don't have a problem with what they earn, just that there's no reason to pay somebody a pension of $100K a year. Pensions are becoming a massive liability for local governments. As for the paid-on-call thing, it's pretty much everywhere in B.C. - Squamish, Whistler, Pemberton, Kelowna, etc. - that has a volunteer force. I don't know about the rest of Canada, but I've heard from a firefighter in Edmonton and Winnipeg that it's the same, and I know it happens in Ontario as well.
Yikes. A lot of people I know from university grew up wealthy and it's always the same story - expensive private schools ($35K a year), paid university ($20K) a year, and then after that NOTHING. More than a few of them have said they wished they went to public school and could have had that money after they graduated to start a business, buy a house, etc.
I guess it depends where you live. I had a friend who lived in the beaches and it was street parties once a week.
I'd say the lending rates are a bigger factor, financing big projects costs next to nothing. One thing that big builders have is predictability - they probably bought six months worth of fuel when prices were at their lowest, and would pay a lower commercial rate than we pay at the pumps.
I haven't heard that - is it confirmed that Scotiabank, CIBC, TD-CT, and BoM are doing this?
I wonder if it's still better to bank with RBC - I know they're evil, but at least they have branches and probably 1,000 more people working IT vs. how many for Tangerine? How many Canadian jobs would be lost if everybody took their money out of RBC, vs. how many would be created if everybody went to Tangerine? Maybe credit unions are the way to go, they employ more people than an online bank.
If the fire gets into the attic, which is shared space, the fire will spread very quickly. Building code upgrades try to contain fires to individual rooms/units.
Probably just used condoms backing up the sewage system, a byproduct of all that Ashley Madison infidelity business...
It's still a slippery slope, in my opinion. I'm still waiting to see what the committee comes up with before taking a side, but if the LPC, NDP, GP and Bloc are behind it, then they represent a plurality of Canadians. Who knows? Maybe the public will love it too, and opinion polls show strong enough support that a referendum becomes redundant.
Yup. Even Harper could read opinion polls, and made a lot of changes as a result.
That would look fabulous beside my limited edition Star Trek coins.
A lot of them do blame the west and colonial powers like France for the problems back home - war, high unemployment, different tribes and sects being forced to live together by arbitrarily set borders. They probably have some idealized vision that their home countries would be a paradise if we didn't muck it up for them.
Texada Time Warp?
It's laced with meth...
They've being saying this for years, but what does it mean? Chinese and Hong Kong foreign investors have a lot of money at this moment, and they are desperate to get it out of the country before the central government cracks down. It's not only a matter of investing that money - and laundering it - it's also a matter of survival. They are planning to leave China and want a soft landing, and have decided that Canada is a the best place to go if everything goes south. Banks and the Bank of Canada can say prices are unsustainable, but what does that mean when houses continue to be snapped up at prices well above the going rate? House prices may stabilize and they may even go down a little, but the demand from foreign buyers is going to remain strong for years.
Apparently they do something like this for cancer as well, some forms of leukemia for kids. One friend's child had three bouts of leukemia before the doctors took the option of changing his blood type completely. So far, so good although I think the kid had to spend almost a year in quarantine until his new immune system kicked in.
Which describes a huge number of boomers who have actually saved very little for retirement.
The answer for Vancouver and Toronto is the same thing that worked for Whistler - create an alternative housing market by leveraging the power of zoning. In Whistler, there's an entire employee/resident housing market with rentals and for-purchase homes, townhomes, apartments, etc. To qualify, you have to live and work in the resort, and prequalify for a mortgage covering that amount. You also have to sign a covenant that gives away some of the rights you would normally have. The for-purchase units do appreciate in value, but only as much as inflation. While Vancouver jumps up 14% or whatever, Whistler homes appreciated a more sensible 2%, ensuring a reasonable rate of return for sellers - and incentive to reinvest in the home - while ensuring the properties are still affordable for the next person. The rental units are rent controlled, with rates tied to the cost of repaying construction costs. If you no longer work in the resort or purchase another market house, you have to sell your restricted property to the next person on the list - holding onto it is not an option under the covenant you agree to. You're also not eligible to buy in if it's not your primary residence. The best part? Developers love it. Most of these restricted units were built in exchange for rezoning parcels of land. Image a parcel of land that's 10 acres but is only zoned for one home: the developer will apply to subdivide that land into smaller market lots, and will happily agree to setting aside a number of those lots to build restricted housing - and can even profit by selling it for a little above construction costs. Everybody wins - Whistler has space for employees, locals can afford to buy homes, and developers get the zoning they need to profit from their land investment. More importantly, those developers are typically local and employ local tradesmen and women who can also now afford to live in the resort. Some of the side benefits include great local neighbourhoods for young families, high-density housing that's more cost-effective to serve, and more dependable year-round business for village businesses.
I know what you mean, but our townhouse was $289K when it was built in 2001, $328K when resold to us in 2006 (it was higher than inflation because of upgrades), and now it's worth about $376K in 2016, according to my property assessment. That's a reasonable return in my mind. If we banked $328K at 1.5% interest for eight years, it would only be worth about $369K, so we're doing a little better than a GIC. Don't forget, we're also not paying rent and have paid off about $118,000 of our investment. We're actually paying less than market rental rates to build that home equity, which is starting to grow faster with accelerated payments. And houses are not the only place to grow wealth. We also have mutual funds and TFSAs, and are looking at other investment vehicles.
Where the fuck were all the other white shirts on that play? Always chase! I've seen failed penalty kicks turn into tries a few times because of a little pressure.
It's brutal in hindsight, but refusing to pay was absolutely the right call. There are millions of Canadians travelling and living abroad at any given time - including a lot of people who only hold Canadian passports as an insurance policy (something we shouldn't have allowed because of the expectations we'll come to their rescue) - and paying this ransom would have endangered all of them. We couldn't save Robert Hall, but we can help the Philippine military avenge him.
It's actually gratifying that people are sticking with the hate crime angle rather than trying to paint this as an act of terrorism - this guy may have given credit to ISIS before doing this horrible thing, but he doesn't seem to have any actual affiliation with any organized terror groups. Why elevate this piece of trash to "noble" jihadi fighter status and give ISIS a "win"? This is the real threat the west is facing, mentally ill and angry homegrown terrorists with easy access to guns. Fighting it will require better relationships with Muslim communities and religious leaders, and ensuring anyone who pops up on the radar as potentially dangerous (like this guy did) is forbidden to keep or purchase weapons. The things you say should matter as much as the things you do when making these determinations.
They turned Rocky into Drago! Seriously though, people are awesome. I hope this kid goes far.
Yup. They need to update/redo Movie Maker, create a native DAW like GarageBand, update Paint, and then go out and create a bunch of killer apps for Windows Phone before it dies completely. Xbox One is also losing this generation to PS4, they need to come out with something amazing, and fast, to get back the top spot in that market. And where is my Surface Phone? Or a Microsoft VR set that can compete with the HTC Vive? LinkedIn is decent for what it does, but it exists on its own and there's no advantage to actually owning it. It seems that all Microsoft cares about is business when they make acquisitions, but their CRM solution kind of sucks. Meanwhile most of their profits these days are probably coming from commercial operations. I'd rather they bought Slack.
Sorry to tag onto this, but it's also worth mentioning that 120mph into a brick wall is about the same as two vehicles going 60mph colliding head on. There are some variables, including the shape, height, center of gravity, and trajectory of the vehicles, but it's still an amazing amount of force. In other words, slow down and keep your car on your side of the line. There are 30,000 vehicle deaths a year in the U.S. (over 80 a day) and god knows how many injuries, and probably 99% of them are preventable.
We've all driven 97 km/h. If you hit another vehicle head on that was also going 97 km/h, it's pretty much the same thing as hitting a wall at 193 km/h.
Definitely not Canadian. There was a joke about it on Brooklyn 99.
Making fun of stereotypes - even generic stereotypes about men, women and children - is comedy. People laugh because they're shocked or surprised by what they see or hear, not because they're racist, misogynist, homophobic, or bigoted and agree. People need to chill out.
Agreed, but he also doesn't fit the definition of terrorist - he didn't train with a terror group, he wasn't part of a cell, he received no support or orders from anyone in ISIS, and ISIS had no idea he existed. To call him a terrorist is to suggest that he was something other than an angry nutjob with a gun, that he was fighting for something other than pure hatred, that he should be remembered as a soldier of sorts, and that ISIS is bigger and scarier than they really are. Don't give ISIS, Hezbollah, al Qaeda, etc. the win on this, in my opinion, because they had nothing to do with it.
It's the pit bull thing, but with guns. Violent antisocial assholes gravitate to mean dogs, and the way they see it there's nothing meaner than a pit bull. The same people probably feel the same way about the AR-15 - the fact that it's a lethal-looking military weapon used in mass shootings only makes them want it more.
I remember reading that the street value of a handgun in Canada is over $5,000 and something like an AR-15 runs about $12,000. Criminals can still get them to shoot other criminals, but the price is a sign of their rarity, and the fact that our gun laws are working. Plus, criminals mainly shoot other criminals - the main goal is to keep these weapons out of the hands of the criminally ill, and impulse killers.
Reddit is for sharing opinions, that was mine. Why make it personal?
No, it's an attack on the mentality of some dangerous people when choosing pets and weapons. I don't think all pit bull owners are bad people, but it seems to be a trend that bad people tend to choose pit bulls. It's a fact that certain guns are considered cooler or more deadly than others, and the demand for them has nothing to do with the specs or features of that weapon. If people buy AR-15s because it's the best rifle out there to fight gophers, fine, but my position is that the way this weapon looks and acts, combined with its notoriety, has more do to with its current popularity than it's technical specs or utility. I was attempting to answer the original post in this thread which mentioned the popularity of these guns.
I'm with you. Nationalize the backbone, use the proceeds to make it faster, and limit what third parties can charge to deliver Internet as part of a package of services. I'd rather not bring in U.S. telecoms - the Canadian companies may not be great, but at least they employ Canadians, back Canadian charities, sponsor Canadian properties and events, etc. I'm not a huge fan of Bell, but I'm friends with a few Olympic athletes who they've supported over the years.
People change. And kids change everything. I know some amazing couples that had kids and went from best friends to worst enemies in a couple of years. They're tired, they disagree over everything to do with their kids, they resent the burden they have and any freedom the other partner might have that they don't, and things just explode. I have a theory about this. When you're a couple, you fight, you argue, you make up, you have make up sex, and you're a closer, more understanding couple afterwards. When you have kids, you're not allowed to fight anymore - there's no arguing so there's no resolution, there's no making up so there's no make up sex, everybody goes to bed angry - the number one thing you should never do according to old married couples - things fester, resentment builds, filters drop, the sniping starts, you forget why you're together in the first place, and then you drift apart. It sucks, I went through all this with my wife but we're working on it. I get upset easily and forgive quickly, she gets upset gradually and forgives slowly. But we don't go to bed angry any more and always try to resolve things so we both agree.
A lot of criminally ill people have no record of violence before they go off - like the Greyhound Bus guy. There are police background checks and licence requirements out the yingyang, but there's no psychological testing I know of that gun owners are required to take. And while impulse killers probably won't be able to buy a gun at the last minute, they may already own one. Remember Justin Bourque? He was an authorized and licensed gun owner who had a psychotic break one day and killed five people.
Are you denying that violent assholes are attracted to violent things? Just because those things are the same things you like doesn't make it not true. You're right, I will never understand. I don't get guns, much less why people are so passionate about them. I understand needing them sometimes - a lot of people where I live hunt to feed their families - but for most of those people a gun is just a tool that puts meat on tables: something to be locked away 11.5 months a year. Justin Bourque was a licensed gun owner. I'm not saying that everyone who loves guns is a potential Justin Bourque, just that the licensing system - while a million times better than what they have in the U.S. - isn't perfect. And as long as mentally unstable and angry people have access to guns, illegal and legal, these mass murders are always going to happen.
Rumor has it that Quebec is getting an existing franchise that's in trouble vs. an expansion team. I hope it's true.
Exactly this. Anybody can rip out drywall and inspect for mold. You may need to go a floor below - if you can - to try and spot the extent of the water damage in the subfloor. If there's no way to see what's under your floor from above or below, you'll have to rip out a section of the wood subfloor. Keep the piece you pull up - you can bring it with you to a lumber store and pay them to cut a piece the exact same size. If there's mold, treat it. If there's rot, replace it - maybe using professional help. If there's damp, then rent a couple of industrial fans and dry it out. Look for water around electrical fixtures - you may need to call in an electrician to fix if it got into a light fixture or plug, but probably not if a few wires got damp. Replacing drywall sucks, but it's actually not rocket science. You screw the pieces into places, tape the seams, mud over, sand and then prime. There are lots of videos on YouTube that can help you with this. The plumbing fix should be $500. Doing the rest of it yourself - depending on how much wood and drywall needs to be replaced - could be another $2,000. Your time, assuming you think you're worth $25 an hour, is probably another $1,000.
Still can't come fast enough for my friend, he's a superfan of this guy.
Just went through something similar myself - upstairs washing machine leaked into the walls, between floors, through fixtures, etc. We haven't finished all the repairs yet, but honestly the most expensive part will be replacing damaged carpet - the drywall and flooring were relatively cheap, and we rented three high-power fans for a week and blasted them into the walls and ceiling. OP won't have to do that. The only professional help required for our place was checking the electrical system to ensure everything was okay and retexturing the ceiling where we had to remove a piece to look inside. Also, six months earlier our shower pipes leaked, which required the removal of more drywall and hiring a plumber to replace the leaking sections.
I still have my PS One and Pro Skater 1 and 2. Among my most prized possessions!
I think I found Jimmy Carr's account...
Only if these events are ticketed, and I'd like to see the main show work like a telethon - we can't forget why this tour is happening. A lot of great cancer research is being done in Canada, and the money raised could make a real difference in finding a cure or treatments for untreatable strains of the disease.
Telethon is probably the wrong word. I think something classy "Text *5998 to donate $5 to cancer research" could pop up every so often.
I think people are placing their trust in governments, and assume they're looking out for our best interests - and in a way they are. The TPP sucks, but being left out of the TPP while the other partners trade amongst themselves puts us at the mercy of the U.S. and China and may suck even more. We're damned if we do, and damned if we don't. I'm for scrapping all trade agreements and starting over with a new framework that values the environment, standard of living, worker's rights and homegrown industries first, ahead of easing the barriers and red tape that impede trade.
What you've just said is the problem - people will read that paragraph, as accurate as it is, and not really understand what you're saying or what the problem is. It all sounds tinfoil hat, "the sky is falling", even if it's true. We need TPP opponents to speak to people at their level and explain, using actual examples, why it's bad and what might happen to various businesses and industries if trade protections disappear.
It's StubHub for real estate. Consumer protections are at an all-time low in Canada.
Was that Glitterbomb guy sued into oblivion?
That might make sense if all the people earning money off the company were based in Canada, but foreign investors - and Canadians using tax shelters presumably - won't pay any taxes on dividends and the sale of shares. Corporations also make money by using tax-financed public resources - people educated and cared for by Canada, lands and waterways maintained by Canada, infrastructure created and maintained by Canada, etc. - and owe a part of their profits to the systems created by the nation. If you didn't tax corporations, wealthy people would incorporate themselves to avoid paying. It's also worth pointing out that corporations are slow to reinvest, and are sitting on piles of money that could be used to grow those businesses and put people to work. By taxing those companies - and 15% is modest - we put that money to work for them, ensuring that more people have money to purchase their goods and services. Most corporations also negotiate land and water use privileges and licensing with provincial governments, which means the federal government doesn't benefit from those investments. There are also legacy costs to corporations that must be considered, and that taxpayers assume if the corporation disappears. And while corporations exist, there are regulatory costs as well. I know there are some economic schools that don't like corporate taxes, but there are other schools of thought that see things differently. Economists disagree on a lot.
This is about right. The list of Canadians without a job includes students, both senior high school and university, retired people, wives and husbands in couples where only one household member works, people living off investments and trusts, the severely disabled, and so on. The labour participation rate in most first world countries is pretty similar.
The concert tour itself is a fundraiser, though. While they would probably have toured to promote their new album, this tour is special because it's their last.
Not everybody wants to live in Manhattan though. If you were fortunate enough to be able to afford a single family home in Vancouver you'd fight to keep high rises going up next door and blocking out your sunshine. It's a way of life that they don't want to change just to make way for more people that the city, honestly, doesn't have opportunities for. Nobody really predicted that Vancouver would be in such demand, or that Toronto would become the fourth largest city in North America, or that the population of Canada would break 30 million, and then 35 million. We haven't prepared for the growth that's taking place, and - here's the reality - most people don't want it or think we need it. I grew up in T.O., and the population explosion is making that city unlivable. You can't get to places or into places, and all of the public parks and venues - beaches, the Island, the museum, and so on, have lines that go forever. I've tried three times to take my daughter up the CN Tower on visits, but every time we've given up because the wait is an hour and a half. Traffic is insane around the clock, and the three hours it used to take to get out of the city on a weekend is now five. Other than real estate developers, there's no real upside.
And according to the article, it's been used on pets for a long time with no issues. I say kudos for saving energy and space.
Foreign investment PLUS the influx of mostly wealthy immigrants. Our immigration system, not counting the programs where people could essentially buy citizenship, is inherently classist, favouring people with money, education, good health, access to lawyers and representation, and so on - all traits of the wealthy and well-to-do.
New York and San Francisco beg to differ...
Foreign buyers and wealthy immigrants have resources Canadians can't match. They're paying cash for homes, not mortgaging.
If you're looking for a tropical vacation in Canada, it is possible - the shore of Lake Huron, around the Bruce Peninsula is amazing with incredible beaches and nice water. There are also a lot of places to go on Lake Erie if you don't mind the longish drive towards Windsor.
In my mind this isn't about getting people to pay anything, it's about making people afraid to pirate any more content - whatever reasons they feel justify their actions. And it's probably extremely effective.
I'm skeptical whether taxes will be enough to solve the problem - these people have a lot of money, they're very motivated, and the taxes would have to be insanely high to get them to bat an eye. Most will just look for another country like Canada or the U.S.
You can't.
I'm the opposite. George RR Martin is a hell of a writer, and that's why this series is so popular in all of its forms - and why I've actually avoided the HBO series. I saw the first season, and nothing looked like it was described or I pictured it in my head. I will wait out the novels before I even think of watching the shows.
I did try the shows - the first season.
Really? Others hunting rangers in the woods? Brandon being chucked out a window because incest? Joffre beheading Ned? The north rising up under Rob Stark? War? Jon Snow on the Wall? The Dothraki, the fall of Viserys and rise of Daenerys? Tyrion's trial by battle? Dragons, skinchangers, Others, green dreamers and so on? I wonder, what do you consider a good book?
You're right, they did follow the rules and we created a system that's wide open to exploitation. Nobody envisioned a time when millions of millionaires around the world - not just China - would be funneling their money out of their country to set up shop here. Now that we're in that situation we need to address it, the good and the bad.
