Maybe it is correct?
Roland was the coolest dude on the planet....
Gaige is one of the two most OP characters in the game. Who the hell told you that she wasn't great solo? My gods she has a 8 ft floating mech to work with.
The game came out almost 7 years ago and you still haven't finished it. Probably even bought a used copy of the GOTY edition. I seriously doubt you are the demographic that they are aiming at....
Doesn't dance. Wouldn't buy.
Isn't over simplification cute?
So black people are just burned white people?
Jenny is putting things in her cooter.
Wait....you've seen the movie 100+ times and think that Ruby Rhod is Chris Rock? You are the most unobservant person I have ever met.
I don't know. You're the one that whipped out the racist card. Do you think you are a racist?
There is actually a name for this: [Megatsunami](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Megatsunami)
Hey kids you wanna see some sweet pics that have been reposted on here at least a couple dozen times before? FTFY
Duke Nukem
I will never understand the need to post or read these posts. Basically it comes down to, "Look, I bought things"
Okay, how about I wish death on the owners that have taken this poor retarded creature and done everything they can to milk her deformities for their own profit?
I wander why?
Corgis rule. Other dogs drool.
Guess you never heard of the red ring of death.
Child learns nothing from this.
I'd love to use Brick to punch everyone off the moon.
Not seeing a big market for this unless it can be configured for gaming
Wasn't that sort of a given?
They had a problem running Fallout 3 on the PS3. Why would anyone think they were going to deal with the memory issues they had with that game for FO4?
They had enough problems getting FO3 working on the PS3? WTF would anyone think that FO4 is going to be on it?
Dude it isn't your fault. Just blame /r/pcmasterrace
The problem isn't how much RAM it had, it is how it was broken down. Both the Xbox 360 and PS3 have 512MB of RAM, but where Xbox 360 just has a huge chunk of it for everything, the PS3 split it 50/50 between Graphics and Processing. Where they fell short is that they should have probably put more in the Processing and less in the Graphics. More like a modern computer. This split is why in the later stages of the cycle of the PS3 the Graphics were actually better than the Xbox 360 because in house designers like Naughty Dog showed people how to maximize the the Graphics RAM. Meanwhile Bethesda didn't care about that, they just tried to shoe-horn the game into the remaining 256MB of Processing RAM and caused all of the problems.
Great. The Flash just effed up your pizza.
It never ceases to amaze me the amount of stupidity in these posts. 'Too' much air? Really? Actually it is mostly pure nitrogen. Also, if the nitrogen wasn't in there the chips would break and get crushed in transit. So I would say that while it does have nitrogen it it, it isn't 'too' much for the task required.
You're an idiot.
Don't even try. This is another one of those facts that the reddit circle jerk just can't understand.
No it doesn't. Chips are sold by weight, not volume. More chips equal more weight so more cost. Unless the packaging becomes a problem, greater volume doesn't increase cost.
The argument is that the stunt was about if there is 'too' much 'air' in the bags. Everyone agrees that there is a gas in the bags, nitrogen, but to say that it is 'too' much is just stupid. First, chips are sold by weight, not volume. So the added air means nothing to the cost. Second, if you didn't have the nitrogen in there, then the chips would be broken and crushed in transit. That is why crisps like Pringles have to be made out of potato mash and then shaped to so they stack in transit. Finally, it isn't 'air', it's nitrogen. The nitrogen is there to keep freshness which means they don't have to put more preservative into the chips. So stating that there is 'too much air' in the bags just means that you are too stupid/lazy to actually know why something is done the way it is done.
So basically you're saying that Koreans are too stupid to check to make sure they are buying by weight and not volume.
That isn't what I asked there skippy. Just look at a bag and tell me.
Labyrinth did it better.
Damn you are a fucking moron. One simple question and you turn it into an argument. Sorry if my original question was asking for a little education about how food is actually sold in your backassward country. Remember, you caused this by. I just wanted to learn something about your culture. Fuckwad.
Don't. Buy. The. Product. Or are you such little children that your country has to hold your hand all the time.
Yea, this from a fucking idiot that can't even follow one simple request to help another person understand the issue. Just wants to sit there and whine like some punk. "Oh please daddy government. Protect me. I am just a simple farmer and can't be expected to take care of myself." whine whine whine.
Go ahead. Lay your head down. Knowing that you don't need to think because your government is looking out for all of your pathetic little needs.
Yea like assholes like you don't label an entire country of 400 million all the shit you label us. Please go fuck yourself.
No healthcare. You fucking idiot.
I thought it was way past your bed time. You know so you can get up and go to your WoW gold farming job.
tl;dr: Past your bed time child.
Seek help.
This is the stupidest shit on the planet.
Look at this skippy: http://www.target.com/p/the-witcher-3-wild-hunt-playstation-4/-/A-15177872#prodSlot=medium_1_1&amp;term=witcher+3 Not only did I get to wait until they patched the one thing that was going to annoy the hell out of me but I can now buy it for $18 off.
Corgis rule and other dogs drool.
It never ceases to amaze me the amount of stupidity that surrounds what people 'believe' they know about this breed.
I can't count out Abbrederis because I saw him play in college and he just has this way about him that makes me think he is going to be great in the pros.
The real question is: Is he willing to take a pay cut so that the Ravens will keep him, since we all know that he was WAY over paid on his last contract?
Not at all. The first corgi was just a genetic mutation that surprisingly bred true. If you look up corgi and other breed mixes almost all of them have the corgis dwarfism showing that it is actually a dominate trait. So no there hasn't been any more selective breeding with corgis than say a golden retriever or german shepard.
Are you a complete idiot? Selective breeding is a unique or rare desirable trait in a species and then breeding them with only other ones with that trait to keep it. While it is true that selective breeding in say animals like pugs and turkeys is a complete shame, but corgis aren't selectively breed. They are just bred. The dwarfism isn't unique any specific dog it is a trait of the breed as a whole. Not using a corgi for their speed and short stature is the same as not using a dog for finding drugs or bombs. Are you saying we shouldn't do that? As for munchkins, they were not really selectively bred. A munchkin cat was born and sired more. Now after that there might have been selective breeding, I don't know, but this is a fairly resent breed that just in the last couple of years was recognized as a true breed and think they are still debating that. Corgis happened 400+ years ago that we know of. There wasn't a lot of selective breeding in the highlands of Wales at the time.
Also as a couple of people noted below, a really bad meat cleaver. I guess the metal in the saw blade isn't very good for making cleavers with.
How it talking the truth, bad?
See, I was thinking you were only talking about Super Bowls, because I didn't think you were stupid enough to not know that Antonio has been in 11 playoff games over his career. http://www.pro-football-reference.com/players/C/CromAn20/gamelog/#stats_playoffs P.S. Your Seahawks have only made the playoff only 14 times. They have won 27 games.
That is from 2 years ago, obviously talking about the 2012 season.
R&amp;C is a Sony exclusive and always will be.
No you don't because you are a fucking bot.
Graphic doesn't make any sense. If two fingers up is for 2 in the front, how is a fist for 5 in the rear? Should just be an open hand.
Currently on the roster. Besides there is already a statue to him outside the stadium.
That is awesome.
1. Duke Nukem 2. Duke Nukem 3. Duke Nukem
Just ignore this asshat. Look at his post history. The guy has a huge hardon for heavy people to the point of assholeness that I have never seen before.
A - Did you see the name of the poster? B - It is common knowledge that havok_bot is a bot that just pulls from tumblr and posts on here. For some reason the MODs allow it on here.
Can't even watch the whole .gif. Riding that would just make me throw up in the slide.
I heard they taste kinda salty.
Really? You haven't watched enough food porn.
"Unlike Activision, Bethesda hasn't once sold themselves out for exclusivity rights".....You never heard of Fallout 3?
Not bad for something that is only 40% done.
American to Canadian exchange rates...
Yes!
Baxter! How many times do I have to tell you that I don't speak Spanish?
Who said he is? He is still the lead actor on one of the hottest movies of this year and also last year. He can basically demand any price he wants on his next film that he isn't already contracted for.
You do realize that they learned from the RDJ contract for Iron Man and most of the new contracts after that were for multiple movies. Chris is already contracted for the next 2 Guardians movies. I'm talking about anything outside of that.
Flavor of the month? Okay skippy. Let's just forget that he was in Guardians and the Lego Movie last year. Is already signed up for the Magnificent Seven reboot. The ceiling is pretty damn high for him right now. Outside of say Channing Tatum you have to say that he is one of top young lead actors out there right now.
&gt; that he isn't already contracted for [i.e. Guardians 2] I guess you missed this part of my post.
A - Have you seen box offices for [Tom Cruise](http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0000129/?ref_=fn_al_nm_1), [Brad Pitt](http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0000093/?ref_=nv_sr_1) and [Sandra Bullock](http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0000113/?ref_=nv_sr_1) movies lately? They aren't drawing like they use too. B - Again, he has been in 3 of the biggest movies of the last 2 years. Even if he isn't a draw yet in your mind, he sure as hell a draw in the mind of people that make movies. Once you are attached to movies that make almost a billion dollars, your scale goes up. Most of those names you put up there didn't start making money until they were attached to a big box office hit or won an Oscar. He has had 3 in just his first 5 movies where he is a main or major character. He is going to be getting $20M+ per movie after this current contracts are up.
Knew I should have looked the quote up first. Still. Chill the fuck out.
That dude had some serious psychological problems.
1. Shoot all the things. 2. Open all the things you can't shoot. 3. Duck when your shield is down.
Lefty freak.
Dream on. There isn't going to be another Borderlands. Gearbox already made all the money on the planet and want to make sure that other game companies get a chance at the pie.
Damn shit weasels!
Wasn't this for Zero Dark Thirty?
They are all females.
The one thing that I see that really stands out is that this is the 10th time this season that the producer has dropped the ball. I don't have time to go back through this season of Tabletop to see where they made mistake, but I'm pretty sure that Wil has already eaten a lot of crow on Youtube for these mistakes. At some point, you just have to stop beating yourself up and tell the people what is really going on. Was it a little unprofessional? Maybe, but then again, we don't know the whole story and it looks like he is also explaining why the producer won't be back if they do a 4th season.
Then how the hell do you know you didn't like the New one if you didn't see it?
Little late for that.
Pryor's problem wasn't really accuracy. It was that he can't read defenses to save his life.
&gt; The original was all I watched. ????
Well at least you can still milk him for some BS karma from some anonymous assholes off of the interwebs.
PS3 already has PS1 compatibility. The problem with PS2 and PS3 is that the PS3 cell processor can't run PS2 games. So they have to basically shoe-horn in a PS2 into the PS3 to get it to run those disks. They did that originally but decided that the cost wasn't worth it since they were more than an Xbox 360. So they removed it.
Come on, we all know that the only reason why Microsoft did this is to try and keep up with Sony. They know that they are majorly behind in market share and doing what they can to keep up. If the race was closer, then they would be doing something like Play Now because they were pushing streaming content even before Sony bought out the company that became Play Now.
Yes
How can you imagine? You are a fucking BOT!
How are you going to say? You are a fucking BOT!
Why isn't this in /r/WTF?
Please no!!!! I like having all the threads be about how someone just bought or is thinking of buying a PS3 and wants to know what good games there are on it.
&gt; Unless they fixed it Hence the reason why I started my post with this. I'm not sure. I haven't had to time to play in amount month now.
Let's see. I was only 8 mths old for the first one, but 1996 was awesome. All the years of watching them be so freaking bad and finally be able to put it all together. It was amazing. 2010 was also great because it was cool to watch Aaron and the guys show that they weren't just Brett. That they were a complete team.
The fact that college coaches can screw over they college to pad their resume and then run to the NFL like nothing happened.
But NFC North rolls off the tongue better than NFC Midwest. Also the North helps define the cold weather nature of those teams.
Wow. That looks like something I have been looking for. A good 4x board game, but man that looks like a lot of effort for set up, play, and breakdown.
I would expect that kind of answer from a Mario Cart fanboy. We can actually have a discussion about the Wii U line up one of these days when they actually start getting some real AAA titles on that console.
Duke Nukem
Please cite the law for me because there has been a number of examples on here where civilian ships have used nuclear power. Also, most cruise ships aren't 'based' out of the USA. They are registered to other countries.
I'm saying the amount was probably, Lots.
Cards Against Humanity
Go
Looks like one of relationships in college.
GTFO?? Seriously. I am having a harder and harder time justifying this game to my friends.
I've got it downloaded also. I have to just play it already and make a choice.
He's dead, Jim.
Nope. Never played. Just was panned so hard when it came out I thought it would be funny for this purpose.
1. Shoot all the things. 2. Open all the things you can't shoot. 3. Duck when you your shield pops.
I really hope he stays healthy. He was a great guy for the team and community here in Columbus. I would like to see him have a long productive NFL career.
Stay classy Cleveland.
I saw a stat on here the other day saying that Wilson is pressured on more plays than any other QB last year. I'm really curious if that is going to increase or decrease with Graham. My gut says increase, so now it is all about if Wilson can adjust to it.
I think he prefers jelly.
Way to go out on a limb there.
Nick Fury was black in the comics first..... Edit: Who the fuck down votes someone for stating a fact?
Strip poker
But in an interview with the creator he never dreamed they would A - make a movie with Nick Fury in it. And B - Think they could actually get SLJ to play said Nick Fury. He just thought he wanted to update the character and who is the baddest ass out there. Samual "Mother Fucking" L Jackson. Don't forget that the change was made way back in 2001. Long before Iron Man the Movie came out in 2008. Marvel was barely treading water at this point. They weren't really thinking about movies yet.
It's okay if you litter in the city. But don't litter in the country. Way to go out on a limb there OP
I've got Red Zone, so I watched them all.
Lighten up, Francis.
The problem with the article is that it is based on such a small defined sub set of card and board games, Traditional games like Old Maid and Chess. What it may be true that those types of games are waning, what isn't true is that in the broader sense card and board games are having a hay day. Also, his assertion is that the cause of the wane in Traditional games is due to computers isn't backed by anything but his opinion. It's a typical crap opinion piece through together because of one statistic, 73% of adults played games when they were kids and only 44% of kids play them now. Since the research was done by a Traditional Card/Board gaming company, I say the research is flawed also. Why would they ask about thing like Pokemon, MtG, Munchkin, Castle Alert, or any of the other dozen or so card and board games out there designed for kids? Also, most of the people on here are complaining that the article is full of opinion with no facts. Seems to me that they all got it pretty much right on the head.
Of course death itself isn't evil. Everything dies. The main goddess of Death is neutral after all. It's Undeath that is typically Evil.
Who the fuck is up voting this shit?
You're not that old. I use to work for Dish 5 years ago and delt with that on a daily basis.
Who?
/r/wasted anyone
[You need to be pretty friendly with the Railroad](/spoiler)
The Book of Bunny Suicides did it better.
They are too expensive.
It's amazing how that bit is confused. Ernie wasn't being a smart ass, but just a lovable clueless doof.
Okay....I think anyone that played Fo3 knows that synths are mentioned in that game. In fact one of the major plots was about a synth.
Halfling??? Have you seen the Mouser Archetype for the Swashbuckler? Makes for a unique take on a front line fighter.
Yea, there are a couple of different ways to go with it. I've been thinking of a way to use the halfling Helpful trait and use Aid Other to increase the rest of the groups AC or To Hit. One way I have seen people build one is to take Butterfly's Sting with a high Crit ratio weapon and then hand out your crits, since you won't be doing a lot of damage with your small weapons. I don't know. Can't find the right mix for me yet.
They have already stated that the PSVR has a separate box that connects to the PS4 that does all the step up processing. So, yea, it is a very real add on to the PS4.
Never wanted to shoot 3 people and a robot in the face more.
But maybe the next one he works on....fingers crossed.
Whether or not a class ability stacks would be defined by the class itself. You can't just arbitrarily say it stacks or not. They might actually come out with a archetype or prestige class that won't stack say Sneak Attack. You need to check the wording.
And you shot her with this???
I stopped trying to figure out the sheeples on reddit.
Alright Skippy. If that is what you need to not slit your wrists, I'll let you be the cool winner here. Have a good day.
And yet another reason not to watch.
What is a bombings cognatogen?
"Sword fight" in the locker room afterwards.
I know what a cognatogen is. I've just never heard of a bomber cognatogen. BTW there is a huge difference between a mutagen and a cognatogen. With a cognatogen, when the duration is over then you take ability damage to to penalized physical stat. That doesn't happen with mutagen.
I hope he wins so that you idiots have to find some other dead horse to beat.
I didn't get a chance to watch the game. Did he drop another TD?
This is awesome because my wife is a nurse and got called in late this weekend to work on an eye surgery. The next day I was asking her how it went and she causally mentioned, "Oh and it was with Lebron". What I didn't know was she meant Dr. Lebron. Was a little excited there.
I don't have to trick my wife. She saw the red ban trailer last week and can't wait for it.
Dragons age is definitely worth it
I heard he ran into a door....
I think it is interesting that people seem to think that if you complain about a game, then you HATE IT! That just isn't true most of the time. You can still love a game but wish it was better. Nothing is perfect.
With Aaron, all things are possible.
I didn't think it was all that bad
Second year in a row th e season ends with me wanting to throw up.
Where the hell is the Merkava?
Yeaaaaaa...that didn't happen
Actually it was a prank. The other delegates got together and convinced them it was "Dress up in your local garb day" and then no one else did it.
My choice. They are the ones that didn't want my money. Fuck them.
No they are not. They have four sides at the base so they would be unbalanced 1d5
Lighten up, Francis.
Screw that. Give me an A-10 Warthog. Armored plane with a huge gun on the front.
This is a joke...right?
The only way I would allow this would be if the unknown card was revealed at the trade. Otherwise it is going against the rules.
Has nothing to do with the field, it has everything to do with the hotel and entertainment spots in Green Bay. If Charlotte can't handle a SB, there is no way GB can.
Sweet. US Nationals in my home town!
Trophy? What are trophies and why do they have anything to do with me enjoying a game?
It's because they are good eating.
Go the archer route for the paladin and they are very combat effective.
/r/wasted
I tried the peyote up there and it turned me into a bird.
Hilarious. My 6 mo old daughter has been on that food for about a month how and I have been saving those trying to find a use for them. I already have a couple of Planos, but still great minds think a like.
You should use the stained ones for Scum :)
Unfortunately, it didn't get awkward. This is a good example of the weak story line in Fo4. Here we have a anti-synth fanatic and she doesn't actually say anything when there is an obvious synth standing right next to her. I was pretty disappointed when I saw this after my play through.
&gt;Helldivers And yes, that game is awesome!
Do you Google, bro?
I've always loved that scene
I'm pretty sure that most of Canada is closer to Illinois then most of the USA.
Don't forget the drop bears.
Yea, but hitting their arms when they are next to 2-3 other mutants is FUN!
Another thing to put on my Zombie Survival list.
Mythbusters did it better like 9 years ago.
I'd say Hold Person. First you hit them with the dagger, they are paralyzed, then coup de grace. One dead person. Edit: Actually this idea is so cool, I'm thinking of using it as a focal point for an assassin character.
I know that. I'm thinking more of an assassin. So surprise round, assassin attacks from shadows and paralyzes opponent. Next round, with a high DEX and probably Improved Init, they go before the their foe so does the coup de grace. I'm not saying it is a every day kind of build, but definitely a very nasty NPC. I'm thinking of a level 3 Death Shaman/lvl 5 Ninja. With a say a +1 spell storing Scythe.
Even if they beat it, they have to make the the spell save. Like I said, I'm not saying it is perfect, but is an interesting combo. As for casting it myself, and then attacking. No. I want to do damage the same round I am casting the hold person. Especially if I am attacking from surprise and get my Sneak Attack. If I just cast it myself, then there is no additional damage. Yea, Hold Person ~~is a touch attack~~ automatic, but pretty much flat foot is going to take care of much of the problems of hitting at all. Hell if you are so worried about them making the save on the Hold Person, then why even cast the spell in the first place. Oh my gods...he might save. There is no reason for me to even try....
but I don't want to make a Transmutation Specialist. I found a cool idea for a character, and that is what I want to make. Not everything has to be min-maxed out. Sorry if in my minds eye I see a scary little death fetish freak jumping out of the shadows with a scythe to take down their prey. Not only do they do a ton of damage on the surprise round but probably get them for the Hold Person. Then next round they calmly line up the soon to be dead person and cut them in half.
So tell me skippy, you've cast your Hold Person from cover [because I can't imagine you casting it in close range and run the risk of an AoO], how do you get over to your target for the full round coup de grace? By putting it on the scythe, I can charge to get into range, attack to do damage, and still get the spell off. That is a lot of economy of actions.
Again, why do you think you can build the perfect character? Everything is chance in this game. Yea, my NPC might miss. Yea, my the target might make the save. Yea, they may roll a higher Init than my NPC. But that is why we play the game. Nothing is perfect. Personally I think it is a cool character design. Sorry if you only play characters that always hit....always go first...always make their saving throws...always win. No offense but characters like that suck.
/u/RedBlimp....are you off your meds again?
The sad part is that you really haven't blown up two issues with my build. 1 - Scythe is a martial weapon. Neither class gives me access to this weapon. 2 - It is very stat heavy. I need STR for the hit. I need WIS for the DC on the Hold Person save, and I need DEX for the high Init. But I was just sorta of throwing this idea together, I hadn't had time to really flesh it out.
You seem to be doing a lot of whining about support in Europe. I wasn't bitching at all. I was just pointing out the fallacy in your logic.
I have not effing clue what you were doing? I can't tell if you are saying my build sucks. I can't tell if you are saying Hold Person sucks. I can't tell anywhere you are going with this because you are all over the place. Just coming up with one illogical comment after another. In the end, I'm done. I have a cool idea that I will probably spring on my PCs. The only thing you have really done is given me an excuse to waste my time at work and since now I am home, I don't need that any more. Have a good day.
I will never understand why assholes like you do this
Here you go. Free modules on the Paizo website http://paizo.com/pathfinder/modules/freeRPGDay
That is worth a couple of bucks.
