Is there any mention of time travel in the by laws?
Eh, between mls and MLB, I chose the third option; football break. Then again, we got Copa America to look forward to. Paulinho might some how (magically) improve? Also, Lamela is in the squad, so he's bound to absorb some Messi/di Maria magic from playing with em.
So what are we trying to get out of all this? World Cups not in Qatar, or do we include Russia as well? I guess, that's what the winning candidate will be asking.
Not bad blood, just blood between Suarez' teeth. We're still cool.
Bout that time eh chaps?
So what does this hold for Andros?
Eh, I give him "great servant". Not " legend", but he at least deserves the former title for the sheer fact that over the last 3 seasons, he's been our best CB. Despite the craziness that was AVB-Tim-Poch, he carved out a spot on the starting 11 and is basically written in pen next to Lloris on the team sheet.
If you go to the FL studios forums or look up any of the old interviews on EDM/DJ mags, you see the name came from him finding a dead mouse in his PC tower. If anything, the head is a rip-off of Daft Punks signature "spin music with LEDs in front of your face" helmets. I think that became more pronounced in the current iteration of his mask. Before it was just a red mau5 head. I guess since he is no longer opening (more likely to spin at night) he decided that more LEDs were needed to make him stand out in the dark. Then again, its all a rip off from the whole EDM subculture. When was the last time you went to a rave and didn't see some wierdo without some shiny lights coming from them?
Yes. I'd be treating the lads out to the clubs after games, buying bottles 'round the table, and taking care of all legal fees involved with prostitution scandals that came after said clubbing. Because I can afford it. If I were not a billionaire, I would not be taking care of 5th division player's kits. Even if I were a millionaire, I'd still be looking for a good paying job... have you seen inflation rates lately?
Filter out all the love/hate comments about GRRM, this is by far the best comment. :)...:(
Really bummed me out. I prefer the GRRM version better than the HBO but viewership numbers seem to disagree with me.
Can't tell if he/she is an awesome new novelty account or an adult/teen crying out for help.
Meow see here boy, that is not that kinda sound we would be using in a chase.
If they did offer 50, would we take it? Hard to say if the funds would be of help after watching last season's debacle...
Seeing little kids hide behind their parents when I approach. Not because I like fear in kids hearts or something. I just feel like I'm still a kid, and I can recall being shy at that young age. So its interesting to be on the receiving end of it, reminds me how fast time flies.
Not sure why you are being downvoted. Apparently, asking tough questions is now a no-no here.
What? Episode please.
Something something Jenny just kissing.
Jesus. That would be the eighth striker in their roster. It's like the strategy has changed to "buy every player".
I'm not even sure why Maggy was portrayed by a young woman. In the books she is likened to the Queen of Thorns. So to cast a young woman makes me think the actress slept with someone to get a couple of scenes with lines.
[Dog vocabulary.](https://youtu.be/5Jq06Ga71TM) I haven't laughed so hard in 10 seconds.
&gt;Rich are more risk averse than economics give them credit for, preferring to save or keep wealth in place, rather than continuing to make aggressive use of the whole 'make your wealth create more wealth'. Kinda, sorta. Thanks to Reagan (while we're on the subject of trickle down), tax laws have been written so that it's less costly to make wealth from capital gains in terms of what you pay in taxes. Hence all the crap about Romney paying only 30% of his income on taxes. Had he gone the "make your wealth" route, he would have paid a higher tax rate. Granted, income inequality has gone up but this isn't because the rich are simply being more productive. Instead, they just invest their money (or have someone do it for them) since its cheaper when the IRS comes around. As far as the critique on globalization; its hard not to argue that the world as a whole is better off when free trade takes place. The issues comes when deciding if the losers from globalization deserve to be the losers of this regime. To your local district representative, of course not. How dare those countries take "American jobs?" To the 3rd world country seeing its economy take off due to the comparative advantage of cheaper labor, its a great thing. Just look at what its doing in South America.
I'd argue we would be most attractive to young signings. With a coach that prefers youth over experience, I could see how we would be more attractive than Liverpool.
Looks like a less attacking Walker with the crossing abilities of Dier.
Ah, fighting with the Pope. One of my favorite activities in the total war: medieval series
Where is Inter getting the money from?
He was injured for a vast part. And, regardless if he had a bad season by his standards, we looked a lot better with him in the team rather than Dier or Chiriches.
For fucks sake, it was voted by the players.
Dem policies are actually at odd with a majority of the Latino vote. Latinos tend to value Christian and family values, they are pro-business anti-big government (except for Argentina and Chile) as we were all fucked by social list policies, and we can see the merit of gun ownership (if you ever lived in Latin America, you know the necessity of having protection). The only problem is that Republicans (or a large part of their base, it seems) are calling Latinos subhuman, and that just doesn't sell to the masses. Maybe once the baby boomers die out, we'll see a more diverse GOP that can bring in Latino voters. That's how the democrats got the black vote, after all.
Try telling HK or CB that they are starting EVERY game from end of august to early may and see how they take it.
ITT: Peruvians
Cut off access to all air, and you've got a handy suicide bag!
We've brought down their "park the tank" policy before, we can do it again.
We have a rivalry, they've been underperforming while we've been surprising. And we both play dirty as fuck. It should be a good game!!!
Boo this man.
Man, the day we can watch sports on Netflix is the day i cancel my cable service.
From German Messi to playing in the MLS. Ouchies.
Aaaand there goes my respect for him.
I see where your coming from, and I agree. However, once Netflix or other online providers firmly monopolize the market, I only see sports leagues selling broadcasting rights to one of these vendors. Just look at how much money the premier league is getting by offering their games online over at NBC.
&gt;Why not just tune out Indeed, why don't you tune it out?
It's the circlejerk going on in /r/soccer and /r/coys. We have a lot of Chelsea going on.
Because your getting agitated about something you yourself acknowledge could be ignored.
In the U.S., most euro games are before noon, way before I start drinking.
None of those cover my only sport, football.
You have to have your head lodged up pretty far up your own ass to claim he is a successful businessman. The son of a self made wealth magnate, he has managed to bankrupt every venture he has started. You can tell how bad things got for him when he was willing to take on any Joe off the street to make them his apprentice. Calling him a successful businessman is like calling Kim Kardashian a talented actress.
Not as I recall. His agent made some remarks how Pep wanted to sell Alves, Pique, Villa, and Fabregas because they were not up to his standard. Villa was just for sporting reasons, but the rest he had an issue with their attitude. The especially shocking part was that apparently he was disappointed with Fabregas as a person. So he told Rosell his plans but Rosell refused because of possible fan backlash. So Pep quit. Makes you wonder, considering what we've accomplished and the people who've left.
Careful with how you approach the healing. There was that one guy who found a safe with an explosive booby trap. Obviously, he managed to open it without ending up in the news.
Like fucking 18 wheeler's. It's funny because I have to think that not even the directors knew how to drive manual.
As an alternative: Every Man United game this season * said every none-Man U fan
In this thread, people who probably don't drive in the DMV area.
Right? Does this story take place in the 70s? Not that the brother isn't a douche, but I can't imagine finding a decent pair of shoes for the office for less than $200.
Go genocidal on their people. Eventually, they will get there.
Everyone is screaming their lungs out. Meanwhile, we have Alli just giving that dorky smile and waving like a simpleton. I love it.
Wow, did you miss the point, entirely...
Obviously, that's been Man U's problem. You guys are not football'ing it enough.
If you want to be rich and famous, being an author has got to be one of the hardest ways to get there. Besides, it wasn't well until after his last book that he started getting famous. Unless your implying that this ten year hiatus coincides with the rise of GoT on purpose.
Only ever heard that one song. Clubbing in the U.K. must a different scene than East Coast U.S.
I've always wanted to wage a campaign of nothing but guerrilla fighting. Shame, now I know it's not a viable option :(
Sarcasm, right? The last line threw me off.
Though, you have to wonder. With a government that tells you it's going to stop spying on its citizens only to continue doing so, you have wonder what the alternative to revolt is. Not saying THESE guys are right. But in general, never discredit the efficiency of organizing armed forced.
We did it! We won the league. Shows over. See you guys next year.
Put me down for mid March.
I too have some Alibaba stock. I sold some of holdings after the first time they froze the market. Never a good idea to be in bed, financially, with a government that doesn't understand capitalism.
What? Barcelona has the largest stadium in Europe. Stop pulling facts out of your ass.
Don't be surprised. Look what happened to Bayern their first season under Pep. They went from kings of counter to German tiki-taka. Not that they aren't doing amazing, but not like it made much silverware difference.
That's actually what happened in real life prior to WW2. England used to own a majority of the middle east, before getting bombed to high heaven by Hitler (not destroyed, mind you).
North Africans are not Arabs. I stand corrected: Most of the northern Africa is part of the Arab League. Though, then it makes you wonder what we consider the term "African" to mean in general. Silly humans.
If the government doesn't send you to a secret prison for your opinion, this sub will.
Meh, not exactly that critical to our survival. Poisoning water treatment plants would be far more deadly and their locations are publicly advertised. Lay off the paranoia, its not healthy for you.
I read this in Argentine. Bravo.
Agreed. Our shambles of a defense pales in comparison to what Poch has built this season. If anything, I imagine a low margin affair made up of crazy counters.
At the gas station!
I think it's just perplexing that it's Scholes that's getting all this screen time. To the younger generation, I guess it would be like seeing Iniesta talking shit about an under fire Barca manager.
Lads seem super confident in the fitness regime in recent interviews, so I'm curious to see how our second half of the season compares to our usual performance.
Agreed. Maybe this is what Real needed after all. A former galatico who understands the needs and wants of super star athletes having experienced that himself. Aside from Ancelotti, I don't think recent managers had such previous playing careers.
Dark.
Time for my weekly visit to /r/reddevils.
Agreed with 100%. Just one thing. What is a Hollywood pass?
I swear, one giant anime corporation got broadcasting rights across South America in the 90s. I digress. Fuck you. Pokémon is not shitty. Pokémon was life.
You, my friend, would enjoy a Rammstein concert.
He could be the top #10 in the MLS. Maybe time to cash in and replace Gerrard in LA?
Do James Franco and Seth Rogen count as artists?
Can confirm. Source: am rich asshole.
Is heroin that much harder to kick?. I have ocassional relapses into my pill addiction (I have a medical use for them, I just abuse them when I get bored). The withdrawal sucks, but its nothing like they portray in Ray. Should I just save experimentation with heroin until my death bed?
I like to think that Trump, before starting his campaign, flipped a coin to decide which party to run for and brushed up on the political talking points a week after forgetting about the coin toss, by going to the Yahoo comments page.
The average user. Bruce Lee is a one man death star with these.
Is that what a speedball is? ^*Adds ^to ^bucket ^list*
Nope. They hide my narcotics from me though :/
So English food does indeed suck? Genuinely curious.
Already there, IMHO.
Wait. It does now? I can usually hold off 2 full stack armies with Roman garrisons and high walls.
3 more years! 3 more years! 3 more years!
Yeah, some people on the Spurs sub have deluded themselves into thinking Kane was always destined for greatness. Little do they remember, his loan spells were disappointing and he would have probably been loaned out again had the other two options been Adebayor and Soldado. Suppose it worked out in the end.
I've done management in development, and it sounds like your describing a waterfall methodology. Given the lessons learned form Rome 2, I would expect CA to dedicate a bit more time in UAT.
Apparently he was cheating on her too. Takes balls to cheat on the club owner's daughter your dating. And at one point, wasn't she the owner while Berlusconi was going through court and what not?
That's next season. I guess that means that we will take La Liga and CL this season, while Atleti and Real fight for the treble next season. I'll take a double this year.
Exactly. We earned that title, and it's only fitting people associate us with it until we prove them otherwise. Having the best defensive record, youngest squad, and all that noise are awesome. But we did just struggle against last year's relegation team. Granted they are surprising everyone. But just like Scum deserves the name "assholes" from time to time, we deserve Spursy. I hope we redefine it soon. Poch will make our team the most feared of the EPL.
Don't edit your post about calling them "peng tings". Show some courage, that's the first step.
Not saying these groups. But don't you think there's a chance some of the engineers on military contract might be civilians working for Lockheed or Boeing?
Ghost in the shell is the future we're heading towards. Except that instead of cool mecha suits and professional assassin hackers, you've got politically elected inept people trying to install a backdoor in all these systems, which people like anonymous or worse will exploit. I guess, a more comical and tragic version of ghost in the shell.
Aww :(. I guess she's not the prettiest bird, but she's cute.
Really? So much for overtaking Giggs.
Can you say you are going without tickets? I thought NLDs were high selling affairs, but I could be wrong.
I don't know if you can make that claim without the figures.
yup. that's why you use your country until WC time.
Over a season, I'd take Suarez over Aguero just because of his injury record. Dybala over Neymar? What?
I thought Gerrard was hanging his boots and headed to management training?
Not to mention Yedlin isn't really inspiring much confidence.
They sound like Puerto Ricans, almost impossible to understand.
Yeah, but we are talking about club career here. And Yedlin isn't really inspiring much confidence in Sunderland, let alone Spurs.
I personally think the inclusion of Will Smith in this film might be a disaster.
My thoughts as well. I figured Smith's agent had a big say on the Deadshot costume, because the lack of the mask kinda takes away from the whole Deadshot image and instead you get Will Smith in tights. Meh
We could be witnessing the destruction of the republican party through the fault of, wait for it... the republican party. Crazies want to vote for Trump, the even crazier ones like Palin.
Now THAT'S racist.
It's just that removing federal reserve independence its what will be the downfall of the dollar as the universal currency. At this rate, we'll be no better off than China.
How far down Falcao has fallen. I don't know who had it worse, him or Torres.
If he keeps developing young English talent, I could see him getting knighted. Which would make trips back to Argentina awkward whenever the Falklands are brought up.
I don't see him at United with their crazy expectations since SAF left. I could see him at Barca, especially given his connection to Puyol.
I think the producers are mistaking this for American football where the game stops every 3 minutes for 2 minutes. Thank god NBC coverage seems to be run by people who understand the sport.
I'm going to write up a good explanation, because its not fair for you to get down voted for simply not understanding. But for now, basically, all those payments that are due over time are assets. Even though we didn't have the money, we had a written contract with Madrid that we would get that money and in our books, that counts as basically having the money. There are other technicalities that won't serve any purpose for this. Maybe we have an accountant in this sub that can do a better job?
Is this new? He was bad mouthing Spielberg for Crystal Skull. And it seems he has a tendency to get into bar fights.
Or the next threat to humanity. Need I remind you of a little historical documentary called *Rise of the Planet of the Apes*?
I hate to say it, but get rid of some of the extracurricular activities and description of college. Most recruiters will only read the first page. Put everything you have to in the first page. Less is better in this case. Also, spell out (as in, list out) all the PPM, Scheduling, Ticket Tracking, and all that good software you've used. Recruiters look good when their candidate knows their shit, so they are going to look for the key words before they present you as a candidate ( *bullet item - I am proficient in MS Project, PlanView, Jira, etc.) EDIT: Also should note, a lot of recruiters use software that parses your document for keywords (see above). So try to put it out there in as basic language as you can, because your first screen against getting that job is probably whatever software they use.
Shit wasn't alpha at all. Just rape-y.
What do you have against Real Madrid?
If you score and the opponent doesnt, you win the match. I know its crazy, but apparently we've been doing that for a long time now. Spread the word so people can be informed.
From my understanding, this a coping mechanism that you unconsciously use. You need to work on your independence more than anything. This will allow you to stop seeking validation from others.
Welp. I'm taking back my upvote now.
It damn well better. I don't think anyone else can claim their goals caused orgasms among a large group of predominantly males.
Knowing Perez... that's not too far-fetched...
Not soon enough?
What if the whole baby thing was a sham to cover up his real identity?
From then on, no one said "lads, it's Spurs" with that shit eating grin ever again.
If I was playing at such a quiet stadium as the Library, I too would be nervous and take down Costa.
Kek
I am personally very pleased by this. That's one less rival Spurs have to worry about this season.
He didn't hit the lows that Pato did, but Coutinho was just disappointing at Inter before becoming a key member of Liverpool
It's kinda hard to argue against it when the evidence is there.
Guess you didn't do much history in high school. But someone has already replied to your response. I hope you learned something today.
My guess is the sheer number of people provides more opportunity for individuals like this to pop up. I've seen fanatics for every kind of thing. This nothing special.
One season hardly defines a trend. Its nice to dream, and maybe it is here. But jumping the gun after *one* *season* risks you sounding like an idiot (not you, /u/phigo50, but people making this claim).
/s mate.
ITT: Peruvians?
Yes he did. He now weighs about the same as a baby. However, given his history, officials are saying it's a fat baby the comparison applies to, just to be on the safe side.
Actually, the ending the last name with "Z" or "S" to demonstrate that someone is the descendant of so-and-so comes from Jewish tradition.
Oh, I personally don't care about your scenario - no offense. I just saw someone cast judgement on people they don't know by reading 3 sentences that describe the event from one point of view. This knee-jerk reaction is what concerns me. I am concerned my fellow man and his intellectual well being, and how that well being affects us all. If I can change one person's mind, I consider that a win and an improvement for the world.
Bayern even have a midfielder in goal. Full-backs are pacey midfielders with stamina. The game has changed in a short period.
Wow, Spurs fan praising Arsenal coach. What a time to be alive.
I know its also used in South American Spanish. It's like what a parent would use in a nice way to poke fun of their children.
Any permanent side effects? Last thing I want is half my face to be all droopy.
And those score lines. I wonder what our GD will be at the end of the season, but I can only get *so* erect.
I think it is not that bad given that Son and Chadli provide interesting options up front. If we don't sign a striker in January, I doubt we'll be significantly impacted.
I think it is not that bad given that Son and Chadli provide interesting options up front. If we don't sign a striker in January, I doubt we'll be significantly impacted.
But aren't those private Catholic schools expensive to attend? The safety net doesn't sound like a cornerstone, it sounds like another way to keep the poor in poverty.
But that's not a guarantee. You still have yet ANOTHER barrier to progress based solely on income. That's not a safety net with a pathway paved in gold, that's a toll your parents have to pay for you to pursue your passion.
Visit South America some time. It's really easy to find it, especially in Peru and Bolivia, and the quality you find would usually cost you an arm and leg in Europe and the States. Not that I'm endorsing drug use, but I'm all about new experiences - and you might as well have the best if your trying it once. Not to mention the price. In some places, cocaine is cheaper than dinner at a decent restaurant.
Agreed. Source: I'm an obnoxious introvert.
Nah, just i need to be alone to charge my batteries, socializing drains me. Obnoxious because when I am charged up, I border on mania.
What if that included anyone who had the belief "to arrest anyone who had fucked up beliefs?"
Shame for me, all we got in the Washington Metropolitan area is Bolivians, Brazilians, and Central Americans. For the longest time, no believed me that I was Latino, but then again, all Americans had seen up till then was Mexicans.
So, the only thing that is loyal about this whole deal are the fans.
I forgot, what happened again?
Isn't this a case of your hearing about it?
Shame you can't join in on the bantz we got going on in latin america.
Said it before, said it again. Fuck twitter links.
I've been in that boat. How's your relationship with family?
Fox has got some of the dumbest commentators in history when it comes to football, not to mention they love sucking Arsenal cock. Just remember, it's thanks to these guys that Alexi Lalas is still being heard by the public
As much as we dislike ISIS, I seriously doubt more than 50% of their members are closeted homosexuals. You're just as bad as the Trump supporters who are trying to paint broad strokes to simplify the make up the enemy. What you're inadvertently doing is dumbing down the conversation and doing politicians who don't have to take their jobs seriously a favor. So thank you for promoting the environment that has been so conducive to the rise of Trump politics.
No. America is more like the Iron Bank at the moment. Everyone WILL invest in the Iron Bank because "it always collects it debt", regardless of what Kings of Westeros say. With the current financial climate, Greece or China are better positioned to taking the Lannister title.
Ok, point me to the source supporting your "fact" that more than 50% of ISIS members are closeted homosexuals. I'll hold my breath while you produce that.
So no sources?
It's funny on so many levels. I'm going to hell for this.
You must not have taken sciences in grade school, because that's exactly what sciences try to do, and can work out at times. This seems to be one of those times, but you can continue to argue with your fingers plugging your ears.
I guess at the end of the day, the terrorists won.
Thats odd and sucky. Raising dead is so crucial to having basically no allies in the grand scheme of things.
A six figure salary for a non-senior role is common in IT as well. The economy over there is so hideously inflated, I wouldn't be surprised if another collapse originate from there.
Thats great! Better than having to chose Clinton or Trump.
Unless they fall flop. That would be hilariously cruel.
When I see shit like this, I have no idea how people can still doubt evolution. We are just hairless monkeys who think.
It has nothing to do with hate. It has something to do with people talking out their ass. Look up Pele and the most famous shot you'll see is his knuckle shot during the world Cup. It's not my fault you started watching football two years ago.
Put *Trump for President* stickers on the stuff of Bernie supporters. Put *Sanders for President* stickers on the stuff of Trump supporters.
I suggest a diazapam next time your engaging in such activities. I dated a girl in a similar situation and after suggestions from a friend, she tried a small dose of xanax before we got intimate. It "relaxed" her enough to get her used to sex. Eventually, she was conditioned to enjoy sex but it did take a while. Hope you have a patient guy who can roll with those punches.
I am starting to wonder if Sarah Palin is a democrat in disguise. She recently called for changes to how wealth is distributed. Either she was a Democrat secret agent or she had no clue what socialist means every team she called Obama that.
It's like he was destined to miss that shot. I thought it was funny how he retreated INSIDE his shirt. That's the sort of thing you did as a child, so I can only imagine how scarring that can be for the mind.
Came here to confirm this. Good job reddit, you're not that gullible.
I think its also funny to see a moment where the world can collectively tell a country of millions "I told you so". Humans really are funny creatures.
I'll have to search for this one. It is undisputed but I can't locate the original article either.
What do you mean by getting a scale and dropping a mg a week? Drugs don't phase me anymore. I've had migraines since 12 years of age, and the amount of drugs they've tried on me has - it seems - made me tolerant to any sort of sedative, whether its an actual tranquilizer or anti-psychotic side effect. Maybe this means I can't be ruffied?
Kk. Like i said, if you believe contrary more power to you. Didnt read what you replied though.
You got to try psychedelic mushroom for migraines? If so... Awesome! Sorry to hear your going through what your going
At least if this happened to you pre-internet era, you could possibly move on from this. But websites like this will make dumbass mistakes like this follow him around for a loooooooong time.
Yeah. Stuff these days that passes off for "WTF" is just disappointing.
Rest of the stuff? Like, more drugs?
No, no, he means before Obama, everything was going fine in the U.S.
Well, then, it stands to reason all DBZ fans are Domican.
FUCK YES. Wait, do I have to start my campaigns again?
&gt; bloody good update Eyyyy, I get it. Also, thank you for listening to VC fans request for Blood Knights - my armies are finally fully representative of the VC roster - while rebalancing their more OP strategies.
&gt; He's a cocky little shit with a hugely inflated opinion of himself that quite simply doesn't stack up to his ability, and I have absolutely no problem with the English public knocking him down a peg or two. That's why. I'm not saying praising him, but why are you going to knock him? It's not like he was the only player who performed poorly. And if you want to see what I mean by shitting on your players, the top link on /r/soccer is shitting on Kane. My national team is in worse condition than yours, and nobody ever talks them up, but when they get home, they don't have to deal with the kind of abuse your players get. Whether you think your thoughts are subtle or not, to somebody coming in with an outsider perspective, it sounds like you guys are a quiet the self-centered fans.
Jesus dude, do you also keep bitching about slavery, too?
Its in your head. Been smoking for over 15 years, and let me tell you, there is a way to conquer the paranoia.
