Yea, I was watching Kingsman the other day and I just couldn't get into it, because all of those actors are in other movies. /s
More like giving cutters to somebody who was obsessed with cutting his own brakes and he then cut his own brakes.
That diving spear header was the best thing he did for us and it was one of his latest games.
All I know is that if it's more messed up than Witcher 3, I'll be impressed.
Don't worry. Some of us native speakers still struggle with it.
Come on now, he's not that bad.
I agree. Witcher 3 can be just as challenging.
&gt;"broke the news" who are you quoting there? Nobody said anything about it being breaking news and they themselves stressed that it was just a rumour.
You literally don't have to read anything. If you're too lazy to watch a video, you can't expect people to make a written summary for you.
Yep, same here. So infuriating.
Who needs dragons when we got feathers.
That's one happy Brazilian. Like he just opened a PS2 on Christmas.
There are lots of other links between his films, but this is one that people probably didn't know. Myself included.
But how many mentors do you have?
I reckon his brother is the thief the title is referring to.
Are the book readers supposed to like Dany?
Why is your sword glowing?
It's pretty damn complicated, but you pick it up fairly easy.
Birdo has a vagina on it's face.
He should go coach Everton then.
Seriously Spurs. Fuck off
Gotta play Zombie 1-3 first
Because he's MY butler.
[Obvious, isn't it?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-xw_-wiC8Ac)
Triggered
Ayyy
Drunkborne
How has nobody said FIFA? It's THE drunk with mates game.
There'll be enough of that in MGO
I don't think anybody really gives a crap about the Harpy or who's controlling them. My show watcher friends all think the Dany story from this season was the biggest waste of time ever.
How do you know we're not looking for a new manager?
Photorealistic doesn't mean it's a drawing of a photograph. It means it looks so much like the real life object that you could be looking at a photo instead of a drawing.
Is that one long continuous story though?
You talk too much EDIT: judging by these downvotes, nobody understood that I was quoting The Mountain and not being a dick.
Think about it this way. Count AFFC and ADWD as one book as they run parallel. We are at book 4 of 6. I would say we're definitely 2 thirds through the story. The last 2 books have skewed peoples perception of how much story can actually get pumped out in one of these. Look at ASOS and how much changed during that. I believe finishing the story in 2 books is definitely within the realm of possibility. But, as others have stated, if he needs more and lives long enough to finish the series then more books will be the best in the long run.
He's a little less proven in a top PL side. I personally believe it's a good signing, but I can see why some might be more wary. Milner, on the other hand, is as much of a sure thing as they come.
I found out recently that you press O before you land and he rolls. This takes away a LOT of fall damage.
Nah there still is. He will all of a sudden jerk to the left or right straight into a tree.
What do you call it?
Or just Underground
Yes, but the one in the picture is a BRZ, obviously.
What stood out to me there is that Ings is under 21. That makes me much happier at the signing. So much upside.
It's a stupid gimmick. But as far as stupid gimmicks go, it's the best fucking one out there.
&gt;The game shipped with 49 characters (more than any other smash title by a mile), multiple (fleshed out, complete) game modes, a ton of stages, a stage editor (for the WiiU), CHARACTER CUSTOMIZATION in case you got bored with their default movesets, and online support and you're saying that it's not a complete game? When it was released it was complete, but now there are 4 extra characters which I don't have and my game isn't complete anymore.
I don't think you understand what complete means. Can you please quote the part of my post which is incorrect.
I dunno man, I reckon they would have shouted it from the rooftops if it was console exclusive.
American accent starting to set in.
wtf is loli?
Why is this guy getting downvoted?
The top voted comment is about Ryan. At least you stayed on topic. The RT community just has a problem with saying anything mildly sexual about any of the female employees. Even in a thread which is about a f*cking playboy shoot.
Apology accepted. Though you don't need to alologise for having a bad opinion.
&gt;the game felt and looked better on PS3. You're either trolling or you went blind between the two releases.
He's talking about remasters in general. There's also, to my knowledge feel free to correct me, no new game that QD are working on at the moment so there's still no proof to this.
Who?
Not sure if Ronald or Hamburgler.
Maybe you'll get Shane Smeltz next time.
It took me a while to find Colton in this pic. I honestly thought that was Burnie the first few times I skimmed over.
There was a Let's build where they go through and compare every AHer to an Always Sunny character. I think it was one of the Mega Tower ones.
Yeah you're right. Best just stick to CoD and FIFA. Everyone knows only the most popular games are any good.
Flying from Perth. Equally excited.
The people without PS+ need to buy it somehow.
It may feel great, but not as great as seeing that Platinum pop up.
Wasn't that the London Olympics logo?
I think all the "monsters" (giants, dire wolves, etc) south of the wall just died out.
Same haha I was like, Mel is going to marry Stannis and kill him.
Snake with the bucket and Ocelot with dual wield drumsticks are the best.
Is it like Hot Rod in any way?
If he's going to park illegally, why not park a bit closer?
What? Getting interviewed?
Thing of beauty
When I first saw that you could extinguish fires I thought there might be some stealth element later where you can black out rooms and use the Cat potion to sneak past enemies, but nope. It is literally a pointless feature that just gets in the way.
21.4 or 25+Aspas
If you care about it that much you should have been watching it instead of the podcast.
There's no argument here mate. Arguing with you would be like having a battle of wits against an unarmed man.
Waiting for that Fir-lean-o
Parallelogram
&gt;I'm aware of who she was talking about because I'm not an idiot and I do have some passing familiarity with the characters and their names. I don't know if you do know. If you are several seasons behind, then it's probably not who you think. I can guarantee you that Barb's not-so-subtle hints at who died, would NOT be enough for somebody a few seasons behind to know who she was talking about.
EB also gives you a 7 day return on new games. It's like renting games for free.
I'd say we need one more amazing midfielder to get in front of Can and we are a contender for sure. Can is good and he has a bright future, but we can't rely on him every game to play at CL standard.
&gt;Not to burst your bubble but You stay away from my bubble but.
haha lad
No, you are.
Maybe if you just lay your case out and stop insulting people you won't get downvoted.
Eagle Eye
He was a scourge.
Can't believe I had to scroll this far to find how to get one.
The story finished perfectly. People, rightly so, are worried that a sequel could dampen the first one.
How's no one said [Scotty Cummings](https://s.yimg.com/ea/img/-/110803/a_101009sptmainymf42_173gsbk-173gsbm.jpg)? http://www.westcoasteagles.com.au/video/2013-05-08/sgio-top-moment-cummings-14-goals
That's Mike
The kill bill one is better imo
He's an acquired taste for sure. People either love him or hate him.
To be fair, Geoff was asking him about it and starting the conversations. I think Andy will start off pretty quiet and as he gets more comfortable, he will banter with the others. All his jizz story are already known, so I doubt he will bring them up on his own accord.
&gt;How about 120 hours of collecting flowers and herbs If that was your experience, then you weren't playing properly. Your assessment of the game is one of that who obviously hasn't played the whole thing, or at least went into it with a very negative attitude. My assessment of Bloodborne would be 20 hours of farming blood vials from the same area over and over just so you can attempt to take on a boss for the 20th time before realising "this isn't fun" and playing a different game. But that would be unfair, because even though that was my experience with the game, I'm not conceited enough to assume that everybody shares my opinion. &gt;Seems to me that /r/ps4[1] isn't very polite or open-minded towards others with differing opinions. This is absolutely true, although in this case, I believe your downvotes were as a result of your post being... well dumb. I also believe your second post will gather a few downvotes as well due to your childish assessment of The Witcher 3.
That's a pretty obnoxious way of looking at things. You're saying that if there's ANYTHING in the house that may or may not distract you from the game, then you shouldn't play ranked at all? I've had to leave the controller a few times during RL to either answer the phone or answer the door. You can't plan for everything.
People don't want their team mate getting kicked. The thread is about people wanting to give their team mate a chance to get back in the game. The only people that "don't want to deal with it" are the people being left to play 1v2. This isn't a thread about people complaining that they're getting kicked. Keep up.
No. How the hell did you come up with that? You know don't worry about it. Have fun in your own little world.
We're talking about paying to access the store which you don't need PSN or xbl for.
Sony doesn't and never had that process. It was only 360 that did that.
You can get your money's worth out of those games without the online MP.
&gt;but it does suck for the consumer. It really doesn't though. The only people you ever hear complaining about that subscription are people who dont use it and therefor dont know exactly what you're getting. I paid for PS+ before it was required for online. It's better for the consumer. Don't look at it as paying for online. You're paying for 60 games at a dollar each. Which realistically would cost you thousands to pay for them individualy. It also gets you into new games that you normally wouldn't play or buy. Developers get more sales out of it and Sony get our money. It's really a win-win-win for everybody.
Booo
Well the majority of /r/ps4 voters say you're wrong. What should have won the awards instead?
That's actually what put me off the first one. If this one has even more then I'll probably wait until it's very cheap.
It's would have won regardless. /r/rocket league aren't the only people that like rocket league.
Its place in the opening cutscene was awesome. It was one of the best gaming moments for me and why I voted for it. I think use of the song is just as important as how good the song is.
These cavs commentators are insufferable.
The atmosphere in Witcher is just as good.
Looks like an old fashioned Agni Kai to me.
I can work with that.
It worries me that somebody like you would be in a position to make that choice in the first place.
Gavin is absolutely atrocious at this game.
Pffft
Hmmm. Perhaps I should get dental work.
Great start to the half. Vooch, what a beast.
In Australia you get racially abused if you don't smoke. "Sorry I don't smoke". "FUCK YOU WHITE CUNT!"
Would need at least your first rounder.
Usher would get smacked in a second attitude era.
Now we on a roll like Kimbo Dice.
Damn you for not proof reading.
... So Sanchez as our main striker.
This should be Rondarousing.
Nothing else in the English language makes sense. Why should this?
Jerk ma gerk.
No, it really isn't.
Me either. Everyone I know just calls them Lego. Or in the context of a conversation about lego, you would just say "blocks".
It would feel amazing
Has anyone made this in that siege weapon PC game? I can't remember what it's called.
I wasn't overly fond of that Hitler fellow either.
Grim Fandango is amazing.
Grim Fandango is amazing. Anybody playing it for the first time PLEASE do yourself a favour and DO NOT look up how to pass sections. Keep at it even if it takes you hours. The satisfaction when you work stuff out for yourself is so good. Very rewarding game to play through. EDIT: Post anything positive on this subreddit and you get downvoted. Video games are great people. Cheer up and stop being such downers.
The coach who is challenging calls a timeout and if the challenge is correct then he gets his timeout back, if not, then he wastes a timeout. It will deter them from challenging every little call.
Wow haha that must have been a very slow first-half of the game.
Dire wolf smokes a cone?
If by favourite you mean "most anticipated" then Uncharted 4 easily. I'm also really looking forward to Yooka-Laylee. I expect that will come this year and if it is as good as it looks then it could be this year's surprise packet, much like Rocket League last year.
It's a long season. We were never going to maintain our great form for the whole thing. We WILL get our players back. We WILL improve. We WILL make playoffs. Also Dipo got his swagger back.
Most of the people I play with must have that.
It will always start you off near your goals. The goals you should be aiming for are always going to be the furthest ones away.
Yeah totally agree with this. So many times I forget to save at the last second and would love a second chance.
After 1 minute I would have just said "I don't know, you might have to call Apple support"
Haha did you papercut yourself? This is good. Very tingly indeed. Great stuff
This is so fucking frustrating. How can they be hitting so many 3's??? It doesn't matter how well we play, they just have to shoot from anywhere outside and it goes in.
I agree with his assessment. Why would you expect him to keep playing the game if he's not having fun with it?
&gt;Your reply sounds like the typical "I got nothing to hide and can't bothered with those stupid "social skills"... Cuz I keep it real." To be fair though, that is the best attitude to have. Don't go sneaking around your friends so you can avoid talking to them. It always surprises me how many people want "appear offline" for ps4.
You can report him. Take screen shots of the spam.
I always play in private parties, but if I get a party invite from somebody else, is it so hard to just ignore it or say "Sorry, already in a party"? Everybody seems to be of the opinion that doing this will somehow anger that person or make them feel like an asshole.
DiCaprio is the new De Niro.
Obviously, he's much more suited to Don King.
Both sides of this argument have been exhausted. I won't be adding anything that hasn't already been said.
I expect so. Burnie is a lot smarter than everybody in here assuming Sony are trying to sue youtubers.
I think they tried to get both words but weren't successful in getting either.
&gt;Ok. I mean, it just seems like this is the thread to do that sort of thing I completely agree, but it doesn't stop people from downvoting. The main problem I had with it was repetition and it felt like a grind. I have no problem that it's difficult. I have a lot of patience with video games. I can sit there and battle a boss over and over again until I get it. But with Bloodborne you can't just fight the boss over and over, you have to fight through areas of enemies to get there and possibly take damage in the process which then results in wasting blood vials which you are limited to carrying. So you fight a boss a bunch of times, using up all your blood vials and bullets and you die so you lose your souls as well (so you can't buy more blood vials and bullets) which means you have to go and farm areas you've already been before just to collect enough health and bullets to attempt the boss again. The game was 90% grind and repetition and 10% fun for me. After about 15 hours I stopped and haven't picked it up again.
Which is possibly why their trademark request was turned down. Although I'm not sure if RT have trademarked it. They might have trademarked "Let's Play Live" though.
Don't do that, you'll get downvoted with blind hatred.
I've always wondered what it felt like to be Ardra's camera.
RT love coming here. Might be as simple as that.
I second Rogue Legacy. The best sidescroller IMO.
You shut your filthy mouth. Child of Light is fantastic.
As soon as I found out I couldn't accelerate and shoot at the same time I stopped playing.
How about they ban movies based off novels as well as comic books. They can't just decide what movies they want and don't want on their sub. What is this 1943?
maaaan the MP in R&amp;C on PS2 was freaking epic. So much fun playing that as a kid with split screen.
It depends if the kid or dog were yours. If it were my dog or just some random kid I would save my dog first and then go back for the kid if I can. If it were my kid or a random dog, then obviously I'd go for the kid. If they were both mine, I would go for the kid, if neither were mine, I'd go for the kid.
Wow, so much for an intelligent conversation. No need to resort to personal attacks mate.
I love my dog. Sue me.
Fuck me, somebody must have shat in your coffee this morning. There's absolutely no need for the attacks. Talk about an over reaction. What a dramaqueen
That's a pretty good call actually
Love them. Playing pokemon and fire emblem on my phone at work is the best.
&gt;It's literally in your first reply to me. It's literally written there for everyone to see.. Not sure if your reading comprehension is seriously that bad or if you're a flat out liar You utter moron. That wasn't me that wrote that.
He's talking about the first one
cloverweight
Had it been confirmed to be a trilogy?
I agree. I fell in love with her after about 30 minutes and he spent way more time with her than that.
It's sad now to know why :(
How are we missing so many open layups? Just put the damn ball in the hoop.
Nobody does based off this game. He doesn't deserve minutes anyway, he needs them.
Who the eff is this?
I don't blame the guy, I was just defending my statement.
Cricket is another big one. Especially in the Asian countries.
[*sigh*](http://cdn1.theodysseyonline.com/files/2015/12/19/635860931816028805-1145677168_tumblr_inline_nsmc1accGt1rh75qb_500.jpg) We've lost 7 of the last 8.
Pretty sure it died a while ago.
Too many Vsauce videos.
Yes it does. You just described an elitist.
His wife doesn't work on the internet.
As long as I get to meet and get signatures from Burnie, Matt, Geoff, Gus and Joel I'll be super happy. After all they are the reason I got into RT in the first place and I'm so happy that they are all going to be here at once. Hopefully they have a few RvB posters or blurays for sale so I can get them all to sign that.
Fuck yeah!
What is it?
You were at -2 when I commented
Maybe they should race for it.
I'm a big fan of GCs jumper. Last year's clash was way better than what you're using this year though.
Yesterdays Jam?
It's annoying how fox is there but no diamond dogs.
I made a similarly heroic ram the other day and the guy wrote "fu cking rammer fu ck u" in chat and my team mate who scored wrote "great ram dude" it was pretty funny.
Yeah all the games too
He's not the type to turn down a bit of extra head.
Level 100 in gta online was a massive grindfest. Repeating rooftop rumble over and over again for like 2 weeks straight was NOT fun, but it's my most treausred trophy because of the amount of work it took.
The guardian we spoke to said that we need to be there at least an hour before the allotted time otherwise the line will be capped. Seems to be mixed messaging from the guardians.
I don't blame you man, I'm getting there super early tomorrow so I can get a seat and not move until closing.
I don't know man it sure sounded like it and James's reaction seemed like he just hit someone in the face with a boomerang.
Videos are their thing. That's what we wanted. About half of it was audience interaction so there was plenty of that too. Adam and Bruce were a few mins late, but I'm sure that wasn't their fault. If you're talking about them leaving the stage toward the end during some videos, you may not have been able to see, but they joined the crowd and sat in the front row with the fans.
Why? It's not England.
1. The Last of Us Remastered 2. The Witcher 3 3. The Nathan Drake Collection 4. Rocket League 5. Dragon Age: Inquisition 6. Middle Earth: Shadow of Mordor 7. Arkham Knight 8. Wolfenstein: The New Order 9. Diablo 3 10. Infamous: Second Son
