IIRC, with Magical Express, you don't see your checked luggage at all until you sometime after you get to your resort, so if your luggage was setup for Magical Express, you would kind of lose it for a while.
&gt; make sure you eat at ABC restaurant Probably just worth mentioning: Don't eat at the ABC Commissary. That place sucks.
I think it might still have gone viral with a She-Hulking even without the censoring.
Where'd you get that decal?
It's a story about a murdered bride, and has zombies.
Yes, let's do this. I've been wanting this for years. I even (terribly) wrote a bill for Model General Assembly that was this exact idea. Unfortunately, the farthest it went was to committee.
sudo rm -rf /
The Prestige.
You sir might like Denmark.
Or a Blue Eyes White Dragon!
SPOILERS [Spoiler](#s "His character is the head of NASA and literally vetoes the thing that ends up saving Matt Damon.")
And still no race with the Big 3
Yeah, but Bran's a tree now.
Well, if Disney gets the rights back to Marvel in the parks, and makes DHS have a Pixar Land and a Marvel Land, then you could totally put an Incredibles ride at their intersection.
I don't know of any changes you can do really. I edited the config to allow high res since the default max is 1280x1024.
There might be some problems using the actors from the audiobook. Mark Hamill's like 70, he can't portray someone who's at most 40.
What about something like Paperman? Pretty much hand-drawn digital.
Good luck getting Connery back.
Maybe this will be about those chicks from 21 Jump Street that kept bashing the guys for sucking at their cases.
Yeah, that's definitely a Coelophysis. An ostrich mold like in 7570 would be closer to a Gallimimus.
Eh, there's a few more, but I can't think of any others recently. An old example would definitely be the Swiss Family Robinson.
Man, I wish Kindles still had free 3G Wikipedia on all models.
Correct.
Still not much space.
Got suspended for using Tor Browser to read Cracked.com. Now I'm a CS major.
Shoot ah!
I think freezer raptor was the missing one. The one in the maintenence shed was able to get out because all Ellie did was close the door. The freezer was locked and cold.
Better question would be if that Spino skeleton is fossil or not.
They could have gone back and killed it.
I still have no clue what to get my Santa.
Ya'll going to Dinosaur School.
Not with Blu-ray.
Yeah, they also sell those in stores. I'm hoping to find one and graft it to my magic band.
Clonezilla can let you easily make an image of current hard drive. Alternatively, I'd just recommend using Windows Backup to backup your files.
Music wasn't bad. Entire aviary scene is actually pretty great. Spino looks cool, I just think it wouldn't beat a T. Rex.
Some of the nicer drums are that much, but also double as an electronic drum set.
In the Jurassic World section of the game, go to the big pyramid, and it's in there.
Next cooking show by Ramsey Bolton is 1001 Ways to Flay Bobby Flay. Guest starring the Thenns!
He's not always right. I went back and checked through one of my old Unofficial Guides. There was a lot of mentions about a possible Halloween separate ticket event at MGM. Obviously, that hasn't happened.
My dog uses the Teenie Beanies as chew toys. Also tries to do that to actual size Beanie Babies, but I like my stuffed animals to survive if they look cool.
You kick down the door! It's the Level 8 Gazebo!
/u/versebot [Luke 21:1-4]
Now you're getting NewSpeak.
That wasn't Bender. That was just air leaking from the folds of fat he had.
Set it EFF?
No one dies in Lego World. They may still be stranded on an island with dinosaurs for 22 years.
He's probably a college student, like Disney hires.
Who's that Pokemon?! It's Mewtwo!
Sheesh, that's like the entire movie.
Because it's probably true. My dad had a stroke last year, and has plateau'd in recovery.
I hope that my giftee likes my gift. I like what I got, but USPS busted the cool part of it.
I sent a photo of the damage to my Santa. I'm pretty sure he wants to send me a new one, but get money from USPS for it.
A skip would be great.
No, 2009 is what if the audience experienced ALL THE FEELINGS in the first 10 minutes?
That is what's going on with a different computer I'm having problems with, but this one was just upgrades to 10 yesterday, and never had networks working.
Damn, I was hoping for something like an Ant-Man preview.
No way could Survivor be the middle. The contestants wouldn't be fit to run the race after a stretch on the island. It would have to be last or followed by Big Brother.
The hatched raptors probably died. In the book, there's quite a few chapters about the nursery and how much care it takes for them to even get the dinosaurs old enough to live on their own in the paddocks.
Honestly, while this would never happen because of rights, I would love to see a Left Behind series that was done as a serious disaster film. It starts with tons of people disappearing including all the children, and then it gets worse, starting with World War III, followed by the world's largest earthquake. And that's the downright tame judgments. After that, you get hail, fire, and blood raining down on the earth scorching all of the grass and a third of the plants. Then a meteor comes down and kills a third of everything in the sea, as well as turns a third of the sea into blood, then Wormwood poisons a third of the freshwater. Next, a third of the day is pitch black as all the stars get dimmed by a third. Then we get some really metal shit as demonic locusts attack everyone not sealed by God. Then 4 angels are released to get 200 million cavalry to kill a third of the population. Then sores appear on all who worship the beast, and all the water turns to blood, the sun becomes so hot it scorches people, the kingdom of the beast is plunged into darkness, the Euphrates dries up to allow for the battle of Armageddon, then another earthquake that levels every mountain and hill and removes islands from their foundations, and finally Jesus shows up and kills everyone who opposes him. TL;DR: Make Left Behind movies from the perspective of a nonbeliever. Have it scored by Iron Maiden.
That's some terrible exegesis. Every time I've heard this passage taught on, it has been in the context of marriage.
Probably not, it depends on how that hate manifested itself.
¿Qué es tu problema?
Dang, I'm going end of July, and have never been to that attraction. Sucks more for my cousins who are going for the first time, and we're doing two DHS days back to back due to how magic hours matched up. That second day is going to feel slow.
There is, but it's like unlimited data. They bring you it slowly so you don't eat as much as you really want.
All Star Movies Resort begs to differ.
Well, this is false since, when given driver support, new Windows OSes have made machines faster.
Of course, that just changes it from a 4 word password to a 5 word password.
Usually with at least a crowd of Christian witnesses, who are supposed to help keep you accountable. So the river's fine usually, but most churches I've been to have a hot tub inside as a baptismal. That said, I have been to a baptism that was done in a kiddie pool.
I still don't see what was controversial about that ballistics test. All it did was divert the James a little closer to campus.
Wait, is that a place for black hats or white hats pretending to be black hats?
Yes. Econ 101 is a great place to find underage demand for alcohol.
Hmm, that sounds like a fun QI question. Who was the 44th president of the United States?
Just got to ask, but was so interesting he wasn't looking at either of them?
Samsung Pay checks whether Knox has been tripped. Doing pretty much anything close to rooting will trip it, and no one has found a way to untrip it.
And that's why I'll probably buy it on Steam Sale in 2017 or so.
Dani is usually considered a girl's name, as it's short for Danielle.
Honestly, the only problem I have with the exercises is that it assumes I'm female, which I'm not. I don't ever need to say nosotras.
Jessica Lange ain't the Supreme anymore.
Tends to fall into member of the species Homo sapiens.
They actually have one there for $3000.
What if someone introduced a bot whose sole purpose was to increase profits of companies working to develop smarter bots?
Mine does IBM ThinkPad and then goes into more personal information than I'd like to give out.
I have no clue about names on the new cast. I'm just basing it on previous seasons with the twist. Cagayan had the advantage of Brawn winning most of the immunity challenges while the Brains imploded, which helped Tony come the merge. WA had the White Collar, who were pretty much a Brains tribe, also implode out the gate. I think the Blue Collar tribe also had a fair amount of challenge domination, which helped Mike get to the merge.
Of course, most of the kids that act out hard enough to get those probably have parents that don't give a fuck.
Walden Pond lets you have pets, although they charge a fee.
Only if Nadiya continues to suck at Reality TV game shows.
Ugh, guess I'm going to still be using the S6 for the next like 4 years.
I've seen them, flipped through them, and came to the conclusion that they're too hard. So many tiny places to make it hard to stay in the fucking lines.
I'd love to see them do a musical crossover with Neil Patrick Harris playing the villain Music Meister.
If you're still using Plex in 3-4 years, it finally becomes worth it, but if you're not sure, then the shorter options aren't too bad. Base cost is $5/month or $60/year. There's also an annual option that is $40/year or $3.33/month, but you have to pay $40 at once. To determine how long you'd have to be using a lifetime pass before it became cheaper, you'd have to see how many months at whatever price point you'd be using before it starts actually saving money. Therefore, if you went monthly, it would 35 months or nearly 3 years before the lifetime pass became worth it, or if paying annually, 53 months or 4 and a season years to become worth it.
It will be used in the sense of shown on screen at least, otherwise, why would they even tell us that it existed.
What about the Crack Baby Athletic Association game?
Adam Baldwin might be up to do it again, and I'd love to see him in another western.
My Sprint one has call over wifi, although I don't use it.
They prefer to be called Silurians.
Well, that was a line lifted straight from the book.
Only for like half of Dawn Treader. Even then, not so much hate, but pity.
If he does it soon, he can have Steve Buscemi cameo as a firefighter.
Why do any of these teams need to rebuild or build new stadiums? What's wrong with the old ones? Did Bane blow them up?
No, I haven't forgotten that one. I have a bumper sticker from it with my collection of other bumper stickers from campaigns that failed.
A small Catholic boarding school in rural Alaska doesn't sound too difficult.
The soundtrack was its weakest point to me. Too much pop.
Doctor Who: Civil War?
&gt; Also a sane person wouldn't have slept with some woman promising her an ancient virus in the hopes of reuniting with a son who hasn't aged a bit yet! Hey, that one made sense because she was definitely not sane.
Bugged there too.
Are you talking about the lips? In the movie that wasn't the Criminologist, it was Richard O'Brien (Riff-Raff).
[It's not live.](http://www.ew.com/article/2015/04/10/rocky-horror-picture-show-fox)
To be fair, the last one 20th Century Fox's.
For objection number 2, I contend that Krypton is over the United States if there exists a vector going from the center of the Earth to Krypton through a part of the United States.
[Source](http://www.ew.com/article/2015/04/10/rocky-horror-picture-show-fox) Pretty much, they're not doing live so that they can get screen actors instead of stage actors. People who are used to cuts and retakes rather than having to get everything perfect over 2 hours.
Depends heavily on how urban you are looking for. JMU is downtown Harrisonburg with plenty of stuff within walking distance of off-campus. They also have a great CS program from what I've heard. From what I've heard of VCU, it's more the kind of urban where crime is an issue.
I'd say a fair amount still hold up, at least from Nickelodeon. They only had 14 cartoons during the 90s, and the most popular ones (Rugrats, Doug, Hey Arnold) definitely hold up
🎺 ^🎺 🎺 ^🎺
It can also sometimes take 5 minutes.
It may have had low cultural effect, but that will change some. Disney's opening up an Avatar land at Animal Kingdom.
[Not always](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KbWgUO-Rqcw). Thankfully, they've turned around since then. I do think that that conference is why PS4 has had better numbers.
Possibly, but they test all blood before using.
Got a false positive for some weird disease from South America the one time I did, and haven't gotten it cleared up yet.
That was just the tip.
One of my professors goes there for something similar. He teaches basic C++ in the summer there, hoping to help bring students to Christ.
Wait, where'd you get the rum?
Ah, the pic looks outdoors, so I assumed Adventureland.
&gt; "Truly, we live in the darkest timeline." CNN's Anderson Cooper, after ~~the speech.~~ donning the traditional felt goatee.
Most people don't have backups since most people don't have root, and you really can't backup properly without root on Android.
I'm not sure if I agree with work yourself to the bone. That seems like a recipe for burnout or a messed-up work-life balance. Work is important, just not at the expense of more important things like family.
How does fire rate work on a semi-auto weapon? Surely the fire rate should be equal to how fast you can press it, until it overheats.
Ok. I guess I just haven't been fast enough to hit that cap.
Funny thing is that Trump calls Jerry a reverend in his thank you tweet, when Jerry is a lawyer.
God, it was so easy to level up in KH2. Pride Rock was literally all I did after beating most of the story.
Slog through the first few episodes. It ends up picking up around Episode 4 or 5. 4 if you're going by what the order should be, and 5 if you're going by how they aired them.
Yeah. Episode was about a bomber. That one was supposed to be Episode 4,but they delayed it a week, and put Episode 5 in its place. It creates a slight continuity issue, but only in the romance stuff.
Not anymore. Achievement is bugged even further now.
Kylo Ren wishes he looked that good.
Depends on how you think step 3 should be handled. Since step 3 is "treat them as you would a pagan or a tax collector," that still falls under the Golden Rule. I'd argue that the best thing to do at that stage is not to excommunicate them from the church like JW's do, but limit parts of participation, like disallowing them from positions of leadership in the church, and perhaps disallowing them from participating in Communion.
I bet this person isn't in the test.
Yeah. I click the post button, and it does nothing. Makes me wonder if my account might be in danger.
Out of curiosity, is their Firewhiskey any different from Fireball or Cinerator?
I feel like there is almost certainly one in the Middle East that would probably produce the best alchemists in the world.
[Spoiler] (#s "Yeah, they should've killed off War Machine with that fall.")
[Yes.](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/s1o90/i_think_my_teenage_son_may_have_sodomized_our_dog/)
Let's be honest. The kid only invited you because they want the $50.
It's punishing kids that we're talking about, not teenagers. What sort of elementary school would require kids to use smartphones?
Nah, just set their phone to a static ip on your network, then filter all the traffic from it to say, zombo.com.
What we need is a Poison legendary. One that isn't Arceus.
They also have a craft beer called MMMHops.
That's roughly 4 times more power than needed for a flux capacitor!
I don't watch Supernatural, but from the Internet, I was underneath the impression that the biggest ship for that show was gay incest between the leads. Are they actually doing that?
Maybe I was grandfathered in since I got the discount when it first came out, but I've used it for ~4 years now, and all I've had to do the past two years is just reverify I was a student. Won't be able to do that next time, but $10 Spotify really won't feel that expensive once I start working.
Depends on what you mean by canon. They aren't part of the Disney Animated Canon, but each of the stories technically is canon to their original movie, and a fair amount of them are canon to some TV shows, like events of The Lion King sequels being mentioned in The Lion Guard, and all of the Lilo and Stitch sequels being essentially episodes of the Lilo and Stitch show. The Atlantis sequel was also pretty much a backdoor pilot for an Atlantis show, and even feels like three television episodes slapped together.
Still made by Dick Wolf, only this time, he's an actual wolf.
Littlefinger's a big guy.
Will it help you through a rough time, [like the first Paul Blart Mall Cop film?](https://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/33z828/reddit_what_movie_helped_you_through_a_rough_time/)
Not a movie, but a miniseries. And McShane is playing Wednesday.
I mean, the book only has but so much content. Probably will only be a season.
Survivor: Family Edition - Entire families compete, instead of just two members of a family like in BvW. I mean, it was a terrible Amazing Race season.
I don't use it because last time I did, I got fucked by a bug where their Charged Star Card was the same as one of the ones on my class, and when switching classes later in the match, it wiped out my supply of charges.
Wait, which instruments work with the adapter? I have RB1 drums, GHIII guitar, RB3 keyboard, and Microsoft microphone. After a quick google, apparently the microphone and the guitar would work with the adapter. Drums are too old since they're wired, and keyboard isn't even in the game.
Stock Touchwiz
Reminds me of when DH got leaked and I found a decent fanfiction that covered most of the same ideas pretending to be the leak.
All I know is Stephen Colbert is the Caesar Flickerman of the Hungry for Power Games.
I've heard of some places building grass bridges as sort of wildlife crosswalks.
They have special GearVRs for this. Has leather on any of the parts that touch people's faces, and an extra strap to keep it on while on the ride. Also, they clean every headset after each ride.
If a lake is moving fast, there might be a problem.
Just read it. Kind of boring, especially if you know a fair amount about how Disney does their backstage stuff.
Phones are locked in. These are modified GearVR.
[Here's an interview with a guy who explains the deal.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QeDutyFLXXs)
It's only the best if you don't suck at it. HvV is where I'm at.
Article says that he was scouting Disney Springs, not the parks. The parks have great security, but Disney Springs doesn't have any security perimeter that you have to go through to get in.
I love Big Brother too.
I don't vote in the midterms for my district, but that's because my district is so right-leaning, and Bob Goodlatte has done enough for the people of our district, especially in agriculture, that those who do vote choose him, even though he is so much a part of the systemic problems of Congress.
Round One: Depends on where they are, and which characters they replace. If they replace some of the non-Nedry staff, there's an excellent chance that many of them are eaten before Hammond invites the inspectors. If they replace the inspectors + kids (Everyone who goes out in the cars), they die by Tyrannosaurus, at least assuming that in this universe they haven't seen Jurassic Park because they're living it. If any of them replace Nedry, dinosaurs never happen because the computers can't deal with the lines of DNA. Alternatively, if they replace Nedry right at the start of the movie events, then everyone goes on fine because the dinosaurs don't get out. Round Two: Depends on how these guys are housed, which DNA version of Linkin Park they are, and whether there is a Nedry to sabotage everything. If these guys are housed by member, such that all of the Chesters or all of the Mikes are in the same enclosure, then it is much less likely that there will be the sort of cohesion and teamwork that is shown in Linkin Park. If they are housed by band, such that each enclosure has a full band, perhaps told to play a different song per enclosure, then some team work might be done. First things first, with instruments come instruments accessories. Guitar and mic cables can be turned into rope if push comes to shove, and may be able to be used to create shorts in the electric fences to allow escape. Unfortunately for the Linkin Parks, if they don't take out the cameras, they will quickly be discovered to not be in their cages since they can't breed more of themselves (The cameras are pretty much only good at counting the number of animals you expect.). Another point of contention is that probably not all of the Linkin Parks are equal. There is Linkin Park Prime, who presumably is not a part of the park, and is the original Linkin Park DNA. In the book, because of the incompleteness of the DNA, there are different versions of the dinosaurs, with each new version being a "more complete" batch of DNA. For example, the raptors are on Version 4.0. Given the amount of time it takes to create adult humans, there are probably many versions of Linkin Park in the park, ranging from newborns with the best DNA of the lot, to adults who are probably retarded. This is a major disadvantage for the Linkin Parks. Finally, Round Two belongs to the Linkin Parks, as Linkin Park Prime would force everyone off the island with a cease and desist. Round Three: After the hullabaloo of Round Two, Linkin Park scientists have decided to do something extraordinary and not against any law yet. They have decided to take their current DNA batches, and combine them with some [Dino DNA](https://youtu.be/qUaFYzFFbBU?t=1m22s). After a quick Google, there are 6 members of Linkin Park. There were 6 major dinos in Jurassic Park. Let's match them up. * Chester (lead vocals) - T. rex (lead dinosaur, awesome roar) * Rob (drums) - Brachiosaurus (because they boom when they walk) * Brad (guitar) - Dilophosaurus * Dave (bass) - Gallimimus * Joe (electronics) - Triceratops * Mike (keys) - Velociraptor With these combinations, weirdly enough, only the behavior came through, except for the Bradilophosaurs who spit poison. Honestly, I'm going to give this one to the Linkin Parks because a 40' tall Chesterex with that sort of voice would probably drive everyone off on its own. Also, unless the caretakers prepare for the size of an 85' Robrachiosaur, those will be able to break the fences for everyone since these guys still have enough human intelligence for music and murder. Round Four - Dinosaurs take it so hard. Round Five - Normal raptors are going to be the real threat. The rest of the dinos, except the Gallis, are probably taken out by their respective Linkin Park members. If the raptors work together with the T. rex to take down Chesterex, a la Jurassic World, then the dinosaurs will win by having the T. rex for other matchups. Best case for Linkin Park is if the big guys focus on the raptors, and maybe the T. rex, although I believe Chesterex can take T. rex in 1v1. Probably 7/10 to dinosaurs.
For those of you complaining that it's $65, that's only because this is Toys R Us, which has effectively a "you didn't price match" tax. The set normally goes for $60.
Music
[Doesn't seem to be more than once a year, but it's starting to approach actually happening once a year.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Incidents_on_the_Washington_Metro#Derailments) At least they are trying to fix it now, but that just means that many lines are being closed down.
They don't have The Big Bad Wolf anymore.
They've replaced it with something newer and that keeps the big drop over the river.
Campus lockdown with active shooter. Honestly was really annoyed that it meant the dining halls were closed.
Nope. Virginia Tech when a Radford guy came and shot one of our cops.
About JPOG, look to the seas for the PC.
Reminds me of Puddleglum.
But Bastardbowl!
Just make sure the movie has Pauly Shore.
I mean, if all you know is the movies, they did change it to a raven in the movies.
I only just got it this week. Fucking cycler rifle is a pain to use. Easier as a scout pistol type weapon than as a sniper.
Better than the Obama-Mankey jokes.
Wait, are you talking about Mandy Moore and Kristen Bell,or their characters?
Well, I call this one The Campfire Song Song.
Well, it's not Kidz Bop, [but it can be cleaned up.](https://youtu.be/D6_cBtYWiis)
I'm trying to remember what Threshold 2's biggest changes were. The one I've used the most is being able to use Windows 7 and up keys straight for an install, but I don't remember much else.
Disney World got rid of Toontown for New Fantasyland.
Well duh. Does Google even have a crypto museum?
Yeah, but that second one can be turned into a career.
You mean Tony Stank?
Sounds like you have a computer bug.
Well, now all we need is a skull and an L, and it will be great.
Hey, I only just got the damn Shadow Trooper, so I'm going to enjoy it for a bit.
Eh, the only internship I ever had was with a company I'd never want to work for out of school, but they just happened to be one of very few tech companies in my hometown, so they were great for a summer internship.
You mean Promotion, right?
I really want to change the thumbnails for every episode to these on Plex, but I think they're a bit too spoilery, especially when I have a brother who hasn't been spoiled, and has only watched the first episode.
Didn't even need his father to push him like Bran did.
