There is a good chance he won't.
I agree with what you're saying, the production isn't great right now, but I think it's worth pointing out that he's only 19. There is a reason why he was a first round pick, and was widely considered one of the best hitters in his draft. He hasn't gotten it done yet, but I think it's important to give him some time before we give up on him as a first baseman.
I think a lot of people had us as about a .500 team going into the season. The fact that we are a half game out of first is pretty surprising.
If no one else wants to be the Met ranker, I'll take it.
I'm not putting pants on until it's broken up.
If you want it, you can take it. I'm just kind of tired of seeing no blurb for the Mets lol.
\#Gay4Murph
At this point, me picking your team is a curse. Good thing I've got the Nats and Barves tomorrow.
Not everyone can be Nordic God level good.
As much as tonight has sucked, shit like this makes me love baseball.
I mean... he had 10 Ks and no walks in his 4 innings. This points more toward shitty luck than anything else. It's just crazy to see two starters in Cashner and Syndergaard to get so unlucky back to back.
Calling it now, both starters are going to do it tomorrow.
Surprised so many people like the final 3. Final 2 makes for a much more interesting end game imo.
A Woo and Kass final 2 would have been amazing.
He would've been awesome on S31.
Or maybe it's just that a lot of people find Kass entertaining...
The best survivor mind of the post-HvV era imo.
StL
&gt; I'm gay (hopefully OK on this subreddit) Sorry, but this cracked me up. Survivors online community is like, 50% gay. No one is going to have a problem with it here.
He's (she's?) my favorite poster on here and it's not even close.
That's was actually me yelling it from New Jersey.
Clint Robinson got picked off with Rendon at the plate and the tying run on second. *Noice*
It makes sense that Familia is being used a lot at this point in the season. He's one of the few actual major leaguers in our bullpen right now. He can rest when Black/ Parnell/ Blevins/ Carlyle/ Mejia come back.
Y'all are about to get Nale'd.
Chad is also king of the open mouth gape and the reason we got the "leg up on me" line from Chris.
Check the ratings of Russell's seasons compared to seasons with out him. There's no difference.
I'll go season by season 1. Dirk 2. Mike 3. Lindsey 4. Gabe 5. Robb 6. Shawna 7. Osten 8. Richard 9. Bubba 10. James 11. Amy 12. Bobby 13. Cao Boi 14. Rocky 15. Dave 16. Tracy 17. GC 18. Sydney 19. Russell 20. Tom 21. Jill 22. Stephanie 23. Stacey 24. Colton 25. Dawson 26. Allie 27. Brad 28. Brice 29. Drew 30. Joaquin
But that is a question that requires zero thought. Gomez is clearly better.
No it shouldn't.
If you want to stay away from spoilers, keep away from S11, 16, 20, 22, 23, 25, 26, and 27. They all feature returning players from other seasons. Watch all newbie seasons first.
You also got Pagan for Ramon Ramirez and Andres Torres, which has really been the only bad trade Sandy has made.
I don't care where the strike zone is, you can't have three backwards K's to end the game with a no-no going. Swing the damn bat.
"Yeah, but it was against the Mets." "Oh, that makes sense."
Well... At least we're getting Travis back. Edit: Oh by the way, we are STILL in first place. It certainly doesn't feel like it.
He would've had a better chance than Danny fucking Muno.
I never really understood this subs hatred of booing anyway. If you're unhappy with the way your team is playing, go ahead and boo. They're professional athletes, you're not going to hurt their feelings.
I guess I just don't see why booing is that big of a deal. If you are upset with what is happening, you should be able to boo, whether it's your manager, the umpire, a bench player, or an all-star. Like I said earlier in this thread, these guys are professionals, you are not going to hurt their feelings.
That doesn't make the losing any less frustrating.
Lol he was voted out three times. He threw a hissy fit after the Elyse and Keith TC's. He got worse with every season he went on.
*Smarjerry
Smeagolgery
He did it for SmartJerry.
The esurance commercials are a little more degrading imo.
Season 7 Episode 10 "Swimming With Sharks"
What, you guys couldn't get Roxy?
At that point, we should just tear it down and start a new one.
"Hi I'm Bartolo. I'm a very successful professional athlete" "Okay, we're totally invading this planet"
"I knew it was out of here, but I didn't want to get in the way of your homerun call" Keith is on fire tonight.
Barves playing with fire bringing up Big Bart.
A DH with bad fundies?
What about Dillon Gee in a wig?
Probably similarly to Flo in TAR 3. That being said, I think Sash wins that F3.
There are two outs.
Colon will be gone when Wheeler comes back.
It took a weird bounce, but it didn't hit the base.
I'm clenching big time over here.
Is Grilli not the Braves closer?
Yeah, but don't teams normally save their closer in extra inning games on the road?
She died, dude.
I don't think it was people not getting the reference, I just think they didn't find it funny. I have a hard time believing that many people don't know that line. I mean, it's one of the sidebar pics, it's pretty much common knowledge.
It's always worth a shot. Worse case scenario, you don't get and you move on. Best case scenario, you get to have the adventure of a lifetime. The board game thing will probably help you stick out of the group, but it won't be enough to get you on by itself. I say just give it 100% and see what happens.
WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON!!!!!!!
Not if Noah Syndergaard has anything to say about it.
No. Go full All-Stars or full newbies. I can't stand FvF or the one returning player per tribe formats.
Men: * Sean Kenniff * Butch Lockley * Rory Freeman * James Miller * Dreamz Herd * Dan Kay * Jimmy Tarantino * Greg "Tarzan" Smith * Zane Knight * Drew Christy Women * Debb Eaton * Zoe Zanidakis * Lil Morris * Wanda Shirk * Lisi Linares * Gillian Larson * Kelly Shinn * Stacey Powell * Angie Layton * J'Tia Taylor
What the fuck Sandy.
I love your username &lt;3.
I'd be willing to do the Met rankings.
I'd be willing to accept your support for me doing the Mets rankings.
Paul Goldschmidt is my hero.
LOL Batista tried to deke and it cost him. He ain't no Murph.
Carlos Torres making the best offense in baseball look bad... not something I expected to see today.
I really don't get TdA not pinch hitting there.
Holy fuck.
Nah Cecil is the closer.
What exactly are you talking about?
We can't turn double plays anyway.
Best game I've seen this year. Awesome all around.
Debatable.
Smarjorie taught him that.
Wiglesworth.
FUCK YOUR DH
Big inning coming up with 2-3-4 in their order.
pretty much anything.
Damn what a break.
I can't wait for Mejia, Blevins, Black, and Carlyle to return.
I'm okay with that. Just keep it in the ballpark.
Keep throwing that curve Bobby. It's looking good.
His breaking ball was awesome tonight. It would be huge if he could step up and be a dominant eighth inning guy.
Niese and Colon the next two days in that ballpark against that lineup is less than inspiring.
&gt;I remember the rest of the tribe sticking whoever's foot it was into a pan of hot water to cauterize it. That sounds like Robbbbb and the stingray to me.
Lol
This is my first game since Tuesday (fuck work) and having no Gary is so weird.
Mr. Buckethead?
&gt;The ~~un~~stoppable force that is the Mets offense meets the ~~im~~movable object that is the Braves bullpen FTFY
At this point, I wish we had starters that could hit.
Too many walks. Bench that scrub. s/
I don't know why anyone in casting thought Mike Borassi was a good idea.
Wanda and Jonathan.
Kass and Spencer
Yeah but Rob and Amber weren't together before the show started. Probst and Savage are more like Ethan and Jenna, they were together before, during and after the show, but they won't ever address it.
I would hate to see the jury come back and influence the final immunity challenge the same way I hated the jury winning the F4 immunity challenge in S7. Once you are voted out, you should have no place in the game until the final 2, where you get to decide a winner. That is plenty of power in itself. The jury doesn't need any more.
The difference was that they knew neither of their votes mattered. Aras and Ethan were winning either way. Greg did it in a 4-3 vote.
Fuck that, we never should've let Carlos Delgado go.
Jon Niese isn't a very good pitcher.
I'm pretty sure that if we lose this series we'll be mathematically eliminated.
You're right, the Wilpons really have to start turning it around at the plate. At least work the count or something.
No, I don't. Could explain this trend a little further?
We should trade Gee for Maikel Franco. Too bad Sandy is too afraid to make a move.
Catcher had an America's Funniest Home Video's style nut shot.
Wilmer Flores has got to get Dilson to make that play.
Cuddyer could have handled that better.
Calling it now, ~~450 ft. bomb~~ a 3 pitch strikeout for Tejada here.
Larry Vanover has no idea what he's doing out there.
lol that bounced
Matt Harvey was also in that 2012 class.
&gt;If Black returns in the next 2 weeks, Parnell keeps progressing, and Familia continues to be his great self, Mejia will help form a solid back end of the bullpen. Now if we could only get Blevins back we would actually be loaded. Not to mention Montero and Carlyle, who were supposed to be solid pieces in this bullpen. &gt;In the meantime, I would like to see Verrett and Gilmartin get looks late in games because I think both of them have some upside. I don't know about Verrett, but I agree with you on Gilmatin. At this point I trust him much more than Alex Torres, and I would love to see Terry give Gilmartin the late game assignments that he has been giving Torres for most of the year.
This is not going very well so far.
I got everyone but A-Rod.
Good News: Metsbot is back! Bad News: Literally everything else.
CBS.com?
One game under .500 on June 25^th is far from a death sentence. Especially in this division, and with the amount of players we should have coming back in July.
Hype! Lets Go Matz! And the six man rotation is not nearly as big of a deal as people think. If they do it the same was they did it when Gee was here, it is really only a six day rotation, with every pitcher getting an extra day off between starts. If they have off days in the middle, then the sixth guy (which is all but definitely Jon Niese) will get skipped. I also don't think it will last longer than two weeks anyway, because Niese will probably be moved soon (because unlike Gee, Niese at least has some trade value). Either way, I'm freaking pumped to see Matz at the big league level.
We're about to get a good hitting 2B/3B in Daniel Murphy, and we might get another in Wright. I'm not comfortable in giving up Matz for a rental like Zobrist.
Shout out to Terry Collins for getting ejected so he couldn't fuck this game up by taking deGrom out too early.
&gt;Duda while he walks and gets on base but hasn't done much else. Lucas Duda hit 30 HRs last year and has had a 136 wRC+ both this year and last year. He is going through a slump now, but he is still very good at the plate. &gt;Murphy is gone next year and a just terrible defensively at any position. This makes me think you haven't seen a lot of Murphy at third. He's not Nolan Arenado over there, but he's pretty solid. &gt;Flores has some good clutch hits but he is still batting .248 and his OBP is something like .290. He's on pace to do a little better than a 2 win season. He's not a superstar, but he's serviceable at short. &gt;Herrera is good defensively but hasn't really been healthy to find out what he is with the bat yet Herrera is a bit of an unknown, but he plays good defense, he was a fairly highly rated prospect, and he's only 21. I have no problem with giving him a shot at second, and if he really falls flat on his face, Ruben Tejada is still a solid backup.
Syndergaard and deGrom have company.
A lineup of Granderson, Wright, Duda, d'Arnaud, Murphy, Cuddyer, Flores, Lagares, and the pitcher doesn't need another bat, especially with our pitching. That lineup is fine.
Holy shit is Grandy hot right now.
Their infield is getting torn apart.
Their infield is currently Tyler Moore, Dan Uggla, Ian Desmond (who has been terrible this year), and Danny Espinosa. Our infield is better right now.
No, it did not. That was Phillips.
In the least surprising news ever, Max Scherzer is perfect through 3.
Everyone slumps.
It's not a loss.
I agree, and I'm not saying it's bad, but that pre-merge is damn near perfect. I think if you were to rank all of the post merge survivor seasons, S2 falls somewhere in the middle of the pack with the F6 episode being the biggest strong point. while I think S2 is number one on the pre-merge season rankings (if that makes any sense).
The early seasons in general did the pre-merge a lot better than any other seasons. The top 5 pre-merges in my mind are probably Australia, Pearl Islands, Africa, Thailand, and Marquesas in that order.
I want to pick a second chances flair, just not enough to give up the one I have now.
No the other Drew.
Overachievers: Astros, Rays, Twins, Giants, and Yankees Underachievers: Mariners, Indians, Blue Jays, and Padres
&gt;Brenda is still gorgeous, which, really, is the only reason we know who she is in the first place. Anyone who watched Nicaragua and payed even a little attention knows this isn't true. Brenda was one of the biggest characters of that season.
&gt;anyone who doesn't think Lex is freaking amazing television 24/7 is watching it wrong, point blank. While I agree with you that Lex is the shit and one of my favorite contestants ever, this is kind of an unfair statement. As long as they can back them up, everyone is subject to their own opinions no matter how much you or I disagree with them.
Yeah, my name is Chicken too.
I went with just one timers and no winners. Men | Women ---|----- Marty Piombo | Holly Hoffman Ralph Kiser | Natalie Tenerelli Jim Rice | Christine Shields Markoski Jonas Otsuji | Chelsea Meissner Pete Yurkowski | RC Saint-Amour Reynold Toepfer | Allie Pohevitz Hayden Moss | Marissa Peterson LJ McKanas | Trish Hegarty Jon Misch | Baylor Wilson Rodney Lavoie | Jenn Brown
I know, and I did mention that in [this](http://www.reddit.com/r/baseball/comments/3bcue5/whos_the_most_surprising_team_in_baseball_this/csl0662) comment. That being said, I thought you guys were going to be head and shoulders above everyone else in that division, and that hasn't been happening yet.
I'd rather see Gilmartin here.
They did officially pull him yesterday. Ceciliani pinch hit for him IIRC.
Fuck. That. This isn't soccer, I want a winner and a loser.
I got a Nolan Ryan cookbook at a game a year or two ago.
... not a great start.
The whole Matz family is so freaking adorable.
I honestly think having a DH would hurt our lineup.
Finally we've got a guy who can get on base in front of Granderson.
Can I get a Grandpa Matz flair?
Send out Grandpa Matz for the ninth.
You'll have to pry Conforto from my cold, dead, hands.
No ABs, 2 Runs, No Hits, 2 RBIs.
I'm nervous as fuck about the LA and SF road trip coming up. Honestly, if we can get two wins out of that, I'll take it.
Then you obviously haven't been watching us play on the road.
Pitcher hitting eighth is killing them here.
Textbook surrender cobra.
That chick is 'mirin hard in the corner.
Jeff Samardzija.
Maybe, just with the combination of being back in the NL, getting to pitch in a big park, and even year magic I think he could surprise some people this year. Also I think you meant 2014 instead of 2013. His ERA was over 4 in 2013.
"Kalabaw used psychology on us and it worked!" -Abi-Maria
There is literally nothing Brett can do about Russell finding 18 idols and John Fincher being a moron.
Sash got zero votes because of [mortgagegate](https://ginacarbone.wordpress.com/2010/11/29/survivor-nicaragua-spoilers-mystery-solved-sash-offers-to-pay-janes-mortgage-if-she-votes-for-him/).
It's funny, because Tasha's line about "the fans would want us to go to the end together" (paraphrasing) is the EXACT opposite of what I would have wanted her to do. Tasha or Spencer blind siding Jeremy any time from final 7 to the end of the game would have been awesome TV.
To me, a goat is anyone that aligns with, and wants to go to the end with anyone that they no chance at beating. There was never any way (at least from what I saw) that Spencer was beating Jeremy, but he wanted to go to the end with him anyway. Clay was a goat because he wanted to go to the end with Brian, despite having no shot at Helen, Ted, Jan, or Jake's vote when he sat in the final 2 with him. I don't like to use "dragged to the end" as a requirement for being a goat, because whether someone is dragged to the end is subject to opinion and can sometimes just be a product of the edit a player got.
It is harder, but good players have the ability to read a jury and decide who they can beat and who they can't. If you don't have that kind of awareness you really have no shot at winning.
Don't worry about it, takeovers don't really officially start until the Mets get one anyway.
Bagwell was 71.6%
I say we just get rid of all the mods and have no rules.
Zane was *this* close to being the Survivor equivalent to Dr Will.
Not necessarily. There were reports earlier I the off season that the Nats would try to move Storen and Pap, but they have since died down. I feel like if the Nats get the right deal they could still trade him.
Except then you have people ask you when you think they will die on the spot like your some sort of fortune teller and you have to explain to them that that is not how it works. As someone who gets the question of what is an actuary/actuarial science a lot, I usually just tell them it's someone who works with numbers for an insurance company.
Hoffman was at 67.3% on his first ballot. He's getting in.
&gt;Congrats to [Team Unknown] for acquiring 4 1/2 years of Chen ~~next winter~~ this July! FTFY
Upvote party?
"Bartolo"
If that happens I hope the Mets turn around and sign Desmond just out of spite.
That's fair. What other than seeing all of the seasons makes her a good player?
Nah, Harper is too much fun to root against. I hope he stays right where he is for the rest of his career. On the Nats, and in second place.
Upton is not signing a one year deal. Heck, he'll probably get more than Cespedes.
&gt;But if they sign an impact player to a short term contract, the money will be freed up before they need to sign deGrom long term. Yes, but just because the money is freed up doesn't mean it wasn't already used. The $100-75M that they spend on Cespedes is still $100-75 that they can't spend on pitching, regardless of the year it is spent. Again, I'm just thinking of the hypothetical that the Wilpons believe that their options are to spend now on hitting, or spend later on pitching. Whether this is true or not is really impossible to know at this point. Maybe the Wilpons really are in insane debt and they can't afford any of these guys no matter what. Maybe they are they made a ton of money last season and are just being cheap assholes. Maybe it's somewhere in between. Your guess is as good as mine, but I don't think it's fair to just make assumptions about the financial situation when we really have no idea.
I'm not trying to discredit her for finding idols, I'm just saying finding idols is so random that it is hard to find it impressive, and playing them when you're getting votes is common sense (although your point about Joe is true, that was very impressive). It's like saying Fabio is a great survivor player because he won the challenges at the end. Sure he did do that, and that deserves credit, but he also got very lucky that he never got a challenge down the stretch that Chase, Holly, or Sash were better at. Luck plays a HUGE part in how a Survivor season goes, but that doesn't mean that we should consider every fortuitous bounce for a player to be great game play. It was a good job doing what she did with her idols, but it wasn't exactly genius.
I feel like it's actually the opposite of a "mob mentality". There are very clearly people on this sub who don't like Kelley, and there are clearly people on this sub that really like Kelley. And that is a very good thing. This sub would get boring if everyone had the same opinion about everything. I've seen posts supporting Kelley get upvotes, and critical posts about Kelley get upvotes, and that's good because they all contribute to the discussion. Reddit doesn't have to be one big hivemind, it can be a bunch of people with differing opinions. The sub hasn't "turned against Kelley", there are just people that don't like her having their opinion being heard.
In hindsight, that seems like a pretty good move.
Sorry, I meant first team to win 4 or 5 games wins the series. So best of 7 and 9.
Well, if you're going to make the DS 7 games, and the WS 9 games, and you don't want to be playing in mid-November, you have to cut back on the regular season.
Lol no he isn't. Spencer definitely has his fair share of fans on this sub.
De Aza and Lagares have been above average against righties and lefties respectively for the past two years. "Solidly above average" isn't the ceiling, it's the expectation. And yes, you're right about the right-handed outfielder, but that player doesn't need to be a starter. A cheap bench bat would be fine filling that role.
[Paul Lo Duca: Boogie Shoes.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7vHlqBt8mO0)
It also probably means that Cespedes is going to look for a deal similar to what Upton just got, which the Mets will never offer him.
I'm confident that somebody will give him a deal similar to what Upton just got. Whether it's the White Sox, Astros, Angles, or a good ol' fashion Mystery Team, somebody it going to give Cespedes 5+ years and over $100M.
Oh yeah that's my bad Katie definitely votes for Tina. I'll edit that now.
Robb Zbacnik alone saves Thailand from being least funny.
I'm not saying that all Yankee fans hate the Mets. Clearly not all fans have the same opinions. I'm just talking about how there are Yankee fans out there that will claim that the Mets have little brother syndrome and it's a one sided rivalry when that isn't really the case. Both fan bases have sides that hate the other team and both fan bases have sides that don't care about (or sometimes even like) the other team. I guess what I mean is that in my original comment, when I said "they", I meant it in a plural sense instead of a singular sense.
If he's still around, David Wright.
This would be an ideal scenario. I *think* I can live with one year of Yoenis in center. Anymore than that would be too much. Let's hope he comes back, is awesome for a year, and then leaves to go play left field for a team that actually needs a left fielder.
