Wrong on so many levels. Sure, create an economic incentive so a market is held afloat, yadda yadda... but these are coral dwelling fish. You have to actually dive to catch or snag them on a barb. That kind of activity is dangerous to the coral area, possibly as much of the lionfish is itself. It's replacing one top predator with another, because those diving spear fisherman certainly dont' stop with lion fish. Also, it's probably not going to reduce the population, once the fish has a foot hold in an area.... it's nearly impossible to remove them.
Yeah, there is always some place more expensive.
I'm sure somebody has already mentioned this, but check out the IRS tax brackets. I'm not even sure what I'm about to write is true and honest, it could be a myth for all I know. However, from my past personal experience (read uninformed assumptions) I had accepted a higher paying job at another place that was wonderful. But it seemed I was actually earning less money. I was not sure how that could be at the time. It seemed I was paying more in tax, and perhaps in my insurance program (slightly). Indeed, I had transitioned into a higher tax bracket and the amount of more money I was earning was cancelled out by the increase in tax. Again, this might be complete BS, but it's something that I remember happening at the time, but other factors like inflation and whatever also cause the cost of living to increase. So it could be I was just spending more on everyday minor things, and only noticed after changing jobs. Anyways, that is also a good point. Take into account the rate of inflation and whatever cost-of-living metrics migth be available for your area. Cost of living is variable that seems different for people in different places, so look into that. Anyway, try to findout the difference in the cost of living when you started that existing cube surfing job, and then project what you need to improve or sustain what you had when you started there. Also combine that with the federal tax bracket stuff. After that, you can factor in thing like insurance, and you can get a rough idea of what your monthly take-home would be. It's a hard problem, and frankly most people just take the leap without calculations and see how things play out afterward.
I've got ITIL foundation, and it's great! I'd say it was more a philosophical cert than anything else, and it worked for me. It changed my mind on how to do things, and formed me into a better tech worker.
I used to do that, but it doesn't work. The problem seems to be that the Synology Operating System lives on or otherwise depends on... the storage volume instead of of to the side in separate storage (E.G. nvram, emmc, etc). So anytime the OS has to log an event, such as NTP, or dynamic DNS, or whatever other conveniences... it has to spin up the storage. Hopefully future devices separate the storage from the OS completely.
I always name my bash scripts: script.bash. Always name my ksh scripts: script.ksh And if there is ever any ambiguity, I've seen people even puth shell versioning info in the file name. * script.bash4 * script.ksh93 And only the posixly compliant scripts, which is a brain damaged standard IMHO, would ever be named .sh Do you really shell script to the posix standard? IF not, stop calling your scripts .sh
That number is impressive! Good for them! Achieving such a great amount of wealth is admirable. Especially via legal ways, regardless if the legality is morally aligned with the spirit of the law, or even if the spirit of the law is deluded in this day and age of multinational corporations. Tax havens are pretty cool things, and my only wish is they were more accessible to average citizens. After all it's practically our civic duty to pay the least amount of tax legally possible in whatever locality. I don't complain about other people doing a great job on their yearly tax filing, maximizing their tax returns, just the same as I don't criticize corporations for effectively doing the same thing. There is the issues of wealth inequality, which is a worthy issue that merits discussion. However it's difficult when people polarize on the issues, because the extreme polar ends of each position is too radical, and always the rational middle ground is left empty. Presently the problem is not solvable, at least not in an acceptable way. Multinational corporations always have the threat to pull their roots and HQ elsewhere. It's a gambit that keeps the government in check, raise taxes too much and POOF they're gone, and their tax revenues go with them. Similar to large multinational banks. The banks are too big to fail, and that is sustained because if we force the banks smaller, well there is always another multinational big bank principally based in another place that does not have to reduce size, and will then dominate the market. It's all classic game theory.
Yeah, there are also lightning deals on stolen canon lens from that lens shop the other day. (joking)
yep, I could. That, or an eMMC. Which is basically the same thing as an SD card except soldered onto the pcb and slightly faster. I'm pretty sure there is some off to the side nvram for storing factory reset data. That way the system can be recovered if all the drivers are pulled and replaced, etc. But it mostly does initial setup, and lays down the OS on the storage volume.
&gt; but I keep at it because I believe I'd be alone for a long time without her and am, frankly, afraid of that. It doesn't help that she's also told me much the same.. that I would be alone without her. That raised a red flag for me. I'd let her know in no uncertain terms that she is replaceable. If she really loves you, then she would let you go peacefully. The money is not an issues in this discussion, and you should tell her to continue working and supporting herself.
great!
&gt; DHCPv6 also wasn't an afterthought for IPv6 or a hold over from IPv4. Yes it was. Don't try to re-write history to align your bias or prejudices.
&gt; The thing is a few times my mother has tried to access my bank account or make passes at me like I owe her for raising me and putting a roof over my head etc. etc. That is a huge red flag. Here is the thing, you are going down the road of being secretive, and that is not a wise move. However, if still depend on your mother and/or father for anything... shelter, food, tuition, bail money, just whatever.... then you could perhaps justify being secretive. The first thing is to get a PO box for your mail, or even a commercial main-drop (ups store, etc). Then setup new bank accounts pointing to the personal mail box. Nobody is ever going to see any paper statements, or bulk advertising, or whatever might be sent by the banks or their agents. This is the critical first step. So when you setup a bank account, get one of the online accounts, and setup paperless statements. Now that mail-drop should in theory be mostly empty, which is a good thing. Because even if somebody attempted to change your address, your statements are safe. Change all your online passwords, and do it immediately. This is a tough suggestion, but it seems you are in an environment where some of your family might have no problem using your account and passwords. Simply change them ALL, and make them all be different from one another. The best advice here is to use a password management app. They usually have strong encryption, and a master password to protect all the rest. Setup new email addresses, but keep your main email. Just setup new email address on any of the free services. Have your banks use these new emails for any online corospondance. When you check these alternate emails, be very careful not to leave any traces. Don't let your browser cache the login details. You don't want a situation where somebody snooping yoru computer might stumble upon the strange lookign login details. For that matter, dont' let anybody use yoru computer, or cell phone, EVER! Those are your personal things. But if that is an issue... then if you do all the above, your devices should look clean to anybody snooping, though that shit should be discouraged as a matter of default policy. If you ever are in a position to loan somebody a bit of money, always always assume the money is gone forever once you hand it over. So always have in your wallet just enough money that you're fine to lose. When you do give money, always make a huge deal of it, be dramatic, and persistent about pay back. Always remind the people you loan that they owe you. This feed-=back loop will reinforce your resolve to be paid back, and it discourages repeated loan requests because it's such a huge drama to deal with you. If anybody ever fails to pay back, then simply stop communicating with that person, and possibly get revenge. I would also advise you to take collateral for any loan, but remember you only ever loan small amounts... but take expensive items for collateral. Let it be known you will pawn that shit. Always get this kind of thing in writing, collateral or not.... take receipts and make petty contracts. But the best thing of all is not to loan any money, I just want to convey the wrong ways and the right ways to make personal loans. You are not made of money, and you should never flaunt your relative wealth. But the problem is you will soon be held back by these people, and you need to move on. I know some of them are family and I'm guessing some friends too. You really shouldn't have to hide anything. And you shouldn't have to feel guilty for having some small measure of success. It is what it is, and that's a fact, so it goes.
That is not even close to being all of the bars or restaurants. Looks like the first page of many
Great stuff, thanks!
unless bob1 was using screen, and root took control of that session.
My understanding is the baby males are taken away to become veal, as they add little productivity to the farm, and would suck away valuable milk while their sale is a profit. The baby females are kept on the farm to eventually become productive, so those cows with female babies are allowed to feed. So it's more of a 50/50 split.
Yeah, it's really based on acyclic graphs theory, which have very graduated set of maths describing them. Once it was boiled down to a math problem it was easy to optimize. Also to be clear, git uses hashes (non-indexed data structures), and hashes of files (checksums). The beauty of acyclic graphs is they can only go forward or back, so perfect for complex sets to rev forward or back in time.
VMware works on Fedora, but the agents might need an update for 23. I'd say go with KVM or XEN instead so you have the 100% free/open virtualization solution that is just as good (if not better). 4k is really intensive on the current generation of GPU's, so you would need at least two of whatever GPU you're into. Currently Nvidia has good proprietary and open drivers for you to choose, but I'd urge you to go with the open drivers, they work very well. Yes, of course you can do raid-1 mirroring, the setup program will guide your through the setup. Fedora is a very up-to-date distro, things happen in Fedora first, and updates are by an objective measure happening very soon after upstream release. That said, the distro is very stable because of a good set of policies for packagers.
I've heard this is material from the lens barrel coming off inside. So a defect worthy of an exchange. Any new lens should be 100% perfect.
That would be raid 15, which is silly. Raid 10 would be faster without parity bits.
A script I wrote to do exactly this, but it also permutated the MAC addr, so good luck... If the badguy is using my script the mac addr is meaningless. Better to get on the switch and trace the ports leading to dhcp server, and then find out which is the source port.
I dunno... kinda split on this issue. On the one hand it's basic human decency to provide bathroom breaks at any time during work. But.... paying for that time seems unfair to the employer.... I say that because I've had to wait to use a toilet 15 or 20 minutes as to two available in my work place were taken by two individuals who were seen leaving the toilet stall with their tablets. Basically sitting on the shitter, reading the internet, having a break. So just pointing out that this system is gamed by morally deficient people. But putting that aside, telemarketing companies operate by login/logout of the phone.... a timer in the phone is the clock-in/out mechanism. So as the employee is login, and in the ready state... they are paid. So when you step away from the desk, you sign out... So it makes perfect sense to not pay for those times away from the desk. So long as the employee can do that at any time, at will, for any reasons..... bathroom or not. That seems perfectly fair, and I personally feel the labor dept is wrong in their rules. But it's not too bad, the telemarketing industry will simply invent a new phone status of bathroom-break instead of singout.
bingo
The HP chromebook with TEgra K1 has been discontinued, so you might find it for a good price. The howto wiki I wrote to get FEdora working should work the same for that laptop, so long as the right DTB for tegra124-nyan-blaze is used.
Gnome developers work on the Fedora implementation, and apparently they like the theme we have. PErsonally, I don't dislike the default at all, and quite frankly the ability to install other themes is available for anybody who wishes something different.
No, You were correct... "Right to Work" might sound strange to folks in those states, because they are low on oppressive union. Of course you have the right to work, or not work... it's your choice, not your Union's choice.
The repo meta data is signed every time the repo is changed. EVERY TIME! To expand on thei meta data, we are talking about xml files that have the sha256sum of every package in the repo. We don't want those files to be hacked, no altering the sha256sum information to something incorrect. So it's imperative we sign the metadata! I'm not sure I understand all the other bullet points. But Regarding the last one, the mirrors. We have the master copy of the repo which is ONLY made available to the top tier or mirrors with they very fast internet connection. Fedora does make a repo available to the public, but we have an arbitrarily slow connection speed there on purpose to encourage folks to use a mirror. So then there is a 2nd tier of mirrors, they also have very fast internet connections. but they don't get the distribution early like the top tier mirrors get. When a new release happens, we let the 1st top tier mirrors get the bits ahead of schedule, we use something called bit flipping to make sure nobody gets the bits. Once the flood gates open the other mirrors down the way get their copies quickly, and then the users.
This has nothing to do with Linux.
Not within ChromeOS. Fedora runs directly on the hardware. Hi, I wrote that wiki page. Thanks.
Yeah, we have a big mass rebuild thanks to the new GCC6 being added to the distro. A mass rebuild is nice though.
yeah, I was planning to use stainless wirebrush actually. Or maybe those fancy layered padded diamond pads. for sure not a standard grinding wheel. I'm hoping to get the Lodge pan rehabilitated
use play store to install Prey. Then see if you can somehow get that to work. I'm pretty sure Prey can unlock a device remotely.
I've talked to people about it, and was told nspawn was really just a test harness for systemd testing of things, but it was useful so it stayed round. This is highly paraphrased, so grains of salt or even totally wrong.
No I don't get this. ChromeOS is software, Chromebook is hardware. Fedora certainly does not run in ChromeOS, however there is context here... because Crouton, a Ubuntu spin, does indeed run from within ChromeOS (a fulyl graphical chroot inside a chrome browser tab). So I definitely get it, but I'm not sure you're fully informed. Hopefully this helps you get the implication or entailment.
Huh?
I'm afraid your so-called point is a bit ambiguous. You certainly went off on your perceived relationship of software versus hardware naming schemes. If your point was about something else, then perhaps you should have ranted about that instead.
What does this leave in terms of legal purchase &amp; ownership? In what circumstances would a ~~gun~~ riffle be able to legally have a detachable magazine? Lever action repeaters, and/or bolt action?
From what I hear, this place promotes legal gun ownership and stuff like that... comments like that just fuel the rhetoric of those who seek to repress legal gun owners.
Actually I read a statistic that claims there are more people from California now living in Austin that Texans. I have no idea if that is true or not, but I wouldn't be surprised if it were actually true, or even slightly inacurate....
&gt; A proposed bill in New York aims to require that all smartphones sold in the state can be decrypted or unlocked by law enforcement. The bill, currently in the senate's committee stage, must pass through both New York's state senate and assembly in order to become law. The first paragraph of that website posed in OP is totally wrong! The law does not require that law enforcement be able to decrypt a smart phone. The law is all about the smartphone manufacture, or OS provider, being able to decrypt the smartphone at the precise moment of sale or lease. Also the law seems to require manufactures or OS providers to tell consumers that encrypting the smart phone is a violation of terms and conditions (this is probably unconstitutional, because it amounts to compelled speech). There is no language in the proposed law that has anything to do with law enforcement issues. The law itself is structured under the premise of consumer protection, which is strange, because ironically weakening end-to-end encryption hurts consumers. The only language in the proposed law that has any dealing with law enforcement is related to who exclusively can enforce the proposed law if it should take effect, and that is state and local prosecutors. Although the implication seems clear enough, just wanted to clear this gross miss-characterization of the proposed law.
Good on you for sharing the lead, even though you didn't take it.
So apparently open carry has always been legal, so long as justifiable... I've seen a guy walk into a bank with bags of money, openly holster his hand gun. He was not any kind of armored vehicle driver, just a cowboy type looking guy. Nobody panicked, he made his deposit of a large sum, and left. I asked my teller about that, she said it's common actually for people who carry over 10k cash, some exemption in the law.
I was coming here to say exactly this, thanks! Actually disagree with the federal laws on discrimination, because they violate one of the founding rights of America which was the freedom of association. But I get it, if we have unregulated free association, we have the kind of discrimination that we don't see today... the truly repressive kind. Oh well.
So I've installed Fedora on a Asus gaming laptop, it worked just fine. I have seen some laptops recently with inoperable touchpads, but those were fixed in a recent 4.4 kernel.
Agreed. Lets not let software snobs ruin computer research.
So the unetboot part seems legitimate, but I thought Android was a free license, meaning people are free to take and modify without posting sources? There might be an attribution clause, but not anything about sources.
The terms of the GPL2 do not mandate the sources have to accompany the binary, or that they go together in the same way. The sources for unetboot could be provided on punch cards distributed via fax machines. Yes some people have tried doing that kind of thing before, jerks. Anyhow... Android is not under the GPL, save for things like the Linux kernel.
It's available in rawhide, or you can build a mainline kernel. I'll ask around internally to see who is using that laptop. I know a few folks in the project using that one because it has a lot of memory (good for VMs). I suspect the touchpad thing might have been fixed in a recent 4.3 kernel (back ported).
Hi /u/jasonMSN Does Azure have any future plans to host Aarch64/32 guests?
I agree with you, I'd rather have mandatory vaccination, and that is the end-goal I want to see in my lifetime. I think Texas can follow California in enacting tough rules from people who refuse to vaccinate. Basically no public school, or state accredited day-care facility can accept non-vaccinated children. It's very similar to what I proposed above. But you're correct in observing how the non-vaccinated are present in society, and there is nothing that can be done about that. But wrong about mandatory vaccinations, that cannot be forced either... people can go totally off the grid and avoid vaccinations if they choose. I doubt it will ever come down to sheriffs serving non-vaccination warrants to parents, I don't want to live in a place like that. For now I'd rather allow people to not vaccinate, but that would have more disincentives that weight against their conscience objections. Refusing to vaccinate would be a scarlet letter of the modern age.
Yeah, hopefully.
Weird. Why not portion out reasonable sized pieces of ham placed in freezer bags, then unfreeze them one at a time? Would improve quality, and food safety. Kinda no brainer really.
Depends on your opinion of "Free" and the bootloader.
Seems weird to install any app that is so into app permissions as the facebook app. I never did install it because I was so scared about it lookign at my address book. That is one thing I would like to avoid any app getting access.
So Googling around I found an [FDA page that lists a few emulsifying agents](http://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfcfr/CFRSearch.cfm?fr=133.179) &gt; (e) The emulsifying agents prescribed in paragraph (a) of this section are one or any mixture of two or more of the following: Monosodium phosphate, disodium phosphate, dipotassium phosphate, trisodium phosphate, sodium metaphosphate (sodium hexametaphosphate), sodium acid pyrophosphate, tetrasodium pyrophosphate, sodium aluminum phosphate, sodium citrate, potassium citrate, calcium citrate, sodium tartrate, and sodium potassium tartrate, in such quantity that the weight of the solids of such emulsifying agent is not more than 3 percent of the weight of the pasteurized process cheese spread. Has anybody here worked with any of those, and can contrast/compare the results of them? (I dont' think all of them are relevant to sauce making)
They use kernelci lately. Most of the higher maintainers have a beefy box they use to build/test every single staged push request. Automation then looks over those build logs for build warnings, and of course any build errors. IT would be unwise to dispatch a pull request to the Linus tree with obvious warnings or build failures. He does occasional audit the pulls from his top maintainers, who are supposed to be doing their part to audit the code given to them, which is a mad-house of nauseating mail-list patch reviews.
I wonder if there is any kinda of content protection scheme having false positive in the HDCP bitstream..... What kind of display are you using?
So I applaud your sensitivity to the roommate, however.... It's entirely reasonable to cook food in the kitchen, and unless your cooking is very intensely aromatic of exotic or unusual spices... then you're not being unreasonable. So it's not really about your cooking. Sometimes young people are not used to living with others not part of their own family, and have boundary issues they express in really passive aggressive ways. It can be very petty sometimes, including: one roommate eat another's private food stock from pantry/refrigerator, leaving a mess in kitchen or common areas, music/noise levels, unwanted guests, etc... You have to be accommodating, and expect a certain level of reasonable accommodation yourself. The first thing is you need to make sure your are being an excellent roommate, by respecting the other roommate, but this all falls into reasonable things and does require effort. Make sure you clean after yourself, that you are not loud or disruptive in the mornings or evenings, and that you don't the other roommates food without permission. If you are an excellent roommate then you stand on the high ground, and when you do reasonable things that receive a complaint... you can simply say "I'm sorry you feel that way".
it would become shitty as soon as one attempts cutting the cake. Would require laserbeems to cut properly.
hehe... I don't know about you but Mac'n'Gouda sounds really interesting. Id' eat it.
Thanks, I've removed this post. Clearly vote manipulating.
Fake, so not actually WTF... just makes me say "fake".
See rule #10 (removed)
I always carry bear spray when I ride, for ... you know... bear attacks..... wink, nudge, nod... The spray goes straight some 20 or 30 feet ... perfect for going in ~~somebody's open window~~ a bear's face, from far away.
See rule #5
This is not Linux related, not even tangentially.
See rule #1
See rule #1
If you have some negative perception to a word that correctly describes what is technically happening, and imply that it' usage in speech is some kind of mementic insult, as if it's not being correctly applied... Well... that is you in isolation. Call it whatever else you want, but it's a mandantory chain of trust based on x509 certs, and it prevents Fedora packages that bring extensions. There are ways we might be able to cope with the problem, but it would involve exposing signing keys in the Fedora build root, and that is really ugly. We talked about it today in the weekly fedora-releng meeting. Still pondering our way forward.
The tweek tool app is the way to configure session startup apps in Gnome. If you have something starting by other means, well... you have to close that hole yourself, as it's obviously not a standard config.
See rule #1
How is this even remotely Linux related? (removed)
Civil debts? Where did the OP ever mention that? I read about bench warrants, and other criminal warrants... but did not see any civil debt? Did you infer something that specifically written?
Yeah, but if he was still being a jerk about it... Id' have called the cops too, what else is there to do... but you're right. The article made seem that she went straight for the nuclear option, which only escalated the issue.
There are churches all over town, you cannot walk a mile without running into some church. Go to any one of them, I'm sure they will not refuse your money..... err... donations.
Yeah, and what is interesting is the context of the worst case is actually good, because Texas is in the process of resetting the way it measures performance, to something higher/harder. So if prior years were ranked very highly, then we change our own reporting standards... well of course the new bad rank was last years great rank. Context really matters.
That is probably part of it. Another aspect is genuinely safety related. But honestly it's more about protecting from law suites. For example, If a user enhances his vehicle software, then goes on to cause a fatal accident... the automaker could be sued for allowing the users to make dangerous programming changes. So, following that line of reasoning, the only way to openup the software would be to have street legal software. Meaning the automakers would have to pass rigorous software safety standards, like we have crash tests today, and a safety certification would be issues for any given release of the software. Naturally mechanics could enhance the software, but would have to pass the rigorous safety certification process to install into a street legal vehicle. This is probably the worst case scenario, and actually what will more likely happen is a bit of field serviceable things in software, changing parameters, etc... like we have today.
Interesting, but sadly my brain instantly thought about the recent Microsoft/Redhat deal where the official C# implementation would be ported to Linux for cloud stuff.
No, that's not what I wrote, and did not remotely suggest or imply that. The child has nothing to do with anything here, it's between the mother and father. The mother owns the phone, and delegated the device to her child. So from the mother's perspective the phone is stolen. That is a situation for the police. and that is what I would have done if I were the mother. From that perspective that it's insane the father prevailed in criminal court, but other circumstances we considered and apparently were relevant enough to weight the judge or jury's decision.
nope.
Or like that time people said "fuck Digg" ??
Not sure the current employer can compel a departing employee to disclose the next employer, if any.
Do whatever it takes to survive. You're living check to check now, so make the money last. Apply for food stamps right away. Be completely transparent with your friend family regarding your income, and give the whatever they feel is fair to them. You completely depend on these people, so make sure to be excellent to them, and around them. Start saving money right away with next pay check. Get your mail forwarded to new address, and consider renting a mail box at the post office. Get a free checking account.
My favorite part is the starship looks very similar to a Gabriel's trumpet. That is an interesting shape that is finite and yet not, it has a needle that goes asymptotically to zero but not quite ever getting there, so paradoxically finite surface, infinite volume. Anyways, it's subtle little things like that which make SG Atlantis really great.
This was heavily reported, and removed for rule violation. Just wanted to say thanks /r/programming readers, your reports are valuable.
&gt; ~Went meatless. Look it's not that hard. It is so much less expensive.... Look, this is /r/PeresonalFinance and not /r/rant_about_veganism, and to be quite frank this is why nobody likes vegans except other vegans. We here are interested about how to save money, and you said that on the first breath. Nothing more was required, or desired. Your opinion on nutrition is irrelevant to the point you are making about not eating meat saves money. BTW - Thank you for the tips. I especially appreciate how you call around to lower your debt obligations by simply asking.
Uh... I guess that might be a thing, but it's still weird. I mean, green soy beans (edamame) have more protein than steak. Doesn't everyone know that!
This is why we need to setup a V6 tunnel brokerage between folks with native V6 and those without. A short of onion router that does the V6 tunneling. But the ideas has a lot of challenging problems, such as bandwidth, and security. In my mind it would only work for folks in the same region, to comply with Netflix rules, but really it could end up being a huge distributed V6 VPN. The idea is most to take away the idea of blocking by V6 prefix, least Netflix block all V6
You should know the admin account, you presumably setup this device. You will lose data if you reset. Consider using your own network equipment instead to replicate your old env.
I'd rather read an actual news paper, and by that I mean real paper not the website. At least those ads I can gloss over, ignore or enjoy, and not be tracked across the internet via cookies. But then again, probably better to go elsewhere and not contribute to this type of thinking.
Hi /u/loganabbott Thanks for taking steps to restore Source Forge to something credible. At some point I seem to remember a lot of projects moving off SF as the "upstream" to somewhere else. Now Github is the popular upstream, and SF might still have a mirrored repo. What ideas do you have to invert that situation and have new projects land on SourceForge?
This is a problem with sci-fi in general. Firstly the world of sci-fi is broadly defined as many different things to different types of people. We got the Space opera types, the space marine types, the fantasy types, the cerebral types, retro steam machine types, alien invasion types, and it just goes on and on.... I'd say Dark Matter is a spaceship opera. So the same category as Trek, Firefly, Lexx, Battle Star Galactica, etc... As far as ratings go, I'd put it on par with Firefly, and that is a high mark. Well see how it goes, and I'm hopeful because unlike Firefly Dark Matter won a second season. That said one of the reasons FireFly is so good is it went out on top with only one season, it's a paradox of sorts.
Well firstly, you need to be polite but firm with your management staff. When this kind of thing happens, you must call it out, and politely request compensation or reasonable explanation. You might want to get in the habit of signing and dating your time sheets, then making photo copies, or snapping a picture with your phone. This sends a subtle message to managers your keeping records. The bottom line is you did the work, you have a wage, so you should expect to be paid for time served. IF you were working a contract that goes by some other terms, then that is different.
oh yeah, like selinux.... lol
Whoa, that is a much better picture all around, thanks! Those bulbs look really cool, are they the vintage style bulbs you can pay a little extra? I've seen something like those at my area big box home store, and always wanted to try them. Looks like a nice warm light, but does it throw off a harsh shadows or anything bean into your eyes, and do they dim?
Awesome! Can you make a video of this thing in action?
If a gym membership can be strongly correlated to persons with lower risk of healthcare expense, then sure... it's worth looking into.
I'm always amused by news about some Broadway musical. These things are nice to know about, but they are pretty much irrelevant to anybody outside of NY. Not being a hater, just saying... and good for them for being so successful, had to throw that in there.
https://www.sixflags.com/hurricaneharborla/store/tube-rentals
https://www.sixflags.com/hurricaneharborla/store/tube-rentals
Huh... last time I tried that program it was not very good, but it seems decent now
You're welcome, and I'm really glad it was not the IPv6. I think there is a setting some place to control the journal database size, so that it rotates/archives more or less aggressively. Good luck!
I have a question, why doesn't the space station make the cargo pods modular, and build out an ever grown branch of cargo pods to enlarge the station? It seems to me it would just be a few 6-way couplers, and perhaps some neck segments to space the couplers apart on two sides to make it happen. The couplers could be sent up with every cargo mission, and the neck segments too on alternating missions.
Um... I guess you could go into research in some related field. NLP is pretty hot right now, and that does not exactly have to involve doing code.
Stay classy Germany. Thinly veiled nationalism, slightly more overt religious supremacy &amp; bigotry, with a dash of racism. Or at least that is how it appears to me, especially given the context that it was an all womens/girls water exercise class. As if that matters at all, or perhaps the burqini would be permissible in the presence of men which only exposes the moral relativism of the German officials. To me this is like banning a particular hair style, or like banning leather jackets.... so long as the hair style is predominant of a minority group
Just go into the boot menu, and select the factory reset options, or wipe the device from there.
Both your proposed options sounds really idealistic. Before I go any farther with my suggestion, see this recent video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CVEuPmVAb8o Now that you've watched and absorbed that message.... It sounds like you have a passion for music, but that didn't work out, and you've identified that. Good start! Don't give up on music, it can be a fine hobby, and who knows you might make some decent material when your not under pressure to do so. Anyways, you should exit the tattoo artist thing gracefully, finish any appointments, and move forward. That is a fine profession, and you can maybe do some tattoo stuff while pursuing your studies, but don't let that lifestyle distract you, and you know what I'm talking about! I'd say you might just close the chapter completely; Move to a new city, start school with a modest workload you can handle, live as frugally as you can handle but not too much, and most of all you won't be distracted by those people you leave behind. I'll be frank with you, the reason I suggest you move is because of your windfall inheritance is like winning the lottery, and sometimes it's better to just not let anybody know, and for you I think you might consider riding off into the sunset. Your young enough to do it, you have the means to support yourself, so get out of that scene your in. Keep long distance touch with some of the better friends, and maybe come back to visit one in a while, but move your home base far away, out of state preferably. BTW - you you already had some school, or experience running a business, I'd say go for that... but you don't, and most new business fail. We don't want you to fail, so go to school, save as much money as you can.... invest the money you won't need, like 400k can go into a mix of investment vehicles, you live on the remaining 100k, and work on the side.
I think Microsoft is tired of feeding Steam, and their own App store is a joke, or so I'm told. (I'm a Linux PC user &amp; Sony console gamer) This is yet another reason Valve needs to push their SteamOS hard on OEM's and hardware vendors. If they can produce a laptop that does games, and incidentally does productivity apps or whatever a young person would need for school.... they could own! And, that would be ironic considering the founder of Valve is left Microsoft employment to start Valve.
What is your setup for moving the camera during the times lapse? I'm trying to get into doing that myself, and I'm going with a DIY stepper motor on a piece of extruded aluminum track. Your camera motions are so tangential, and I want to get a clue how your setup those shots. I mostly only do time lapse, and I really respect your work. Keep going, amazing!
I guess different strokes for different folks. I know people who are very active on Linkedin, and I've never ever understood the appeal. Always chalk it up to something I simply don't get, but 25 Billion seems ludicrous.
I'm somewhat skeptical, yet cautiously optimistic. Food scientists have been going two different directions on grains, mostly in the direction oh high yield grains, but there has always been the folks cultivating for nutritional value. So I'm a bit skeptical that bakers are suddenly driving innovation in grain science. They might be pushing the industry towards this topic, but they are certainly not innovating. But anyways, milling grain closer to the consumers is totally awesome! I've always wanted to build my own DIY grain mill, they are not that hard really. And yeah, one would always have to adapt the recipe because this is not industrial baking anymore.
That is pretty cool. The kind I'm hoping to one day DIY build is similar to this: https://www.amazon.com/Komo-25-KOMOCLASSIC-KoMo-Classic-Grain/dp/B00GH11O7E The price is outrageous for maybe $50 in materials, and that is why people build their own.
Meh... I use Linux on my desktop, don't have these kind of issue. Sorry bro!
Pay off the car loan. It's a myth that a larger down payment helps when mortgaging a home. Of course a large down payment does help a lot, but the very best thing for a mortgage is to aggressively pay down the principle. Especially in the early part of the loan life cycle, because the more you reduce the interest, it sort of compounds (in a good way) over the rest of the loan, reducing your monthly interest, and shortening the life of the loan. So pay off the car note, and have extra cash on hand each monthly cycle that you can use toward your principle. Before you know it your extra payments will substantially catch up to what ever extra you put in the down payment, and then some!
I always get pink and purple cables. Pink because they are never get stolen, and it's a great colour for denoting certain kinds of traffic.
Well this somewhat suggests some bias or prejudice to a type of diet, and that is kinda shitty. So actually the diet I'm on has a huge cost, which is high protein with low carbohydrate. This is no FAD diet, as by now the ideas and concepts established by Dr. Atkins are accepted medical facts. Starvation diets are nice and all, if your into suffering, and they do have the nice effect of saving money due to less consumption. But they are probably less effective than low-carb diets, which cost a lot more. But regardless, I don't want to get into a spat about diet philosophy. I'd like to also mention that besides costing more for a high-protein diet, a more normal diet that is highly nutritious seems to cost more. Or rather I've always noticed that economically challenged individuals seem to have fewer healthy food choices at affordable prices. For example a Dollar menu item costs less than other healthier choices. Inexpensive frozen entries pack calories, but not very healthy, etc... So one can choose to eat less to save money, but in my opinion eating well, and striving to eat well with as little expense necessary is the key goal, and that is not always cheap.
Yes exactly, make the cost of doing business fall to the officer requesting the medical procedure. I can see charging the costs to the individual being search only if they are found guilty of a crime directly related to the medical search. So if a lady has a kilo of coke up her vag, charge her for the procedure, but anybody found innocent costs the government. It will cut down retaliation is there is a prohibitive cost.
Hehe.. if you're contemplating Gaussian topologies while eating pizza, well... you're doing it wrong.
gee, at this point everyone on my psn friend list has not login for the past year.
I went from droboFS to Synology 1813+ Switched to Synology because Drobo does not have a webui to manage the NAS, they have their desktop application that does not support Linux, and I'm a Linux user. Was even a Drobo apps developer at one point, and I like how Drobo work from that perspective. However, Drobo developer forums policies are too restrictive and moderated. Synology has more apps, and a healthy developer ecosystem. As far as ease of use goes, they are both really simpleso. for Drobo so long as you are windows or Mac user willing install their app. I will say one thing about the Synology webui has been the target of hackers and used to get a lot of people hacked who were dumb enough to have their NAS directly on the internet. Regardless i'd never go back to Drobo ever again.
I personally think having my NAS anywhere near the internet is a really bad idea, but there are so many services you can enjoy by doing so. For example, synology has a dropbox type mobile app, that only works when the synology is able to be reached over the internet. So a bunch of people did exactly that, but it exposed the synology management webui to the internet also, and so it goes... some people had their synology infected with crypto lockers, and whatever. But don't get all scared about that, those days are mostly over now, and Synology has learned how to do security. I've also heard good things about Qnap, and I'm strongly considering to get one of those next. But actually I might just go with TruNAS to get ZFS.
I'm not saying the government employee be held personally billable, but more like how any corporation handles expense reports. Make that one employee more involved and accountable for his spending choices on behalf of the government. Corporations never authorize invalid expenses, so if a retaliatory expense is unjustified then I'm all for the government employee being left with the bill. For example, a corporation might pay for travel, lodging, food, but not cigarettes, hookers, and porno movies. It's like that
Of course morality is relative. Honestly, only an idiot could ever think differently. For example, one believes stealing is wrong, but finds herself out of work, no money, hungry, starving, and decides to steal food to survive. Suddenly the morals are put aside to not go hungry. Another example is somebody who believes obeying laws is essential, yet commonly violates minor traffic laws like going any amount of speed over the speed limit, etc.
Well they do have layers of escalating procedures. For example, dogs can snif a person, and if the handler does it right the dog will alert on legitimate situations, thusly causing a legitimate search.
Bolivia needs more hay, to feed the donkeys, which labor the bails of cocaine from the fields to the port of call. .... nevermind, they do need more chickens.
I'm sorry you learned of this situation the way you did. Look, given what you wrote about HR pushing back hard on advancing your pay higher, I suspect it's time to consider other prospects. From the company point of view it's totally rational of them to push back on existing employees pay. Just accept that they look out for their own self-interests just like you do your own. Sometimes the market rate for new hires does go up, while current employees pay rate is still less, and that is sorta optimal for the employer, just accept that, it's true. Now I'm just trying to play devils advocate a bit here, but nothing is false, so that said.... you need to keep your best interests to your core, and if knowing your replacement earns more than you bothers you, well question why that is, understand your self and what makes you feel the way you do, and be rational. If it makes you feel bad, and you can say why then your best move is to stop the cause of the bad feelings. So leave, or confront the company about it, or both. There are so many jobs out there, that it's not worth it to have a company making you upset.
Yeah, I'd say let the fool have it. If you can monitor failed logins, just shuttle them off to the boss. Spew them right on out to the boss. That is totally something I would do for a boss, across the whole enterprise.
Really? Context does matter. Food ingredient disclosure label requirements are a health regulation set by the FDA, not laws... not exactly. But anyways, to compare apples to apples.... the ingredients for hardware is called the "Bill of Material", and that is much different than a schematic which you might called the recipe. But anyways, just like Apple argued it would be compelled speech to be forced to write code to unlock the iphone, being forced to publish schematics is no different (in my opinion). But the subtlety here is that source code, and machine code are legally protected forms of speech as established in a handful of Federal courts. So then are schematics also considered speech? Yes, in my opinion they are, and it's plainly obvious and reasonable.
Well you have defined you position on the topic, but have you considered the perspective of your employer? What if you were them, would you cut the hours or pay for summer work, is that even a reasonable thing to do? Assuming that there is actually less total work load, then yes.... cutting your hours might be doable, or if the total work is the same but less intensive, then a pay cut might be the option. These two scenarios seem testable, and measurable. So the rational here can easily be challenged at face value. However, it's also just as likely they simply want to get away paying you less for an arbitrary reasons, and see if that sticks.
Pro tip, shitty steel is also easily sharpened. There is certainly hardness levels in steel, but most knives don't go anywhere near the hardness of say tool grade steel. But besides that expensive blades dull about the same as shitty blades in most circumstances. Proper sharpening should be done regularly regardless of perceived blade quality, so it makes no difference to use expensive knives. There are a lot of good reasons to invest in great knives, but sharpness is not one of them. It's easily debunked given straightforward rational arguments.
So the power wall is lithium polymer type thing, so it won't last forever. Probably replace in 7 or 8 years, and that really depends on climate. The warmer, the faster they degrade. So customers will be replacing expensive batteries on their powerwall ever so often. Now pair that with renting solar panels, and related equipment. Tesla gets to have huge wholesale buying leverage, rent the panels at slightly bellow retail pricing, and ultimately get to keep them. Then consider the very long time frames in which consumers need to recoup investment in panels to begin with, and the selling point is to avoid that and just burn the money! I'm pretty sure I don't have the full picture here, but it's seeming like a scheme is starting to take shape.
good idea
And doubly fair these devices are supposed to be rapid life developer tools, so a short life seems consistent. Most avid Nexus users I know update every year, but some folks like to skip a year. These are not long live products, but still this does seem a bit ironic considering how Google treats 3rd party mobile devices, forcing them to apply updates for longer lengths of time. But again, to be fair some phones never got any updates support one they went out the door.
To be fair, it's hard to properly manage a downstream repo. For example when we do that in Fedora's EPEL for upstream RHEL packages. Sometimes things change locations, or names change. It's much simpler to just say f*ckit and have a crappy repo than to do the work.
Ah! Crumb porn!
Yeah, thanks for the report!
You win!
Thanks! But still, the different is minimal... but you have great info on the discharge cycles, so thanks again. A bunch of 18650 cells is expensive, well.. at retail cost they are, not at giga-factory costs
Well I agree with you on that, Apple is being a big giant "turd" for sure.
I think you grasp the nuance of this subject. Providing the bill of materials is one thing, a reasonable thing. Providing a schematic is another all together. This is comparable to forcing food labels to provide ingredients for consumer protection reason, but not recipes for vendor protection reasons..
We really need to start sending them with titanium wheels, or magnesium alloy, or whatever light yet sturdy material. This just makes me sad!
I think you fundamentally don't understand what first world means.
Dominic Giampaolo worked on BeFS at Be Inc, and before that XFS at SGI. He knows a thing or two about file systems. On the other hand the ZFS developer, like all of them, seem to have some kind of holier than thou attitude. Especially in terms of check-sums, which is probably ZFS's best worst feature.
There really shouldn't need to be one.
I have played through twice now. Probably going to hit it a 3rd time, but not sure. (going for trophies) I keep playing it because I actually like the game, even though I agree it's story does not exactly trump it's game play. On my 2nd play through I attempted the trophy to not set off any alerts/alarms, and I am pretty sure that happened, but didn't get the trophy, which seems to be a common problem. Anyways, its fun for me... You can level-up your avatar to suite your play style, and the game changes depending how you play.
Too bad about losing that mobile device in the process.
This is why I stopped using the playstation store entirely. Had a few online purchases early on, but so many reports of people losing their huge investment in game purchases online... it's so much better to only ever by the disc version. Who cares about online friends, or whatever, and trophies are cool. But trophies can be regained, or disregarded, ultimately it's all about playing the game.
Just sell it, and be done. The fact you even have to ask a community of gamer if you should play these great games is weird.... so you should just sell out, that is who you are.
Spot on. People respond to incentives, and I'm not sure why this reality is commonly ignored by people. I have only once heard somebody say "I'm not emotionally stable enough to have firearm in my house", and it was actually one of my ex-girlfriends. She was at least self aware of her crazy side to know that she shouldn't have firearms in the house. I totally respect that, but not everyone is self aware.
Maybe you should strace the git clone process to findout? strace -o strace.log -f -s 2048 git clone https://github.com/FireAntJoe/C.git Maybe that will show you where the slowness went. Good luck.
Oh this was pure gold!
oh cool! Well I stand corrected, thanks!
Well I'm glad it works better now, but a pity we didn't get to solve. Wonder if it was a coincidence it speed up on the strace invocation, or if somehow strace influenced the faster execution. Could only speculate it would be some library loading drama, address space randomization, audit daemon, selinux, or whatever. Your guess is as good as mine.
Wow, less than $10 on Amazon. Hehe... picked it up, and always regretted not seeing at the theater. Now I'll get to watch it in my home theater, but pity not in 3d. meh
I got it, and it's pretty ok glass
In the case of Apple they have problems with people buying a bunch of 64GB &amp; 128GB devices, then swap the memory parts, and attempt to get a refund on the 128GB (now only having 64GB). Or something along those lines.... Anyhow, the so-called geniuses at the Apple store are trained to identify those forms of fraud. Clearly a device that has been opened is likely to warrant further investigation.
I happen to own a set of Irwin groove locks, and they are great, but I've also heard the Knipex cobras are better. They both do the locking thing, so meh... I've always used a Lennox hand saw for drywall, but holy cow after getting my Dewalt oscillating tool ... dry wall is a snap! Also good for making holes in old-work boxes. So how do you like the Milwaukee insulated drivers? I am asking because those are on my list, and I'm leaning toward Wera Kraftform Insulated, mostly because other folks I know swear by them. But they are expensive, and not USA made.
This is entirely off topic, but related. For any of you young folks making babies, and you have the idea that your children are a sort of safety net for your elderly retirement years.... I won't judge you, but here is one tip that might help. Have many children, at least three, but more like 5 or more. The chances that one of them will be around to help in any significant way increases, and the ability of the group to distribute financial aid also goes up.
So apparently the HDR software was blacklisting via a license server API call, and directly in the code. The license server is understandable licensing stuff, except when a legitimate paying customer is blacklisted. At that point the company should provide a pro-rated refund to cover the remaining time left on the license. But going into the code is really uncool, but in some ways makes it easier to fix.... Once can just hex edit the binary and change the call-sign string, or use a debugger to change in-memory locations. Folks should probably just use open source software instead.
Cringe worthy. USB-PD all the way.
fyi $ ll /etc/ssl/certs/ca-bundle.crt lrwxrwxrwx. 1 root root 49 Oct 4 13:25 /etc/ssl/certs/ca-bundle.crt -&gt; /etc/pki/ca-trust/extracted/pem/tls-ca-bundle.pem So it's a link to a link
it would be kinda nice if the fstab were made into a database, sqlite, berkley db, or whatever... it would be a good point to run sanity checks, but wait.... never mind, I just had flashbacks of having to run MAKE on NIS yp files... yucks!
How about the courage to include full size Ethernet port.
Close. The correct way is: cat /etc/system-release Because system-release is always guaranteed to exist on systemd distros, other release files are not.
Wait, this is a different topic kinda. Solar via roof tops is pretty weak solar, and putting energy back on the grid is more an exception than norm. Besides, it's considered more robust to store that energy onsite in power walls, or spinning up a kinetic flywheel to save the potential energy for off-hours. This is especially true for energy plans where time of day changes price per watt, so the energy is stored and spent those hours it cost more. Look at the data on roof top solar, the output efficiency is flat the entire day and spikes two hours for peak perpendicular solar panel aliment with the sun. Roof top solar is really cool, but it DOES kinda suck compared to solar panels that track the sun via motorized mounts. All of those suck compared to molten sodium, commercial solar, which are starting to emerge in many places out west. These do not have the net-metering issues. Seriously, don't get obsessed on rooftop solar, it's nice... but kinda lame.
Nevermind, I found that the extension does indeed achieve the desired result, had I only looked at the extension settings before posting. bah!
It sounds like it might be indexing.
How was it? It's straight up old school burger joint.
Pretty easy, usually the new partition will begin at the same location as the old was. As far as the end position goes, it only matters that it doesn't fall short of the original. Being the same size exactly, or larger, works. This really isn't as challenging as many people seem to think... it's trivial.
You could load the firmware onto a usb stick, and perform a local install.
What are the latest substation innovations these days? These days I'm a Linux software engineer, used to be an electrician out of high school, but have a strong arm-chair electrical engineering hobby... lately all I think about are how to prevent arc faults in sub-stations. So I'd love to see what an actual designer might have to say, if your willing to share?
That is good news! I'm glad your out of the woods on that.
Agreed. As somebody who has a very well equipped home kitchen, and who constantly experiments with new foods.... I am totally able to eat cheap buffets, to fine french, or whatever.... Inspiration comes from all places, and it's a mistake to close down ones mind to things, especially something so basic as food.
I feel your pain. Now imagine it can get even worse, you could be working from home 100%. Think of that lonely cubicle multiplied by 10x. At least you can track down your boss lady for an in person face to face, working at home.... your best chances are to get a video conference when her time permits. Another situation could be that you work in a different city from your boss lady, so you might work in an office with other people, you don't work for any of them, and they don't work with you. My advice, find a way to make the best of the situation. Take up a "work hobby" in the spare 10% of time. Perhaps study for some topic you find really interesting, ideally something for the next leap in your career.
This is a good thing for defendants of patent trolls, but it's also bad for legitimate patent enforcement by universities or smaller research facilities. A balance must be found, hopefully this judge factors in good faith pursuits.
Front facing stereo speakers.
Oh I'm sure Google knows what's up. They are secretive these days, remember the huge delay on 7.0 roll-out... it was pushing out to a few devices and suddenly the release halts. Not a peep out of Google, while they fixed whatever it was. Considering they have a a large number of devices heading home for RMA, I'm sure they can simply take a good sample to reproduce the issue, then instrument the Android OS to better introspect the issue.
Yeah, and a gfci sub-panel too (joke)
Ah, hence the adapter... because most phones with usb-c have nfc. Time to upgrade.
MinnowBoard for sure.
I think this kind of blanket statement is dangerous, generalizing broadly according to financial bias &amp; prejudices.
[According to this part diagram](http://servicenet.dewalt.com/Products/Detail?isId=true&amp;productNumber=DW703&amp;selectedType=7204#) You part is number #88, and no longer available. [Looking over the part from the DW713 it does look very similar](http://servicenet.dewalt.com/Products/GetDocument?docName=EA023390.tif&amp;docPath=http%3A%2F%2Fdocuments.dewalt.com%2Fdocuments%2FEnglish%2FExploded%2520Art%2FEA023390.png&amp;productId=5453&amp;productType=16408&amp;documentId=35675), so it's worth a try.
I'd like a physical jumper on the mainboard to enable DCI, and perhaps even software interlock in firmware.
replace the control board, done.
Yeah, your not truly free unless you have the freedom to exclude others. (sarcasm)
It's good that you're going for walks, not sending nasty emails. I started off just like you, single sysadmin, and salaried.... sounds like you might be hourly considering you need to get approved for overtime, which in your case might be a good thing. Because actually you want to avoid overtime for very basic reasons, people NEED time off, period. Also the employer wants to reduce over-time, and employer doesn't want to lose the sole remaining technology person. When the stress level increases, take a break. Literally get up from what you're doing, and just walk away for a bit. I say this because I sense you're younger, and prone to frustration, so just release the pressure, and come back to whatever it was you were doing, and resume. This takes practice, trust me, and it can seem awkward when it happens as the result of end-user interaction, but it must be done. Anyways, back to over-time, simply don't do it, and it's not the end of the world if some work has to wait to get finished. At this point that is unavoidable, and you have to embrace the fact you're in a no-win situation. In StarTrek this is called the "kobiashi maru", and the Starfleet captain simply has to deal with the bad situation, and find the best outcome. That is you right now. The best outcome is to have weekends off, and let the work pile up. that work is never going to reduce, it's only going to grow, and you are one person. So let nature take it's course, do the BEST you can DO, never seem to be idle.... go from one task to the next, and close out tickets or whatever. Tracking your work is critical here, so you can demonstrate to your management that your productivity is peaked. This will come in handy for that conversation with management, they like to have metrics to make decisions. That is how management works, it's data driven, so it's your responsibility to generate the data they need to do their job. That might seem cold and psychopathic, but that is the situation we all face in the IT world. Anyways, if you absolutely must perform some kind of critical off-hour work, then yes schedule over-time, but don't ask for permission. Just do the needful, and only the needful. This comes down to defining what "critical work" means to you, and your department. Not just critical stuff, you have to define the importance of every task, and prioritize. Spend more time doing that, planning your work, and plotting how your time is spent. In other words pay more focus on your work flow than the work itself. Because you are the sole-sysadmin you pretty much get unilateral decision power here, so be reasonable when these choices are later questioned. This comes to the next point, do everything out in the open, and professional, because when the backlog of work begins to complain, you WILL be scrutinized, and you need to be squeaky clean in terms of work ethics and work flows. Trust me when you implement these ideas, your frustration just fizzles away. Consider that people working in a fast food restaurant have the same exact problems you have. They have to provide great customer service, but they have to make the best situation. Sometimes they get slammed with work, and customers have delays in what is otherwise fast service. service desk and sysadmin work are not very different from fast food industry if you think about it. Your providing a service to customers, and you really have to be polite and courteous despite the challenges. Your managers are probably not very experienced managers, they are in a university so they probably don't have industry experience, and believe me managing people like yourself (like most IT people in general) is not exactly easy. So that that into perspective, they are inexperienced, and IT folks are not easy to manage. So when your day ends, leave. When your weekend comes, do something for yourself, and forget about work. When Monday comes, be refreshed and ready to kick ass. You will be way more productive if you have these boundaries set, and probably management will eventually be forced to hire another employee to help you. Mean while you will gain valuable experience that you can apply to your next IT job. Good luck
This article talks about the plaintif attorny, how he won the Case against Gawker. Techdirt is not comparable to Gawker, a vile clickbate tabloid. Techdirt has it's ups and downs, but pretty much always stayed legitimate... morally and ethicly speaking, unlike Gawker. So just because some high profile lawyer that easily won the Gawker case, the story is not the same. The roles are reversed, but still defamation of character can be a serious case. Good luck to them!
You example sucks. But you're not wrong. This is a classic example of a Kafka trap. http://esr.ibiblio.org/?p=2122
We don't sign packages that were not build internally, nor tested by our small army of QA engineers, PERIOD THE END.
These machines were the ultimate in steam punk. Or perhaps there is another more appropriate term, how about skookum-punk or chooch-punk? Anyways, I always thought it was really impressive how math functions can be simple machine operations.
Show it to the other guys in your crew, they might appreciate the perspective.
those where the good days. We were actually making traction into Apple mac users because we have desktop rotating cubes, and wobbly window effects, and all of that stuff.
You say that now, but not when gnome3 first released.
In civilization (the game) these are called puppet states, at satellites.
Have a stash of water bottles, flash light(s), whistles, hand held ham radio (optional), blankets, protein bars, first aid kit, small backup batteries to charge mobile device. Stuff like that, you want to have a small compact bag of things to have in case you experience a tornado. In the worst case your home collapses around you, and you're alive.... just survive on your kit until emergency crews can dig you out, but it might be a while.
Mandarin's are not know to be that way, they tend to eat PODs, and if your lucky sometimes they eat fish meal pellets or flakes.
This seems like cheating.
It might YLOD, but you can maintain the unit by blowing it out once in a while. If you feel proactive you can do the thermal paste.
cleaning the dust out is a regular chore, or rather labor of love..
