If aui taught me anything is that even as a 2k scrub i buy my shit fast and go do stuff quick
I was not aware we were using Somalians for wine now
the bad thing is that they can blindside you pretty hard, I had a very shy gf for some years, she cheated on me for some months without me knowing, I never saw it coming as she was so shy
Do people evento know whata fuckboy is this days?
I fucking hate Mexicans speaking in English, its not their fault but damn! (I'm Mexican BTW)
His accent makes his cast even better for me, and the guy is hilarious, but yeah when you come from the same place I can see how it might be cringeworthy
Midnas lament from Twilight Princess, the titles song for skullgirls and the intro son for final fantasy christal chronicles... Also I'm pretty sure xenoblade is pretty good soundtrack
I honestly think their first 2 albums were fantastic, much better than all of the other "emo" bands from back in the day
Silent alarm - bloc party That album was simply perfect IMO top 3 of that decade and I'll fight whomever doesn't agree.
I have a couple of dogs se picked up from a shelter, not only did the people threw them away they tried to buen them un an empty lot, luckyly they were rescued and got to the shelter, some of those didnt survive, some others live with me now
5 reasons we hate... Is my reason to live
I started drinking some craft beers after a new bar that specializes in them opened very close to my work, the variety is amazing and the taste is much stronger in a lot of those beers, so much so that most regular beers like corona taste like water to me, I'll still drink normal beer (because I'm poor) but at least I know now that there is a world out there
But to be fair shes a terrible wife who doesnt hold to any expectations in the bedroom, she fucking jacks him off without even taking eyes away from her computer, he's dying and has a horrible sexlife he didn't even think of cheating but I don't see how she could blame him if he did.
But I really don't see why he was thrown off about it, we are supposed to love the antihero, and Skylar many times acts against him or makes things harder for him, why wouldn't we not hate her? Sure she doesn't know and its not her fault but she's still a huge bitch all series, her and her bitch sister Marie! The only likeable one is hank and even he is am asshole a lot
I agree completely she's set to be a horrible person from episode one, she only gets redemption for being the lesser evil person but she stopped out of fear not out of goodness, the only truly decent people in that show are hank and the kid
This is not my story personally but I saw it happen pretty close to me, basically my gf's brother was a pretty hardcore atheist, his parents always claimed to be catholic but mexican light catholic, never went to church in their life and they are only baptized but not any of the other stuff, so basically completely away from church... Anyway, he turned to christianity because some shitty things happened that turned the family upside down and he started dating this christian girl, now to me it was predatorial but he totally fell for the girls and her fathers (who was a pastor) oportunistic presentation of god as a way to make his shitty life less shitty, he fell in love with the whole thing and he turned into full crazy devout christian in what seems practically overnight for me, to me it was completely confusing because he used to be a hardcore skeptic and in general a really smart dude, he got the highest gradein his major and masters degrees in engineering and next day he's praying for everything and pestering his family to turn to christianity.
I was amazed too at how religious people were, my family was atheist and always called themselves that, also both of them were biologists, in middle school I attended a christian school because it was pretty high quality, I was befudled the first time I argued with a young earth creationist idiot kid, I literally couldn't wrap my mind around someone believing in god with that fervor. I was also amazed the first time people asked me to pray before eating, I just told my friends parents I didnt know how because I was an atheist, I was like 10 and I'll never forget the look of disbelief in their faces.
Once a teacher I really liked that was a christian told me she was always going to try and convert me because if she didn't I'd go to hell and she liked me too much for that to happen, I guess you'll miss your parents when you are contemplating god in the afterlife OP.
/s
That's true, but if you are gay and have a kid they way to get your kid to be accepted is not by hidding the fact that you are gay, its to make a statement to others, to show others that its ok to be gay, bigots die when ignorance and taboos die, the way to help those kids is by showing off, not the other way around, don't get confused.
Hacking... I don't feel any need to explain.
Im mexican and eat them a lot too
GO HUMAN BEINGS!!
I'm fucking sure I was in that game and was lina, any dotabuff?
Not only was he an idiot, I'm pretty sure the np was a racist cunt, I was there I promise http://www.dotabuff.com/matches/1548623207 just 2k USE things
Ironic, also fuck you, I'm not a native speaker, yeah it's lose, sue me
Me too, those aren't cycling shorts
I would say most people making the chance should be mid 2k i got a friend who played gold 1 and got 3k, right n now he sits at upper 2k
If not climbing out of 1k and 2k trench is really ez, pick a hero you like and has big team fight spells, learn to last hit really well with bots and win, for me phoenix and leshrac are really good climbers
Really? Actually the games I come back from is when people use the mic to plan and encourage each other
When you are comfortable with mechanics just random... Who picks heroes anyways?
I was there it gets better, if you are in NA I'll play message me
Not just any meat tho, tacos are incredibly varied, sour cream on most is an insult, also its not any grilled meat, and its actually mostly not grilled, masiza tongue, bone marrow, brains, Nana buche, nenepil and most tacos the meat is cooked on big casseroles with oil, basquet tacos are steamed and have different meat and beans and other stuff on them, there are chorizo tacos, chicharron tacos, there are a shit ton of different taco kinds and all of them are better than burritos
But if any of those things hadn't happened you'd just be facing that reality thinking the exact same thing, you basically say, since good random things happened then God must have helped..
So basically if you pray and get nothing you get a free pass for something after you die... That sounds convenient, is there like a system for how he picks, like if you don't get a job then you are excused from stealing bread or is it random?
"Will likely fail" like you know what we can do in another thousand years of research... Also agnosticism is atheism for pussies, yes the argument is technically correct but then you would have to claim that for every non falsifiable theory out there which proves how silly agnosticism is.
Well it surely can disprove things
It's true, the gf is always complaining because she's 32F here I'm Mexico you need to pay over 80usd for a bra that size and up to a 100, and when I met her she used worst bras and she really suffered for it
It constantly is about disproving hypothesis so if you make a wrong one and the data you aquire trough experimentation is not consistent with it you reject it... So it can surely disprove things its basically part of the method to reject wrong ideas and notions we have about how the world works
I meant because you said you had voices and it sounded a bit worrying, im glad counceling helped, i hope you get better
Yes it does if you have a silly hypothesis and you apply the scientific method to it and it concludes it doesn't fit with our model of the world it means that hypothesis was disproved.
Lol haven't seen any buzzfeed articles but my hair girl suggested one, as long as you have your sides, and part of the back shaved it does get the girls thirsty or at least it did do the trick for me... I think that the theory behind it is that if you have an already handsome face to begin with the bun just takes all of the hair you used to have away from it so people can see you better... It also works if you just have short hair but that wasn't so cool before the man buns so many people didn't have short hair
Some do, there are ones with really tight crotch and a tinny ass zipper, the ones that aren't like that have plenty of room and hold nicely to the legs.
Yeah but its not like every silly thing gets its 15 minutes, most things are done for good after we discard them.
I dunno, if you buy ones make sure the zipper área is big enough, works for me
Do you have any vid of a pro doing it or something, it seems that whenever I play against dark seer I can't zone them for my life and I'm actually competent zoning others.
OK will do, BTW any heroes you recommend? is getting boots as a support right out of the gate worth to keep him off (especially in a trilane scenario) or do I just get regular items and maybe am extra clarity to spam at him to zone better?
Not to brag but spotify is so desperate to pull mexican costumers we get 3 months for 9 Mexican pesos, so less than 1 dollar for 3 month
Tuskar is strong as fuck in this patch, and its a great pick against heros who can get affected by Break
Imo phoenix should always be a 3 or 2, at worst a 4 because it still works well without farm but never a 5, phoenix does so much with levels/gold that its always worth it to give it some... Also I'd recomend always picking that veil before shivas, its much less expensive and it'll help you a lot in the early-midgame and lategame the shivas will be great. Some have said that mango might be a great pick for phoenix early but I havent tried, in paper it gives you much needed health regen and since phoenix has mana problems it might help you land a clutch ult after your spirits took a little too much mana, this might be really good if you are getting zoned and your tranqs are being delayed. Another thing you might consider is getting that bottle, that way you farm a bit, kill with ult, bottle up, pick a rune and repeat, you play basically like how you would play a clock and it'll create massive space for your team and free a lane for someone else to farm while you roam.
how do you use it offensively tho? I've always seen it as a counter initiation... Also I hardly ever play her but how does it work? is it like you need to stare at medusa for X time to get to stone or is it, if after X time of medusa turned the ult you look at her you instantly get stoned?
I thought you could always pirate/buy guitar pro...
That honestly sounds awesome
There are two kinds of people, the ones who think old tarantino was the best and the ones who think new tarantino is the best... Imo if you think the newer stuff is better you need to reconsider your life choices.
I honestly think Her was a masterpiece, not only is the story charming and a refreshing take on AI, it has a huge amount of things going for it, the dialogue is cute and hilarious and endearing and Arcade Fire pulled one of the best soundtracks of that year, Joaquin Phoenix acting is on point and Scarlet Johanson has one of the best voice acting ever, she has an incredibly wide range of emotion, but the best thing is how it captures our zeitgeist and its natural evolution perfectly, its a future movie that captures what the future will actually probably be, the costumes, the house design, the outdoor spaces, and the design of computers and phones and other things, never before had I seen such an honest reflection of our society in terms of design
My favorite is a tie between reservoir dogs and pulp fiction, imo it should be pulp, reservoir, kill bill, I really don't think inglorious basterds holds up to the rest
Really?? It's been ages since I used it but I got some OK stuff from it, in paper it should be a good replacement to tab books tho
I will never understand
Surely sleep paralysis also probably don't tell the gf because she'll think silly things about it
Are you young? Is there any way you can get into medical research, it would seem fair to me that you pursued that carreer if you still can, if not, think of it like this, in 50 years the percentage of people who survive what you just went through will be much higher and it will just rise with the years, you got lucky, we all do sometimes, and more people will get the same luck that's all there is to it, move on
If it went away once it will go away twice, I know this is a bit silly but eat and sleep well and hang outside in the sun more, I do a lot of work in a lab and I don't get much sunlight as I sit there all day, I force myself to go outside every once in a while because I was getting depressed again, it really does help, I wish you good luck, also maybe get checked go to a doctor a lot of times depression is physiological and a simple supplement can help you (not mind numbing pills or anything)
Be a man and keep your so, don't cheat. Its not worth it
Well if you want to talk... Or maybe play some dota/games send a message
Reckless tortuga is amazing, the racism in America ones are hilarious
They are all masturbators tho if anything they have their minds around fapping more than the average fapper
Maybe with rice
Religious people, but not all religious people, the kind that vulture around their loved ones or people they know it times of need to get them into their religion instead of helping, your mom died, god can help, you can't find a job, god, you broke up with your long time SO, god, its like they are happy when shitty things happen just to be able to preach their shit. One thing is to believe but this people are literally vultures.
Or you can finger with middle and ring finger and sneakily take pube away with kndex and thumb, or my personal favorite, wax down there!!
Or you can finger with middle and ring finger and sneakily take pube away with kndex and thumb, or my personal favorite, wax down there!!
It's not at all about that, I love eating that pussy the pubes make it not ideal but also shaving can be bad for bjs, either you wax or depilate or leave it really short, a 1 or 2 day shave is like eating snadpaper covered pussy
Guys if you are going to manscape, and you should, consider wax or other form of depilation, it hurts, but its worth it, shaving itches and leaves pimples and ingrown hairs, wax is much cleaner like that and you get smooth skin for quite a while
I am sorry if I have ever offended anyone, I'm Mexican so the US are foreign to me, anyway I can speak in perfect English, I always attended bilingual schools with great teachers and lived a few months in Canada as a kid, the thing is everyone talked "white" in my school and all of the recordings were British people (I took lessons to apply for Cambridge English qualifications) and the black people in the movies talk in a way that's far more understandable, so every time I visit the states I dread asking for directions or talking to black people in general because I feel unbelievably racist asking them to repeat themselves 10 times in perfect English because I can't understand what they say.
Thats pretty racist of you to think that is Mexicans who get access to pretty much the same culture than you wouldn't know who fuckomg Capitan America is
Yeah I guess it's more dumb than racist
Ohh surely, i dont think anyone expects you to not have feelings for other people, no one is invulnerable to that, how you act on those feelings does define you, the only condition to you keeping the SO is if you have feelings for your SO
Still, it always makes me feel awkward
So much this! But now i love spamming that sweet lightning
I have a friend who was about to hit diamon, switched to dota and never came back, come over its more fun
HOHO HAHA
Yeah I love two tongues
That black people speak in a horrible impossible to understand accent. It's not at fucking all like my white British recording with which I learnt, it's not at all like will Smith or any other movie star, it's fucking incomprehensible. I don't mean to offend, but could you please enunciate? I look like a racist cunt everytime I ask black person to repeat themselves 5 times in perfectly good English I just can't understand black people for my life. /Rant I really don't mean to offend but anyone with an accent is fucking hard to understand when it isn't yourbfirst language, the recordings are of white people enunciation and most media tries to keep it as white as possible so when a non white person speaks it's fucking hard, blacks are imposible, Indians are hard and funny, Asians not so and I'd be damned if I couldn't understand Mexican.
That black people speak in a horrible impossible to understand accent. It's not at fucking all like my white British recording with which I learnt, it's not at all like will Smith or any other movie star, it's fucking incomprehensible. I don't mean to offend, but could you please enunciate? I look like a racist cunt everytime I ask black person to repeat themselves 5 times in perfectly good English I just can't understand black people for my life. /Rant I really don't mean to offend but anyone with an accent is fucking hard to understand when it isn't yourbfirst language, the recordings are of white people enunciation and most media tries to keep it as white as possible so when a non white person speaks it's fucking hard, blacks are imposible, Indians are hard and funny, Asians not so and I'd be damned if I couldn't understand Mexican.
True, a lot of people is still people
I've never lived in America bit ya'll is a perfect word.
That's easy, the real problem comes when genders in languages you try to learn don't match with your mother language.
Imo that makes you sound uneducated and racist... We fucking devote ourselves to learning your shitty language, you might as well try to return the favour
Yes, but it's different, gendering words is easy, people in lower classes will say vistes instead of viste for example in general.adding an S after verbs, like saying did you sees that? did you dos something? Some words are mispronounced, particularly anglicisms but not exclusively. Fuiste becomes juiste with a hard J sound or sandwiches becomes changüices and stuff like that. A very particular one, the word Mira or Look often looses the M and turns into Ira. Rich people and people who want to seem higher class often don't get free, their anglicisms and other foreign words are often tried to be pronounced as accurately as possible and are used more often which imo makes it sound silly as fuck. Another problem is that they are often still mispronounced or spoken with weird inflections and as a decent English speaker it's silly as fuck. Another big problem with richer people is their accent, we too have ghetto accents and rich accents and rich people speak like a California girl speaking Spanish, that's the best way I can describe it.
This is my favorite, congrats.
Alcoholism! *drinks more beer*
That's so horrible, I'd hate fuck you if I could because of how horrible it is.
Imo warlock with fatal bonds could be really good but you still need a few seconds and great position
Add ebola spirit, just for fun
Ok so, here goes, my parents are atheists and I grew up in an atheist household so I think I can help. First of all for a few years don't tell them, when they get into kindergarden and they ask what the cross is or a kid tells them about God explain it simply to them and tell them you don't believe in it. If they ask why just say it everyone has the right to believe bit you don't see how it could be true. When they are older you can introduce them to cooler concepts like evolution and other sciences, also kids love dinosaurs and so they'll dig evolution, if you raise a science loving kid they kid will just go, God? Nah. Do tell them that if they want to believe you won't judge but do give them critical thinking skills. Every time they ask you can give more and better examples of why you don't believe. If you are into politics talk politics with your kids and maybe talk about how the church influences politics in an undemocratic way. Also if you want to talk about other religions do, but imo talk about the cool historical significance they have, their cool myths, I'm sure all kids would love bedtime stories about how texcatlipoca created the world, or how Norse gods fought ice giants, or how Odin turned into a Swan and fucked a chick. I don't think you should treat religion as equal as atheism, it's not like "here is everything, pick what you want" because fundamentally atheism IS different from religion.
I agree that that's a cool experience I also have a friend who had about the same thing happen to him... He became kind of am ashole preachy Christian tho but thats a story for another time. I think secularism does lack that sense of community and practicality. There is this guy allain debotton who is an atheist who is very influenced by this communities and has some very interesting ideas. I don't agree a lot with him but he is worth listening too imo, maybe Google him you might consider it interesting.
That's so fucking cool TIL
If anything that's why we should! Ez wins!
You did say OUR emotions.
I hear that one and the scientology one are pretty accurate.
I'm glad! And I'm even more glad at least it was an experience that made you better.
What are you talking about? You tell the kid to stop and his dad to stop him of you'll get them kicked out.
Lmao that has never happened to me but I'm sure that will be the first and only time I kick a kid
Op never said the issue was rough play, get out of here if you can't admit you are wrong.
I thought it was really funny, you brought a little justice to this world
I was out on a conference and this really hot chick came really strong on me, we ended up making out on my hotel room, at the time I had a girlfriend and we had considered strongly opening up our relationship but since I didn't have a complete confirmation I told this chick I wouldn't do it and so I didn't, to my dismay it turned out the gf had been cheating on me for months and it would have been very ok for me to do it... You win some you lose some I guess, at least I can humblebrag about how this girl told me I was fantastic at fingering her.
You da real MVP
The name "Aniv de la rev" is banned in my country because it's short for Aniversario de la Revolucion AND that's how calendars shorten it.
Holy shit, I bought a shirt that had plastic ones and took them out because I had no idea what they were, luckily I didnt threw them away and just put them back on.
Ey bby
My sister does that, she's pretty smart but hanging with her and her boyfriend makes me physically cringe.
Fuck out of here, people with completely uninteresting interests exist, yeah sure maybe this chick is really into reality TV, do I give a shit about it tho? Hell no.
But just the ones who over do it, naturally tomboyish girls can be cool.
That's like a whole other level, Jesus.
Public forum, also because you were being a huge asshole
I'm sick I don't get enough pizza
Yukio Mishima made one short called Rite of love and Death. A young man in the military decides to kill himself after his friends attempt a failed coup. This 30 minute film covers all the way from him getting home, telling his wife, setting everything up, making love and both of them committing seppuku. A truly beautiful film based on his most famous short story. The story is also a window into the mind of a man who would later commit seppuku himself after his own failed coup. Mishimas wife burnt all the copies after his death but luckily one was found a few years ago and you can watch it on youtube.
No, not quite, it's a little like "nerdgirls" if the tomboyish woman legit likes whatever sport or team or "manly activity" whatever that means it's really cool, but if she does it to be "omg such one of the guys" then it's not
All the jabs at sony
I asked a couple of friends who are working and they told me they wouldn't answer and it's rude... I don't work with them... Shit I don't even work, I'm still in uni.
It'd be really funny if he was an art teacher... "Rachel your dick technique is horrible! But the way the light hits the shaft is really good, keep working"
Thank you for this, I really thought it was 9 year Olds too.
I bought Metric-fantasies without listening to any songs and loved it just because it looked cool. Bought Wolf parades - second album (who's name I can't recall) without listening to it because the artwork was cool as fuck, found it buried in a record store, only copy I could find, Googled quickly, saw that Isaac brook produced it and it's the best 10 bucks I've spent in my life. I first listened to unknown mortal Orchestra was in a small secret concert in a small venue near Mexico city when they were touring the first album without knowing them, been a fan ever since.
I am Mexican, like I can "see" where people are coming from bit I think it's bullshit, personally it's a visually cool add and see nothing wrong with it.
Yeah, that's true and the characters are really cool, but still.I think they will start adding up, especially if the dlc characters turn out to be a decent tier in competitive, then the pay2win rants will start.
Yeah lol I know, still think it's a bit too much, but yeah I agree it's really common sense to not let that one out in America.
Pokemon + dota2 much better, we already have moltres and artícuno lol
Yeah, girls with really high pitched ones are annoying as fuck.
I wish I could catch severe ginger and die with it.
There is this girl in my uni, she has like a skin condition that makes her have really white spots all over her face and arms (I assume everywhere else too I just haven't looked) like vitiligo or something and Ive had a crush on her since forever, she's really cute too but I'm sure most people wouldn't like it.
Sometimes you need to catch a tight connection and you want to get your shit asap so you can get out the second you are allowed, every second counts! I've had to run trough DallasFW many times because the first time I didn't I was stuck there 8 hours and it's a huge ass place.
Not only Europeans the best colleges in Mexico are ran by the state
But there IS an old dune movie isn't it?
Toe- two moons
Honk Kong best song.
It's funny to think Isaac brock probably doesn't love float on.
Feels like a blink or like sleep depending on how suddenly you go out/wake up I guess.
Weak ass Americans.
Ok yeah I see a lot of people not liking that.
And when Aui was there AUI WAS THERE! How can you not like EG
No love for Universe
Rank ass pussy.
Dan "The Man With a Plan (to rape)" Shneider Lmao.
I think he's into guys doe... Good luck I am guy!
Yes, this is it! Annie is perfect.
The art scene in Canada is fucking great, your music moves me.
I'd take a slap to the face during sex... Different strokes I guess
I'm on both sides of this situation right now, it's weird as fuck, on one hand I'm dying to be with one girl which I have a very slim chance of getting with. And on the other one of.my best friends at uni came really strong at me and asked me to date but I just really don't see her like that. Life is weird
We were in a rather long relationship 4 years, we split and honestly I think we both realized it was the wrong call, but still we are still getting a feel of how things are and she doesn't want to rush anything. Also we both realized it's kinda fun being single. We are in a weird moment both of us.
I'm sorry man
I'm guessing the media isn't huge on strapons, and the pics are quite good, I think most people would just go "ohh erotic art, nothing to see here" and thats how it'd end.
Really? Dat ass? Dem titties??? Those eyes staring up as the suck a dick??? What are you talking about man??
Jennifer Lawrence and Upton are hot as fuck.
There were a couple nudes from the fappening
Who cares about exploring the Galaxy? young people were born in this age to feel smooth pussy.
But James franco was in them too I think, please don't tell me it's not her
Ohh, well I guess I'll have to keep waiting
Or if it's just shaven... Wax lasts at least a week being really smooth.
Or if wisp has dd
No Ragrets FTFY
I as non american cant understand it either, in my country political parties are assigned a part of the national budget for their campaigns and spending rules are set, also its ilegal to advertise with years in advance... I think all countries were mindblown finding out Trump isnt even a candidate and the election is in over a year.
Well, what did you do? did you say yes?
I don't know if anyone has told you this but THERE ARE OTHER WAYS TO CHECK YOUR PROSTATE. Now, some doctors are used to the old method, and touch is a really good way for them to be sure, also its a medical profesional, you shouldn't feel insecure, for them its just another day at the job. Just google prostate scan, its there, but getting a finger up your butt for a second is way faster and cheaper.
I wonder how this stupid rationalizations come out in gay couples, like what if a dude cheats on his bf? was one boyfriend not man enough? what if they are lesbians? There is no logic on this things. Sexism is weird man.
When love is gone, where does it go? and where do we go?
How??
There is a YouTube channel called Art of Photography and it's explained, it's easy to find, it should be in an art playlist or something (cant link because mobile). Basically it's shady how it's very much not regulated like other investments.
Keep strong
I'm sorry, that sounds really messed up.
All is truly well when you can stop for a beer with friends
3 is get picked up by secret.
Implying not having all heroes from the get go doesn't allow ptw when you can use cash for heroes.
Dat credits song for skullgirls doe, love to hear it everytime I play it casually
More like "I have to shit" if shit was a noun, like saying "I have to chair"
I was sat at home watching G3 when Toph ring
I actually wanted Toph and scar to keep casting the finals but some good laughs were had... Hype as fuck too.
Meh amazing atheist is pretty good, yeah he is an angry fuck but overall hes helped kids realize it's ok to be am atheist and many people like him for that, also he's a pretty decent dude outside of his youtube persona and likes to help up and coming youtubers
I honestly don't see a lot of mysoginism in his discourse, he's all up for equality and freedom of sex and sexuality. I just think it's bad pr.
Vod? That sounds like fun
Ive never seen Ronaldo ignore a kid, I've seen Messi do it tho.
Victor is great too.
Are you jack white?
What if your gf wants to give you a rimjob or peg you, it's straight to do that shit and I wouldn't want a hairy asshole if I was on the receiving end of those.
I don't have a lot bit I do try to shave or wax often, I hate hair
It's not as great as you think it is, if you love the job, you fucking LOVE the job but it's really hard and really underpaid, my dad is a marine biologist, when he was younger he spent time watching whales and seals, out in the ocean for hours hoping to see a stream of water many kms away, if you see one it's fantastic because you can get so close to the whales that you can touch them, if you don't, which was very likely you could spend days and days doing fuck all while looking at the horizon hoping, it was a common thing to be out for 8 hours or so at the time in small boats. This days he says they stay in hotels, back then they camped, which is OK for a while not months. Also stayed in deserted islands looking at seals for months, a boat brought water, cigarettes and food every few days, really not fun when you smoked all the cigs before the boat came, that's why he quit, he and his friends had to collect the butts from the sand and try to make new ones, he said once he realized how fucking miserable he was, shaking with anxiety looking for butts in the cold night in the fucking sand he just couldn't smoke anymore, he also got bitten in the ass by a baby seal. It was hard bathing as there were a lot of sharks near the island and they got really close to the shore so you couldn't get very deep into the sea. Once he was left alone in the sea swimming because his asshole friend got afraid and swam to the shore, they had a lot of sharks around. It's really boring to be alone in an island with no electricity for days, also the islands in California are shit they are really barren. Also cancer risk is real, spending all that time under the sun really can fuck you up, a paleontologist that my mom worked with got fucked up pretty bad by the sun. A lot of cool stories too, he saw orcas once, people can try to find them for years and he was lucky enough to find them in the wild. His sight is also amazing, when on vacations my mother and him grab beers and stare into the horizon until they find dolphins, it usually doesn't take them too long. Since they are kind of easy to find I'm pretty good at it too. He can also see a fin or a tail for half a second and know which whale he is looking at. Many stories with dolphins kind of swimming by ships and getting to hang out with military and riding on big military ships, good times overall. My mom once shut a bunch of sailors mouths with her fishing skills. Overall the job is a lot of work and a lot of fun and amazing experiences, the sad reality is that the pay is shit and you can't settle down. Ultimately my dad left to work in pharma and my mom rejected a masters in geology to work and settle down. Even if they pursued their careers it would have been impossible to start a family and earning a lead research role is impossible unless you are second on command when the lead dies. He was approached by some people to come back but the pay is really bad, he will likely wait till me and my sister finish college to really consider it, I think he'd love it
Mexico
Looking at some toilets at uni I often wonder if my body is fucked up because I only have one single hole for peeing, im certain that many guys just have dicks made of swiss cheese since pee seems to spray the entire cubicle.
I was introduced to Strange Fruit when kanye used it for a song in Yeezus and honestly, he cant be that bad when his samples are so good.
Their music is so fucking silly, like I get their aesthetic is kind of fucked up but the music is a really silly time.
The first time I listened to Death Grips I listened to No Love, and watched the video with headphones really high volume, it wasn't scary but their music is unsettling, I couldn't look away it was such a strange feeling. 1000% I used to give a fuck!
The huge economic disparity between the wealthy and the extremely poor people in Mexico, how they coexist and still no one seems to give a fuck, I'm right at the middle and how the system is set up really fucks with me.
You know, you could do a lot of things and dinosaurs aren't all, you can dig up all kinds of animals, how mammals evolved is really cool too. Tiny horses for example. Also Parasaurolophus ftw!
It is, my parents loved their work as biologists, but it really it's a hard job to sustain if you plan on settling down. Another thing is that you need to study so so much, and still not be bookish in the sense that you get really dirty and tired, not many nerdish people can do that. If you love to sit on your ass all day the job is not for you, and if you are afraid to grab all kinds of animals too.
Not necessarily well read but overall a cultured person or at least interested in learning new things, a person that is excited about the awesome artistic and natural world that we live in.
I feel like our generation places real value in art, similar artistic tastes should be similar in a couple I feel.
Very true, a friend of mine got his big ass screen because kids would just throw them away after uni because it was easier for them to just get new ones later.
I think that's the whole deal, she had it suppressed until him and his wife started using transvesticism as a fetish, and exploring that side of his sexuality kind of allowed him to explore his gender identity too... If anything the gripe you should have is that lily was a pretty big jerk to her wife.
Trying to talk in the obviously blocked adult chat in AOL as a kid and thinking no one was there... I really wanted to know what adults talked about.
it really depends at what pressure, are farts compresible?
Dota, could play that game forever, maybe CS:GO I just started but it looks so deep.
Sheik, Marth, Fox, Falco. Are you counting Jigglypuff as the fifth? Peach? if so IceClimbers should probably count, and maaybe pikachu right? that guy who played yoshi was really good too.
I dont know, I think yeah the 4 are the highest tier, but you could play vs gods or even be one with lesser characters, much like armada and Hbox are, and wobbles was amazing, I think mango played IC too right?... right now amsa and axe really bring lesser tier characters and take games out of really high skilled players. I'd say the viable high level pool is much larger than 4.
