867, limit to counts, and nobody gets to be Nantes.
Technically it was not the SAS, but the precursor. But more importantly he was SOE. We literally don't know what he did for most of the war because its still classified. We do know that at the end of the war he was tasked to do Nazi hunting.
&gt; The year of the leaks. &gt; &gt; The year of the butterfly effect. &gt; &gt; The year of Dorne... &gt; &gt; And now it's watch has ended. But, in the Year of the Shadow War, it became something greater: our last, best hope... for victory.
I liked that splat.
Reekdepmtion!
Varys, what.
HYPE
Oh god, Olly using Benjen...
And the dude Bran is training under is Aemon's great-uncle whose been missing for 50 years.
&gt; This is more contentious than legalizing meth, I think. There needs to be some provision for allowing plea bargains. The correct policy, I think, is to limit them to 3% of the cases that a prosecutor hears in any given calendar year. Jesus fucking Christ. Do you know how much that would break the system? **In California, its only ~3% of convictions that *aren't* plea bargained!** Not saying it's not a noble goal, but you'd need to massively increase the staffing of every court in the country.
BTW: Over powered counts are: Halfdan Whiteshirt of Jorvik: 6k event troops Halsteinn of Nantes: 2k Interesting character guide: http://www.ckiiwiki.com/Interesting_characters_guide
I might play as one of the others, but in MP it seems less fun as less glorious xwedodah is available.
Dang it, forgot to account for daylights savings, got another hour.
Could use more of the rivers.
&gt; Vinci, a city outside of LA Note: Vinci is clearly [Vernon](https://en.wikipedia.org/?title=Vernon,_California), a town with very big scandals as its essentially 100% industrial and commercial land and only certain city employees live in the city, thus making the city employees the only voters. There's a whole history of corruption allegations and investigations, and attempts to deincorporate the city, as it acts as a sort of tax haven, as the businesses there don't have to pay for any of the residential expenses of their employees (like parks, schools, etc.). Senior employees often had multiple jobs, with raises or extra jobs thrown in right before retirement such that the city manager was getting over 500k a year (plus benefits) in retirement. The Vinci water tower shown in the establishing shot is the Vernon water tower with a bit of photoshop.
Dyeing for his art.
The traditional fastest guy is 83 year old Lyle Denniston. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lyle_Denniston Mostly because he uses a phone.
Ok new Mason does it right.
whose trying to catch Charles Manson, but doesn't realize it yet.
Woo actually seeing the aftermath!
When's the Hannibal food book coming out? I want me some of this glorious dream dinner.
Ugh too much whispering. Had to turn on closed captioning.
Ah crap, Jack is gonna have to go hunt Hannibal so he can pay for Bella's drugs.
http://i.imgur.com/QaDbboN.png
I am Jack's mad face.
The Germans run the ECB, and German fears of Hyper-inflation are a big motivating factor behind their strategy. The ECB thus wants Austerity to keep inflation down. Which is horrible for the Greeks who need inflation. I personally think the ECB's policies are stupid and short sighted. Its hurting the overall economy of the Eurozone except for high value exports, mostly centered in Germany (like cars and industrial equipment). And it's why the EU will eventually need to give more balance to population rather than wealth. I think the current formula for voting and purse powers in the EU that are essentially undemocratic and make it hard for the EU to work as a government.
Because it's a **central bank**, which means its owned by the government (in this case the EU), and its purpose is to control monetary policy. Its mostly Germans, and they wrote the initial rules, which are very anti-inflation.
It sounds like the judge is convinced the divorce was a way to dodge paying the wife's expenses. Which means they probably didn't get a lawyers advice on how to structure things several years ago when it would of made a bigger difference. Unfortunately a scenario like this is common, one spouse is relatively independent while the other requires expensive nursing care. There's ways to deal with it, but it's specialist work for an elder care attorney to deal with (and it varies a lot depending on the situation).
&gt; OS Kirk and Spock were also played by Ukrainian Jews. It also featured the first interracial kiss. The Animated Series added more crew including way more non-humanoid aliens as crew such as M'ress (lion woman) and Arex (3 limbs). &gt; TNG Troi was also an alien played by a Greek lady, which Poland ball shows gets a lot of shit. Its also important to note 3 senior officers were women. Riker's sexuality was suppose to be more fluid was well, but they wussed out (star trek wusses out a lot). &gt; DS9 Worf comes on over to DS9. Casety Yates whose also black. Dax ended up exploring lots of gender identity issues, including having same sex kissing (but again they wussed out). Plus again 3 senior officers who are women. &gt; Voyager Forgot Torres, whose character's name even suggest the actress is hispanic, although I think she's actually mixed race with a Spanish dad and black mom. And of course 4 female senior officers. &gt; Enterprise Yeah they didn't try so hard here compared to the last few.
It really depends on what you carry too, or if you're from a ethnic group with specific genetic issues. For example, if Huntington's runs in your family, its a horrible idea.
Tan, she's Scottish.
What makes it more fucked up is how many of the men volunteered for Combat, forming the 442nd Infantry. The most highly decorated unit in the US army was all Japanese American. Nearly 10,000 purple hearts for a unit whose size was only 4,000 (lots of replacements). One of those men was Daniel Inouye, who became the first Asian congressman. He lost his right arm in the war. And he still faced horrible discrimination when he came home, as Hawaii had massive racial policies intended to keep the white land owners in charge. EDIT: forgot to mention he got denied the medal of honor mostly on account of his race for the incident where he lost his arm.
&gt; I forgot just how open Riker sometimes was. The alien in question was played by a female actress, but was portrayed as being very androgynous. Ultimately, the episode itself was a huge take on gender identity norms, though it was primarily an allegory for homosexuality acceptance and an attack on those religious programs that seek to "cure" gay people. Apparently Franks fought hard for them to cast a man as the genderless alien, but lost.
Beat the Byzantines by becoming them...
Or-y-Gun if you're from the northern part of the state. Or-y-gin if you're more southern.
&gt; But the ACA didn't address TORT reform, which is why American physicians have to practice defensive medicine and constantly worry about lawsuits California has had a Cap on medical torts for 40 + years without increasing the cap. Doesn't seem to make a difference.
&gt; The study is careful to note that because Uber drivers are self-employed, those numbers don’t take into account driving expenses such as gasoline, depreciation, or insurance that employed drivers would have covered. Cool, so I may make 16 dollars per hour before accounting for my insurance, gas, and maintenance, compared to 12 where my costs are covered...
&gt; Absolutely not true. Uber covers the driver with commercial quality insurance for the times that the app is active Only since the middle of last year when they were sued and were forced to by the CPUC http://www.mercurynews.com/business/ci_25345400/san-francisco-uber-announces-new-insurance-policy-drivers
Start ups doing this include AirBnB, Uber, Lyft, Handy, Eaze, Luxe, Washio, Saucey...
I was using one example of 16 versus 12 to show that if you stop to think about 3 dollar a gallon gas prices, they're almost certainty making less in that city than a taxi driver.
&gt; they rush the field prematurely Cal loves them for that. [The Play](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mfebpLfAt8g)
It's all bretbart crap
Actually you should bitch. The ADA operates under what's called a [private attorney general](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Private_attorney_general), which requires people to sue to actually enforce the ADA.
Bear seems like a pretty happy dude.
Ass Ass Ass Ass Astronomical leader
They also believed in slavery. So holding their opinion as holy writ is suspect.
1. The Coven knew where she was. 2. The Coven can reach into hell. 3. The Coven can bring back the dead. So assuming she's totes dead for good is silly. And I think Sarah Paulson's Supreme is about to fuck up the cortez in a way she couldn't in murder house.
The time between shutting down the Sears catalog and Amazon being founded is less than a year.
It wasn't necessarily misogynistic, the study they cited showed its very much a generational divide.
Robert was a lazy general. He was a great fighter. Would of been happier if he was a sellsword.
The Jerkest Jerk who ever Jerked.
Any moron can plant a cake!
Which organ?
Scarlet was right, we were reborn. Except for her... Lol even Scarlet knows she's kinda pointless.
Given time, Democracy always works. The biggest problem is the need for reforms to make it more successful. Usually transparency, and some form of check and balances. But jesus, Germany and Japan were the biggest dictatorships on earth, and are doing pretty good. A good chunk of the Warsaw pact is now part of the EU. Even Taiwan has transitioned from a one party dictatorship to multi-party democracy.
Mainland China has grown quite a bit since Jackie Chan got started.
I love it, except no gloves, and does not look antiseptic. Worried the OP is gonna get a massive infection so close to their brain.
I'm in Wheaton. My wife works a quarter mile away and due to how many roads are ice and how she's gotta deal with the hill its very slow to get home.
Here's a paper on it. http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=888419
A. Fuck your high horse. B. I'm providing generalized legal information, not actual specific advice based on facts. C. A private attorney general action is a specific style of action which requires a private person to bring a lawsuit to enforce a law. The Attorney General part comes in because the person is acting in liu of the Attorney General. The government, in the form of the Attorney General, has the option to take over the lawsuit. The intention is to shift the cost of enforcement off the Government, as private actors can make money enforcing the law.
1. Your tone and manner are offensive, especially as you began by attacking me for using a term you were simply [unfamiliar with](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Private_attorney_general). 2. I am barred in my jurisdiction. My state's PR rules require use application of facts to an interpretation of law to be legal advice. 3. Private Attorney General Actions are similar to Qui Tams, I don't generally practice in the relevant courts to say how much. Here's a law review article: http://www.billrubenstein.com/Downloads/private_attorney_general.pdf Here's the key ADA CFR via LII https://www.law.cornell.edu/cfr/text/28/part-36/subpart-E Notice how it sets up the private right of action, but gives an intervening right for the Attorney General.
Unfortunately that's too specific of a question to answer ethically as it dependent on where you are, and whose suing and why. (Among other things, many states have their own ADA rules as well as the Federal ADA).
Where's a Costco with booze? I miss that being in Montgomery county.
Yup, good old Kirkland. I like their Crown knock off, although their Vodka is amazing. (supposedly they bought a factory from Grey Goose)
Specifically they've taken up a number of related beliefs that for various reasons they are immune to government acts. There's 3 main types. 1. Religious Types: You see them with stuff like license plates and homemade driver's licenses issued by the 'Kingdom of God'. They tend to believe that only a government following God's Rules is valid. Thus they can ignore the government. 2. Diplomatic types: These folks tend to either attempt some fig leaf of succession or buy passports online from someone else who is. They try and argue they are thus diplomats, and have diplomatic immunity as 'Ambassadors' from the Republic of Makebelieve. 3. (And most common) are Constitutionals, They believe that the Constitution is real, but how that the government is using legal tricks that a savvy person can avoid. They tend to use fringe interpretations using stuff like the fringe of a flag to argue the court is applying admiralty law, and is inapplicable to them. There's also lots of talk about legal strawmen, or contracts with the government, in the belief that the government is trying to trick them into stuff like paying taxes or getting drivers licenses. In short, its mostly people who really don't want to pay taxes/fees/get car insurance/get their license reinstated and think the law is magic, and if they can use the right words they are immune.
Just saw the first flakes here in Wheaton
Is that when those fuckers have the fire alarm go off? - A neighbor who looks in your windows.
Gareth's Disney Princess Song...
Set your DVRs..
Except in 2004 at least, the right wing lurch worked. Mostly because Bush was able to use Gay Marriage to scoop up some folks in the middle, and the right has been better organized in swing states. But the Right in the US has been fighting demographic shifts since 2000. America is a little less all white, the mega collation of Evangelical Christians has fallen apart, and the democrats are better at using social media for organizing voter turn out. (specifically stuff like making sure people in swing states get to the polls).
Note that the Taxi's have a lot more restrictions on them. Uber/Lyft tend to get around them. Sometimes more legally than not. For example, there's insurance issues. Uber for the longest time tried to argue they weren't doing a livery business and didn't need livery insurance, which is far more expensive (mostly because livery insurance factors in the miles and has bigger requirements for accident coverage). But there's additional stuff, like how they often have to subsidize dial a ride services or offer services to the disabled. Uber and Lyft have been having issues where some of the drivers have ditched on rides that have seeing eye dogs.
It's one half of Jeffster!
Hey did the snow collapse your pool cover? My wife wants to know
Stacy was the one whose image we don't use anymore.
This owner is crazy with a capital K. Clear she's got hoarding issues and won't accept taking a loss or throwing anything out. Hence the frozen food since she can avoid any losses.
Statutory Rape is a strict liability crime where not knowing age, or even being lied to is not a defense. Perhaps its a shitty law, but that's the breaks.
And not even all American States have this law. But Tinder is based out of LA, which is in California, which has 18 as the age of consent.
Otoh the state where Tinder is Headquartered is one of those states.
He's still mad that he didn't buy Geico.
Japan does this now after massive amounts of fraud. Turns out while Japan does have longevity, more than a few folks were hiding deaths to get benefits checks.
Additionally, in California, a divorce attorney can be paid via a lien on the family house. Its intended for a case like this, with stay at home parent who has little to no personal resources, although there may be decent shared assets.
&gt; 'd rather finish school asap and pass the bar and then start working Dude, I went to a 2nd tier Cal school about 100 spots up the ranking from yours. It took me 3 years to get a law job, despite being patent barred, and top 10% of my class and passing the bar the first time. At best your law school has a 38% bar passage rate. You're in the back half of the class already. You may take several years to pass the bar. And odds are you will never pass the bar in your current condition. Further, your school does not have a great rep. Even being top 5% of your class is going to be rough. And you're not going to be in that. Dude, you fucked up, but you have options now. I'm assuming you're pretty young. Under 25. I'd take the time off now and regroup. Go into the work force. You currently only have a 30k mistake. Sucks, but that happens. You were not ready or mature enough for law school. Your law school was one that you need to really think about. You do not want a law school ranked below 100 unless its free, and even then you need to weigh options. What you really need to do is mature. Go spend 5 years working, mature. Retake the LSAT and try to get a decent score. Make a compelling life story, and find a cheap state school even outside of california. Right now you're struggling to stay in a relatively bad law school at high tuition with low odds of bar passage and low odds of any sort of meaningful job. IF! you succeed, you're looking at 10 years of struggle to find work and build a career. If you take off and go work, you will mature, get better LSAT schools, you can have 10 much less shittier years to get a chance of legal employment. Over those ten years off you might find another option. That's ok too. Being laser focused on law now isn't a great idea. You went to law school when you weren't personally mature enough or knew enough about how you performed to be ready for the tests.
O chem or P chem? O. Chem is better with masters/phd since you can do pharma. Also fuck law school right now, go get a patent examiner job (USAjobs.GOV). Become an examiner, get your night school at GWU Law paid for by the government, and avoid all debt and make 100k+ while in law school.
A masters is nice, and means higher step/grade for the patent office. The nice thing is they have a long lead process, so you can easily apply while in school. You will almost certainly have to move to DC. but really its worth it. Also to be fair, o-chem is a bit more overcrowded than some fields, so a masters will help. Otoh, organometallics (nasty fucking shit!) seem less common. My managing partners both actually went to Catholic University instead of GWU. (theres like 2 other options I think). It's really common in the DC area to be an examiner first, and that is where most biotech work is anyway. I actually have a physics/chemE undergrad double major, and a failed stab at a phd before I went back. I was part of the crazy bubble years which made finding employment a bit harder. Doing via the PTO means guaranteed employment, no issues with the patent bar, and minimal debt. Not to mention maryland and virgina have joke bars compared to my cal bar.
Bandon? Cause they are owned now by Tillamook
Check here http://www.uspto.gov/sites/default/files/OED_GRB.pdf Page 4 of the PDF identifies the majors as well as the CS accreditation requirements. "*Acceptable Computer Science degrees must be accredited by the Computer Science Accreditation Commission (CSAC) of the Computing Sciences Accreditation Board (CSAB), or by the Computing Accreditation Commission (CAC) of the Accreditation Board for Engineering and Technology (ABET), on or before the date the degree was awarded." Then option B: i. Op tion 1: 24 semester hours in physics. Only physics courses for physics majors will be accepted. ii. Option 2: 32 semester hours in a combination consisting of the following: 8 semester hours of chemistry or 8 semester hours of physics, and 24 semester hours in biology, botany, microbiology, or molecular biology. The 8 semester hours in chemistry or 8 semester hours of physics must be obtained in two sequential courses, each course including a lab. Only courses for science or engineering majors will be accepted. iii. Option 3: 30 semester hours in chemistry. Only chemistry courses for chemistry majors will be accepted. iv. Option 4: 40 semester hours in a combination consisting of the following: 8 semester hours of chemistry or 8 semester hours of physics, and 32 semester hours of chemistry, physics, biology, botany, microbiology, molecular biology, or engineering. (For Computer Science, see other acceptable course work.) The 8 semester hours of chemistry or 8 semester hours of physics must be obtained in two sequential courses, each course including a lab. Only courses for science or engineering majors will be accepted. For Computer Science, see other "Other Acceptable Course Work." All acceptable coursework for Options 2 and 4 must be for science or engineering majors x. Other Acceptable Course Work: Under Option 4, up to four semester hours will be accepted for courses in design engineering or drafting. Also, under Option 4, computer science courses that stress theoretical foundations, analysis, and design, and include substantial laboratory work, including software development will be accepted. Such courses include the representation and transformation of information structures, the theoretical models for such representations and transformations, basic coverage of - 7 - algorithms, data structures, software design with a laboratory, programming languages with a laboratory, and computer organization and architecture. Other acceptable courses in computer science include artificial intelligence and robotics, networking, linear circuits, logic circuits, operating systems, and software methodology and engineering. However, the courses may not be substituted for the eight semester hours of chemistry or physics required under Option 4.
Most importantly: Option 4: 40 semester hours in a combination consisting of the following: 8 semester hours of chemistry or 8 semester hours of physics, and 32 semester hours of chemistry, physics, biology, botany, microbiology, molecular biology, or engineering. (For Computer Science, see other acceptable course work.) Then its that big list of various courses which can count. The big thing is you need 8 semester hours of chemistry or physics that are actual engineering level physics/chem PLUS 32 hours.
Go be a patent examiner first, its cheaper, quicker, and a back door to being a patent agent. To do that, find patent examiner on USAJOBS.gov The USPTO hires in spurts, but go work for a year or two while you do LSATs and figure out which DC area law school will take you. Catholic and GW have night programs full of examiners. Why do this? 1. PTO has various reimbursement programs they offer from time to time to make law school free. 2. Lots of examiners to attend with, so makes it much easier for finding jobs afterwards, etc. 3. Get paid while you work, with a phd you can make 100k+ from the patent office within 3 years.
&gt; Who is to know he's not a lair or a psychopath Honestly this reminded me of an Episode of 'King of the Hill' where they pressure their niece to keep dating the president of Larsen Pork Products. In the end he was a psycho trying to control the niece to re-enact a mural on his nursery wall.
Shoot, at this point is Dany the legal heir to all the dead claimants?
Honestly my firm's partners and of counsels all went examiner-night school route. They worked at big law known patent firms with night school JDs from one of several DC schools. Considering they graduated with no debt and a firm understanding of an art unit, it was pretty rewarding for them. Sometimes I wish that I did that (but I met my wife by going to law school where I did).
I did the majority of the high level fishing for my server's AQ gates in Vanilla. Hours upon hours in Winterspring. Like real fishing I was drunk most of the time.
The whiskey thing was wide spread. Roads sucked in much of the US, so bringing crops to market in distant cities was a pain, and it was a lot less work to make grain into alcohol and take that to market rather than take the grain.
Otoh, it beats the previous spy satellites which used film, and had to drop the film capsules back to earth. (Some of them had multiple capsules so it could drop the film after a set amount of time). The movie 'Ice Station Zebra' involves the Russians and Americans racing to get to one of these capsules first.
Lazy tool. It just shows you patents that were granted 20 years ago. Which doesn't necessarily mean they expired today. Some of them were expired for years before that since there's several things which affect the date. For instance, patents filed before June 8, 1995 and for patents that were still in force on June 8, 1995, the patent term is either 17 years from the issue date or 20 years from the filing date of the earliest U.S. or international (PCT) application to which priority is claimed (excluding provisional applications), the longer term applying. Meaning some of these patents actually expired up to 3 years before. Not to mention there's an extension for patents which take a long time to process (mostly pharma due to FDA compliance), meaning they may actually still be in force. And these things called terminal disclaimers which can significantly reduce the length of the patent. This is a lazy replacement for actual research, and is just someone who made a website doing a custom google patents search for patents granted 20 years before.
Yup. Next panel would be homeless break into the place, start living there, as the true landlords lose track of the place, or get in a legal dispute. Property loses value, eventually getting torn down/sold off.
SF is weird because new housing is really hard to make, and there's no room to expand within the city. Otoh lots of it is a bubble, and its caused by speculators/people hiding wealth. SF is going to hurt when the next bubble bursts in Tech and Housing at the same time. Way too many people in tech came in after the dot-com crash and didn't learn their lessons. When a few thousand apartments suddenly come on the market at the same time due to techies needing to liquidate their houses, the prices will crash. Otoh how far and how much is an open question.
The Pearl also doesn't fit since it was mostly industrial properties that became squatters places back in the 90s after the industrial crash. Hobos moved in and did heroin, then artists took over some of the properties, which started the gentrification cycle. And it's never reached the banker stage, now it's mostly either techies or other professionals.
&gt;Lyft arrives in 5 min max, but lets say 10 min for the fun of it &gt; take off 30 minutes for the Lyft ride there and back At that point it's 40 minutes, you're better off with Red Line for 2.50 then a lyft ride.
&gt; The whole place should be done Hong Kong-style with 90-100 floor condo parks around a subway Yes, but NIMBYism is huge in SF, and SSF is fucked anyways because Menlo Park and Atherton sue the crap out of Caltrain and make BART a joke. &gt;All those two and three story houses have to go, those old victorian houses are going to kill a lot of people. People put outsized trust in older houses there. Yup, but they are iconic, and so people will pay insane amounts. I think the house from 'Full House' is worth something like 3 million dollars now. Maybe after the next big one wrecks some neighborhoods will there be the redevelopment that will actually reduce housing costs and make it so the police/firefighters/teachers/etc in the city don't need to drive 2 hours each way to get to work.
Pretty much yeah.
I just wanna tell you both: good luck. We're all counting on you.
Cinderella story, out of nowhere, former greenskeeper, now about to become the Masters champion. It looks like a mirac- it's in the hole! It's in the hole!
I'll have to find the exact cite, but the example I remember is a potential client comes in to seek help for a PI claim, lawyer says I don't do that, but the statue of limitations is X years, when its actual -1. Non-client waits due to advice, was able to seek damages for detrimental reliance on the lawyer's advice.
I personally liked "Mizumono" better, the visuals of it with Hannibal walking out after his murderous spree in the house into the rain was just incredible.
"Would you like me to lie to you now?"
Interesting enough I know a guy who lived in that exact same house like a year or two before this incident.
&gt; The Killing Fields A better example is 'The Year of Living Dangerously' where they had a dwarf white woman play an Asian man. And win an academy award for it.
&gt; They don't own the stories they came from, but they own their interpretations of those characters and stories A better example is 'Wizard of Oz'. The Judy Garland movie is still under copyright but the basic story is in the public domain. So if an element refers to the movie, its copyrighted, but to the story its public domain. So if you use elements of the Judy Garland movie, you can be sued. For instance, commemorative plates featuring Judy Garland as Dorthy are a violation of MGM's copyright (not to mention potentially the right of publicity of Judy Garland). A really clear example is what color are the slippers. The slippers are ruby slippers only in the movie. The slippers in the movie are silver. So as a result there's copyright protection for adaptions and other derivative works, but its thinner than the original. It only protects the new content.
Heck yesterday's top AdviceAnimal was also pretty close (Except it was a first date).
And shit, Pence is worse. Trump is a crazy Cheeto whose corrupt and doesn't know what he's doing. Pence knows what the fuck he's doing, and don't care about anyone whose not in his little niche of Dominonists. He read 'A Handmaiden's Tale' and thought it was a 'how-to guide'.
The DNC was asking for it, dressed like that.
But where will I do my drugs?
Ugh that update. I'm thinking either a love stuck mormon missionary or a more complicated crazy wife raising plan. I'm much more in favor of troll now.
This one is fun, and actually makes sense when you learn why. So you think the odds would be 1 in 365 to share a birthday? That's true. But the odds of not sharing a birthday are 364/365. That's only between two people. The odds of 3 people not sharing a birthday require that neither person has the same birthday as you or each other, so you need to multiple that number 364/365 by 363/365. As you add more people you need to multiple the odds of not sharing by another smaller number for each person. And while each of these numbers is ~99% it adds up when you're doing it 23 times.
I did the same. Went to a sleep clinic 3 months ago. I stop breathing 93 times an hour. I now have a CPAP machine and it's probably going to extend my life by 20 years due to lowering my blood pressure and reducing the stress on my body.
Lok'tar ogar!
&gt; depending on the state Nope, it's a federal law. Anywhere in the US it's illegal to create, possess or distribute.
Depends on from where. Big difference if its Beaverton TC or going from Ikea.
Reagan made the basic plan, GWB expanded it to cell phones. Racist white people blame Obama.
Consider starting the application process BEFORE the end. My school put final grades up after dates for new scholarship and transfers so you had to already be in the pipeline. Otoh it kinda depends if its a state school in a small market versus a meh 3rd Tier in a good market. Like going from USF to Boalt, GW to Georgetown or Brooklyn to NYU is very different than say from UofO to Lewis and Clark.
Also note that US issues with Slavery are different due to not only having the mix of different economies but also that Cotton became such a dominating force. The North had slavery, but between 1790 and 1800 nearly all of the 'north' outlawed slavery or began gradual manumission. Slaves were doing the jobs of servants or hired help. They weren't economically a corner stone. The Cotton Gin came during pivotal period. See while others talk about Indigo or Sugar, they were not widespread in the US. The US isn't great land for sugarcane or coffee. Indigo was valuable, but it had only limited areas it could grow, like South Carolina and Georgia. The thought during the founder's era was slavery would die out on its own. You see mechanisms in the Constitution for this, as slave trade bans were allowed after a set amount of time. Heck, even slave owner Jefferson signed the actual ban on transatlantic slave trade. Also the US had differing demographics than most of the New World. Most colonies using extensive slave labor were plantation focused, and/or had extensive native populations (like Mexico). In those places whites were never a majority. The europeans mixed with the natives and slave population to form a mixed race class between the slaves and the white owners/elite. Especially as white and black freely intermarried. Brazil is a notable country where intermarriage has led to a mostly mix raced demographic (Pardo is a common term). Intermarriage was more common in parts of the US during the founders era. But there was resistance as the jobs Pardo might take in Latin America, such as trades and middle management on plantations, were taken by poor white immigrants in the US. The Cotton Gin is an insanely critical invention to the US and also helps to explain the difference. The US banned slave trading right as the cotton gin took off. The big thing the cotton gin did was make it much easier to process cotton by removing the seeds via a the gin rather than by hand. It made cotton much more valuable for textiles, and represented a massive income potential for the Southern US. That cotton needed slaves to pick it. It was a hard job and not one well desired by free peoples. Slaves could be forced to pick (as well as tend) cotton on plantations and make obscene profits. The price of slaves steadily increased due to the new demand for slaves driven by cotton. But remember how I talked about the slave trade being banned? Led to a problem as there was no new source for slaves. Combine this with a larger free population of whites led to a crackdown on who was a slave and what you could do. Now the one drop rule and its variants came into play. Under these rules, anyone who was the child of a slave mother was a slave. Didn't matter the father's status, be it a freed slave or white master. It also became impossible to marry between the races, and even freeing slaves became more difficult. The value of slaves increasing made it harder to economically free your slaves, as they represented most of your capital that could be easily liquidated. This also ties into Cotton becoming the chief cash crop, as the plantation owners were usually in a cycle of debt payments caused by over-expansion to plant cotton, which eventually exhausts the soil of their plantations, causing a need to expand west. The conditions in the South due to cotton led to increased laws and harshness on African Americans, as even freed slaves may end up re-enslaved due to abuse of fugitive slave laws. The moral ugliness of this led to various justifications. Some of it was twisted religious interpretations, claiming for instance that Black people are the 'Children of Ham', and cursed by god to be black. Some of this was also belief that black people were inferior, and the white people were bringing them culture, or taking care of them, etc etc. This culture of justification of slavery existed long after slavery ended. People don't want to think their Grandfather was a monster. They will justify and explain, and rationalize away their ancestors acts. So after the Civil War this culture existed, and despite efforts during the reconstruction era to help freed slaves, it was always half hearted. The post-reconstruction southern governments clamped down on political rights for freed slaves and instituted what we now call Jim Crow. Basically massive restrictions on blacks, preventing them from freely integrating in society. Some of this was payback for reconstruction, some of this was a belief that blacks were inferior, some of this was just fear of social unrest. But in some places Black people were all but slaves again, working now as 'sharecroppers' and being paid only in worthless script. If they tried to leave, they were threatened with arrest for vagrancy, whose punishment was enforced labor. In some places this was effectively going on until the 1960s. Combine this with a sense that black people were 'the other' and there was very little social spending for African Americans. Separate schools with essentially no funding, schemes to suppress votes, being left out of various economic efforts such as the new deal, federally back mortgages, etc.
WTF is doing up at 3.
I love Hip Hop!
Sleep Clinics for fucks sake. Resisted for 10 years. Turns out I've got severe Apnea. Stop breathing over 90 times an hour when asleep. Getting a CPAP machine has helped a massive amount, I no longer stop breathing, no longer snore, and I've been losing weight and having better blood pressure because it turns out that sort of sleep disorder makes your entire body stressed.
It's gonna be like tape, still used by big enough systems but rare for consumers.
Lol it was so frustrating playing him with Epic Fetus.
Seriously, it's a great technique when it's a huge daunting list, especially when its for tasks that can easily be pushed back (until its so many it's overwhelming). Did this last time I moved, and it made my life less hell, as it's a matter of doing a couple items a day (like call and figure out utilities, clean individual rooms, box up clothes, etc).
The biopsy wasn't well informed, and it's part of a systematic misuse of black people as research subjects. Remember this is the same time as Tuskegee experiments. Furthermore, the family's medical information was published as part of the data to support HeLa cell use, and even the genetic code was published. Also this is the same era as Vivien Thomas and his mistreatment by the staff of John Hopkins. Graded and paid the same as a janitor, he was responsible for teaching a generation of heart surgeons. So in short, it feeds into a culture of mistrust against the medical establishment in the African American community, who feel they are at risk of being experiments rather than patients.
With Mos Def and Alan Rickman playing the leads.
&gt; notarized Grandma might be from Latin America, where Notario's are actually a form of lawyer. Unfortunately it's a common mistake and leads to fraud and scams common in California with 'Notarios' claiming they can help with legal documents.
[I still say its Purgatory. They all kinda suck, but can improve.](https://www.reddit.com/r/TheGoodPlace/comments/5555q1/episode_discussion_s01e04_jason_mendoza/d88te36/) [Others have more discussion](https://www.reddit.com/r/TheGoodPlace/comments/542ddv/episode_discussion_s01e03_tahani_aljamil/d7yllk5/)
Literally 4 people who don't think they are in Hell who are put in a room to torture each other for eternity.
Also Tahani is kinda shallow, desiring the fame and attention her sister got, and treating her social work as a means for that. She basic. All of her actions in the afterlife were also at first vanity things. Parties and so forth to feel like she fits in. Getting points so she can be better. Chidi is also one whose decision on what's ideal best means he's been the enemy of doing good. Instead of practicing ethics, he thinks about them. He's good a good intention, but he's so literally unable to decide it makes everyone miserable and he doesn't actually do good. His book is a rambling mess, he lacks his own theories and instead tries to use all the various different theories on ethics. Also, when Chidi is introduced to the concept there really is an objective score, he's not at all troubled at the nature of there being a bad place. The only problem is when he has subjective issues. He's so caught up in the concept of what is good and bad and ethical ramifications of his actions, he never acts. Jason is an idiot, whose a petty thief and horrible person, but also seems to be legit mentally impaired. Perhaps what ever organic brain damage that caused his behavior (I'm guessing huffing) doesn't apply to his afterlife self. I think that's why there's been glimpses of him being able to learn and grow.
Wilson's 14 points for peace?
Are you saying I should follow him and purposely do the opposite of this man's instincts? Is he George Constanza?
That and they streamlined the Martell family, removing Quentyn Martell. His story and plot line was actually interesting, and shows what Doran was actually doing while pretending to be a coward. But the way it played out in the last book was a shaggy dog story.
Florida actually has both. Alligators in the north, Crocodiles in the south.
The best one that's aged badly: O. J. Simpson is a. an R &amp; B singer. b. under indictment. c. embarrassed by his first name (Olivia). d. no one to fool with. Correct answer: d.
I mean more like a large number of Maltese who work abroad as Maltese translators for EU institutions required to have a speaker of every official language.
There's actually a fair amount of Maltese translator positions, because various EU entities, like the Office of Harmonization in the Internal Market (which does trademarks EU wide) needs to be able to translate every single official language, including Maltese.
Only assuming normal levels of voting. If turnout goes up to 2008 levels, it can and will make those safe seats unsafe.
Think of this as your doctor bringing in a specialist. Maybe you broke a bone and went to the ER. The trauma doc is good, but the doc will have a Radiologist consult. And if surgery is recommended, the doc will have an Orthopedic Surgeon do the actual surgery. Here your attorney is bringing in additional specialists. Possibly because one's known for a specific type of cross-examination. Maybe because they're better at specific trial motions. If you watch any show or movie about the OJ Simpson Trial, you'll see how there were a bunch of lawyers, but each had their specialty. Some are court room attorneys, some do deals. Some are great in front of juries, while others are great about very specific fields like DNA. Samething is happening here. You should ask when appropriate what experience the other firm is bringing in, and confirm any fee the additional law firm is coming out of the existing share. But that should also be in your agreement with the firm. None of this is unusual.
Which one? She's got two.
In a very narrow field of engineering, like traffic engineering, holding yourself out to the public as an engineer without your PE is a violation. This dude was holding press conferences on the traffic lights in his home town, which is that field. He also applied for a job with the PE board, saying I'm an engineer, hire me.
Go here: https://www.scribd.com/document/346354143/mats1 Then read the related documents to see what he's actually charged with.
&gt; Very few actual engineering jobs actually require a PE license And traffic engineering in Oregon actually happens to be one. People are giving this article way more credit then it deserves for sensationalizing the topic. [Here is the actual defination for engineering under the board](http://arcweb.sos.state.or.us/pages/rules/oars_800/oar_820/820_040.html) its pretty limited to 4 areas, traffic engineering, structural engineering, geotechnical Engineering, and electrical engineering. Note EE by their examples is the design and practice of electrical systems for buildings.
&gt; Like, I'm pretty sure no software/chemical/process engineers would pass whatever tests the Oregon State Board of Examiners for Engineering and Land Surveying would put down as it's clearly aimed at the construction industry Which is why they don't aim it at them. [Their definations of engineer](http://arcweb.sos.state.or.us/pages/rules/oars_800/oar_820/820_040.html) only has 4 categories they care about. All of which are civil engineering, covering structural engineering, traffic engineering, geotechnical engineering and 'electrical engineering' (which is pretty much limited to building electrical systems). This dude was holding himself out as an engineer while discussing traffic engineering to the board. [He also talks about how he's been working in traffic engineering in his letter to the board ](https://www.scribd.com/document/346354143/mats1)
I urge you to read the rules which greatly narrow the law to only certain fields of engineering all of which are commonly understood to be PE fields. They only care because he's saying he's an engineer in the context of traffic engineering and he also tells the board he's been working within the field of traffic engineering.
In this case its because traffic engineering is a licensed and bonded field because they want to insure basic competency. Mostly because of a history of bad civil engineering causing disasters. The reason why engineer versus licensed engineer is a thing here is because of misleading the public. It's really easy to imply you're a licensed engineer by just stating you're an engineer. For comparisons's sake, there's this thing widespread in Spanish-speaking communities in the US called Noratio fraud. Notaries in Spanish speaking counties are a form of lawyer. Notary Public's in the US are not, they just stamp forms to prove dates. Noratio fraud is all about not saying you're a lawyer but saying your a noratio to Spanish speaking immigrants and charging thousands to stamp forms and fraudulently practice law. As a result there's a crack down on the term as it misleads people. Here the issue is the dude is not a licensed engineer with respect to traffic engineering, and his attempts to go to the media and the public and sell them on his system, while styling himself as an engineer is misleading. Especially when he's talking to the public about traffic engineering when that's not part of his education, training or experience. It's like doctor Oz's bullshit about green coffee. Doctor Oz is a surgeon. He's not competent to talk about green coffee messing with your blood chemistry.
Before, her last episode on Save by the Bell was 2 days after her first episode on cheers.
The good episodes of Raymond were fantastic. Heavily due to the strong writing. Ray himself is a weaker TV comic actor than Kevin James, so the acting on King of Queens usually had to make up for it. Both casts had strong supporting actors, especially Ray's parents and Jerry Stiller.
Why the fuck does a guy who has a waterfront summer home in a major area get so cheap to ask reddit for legal advice?
(References to crazy ass conspiracy theories that lizard people from another world occupy positions of power).
Lindsay: People hear the name Tobias, they think 'big black guy.' Tobias: Well, obviously, I'm not a big guy.
&gt;The children now love luxury. They have bad manners, contempt for authority; they show disrespect for elders and love chatter in place of exercise -- Socrates ~400 BCE
&gt; except for stem jobs Even then it's the right type of STEM job. Lot less process engineers around in Semiconductors due to larger and more centralized foundries, as well as the growth of fab-less companies using a few large foundries.
The big thing is their roll over shit is where it gets predatory and means they long since made a profit and covered deadbeats. EG say you make say 1k a month. your normal budget for stuff is like 900, with 100 left over. You do save and do a credit union, but its a struggle. Something breaks or an unexpected expense happens. you need 250 above what you've got saved/earned. Some lenders charge as much as 30 dollars per hundred, or more. A calculator I just checked said a 30 day loan for 250 would have a total payment of $357. So that means you can't even pay the interest off with your 100 bucks a month. you're actually owning more each month of paying. In 3 months of paying they made it back, but you'll owe now even more. Thats where these loans get fucked up. That's where there needs to be protections, to prevent people from rolling over their payday loans. Company only ever gave out 250, yet in a year will have made over 1,000 and you'll owe several times that. A short term high interest loan is ok. But not rollovers or other shit that keeps people with little choice on the hook. People go to these lenders usually because they lack a social network able to come up with that 250 they originally needed. So policies like roll over loans that count as new loans make people more in debt.
$270k in Emoluments from a foreign prince.
Most are actually made in the US, the podcast Startup talked with some of the people making them, as they used to work for American Apparel. Ironically lots of undocumented immigrants work there.
It was, and it didn't happen in the book. Which is why some people were upset with it.
Also shaking out what works, and if they are a spinoff or remake its where a show becomes its own. EG the US 'Office' changes its formula, while 'Parks and Rec' ditches its 'office' formula. Sometimes its also just really figuring out the characters and writing process. The pilot and first season need to introduce characters and establish stuff usually. Once stuff is established, and the characters exist, then you learn how to produce funny from it. The biggest danger is 'flanderization' where the characters become one note when before they were more interesting. However, that same process can also produce clarity as you know who the character is, so you can see how they would react.
I mean technically if his friend was an enlisted pilot in the army who transferred over in the 50s, it might be true. But then his friend would be at least 90 years old.
Possibly he never flew, and liked to imply he did. Lots of folks who did stuff like clerical work, refueling, or were cooks will bullshit what they did. Goes along with depression. Maybe he enlisted and the recruiter lied (cause they do that) and said if he enlisted he'd have a path to pilot easily. (It's possible, but from what I understand pretty difficult).
Oh, you're so stolid! You weren't like that before the beard.
[And it's not too difficult to track](https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2017/05/trumps-company-isnt-tracking-all-the-money-it-gets-from-foreign-governments/527997/)
Aka the entire point of Firefly, where the rebels lost and go out to the frontier.
Also Boomer's started to take control of the Government in 77 as the demographic transition set in. The first crop of democrats were known as Watergate Babies. Funny enough they mostly thought New Dealism was unneeded and were the ones to get into neoliberal economics as the Nixon realignment made the big issues in America social and not economic. eg. Abortion, guns, gays, death penalty etc.
Otoh could Superman use Thor's hammerif he beat Thor? I'd think he'd probably be worthy. Batman probably not. Although classic Odin would like Batman way more.
&gt; the top of all-time in /r/bestoflegaladvice because it's often a bunch of people incriminating themselves Or landlocks.
That's the thing, Howard's not so much a lawyer as he's what's called a rainmaker. Howard is the guy who goes to lunches and plays golf. He goes to meeting and shakes hands. He shows up in court and sits next to the client. Howard is all about the service of the law. Chuck is the opposite. He's a guy whose all about the practice of the law.
At this point its foreshadowing. Chuck talking about getting better, the doctor warning about relapses. Chuck losing all his ties to the world and his chosen profession. Not to mention the discussion of his lanterns stacked on newspapers, and the final episode title being 'Lantern'. TLDR: Chuck's going to have a fire.
Technically she resigned in January. She's only been acting as patent office director since then.
That pun is Patently Obvious.
The point I'm making about PTAB judges is they were for a while not properly appointed. (More specifically BPAI judges). [John Duffy wrote a great paper on how the USPTO director did not pass the constitutional requirements to appoint BPAI judges ](https://files.alston.com/files/docs/DuffyArticle.pdf) as a result ~7 years of appointments were invalid. Congress responded by confirming their decisions, giving the power back to Sec. Commerce, and the Sec. Commerce backdating their appointments.
Sessions otherwise was never going to rise above his place in the senate. He has a horrible tarnished legacy before coming to the AG's office. Being rejected for a federal judgeship is a massive slam against someone. He didn't have the skills within the Senate either to be a powerbroker, as his base was always with neo-confederate wingnuts. This was Sessions thinking he had a chance, and not realizing Trump is fickle.
It's not about the confirmation, its about people willing to take their job. People are worried about their future if they associate with Trump. It's clear Trump is fickle, and there's a shit tonne of vultures about. There will be some opportunists who want the job. But Sessions was already one, and is getting thrown under the bus.
Also there's a few big topics you need to be completely honest about and either completely agree with your partner about or have an actual open and honest for realz compromise. The biggest ones are Kids, Marriage, Money. Do you want kids? How many, how soon? This can be a massive source of pain for people who are not actually honest about this. If you don't want kids and you know it, you need to be clear. Vice versa, if you want kids and you know it, you need to be clear. This is not a revisit in a year or 5 year topic. This is a hill your relationship lives and dies on. You cannot really change someone's mind on whether or not they want kids. You can agree on compromises like how soon, how many, and how (bio versus adopting). But you cannot compromise between Yes and No. If you think you can change their mind, you're wrong. You need to look in the mirror and realize you are the asshole, who cannot be honest with their partner. You are at most giving a bit of extra life to a relationship at the cost of your partner's long term fulfillment. You cannot convert someone who does not want kids to want a child. Similarly you cannot convince someone who wants kids to give it up. At most you can stall for time and create a bitter horrible ending. Similarly and related is marriage. You see this especially with couples who were dating before their mid/late twenties. People often will want to establish roots and create a home. Marriage to some people is a partnership and wonderful. Others, for their own reasons, hate the idea of it, and view it as a restriction to their freedom. This is one I see people push out often until ~30. Then its shit or get off the pot time. Now note, I do know couples that hate marriage per se, but are fine with a commitment. Basically something religious but not civil. That's ok if that's what you want, but that's something you need to agree on. Don't try and placate someone with a half ceremony. Lastly money. How big of priority is it? how much now versus later? What do you want to do with it? When do you want to retire? What do you view about debt and credit? What's worth to put on a loan, versus what's not? Now r/personalfinance may try to create a perfect answer, but the truth is its about what you guys can agree to live with. If you are both ok being squirrels saving for winter, and being on r/frugal, that's ok. If you both would rather spend more on today, and take trips while young rather than retire a year earlier, that's ok too. There are somethings that are going to produce less stress, like having someway to reasonably pay off an unexpected expense. But its about being on the same basic wavelength. If one of you is a miser who likes to save 90% of their income, and the other spends 90%, there will be conflict. There's other stuff about how you conceive of money. Will you put everything in a common account, or keep some separate, or do everything separate? People can make those all work, but if you disagree about handling money, it can create a very shitty relationship. Lastly, for everything else, learn how to communicate, both what you want to express as well as your feelings.
Also Calexit would trigger a second Civil War, this time waged with nuclear weapons. We are not the EU. The United States are not severable, and there is no exit clause. The Russians would love for the US to come apart like the USSR did. But there is no way the Union can end without it being war.
I hope OP finds a Mr. Tumnus to drag him out.
Probably because as he's sees it he's fighting the sin of homosexuality. Sexy sexy homosexuality, and those feelings it brings up in him.
A week after another pro-trump protester killed 2 people on the light rail.
Otoh in 6 months as the primaries start getting into gear and if there's a solid anti-trump pushback like the Tea Party pushed against the Neocons, suddenly you'll see a lot of changes.
This is a two step process, Bernie or Busters were not helpful. But the response from HRC supporters telling Bernie supporters to suck it up also did not help. When people are enthusiastic about a candidate, not only do they vote, but they drive other people to vote. Many people held their nose and voted for Hillary. But they weren't motivated to get out the vote. I'm hoping some more open and transparent primaries happen with a clearer convention compromise. Tim Kaine was a safe establishment choice for VP. But throwing in a progressive would have done wonders for party unity. At the same time, I do think HRC's policies tilted left in a way I was happier with, but the messaging sucked big time. We got told to fear trump, and for Bernie followers to fall in line. Nothing that got us actually excited about Hillary.
It wasn't just 2016. She's been in the national spotlight ~25 years. Lot of bullshit has been said about her, but enough of it causes doubts to creep in. Combine that with her inauthenticity. She put on a character ~35 years ago after Bill lost his first re-election. Blonde Hillary whose the Southern Governors wife is not who she is, and it clear public persona that's not natural. (Bill otoh oozed charisma). As a result she had people just not like her on a personal level. I've seen video of actual Hillary, the liberal New England educated lawyer, and I like that Hillary. Combine that with how the Clinton symbolize neoliberal policies within the democratic party, and it generates more pushback. Lastly, we need to do a DNC post-mortem on what went wrong. Everything from relying too much on consultants to run key DNC functions, to overly targeting voting, to not following up the 50 state plan, to failures to compete on the local level and losing redistricting fights.
That and the whole movie within a movie acting as propaganda and showing how uncomfortable it is when its on the otherside. Otoh, its Nazis. Fuck 'em.
Also Rommel's involved with the attempt on Hitler's life about 6 weeks later.
The 'Epic Mickey' games use this as a mechanic, as part of their attempt to rebrand Mickey. It was apparently more blatant in earlier drafts, with the idea being Mickey can be a scrappy anti-hero, or a paragon, depending on how you interpret him.
[Or when he was captured and forced to work for the Nazis](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bn20oXFrxxg)
/u/YourLovelyMan does elevate the discussion however, &gt;The reason is that, even though someone else might have negligently stopped or left an obstacle on the road, your not stopping in time is an intervening cause. It's a separate event from the initial negligent act, and it's the event that caused the damage. &gt;Like it or not, that's the formula the police, courts, and insurance companies have to work with. It sucks that you and I were caught in an unfair corner of it where there was nothing we could do to prevent it. &gt;But from a policy perspective it makes sense--we don't want people hitting stationary objects only to claim that they couldn't be avoided. It's too difficult to corroborate, and would leave victims out of luck.
The way he describes it is he only has liability insurance. That is insurance protecting damaged caused by him to others, not damage caused to him. Which is the most common bare minimum insurance, and thus what most people have.
I find that a more well nuisance response than was written on the blog. To me, the reaction isn't a 'ha-ha' you're gay, but rather why the hell should anyone care that much unless they're actively repressing and is miserable. The idea being OP should just learn to accept himself and he'll be much happier. Otoh, yeah, to some people being confronted with such a reality is not going to go well.
First of all have the social media crack down on a 'get in line' message, stop campaigning on 'her turn', focus on stronger together. Campaign on promises and instead of focusing on anti-trump, focus on pro democrat. Announce or leak cabinet staffing plans. Give several prominent slots to progressives (maybe Sec State even). The biggest mistake was not getting a compromise VP, either Bernie or someone acceptable to Bernie's followers. Yeah under traditional VP reasoning, Tim Kaine is a good choice as a swing state governor, but it didn't balance the geography of the ticket or the party wings. Hillary could claim potentially to be from the NE, the South or the Midwest depending on audience and context (Southern private career, NE school and Senate, Midwest birth).
The thing is Taxis mostly suck because this sort of industry always sucks over time, and corporate owners are dicks. For example, cab companies used to do brutal shit like make up a separate company for each cab. When there was an accident, that company would have the minimum insurance and capitol so the 'individual' cab company would just declare bankruptcy. Regulations caught up with them however. Now a days Uber and Lyft have done shit like avoid getting livery insurance for individual drivers until forced too. Individual car drivers using a normal policy have a livery exemption that prevents payout if you're doing livery work with a personal car on normal insurance. In part because livery work requires different and more expensive insurance and has a greater risk. Uber got caught having very limited insurance plans after a girl was hit by a driver on New Years a few years back. Uber tried to say the driver didn't have a passenger, so it shouldn't be on them. But the driver was between passengers and violating his private insurance policy by doing livery work. So no regular insurance. After the California Public Utility Commission cracked down on Uber they extended their gap coverage. Now Uber has used that gap coverage in marketing, but they were forced to get that insurance, and do everything they can do avoid regulations, often trying to get laws changed after they get caught violating them. Not to mention lots of other shitty policies and how they exercise poor control of drivers (multiple drivers using the same phone to get around bad driving records). Or their whole Ghost App designed to make it impossible for regulators to catch them.
Some of those are rent seeking, some of them were to solve serious problems. Most places have medallion laws due to the great depression. Folks got wiped out, but still had a car, so they became taxi drivers using their own cars. It led to places like NYC having a serious issue where no one could get around due to the sheer number of people hustling taxi services, and the drivers getting in public fights. Otoh the medallion system has been prone to abuse. Often it's interesting to read why these regulations happen to understand what you have to avoid when you repeal it.
Nah, its just the toupee parasites controlling both of them.
Regarding the Armour: we only adopted it because of a fundamental difference between Rugby and Football. Rugby is a contact sport. Football is a Collision sport. Every single play of American football has players going full speed into other players. Before we adopted it, we had a lot of deaths. [In 1905 alone we had 18 deaths](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2014/05/29/teddy-roosevelt-helped-save-football-with-a-white-house-meeting-in-1905/?utm_term=.409817a8ac12) part of the changes were done under Teddy Roosevelt which outlawed a lot of things including stuff like flying V wedges.
It's so bubbly, and cloying, and *happy*
Local bar associations are not usually a governmental group (state bar associations are), and are paid referrals. Competency in referrals vary considerably.
Exactly! He was a machine designed to hit blerns! I mean, come on, Wireless Joe was nothing but a programmable bat on wheels.
