Would buy a beer.
I just watch a movie or browse reddit in bed until I fall asleep. If I'm not sleepy I keep on watching / browsing until my eyes are heavy. Same thing right?
No that's just being a dumbass.
Get some self respect girl, this isn't a healthy relationship.
Elaborate on that last part.
No, Staten Island is the safest.
That made me laugh more than it should.
Uh, I wouldn't want you as my kids pediatrician sorry.
ITT: Everyone finds what they're looking for.
No...no he doesn't :-/
I'm sorry but this is pure comedy...I can see this in one of those cheesy sitcoms... I do hope that cat comes back, for your sake.
So, what's the update? You single OP?
Oh hell no, screw that job. I felt extremely dirty and sick just reading this. Ugh!!
Also Ashley is a guys name I've heard.
Thanks for your response, that makes me feel better.
Asking the important questions...
Maybe I'm an asshole but I would ask for her to get it back after the dance. Maybe have her exchange it would another piece of jewelry that doesn't have yall name engraved on it.
Just make sure she doesn't give away the engagement ring :/
Serious question. Is eggs and bacon everyday bad? Only using the grease from the bacon to cook everything. No butter or other oils. Salt and pepper to taste. No bread. Just eggs and bacon. Is that still bad diet-wise?
7 slices of bread!?! Can you find the source on that?? What about rum? I love a good rum and coke.
Ok this PS4 joke...I don't get :/
Seriously, how does insurance on a ring work? Can't someone just claim its lost and hide it? Do they get the full cost of the ring back?
What sort of style ?
Well hello there...
Is it free? For android only?
So they don't get bigger when thrown into the lake right? Seems silly to ask but just making sure.
Exactly what I was thinking. The choice is being made for home now, and for his adulthood. The parents are basically determining his diet for the rest of his life.
OP PLEASE ANSWER THIS.
Old enough to make... So that's like what 5 - 7 years old? Will he have a choice then?
She was tied up and crying though...
How do you think they got naked?
The best deodorant I've ever used. Doesn't stop the sweating, but I can have a full active day without any smells. It's such a relief that even though I'm crazy sweaty there's no scent.
I'm sorry, I don't understand how you aged so much? Other than losing tons of weight, you literally look like 70 now... how old are you?
Do you hold your breath for 30 secs too?
I don't know I would be really happy with 10 rolls of sushi.
&gt; /r/rapingwomen WTF IS THIS? The graphics alone on the page is fucking disturbing, are you kidding me????
Smooth.
Happens enough in NYC for everyone to be rightfully afraid of them. You can fall at least 20 feet into god knows what and break your ankles or worse.
Things I wish I didn't click today....now I feel sick to my stomach :(
Is he dead? I can't imagine this fitting in someone :-/ He must have been insanely big.
Those roots!
How do they upkeep the roots? That would be my only anxiety in coloring my hair.
&gt; I thought lemons make your skin photosensitive? Then you do it at night before bed.
Not WTF. Mildly interesting more like. Also, is this gonna be come a thing now? Showing off our bloody instruments?
This picture is so old, so reposted, you should feel ashamed of yourself :(
You're lucky, it's always someones bag or privates for me :-/
Unsubscribe.
Immediately made me gag, thanks.
omfg.....
My first thought was his downstairs neighbors must hate him.
My cousin did an under cut like that, it was cool for a week then started looking like an overgrown maze. I don't think I could handle the constant upkeep. Looks cool tho.
These look cool but aren't they a bitch to maintain?
When you see a doc he will tell you. Reddit can't help.
Aha!!! I just started watching GoT!! I got this joke!!! I got it!!
I bought one for $375 off CL (NY), I love mine but I prob used it under 10 times.
There's a lot of incest in this thread :-/
Damn that's pathetic :-/
How could she possibly sleep with that bright ass light next to her? :(
Are those dreads in her hair? Or just matted?
Well not in my adult years, but when I was in HS I followed my best friend who I had a crush on to his Catholic youth group. I guess I thought it would bring us closer together. I only stayed for a couple years, most of the people our age stopped going once they turned 18 anyway. But we are great friends still (10 years later), and I joke about that with him still. We never got in a relationship, just ended up being best friends :)
Mine usually leaks the first couple days, not sure why. Especially when I get up from my sleep, some seeps out and it's not even FULL :(
I highly doubt she uses half a roll in one sitting.
Wasn't this asked just yesterday or something? :/
Been there! Makes you not want to sleep and savor the curly goodness. If you're lucky, it will look even better waking up.
What is this airbnb?
Was not showering for 4 months part of the therapy?? I would be even more depressed if I looked/smelled like crap.
I wouldn't hire you :/
She didn't smell anything?
She didn't smell anything?
lmao pls update.
BWB more like.
I just browsed through that sub and left deeply disturbed. Those posts are downright uncomfortable :/
Goddamn.
You're not finding that in NYC. Only mech e. Gotta go upstate or another state.
That's so messed up :( hope she gets him back soon.
Ew
Yeah...fuck everything about that... that's not love...your marriage will crumble so bad. You can't gain any wait (forget being pregnant), you can't have an off day to just laze around... what the hell is that???
But the bags aren't reusable are they? And how much per bag?
TIL, thought u just threw them away!!
Go to Park Slope pls.
My weakness...
My pos iphone will die at 33%, but usually only when it's extremely cold outside.
Are you sure the second one is only photoshop? I didn't think they would go through the trouble of creating a new hairstyle when they could do it before photoshop?
:) I can't wait to see it! Are you going to update the post when it's launched? RemindMe! 2 hours
It's not.
Yeh his family :(
I hate you.
Lol how to spot a white guy. No offense lol.
Why would you even try that nasty ass recipe?
I think you're the lady I was speaking to about color a while back. I'm scared to take that permanent plunge since my hair is just starting to be healthy again (lots of bleaching in the past). I was always curious if there's a certain style of coloring that looks good even with new growth? Something that won't look as odd if the user decides not to re-color again. The only thing I can think of is some sort of an ombre....
Brownsville.
Curious what's your current provider?
I need that skill.
I had the same problem with att locked iPhone. Att has a unlock request website and they unlocked it in under 2 mins no joke. Now only if T-Mobile would push that port along...
You're right. It won't last more than 2 seconds in there. As soon as she stands up woooooshhh.
Pretty much.
What's the easiest / safest place to sleep if someone isn't fussy?
Bruh
Did you fight it? I wouldn't pay that shit
Why didn't you adopt Regina :(
Was your bf dealing crack ?
Seems like a good riddance to me, what is he offering that's so worthy you're willing to overlook his lack of ambition and ignorant logic?
Don't you talk bad about bacon!
Never heard it so maybe only in your slice of town
Yeh and my second toe is longer so only that one will be peeking. Not cute :(
Wtf is that. Dude get a kryptonite chain.
I always thought it sounded like you're bunking it with a stranger which is odd but I'm sure it's your own room.
I know an all you can eat spot for $20 a person but no drinks. Best sushi I ever had in the most unsuspecting neighborhood. Good luck!
This is your work?
I think the curry scent is more about it being stuck on your clothes than your body. One of my friends is Indian and he regularly smells like curry because his mom cooks it all the time. But it's his clothes not like his skin haha.
Screw your sister, keep the damn dog. I'm willing to bet he's in better hands with you. The child (which I think bob is lying about) will be okay, esp after almost a year of not having the dog.
Reddit is like therapy, sometimes asking the questions out loud makes you answer it on your own. Please keep Steve!!
Move back to Canada at least you have citizen ship there. But if you prefer to stay in shitty US, get a gf and marry her. Have GC in under a year. Really you don't have much choice if employer won't sponsor you.
You got some hairy girly legs.
Why does it do that? Space bar used to always work for me. Also my Netflix sometimes doesn't pause with space bar, it just makes the window un-maximize. Makes me sad.
My heart hurts for those shoes, does he have no idea?!
Goddamit, I haven't had my ref used in so long :'(
I know so many dealers I could make a fortune but they're cool people / friends, I won't turn them in.
When you're interested in someone and have to ask if they have kids :(
Wow all these points make India sound super scummy, doesn't help I'm a woman. Would still love to visit though :(
Damn I hate surprise snow, but I'm in NYC so I could easily hop on a train if it's that bad. I'm guessing you don't have that option so you'll have to ride very carefully and slowly.
Dude you just changed my life. Now I need some friends to pull this off.
How the heck do you look 35 in high school ?!
Everything I was thinking. Iceland is so colorful and vibrant I just can't deal with it being in black and white.
No longer than 30 mins thankfully. I rarely take the subway to encounter any serious delays. But I have waited over an hour for a train once at like 4am haha. Never again.
Oh I didn't know you eat it... Damn I'm a pervert :-/
Commenting to check later.
Ocean and Ave M, best cheap sushi ever :)
What are you doing to my wallet 😫
What are you doing to my wallet 😫
Commenting to check in later. I've wondered this myself.
She's full of shit if she was naked.
No it's horrible don't come here.
no sleepovers? :-/
Seriously? I'm 28 and just learning this.
Don't.
Cuny ftw! Love that I have no loans/debt (yet). Nursing school I'll prob have to take out a loan.
The Ridiculous 6 on Netflix and Bad Gampa. Haven't laughed that much in a long time.
The scariest one yet.
Swore I saw this like 8+ years ago.
Not something you can be THAT honest about. Your choice.
Oh man I need to find that movie now.
Yeh kind of creepy for someone's mom to keep trying to bang HS boys....
Ha that's pretty much my hair but mine is below shoulders. Happy that someone appreciates the curly fro!
They can use a hair pick to fro it out more. Some already have that texture so doesn't take much to get that volume. Mine is too curly :(
Holla!
It says it will ship feb 7 at lowest drop price? Not sure what that means but it charged me $36
Funny cuz I was pronouncing it as "low-boro".
Wtf
Damn that's a lot of blood :(
can you see 3D now? Double vision?
Did the doc say you may get worse vision in that eye since it's basically useless? How much of a risk is it for the eye to stray again?
Report back if you're able to see them.
Crazy eyes o_o
I was thinking getting a rack similar to that. What's the best way to keep stuff from flying off? A net and bungee cords? I still can't decide between a front or rear rack tho...
I think he swerved around since he was going pretty fast. Maybe if he slammed his breaks he would have hit the car.
Word I could never not have a break and want to smack anyone who tries to tell me to take it out. Sometimes my knees hurt and I can't skid all the time.
Fack can we do another weekend? Me and my bf would be down. Just that his car got damaged so he can't drive. He's preparing for a month long Appalachian hiking trip in a couple months too.
I think the oil build up on the blade would bother me. I use a safety razor right now.
I don't know any restaurant I'll ever wait over 45 mins for. Especially for meh food.
Ew he microwaved raw meat. Fucking gag.
Gonna do a test of Shea butter all over then seal with Vaseline.
Stop making excuses and and say "no, and please do not ask for it again, it's making me very uncomfortable and I need you to stop. If you really need to see a photo, look at what's online publicly." Just be firm and to the point. Don't let people run over you just because it's the norm in your job. Stand up for yourself and fuck what anyone says.
It's called having a spine and respecting yourself. Fuck that guy.
You sound like a couple of 13 year old idiots jeez.
Yeh I like how there were like 2 paragraphs of her buttering him up. Gfto
Sleepwalking?
I won't be at my computer until Monday but I saved your google drive link. Please don't delete the files from Google as yet!!!
It's the hood, what you think?
does it work on clothes?
Shit that's sad! Ugh, and her bf was on the phone too. I couldn't imagine that sinking feeling when she didn't respond.
Why is everyone so damn happy?
Welcome to NY! I get anxiety whenever I have to ask the station agent a question.
What's Tmus?
Hey what's your IG? maybe we can explore on my days off/after work. I've been shooting for about 10 years. I'm more into street/documentary and some long exposure/night scenes.
I wish it was in lower manhattan closer to my job :(
Well the person wearing it is clearly a man, but I'm sure a woman could pull it off.
Nyer, street photography, in the moment kind of stuff, lots of food. @bikesnbacon
Eat at the best sushi restaurant there is. Eat until you can't look at fish anymore. I would Airbnb a private place (still cheaper than a hotel) and spend the money on food and activities.
Can I get in on this
Try looking on Yelp and using the cost filters for $
You made it seemed as if you were black out drunk and woke up to her stuffing a cucumber up your balloon hole.
Dude I feel drunk just looking at those photos. Shit made me dizzy lol.
That's amazing.
Have any photos of it on the A7? That's the camera I have too. Are you also selling the OM adapter? Have any photos showing the bokeh? low light?
Goddamn I'm tempted.
Oh goddamn you T_T
🙄
Damn who makes a joke like that tho?
Fuck yes. What am I supposed to do after that? We might be friends but this kills the relationship.
Caribbean - curry chicken roti, curried crab and dumplings.
Baked potato. And I don't care for French fries.
Yah, that's how my neighbor died. I was really close to him too, he was always in my apt chatting it up. But he got really sick 2 years ago and just dropped dead. No one heard from him, fam out of state, no answer to his door. I just thought he was out of town. Eventually it started to smell and we couldn't blame the garbage anymore...worst day of my life :( Sidenote, I've been thinking of volunteer programs that do a check in neighbors just for an hour to see if they need help with fixing anything, groceries, cleaning, just someone to talk to. I can't imagine the loneliness :-/ But then some humans suck and might take advantage of people (steal or abuse them). But if there's a prog like that in my hood I'll be down to do it. Maybe something needs to be started...
si senor.
It's more like, talking about the crazy shit only a white person would do.
I like supernatural/vampire/werewolf stuff mmmmm
hell nah
That's what the boombotix speakers are for! I bike everyday in NY with them.
Damn if I wasn't working tonight I would have been down. Good looking out though!
That cat has a better ombré than me
