I'm actually pretty sure buying plane tickets and not getting on the plane is illegal if you don't cancel them.
And not sure about the all ages thing. The website I linked might say, I'm not sure.
I hope you die next.
Fuck me and my shrimp dick. That glocal bastard.
So you're kind of a good person?
Ya snooze you lose.
Rest in peace Raven Nest and Roastbeast.
And then you never respond to my comments again. Subtle and no laws against it.
Are those my nuggets?! Are those my nuggets in there!?!
"In all things, a calm heart must prevail." -Fawkes
I tried my [best](https://youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ)
Snapping or pinching?
It's episode 188 - the [Woodstock Incident](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ)
Call me Richard.
You're welcome
This is one of my favourite moments too. It's from Episode 10 - [Grandma](https://youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ)
Why are you so obsessed with eggs?
Fuck off.
I'll.. I'll change!
As much as Jake likes to come off as a dick for the sake of being cool, I'm sure he's actually a really good person. They both are.
Excuse?
No
You PRINCE!
His hand subtly grabbing Jake's dick.
They weren't keedin. They said right after that they weren't keedin.
Check your flair.
Stop telling me what I mean by shit.
But it's a total Amir thing to do. Ditching a date with your best friend so you can drink with teenagers who hate you, trying to gain their approval.
Yeah for sure. They should have ditched him or something, and r-tard was pretty stupid. But it was written pretty well and was believable.
Shame Vimeo doesn't work on mobile.
I'm a chicken of myself.
It's an inside joke, they explained it [next time she was on](https://youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ)
Enough.
Did you hear about the long-con at the farm?
I'm Scotian and I've never heard anyone use kg's.
It'd be harder for a midget to fall, centre of gravity and what have you.
NUNYA
At least I didn't drop out of college.
That's right. I'm quiet, I am clean and just between you and me I bake a mean frittata.
Pervert! That's illegal.
I love oblivion, over 600 hours on it, but it's pretty debatable whether it's better than Skyrim.
Every dungeon in oblivion was the exact same. Lol.
Do pregnant women suddenly lose all of their money?
this seems slightly against the law.
Gjettin HAHAHAHAH
Seems like it. That's wholesomely fucked up.
:(
I can't believe I'm making this comparison, but it would be similar to Call of Duty, kinda? Or any shooter really. As long as it lands in the hitbox it'll register?
Checking your comment history, you're a pretty huge dick man. Making jokes about weight, sexism, and rape? How is that funny? Short answer: it's not. It's not funny because it's not a joke.
Kind of agreed. Don't see the point of the whole fetch thing, but I'll still use the shit out of him.
Mhm. Like, less than $10 cheap.
I don't think any cannon fallout game will be multiplayer, but it could become an MMO like ESO.
Is that what he nuked?
No I'm thinking what I'm thinking.
FUCKIN RIGHT CHICAGO
Well what we're given seems pretty damn incredible, maybe the best game ever made. So really, who gives two shits if there's limited speech options? There's certainly not limited dialogue.
There are limited amounts of speech options to pick, but there's a fuck ton of dialogue. Meaning that you have 4 options but the voice actors have over 13000 lines of dialogue. Idiot.
What about the Vault they took over?
The way Fallout was meant to be played
This was in New Vegas.
You hated the tutorial character that you see for maybe 10 minutes and never have to talk to again? The game was fucking awesome, it's a shame you couldn't get into it.
Maybe the dialogue is randomized for a different experience every gameplay.
Fuck yes.
The fuck is this and why isn't it downvoted
Those who can afford raven nest.
Tell me again how the games are at all alike?
Why is the republic of Dave shitty?
I play a pretty consistent and high level of ball. I had patellar tendinitis. I went to go see a physician and they basically gave me some excersises that would increase strength in my hips. They also hooked the area below my knee up to an electromagnetic pulse machine (I think that's what it was). The two definitely helped, but I'm not sure if your tendinitis was caused by the same thing as me.
Thanks for your insight, squid fucker.
Then let's make the upvotes an even 999 and call it a GAY.
I think so, yeah.
You are my mental slave.
What?!
Accidentally?
Nice find!
A tent with buttons
Hahaha you're a fucking idiot.
Número Gid
I'm sure it'll catch on.
It is of course not a word.
You're my best friend too, Ace.
Nice sighnd!
You found this? Good work Femartian. Promoted!
So, how did you know that OP didn't find this?
I hope you not only get fired, but get the death penalty as well. You monster.. You trash man!
What's black and blue about it
Not a great joke.
No shit
Terrible
No shit it's true, doesn't make it funny.
Take that back!
Heh.
Last time I checked, I'm have a pussy.
Shut the fuck up. Shut the fuck up with that.
[Working link.](https://youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ)
I beg your SHARTON?
Is [this](https://youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ) what you're looking for? Fa-fa-fa-fa-fa-fatass?
Would you say it's the best find ever?
That's not a very RICE thing to say.
I'm Rick. James bitch.
Welp, I'm not complaining. Ashens is the shiznit.
So you actually enjoyed the game?
You're not playing devils advocate if you didn't enjoy the game.
Stop taking things so well.
Ugh, Bob I don't give a fuck about your shit opinions.
If I were you, here's what I'd do. I'd hire Dan Gurwitch to spy on you. Stealing y'all jokes and making the cash, if you call us out then you're an ASS.
It's not even spelt the same..
Unsend
;$InquisitiveJellotriedtokillme😎
Canada really means Tornonto. Always.
What do you think chargers do?
Golf clubs..
Then why bother posting this? It's not affecting you or hindering your experience.
How do you know so little about basketball!?
You're digressing. You used to be able to speak English!
We're beefing.. I'm a beef.
Are you kidding me? You're screaming into a Bluetooth right now.
I'll give you a hint Herwitz.. IT AINT!
Rice suggestion, Ace.
How about a link that actually [works](https://youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ)
My fear is that the car won't fit entirely and you'll be forced to take care of me as a quadriplegic, master.
For masters, for masters, 4 masters.
It gets stuck in his teeth? Nah, more like stuck in his QUEEF.
Go on
Actually yes I do. He spells the address wrong on purpose so he can talk to his brother who is only accessible by email.
P
E
N
I
M8 I already did it..
Jakami.. It's not your place
No? So you shit inside of him? He just let you do it?
On purpose or? And why were you laying on the road?
no
You thought a link to YouTube was a link to buying flowers?
But of course, I get downvoted because everyone else drank the koolaid.
Thx jury.
That's not how it goes.
Excuse you.
You matter so much less than you think.
I'd actually be down to make a joint chequing account with him.
Are you flirting with me?
Your water question on askscience was funnier than my comment.
Toothless lives matter.
Special buffs for people from Wisconsin?
That'll never work.
Belligerent fool. Damon uses wireless headphones.
Yep, down for me too:/
Aqueer Redmenfeld and Jackie Hallibut.
What happens if he thinks of two songs at once?
A master? A MASTER? THE MASTER.
Only if you're into [this.](https://youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ)
Apple Pie is Canadian.
Fuck me and my shrimp dick. Knowing history of pies is for nerds and jocks? Wanna know why? Ask my UNCLE.
Yep, read what I said. Never specified how big a group.
Huh. Sorry for doubting you pal. How and where should I grind? I'm in EP and I'm a night blade.
The fuck did you just say about argonians, normie?
EB, AD, or DC?
If you felt really bad, I'd accept money.
Arsene "Fuck Suits" Wenger
I think he'll age pretty well, his athleticism isn't the focal point of his game.
Homophobic pig
shield it and then kick it with his left peg
Right, it's the same for any position when you're a professional athlete of any sport. But for players who rely heavily on their speed and strength, their careers won't be as kind to them in their 30's as opposed to Monreal, for example.
O
Let us down but shit how could we mind
I think he's chicken
Big fucking rosy cheeks. Munter.
We're allllll gonna dieeeeeeeeee!!!!
Who is this mystery woman
I got a feva.. and the only prescription... Is moah cow bell
No it's not.
0.0048 bruh, this man is breaking records Edit: the dude makes 48 threes for every 10000 he takes
Hey can you guys see the championship from where you're standing
Just look down and give up mate, it'll all be over soon.
At the top lol
/r/iamverysmart
Dartmouth Nova Scotia?!
How about Fallout: Nova Scotia?
^excuse
Well I've never seen Latvia play before.
256 cents
I'm on a subreddit with a guy who got into a fender bender with David Robinson.
Just McHales
Sorry man I don't actually know the story
What AMA?
Just take the joke pal.
Cringe
You killed it.
Who doesn't love golf carts
Who doesn't love golf carts
They've had enough
&gt;Also, what is he holding? Looks like a soccer ball to me!
But in truth, &gt;Benzema No. &gt;Morata ..No.
Nobody claimed it was real, if that's what you're implying.
I think the beauty of the Manning Face and the Chalmers Face is the deception from the link.
Good player development guy.
Can you not put sir on the end of shit? Thank you.
A real gym rat.
Balloons right
