I am blind, disregard
I always thought it was ppl making shit up on the internet trying to low-key say their dick was real big
Pretty unfair on Kapil Dev, Srinath and Zaheer
What a snorter. Sree was awesome in SA
Curry or Kyrie
Don't forget salt and food products too But TATA is just one company that does a lot of things but there are lots of companies that do that in India (reliance etc)- not really a monopoly. Things are getting pretty similar here in the US with the proliferation of influential companies like Google. I wouldn't be surprised if we saw Google insurance and health services in our lifetime.
I don't live in a bubble, I live in Detroit lmao
Cavs are in the east though. With Lebron they are guaranteed to make the ECF if not the finals every year Even without Lebron, a kyrie and love led team would be a high seed in the east most probably. OKC lost KD, still had Westbrook putting up insane numbers, and didn't even make the playoffs
"ENHANCE"
Almost every morning ask for the weather for the day while still in bed. Setting alarms, timers, and reminders. Most useful to use while connected hands free over Bluetooth in my car- use it to listen to texts, place calls, and even set navigation. Have always wished that Siri would be used with Spotify, but looking forward to apple music to finally make use of this
Or Tendulkar getting Man of the Tournament in the 2003 WC after India lost in the final
He's good
I don't think he's leaving Chicago at all but I would love him in Pistons blue. He's the next Paul George type player in our league
Add Bradman to that list and Lillee to bolster the bowling lineup
Great prices! Hope you had fun
This reminds me of The Hunger Games: Catching Fire. All the champions of the past recalled one more to fight to death one more time, some clearly stronger than others yet each are champions in their own right. In a sense it is a bit unfair to pit them against each other. These are the teams clearly best against their contemporaries during their time and should be respected as such.... But it's still fun to think about
People always underestimate Detroit in general.
still in mi-ah-mi - drake
Probably the clippers. But why go west when he has almost guaranteed final entry in the east
This dude's name is Ebola?
Honestly one of my favorite lines from the album lol
It's really not that difficult
I have been "that guy" before that has batted at 11, didn't bowl, and wandered about in the outfield for 50 overs. Dropped a catch that game too I believe.
Have they already signed DeAndre? If not then there is your solution. If they have a S&amp;T could work too. But this is all hypothetical. Lebron going to LA is a 1/1000 possibility.
I'm all for celebrating a win and what not but sportsmanship is the cornerstone of well, sports. It's alright to be happy about your own achievements but no reason to bash the other team (IMO)
A souped up 12" MB with Touch ID, a better FaceTime camera, a touchscreen. I'd buy that first day.
How can you kill that which has no life?
Please don't buy a 15" for college. You will learn to value a smaller footprint (tiny desks in lecture halls) and optimized battery life over the 2" screen space and any performance gains.
That last episode though...
Yes!!!
Detroit stand up!
ONE APP
Bad Boys of the 80s were MJs Kryptonite and won 2 championships. Resurgence again in the 00s: won the championship in 04 playing hard nose defense and grit beating the fancied Lakers in 5 games in the finals. Remained contenders for much of the 00s before the core was traded away for AI and other bad front office moves. Slipped into mediocrity and worse in recent years, but there is hope with last years hiring of Stan Van Gundy as coach and president of basketball operations.
Isn't it the nature of technology to advance? 4 years is a long time in the tech world- I'm glad that the new computer has improved compared to the previous model. That's all well and good, but it is expected. Macs back when they were first introduced were 2.5k+. Even iPods today are infinitely more capable machines- should they be priced higher?
6 no question. 5S will be even older come September. 6 is much better looking too IMO. Cloud solutions exist to get over the 16gb limit. Google photos has been a boon
Damn it's so much fun to have Lebron on your team
I understand that there is always going to be more money around the corner, but if someone offered 100 MILLION why not just take it and run? Is there really that much of a difference between 100 and maybe 150 million?! Or maybe I'm just poor and don't understand these big boy numbers haha
That's why they were dropped from the squad
Could you imagine 97/98 Sachin in the 2015 WC?? *shudders* would've had multiple double hundreds
I'm on a 6+ and had to scroll way too long to read that
In the west too!
Motor City ones tho
He did say he would end his career in Cleveland but never said he wouldn't go somewhere else in the middle....
:/
The Utah Jazz of Pokemon
Man BJ was having such a good season before the injury. I feel terrible about what happened and I'm pretty pissed that we have most likely moved on with Reggie Jackson as his replacement
BJ showed great maturity last year. At the beginning of the season he said he would come off the bench for DJ Augustin if that's what management wanted him to do.
The celtics send their regards
Maple Jordan
Come to Detroit Danny!!
Tobias
Fuck the cavs!! (Go Pistons!)
SA v NZ 2015 cwc semi India v WI 2011 group stage
All star and one of the best defensive bigs in the game, a crucial price to a contending team ...to a player that just exists. How quickly things change
Dude Dipo is a baller... I would try my best to keep him
Triggered
Forget pan shop. Saw annoying "crowding" phenomenon where people behind you will just stick out cash/documents to the person working at airport immigration (behind some shocked firangi no less), temples, resteraunts... Everywhere
Josh Smith also happened
Kobe would too
he got fined and has been warned. that should be that. banning would be very OTT.
yo how the heck is this deemed appropriate lmao
why would you bring this back up...i literally just got over it
planetcricket was one of the big cricket websites back then and they had to lock the thread
warriors color scheme is too perfect
the triangle
The thing with Apple is that we know it will be priced a bit too high. I'm guessing in the 100$+ range
Congrats man
God I love Rahul Dravid so so so much
Hogg has the "SAVE ME SOS" face going on
I'm not sure they do. The retired guys just haven't bothered to play TBH. Most are content with retirement plus IPL for a few years. Sehwag not even bothering with IPL. After retirement most have pursued other interests with coaching and being involved in cricket leadership in some capacity. That, and it's a race to get as unfit as possible as quickly as possible in the case of most Indian retired legends :P (except Dravid)
Forget those guys. In fact I would want the current players to get as much rest as possible. Who I would like to see play in overseas leagues are fringe players like Pragyan Ojha, Dinesh Karthik, Pathan bros etc. I get that Ranji trophy is a huge deal and its big to win for your state side, but maybe performing on a bigger stage in the BBL would help them get noticed too
I'm alright with Aamir being back but don't want to see Butt anywhere close to the cricket pitch again
Threw him under the bus? butt literally ruined his career. Akram level talent gone to waste
i half expected him to get super angry and death stare whoever did it
I'm just saying that I know if I lived in Sydney and Dhoni was playing I'd be much more willing to go to a game. I'm sure there's plenty of Indian fans just like that in Australia
Lawyers
Lmaooo everyone here has a chip the size of Michigan on their shoulder I love it
Be a Pistons fan!!
TRUST IT!
What's the general opinion of trump in Dallas/Texas? Just curious Hilarious video btw
people have been saying 'caaatch iiiiiit' for as long as i remember i think its almost a natural reflex at this point. i even yell it at my tv thousands of miles away lol
totally opposite to my view. T20 is best served in franchise format. watching countries go at it in T20 just doesnt have the same flavor for me. Maybe its because I like seeing up and coming players alongside international stars, or established cricketers from the same country go head to head against each other and always like the concept of playing for something (tournament) vs a boring bilateral series. t20 series are the worst
I don't know man, this sub has gone crazy with down votes lately. Even if one offers a different perspective on the matter they are down voted to hell. Doesn't make for very stimulating conversation when only things people agree upon are visible
As his fantasy owner this is incredibly frustrating
Well plagiarism is at least a 20% dock from the grade, if not a 0 or expulsion
I thought Blazers were going to be in the Ben Simmons tank race at the start of the season. looks like Dame (and CJ) had other plans
I like the effect, adds to the nonchalance of the situation
Rondo is def the worst pick IMO
How are you going to build a team around a PG who struggles to shoot in this day and age
I LOVE oladipo. Would def be extra hype if he came to the D
Man if yall get *that* draft pick that hits AKA instant impact superstar...$$$ what was cleveland worth before lebron? what about a a few years into his first contract? probably huge change.
Fans in Michigan are kind of weird in the sense that we really seem to hop on the bandwagon of a lot of players that fucked us up in the mid 00s. Wade, Lebron etc a lot more popular for the casual fan than any piston. I don't really blame them but actively rooting for the opposition side when playing the Pistons is just messed up!
I was at the GSW game and the amount of people in curry jerseys, GSW hats etc was unreal. Did they really spend ~200$ on an outfit to wear once because these didn't seem like your typical "fans of the NBA". On behind me even said "yeah steph!!!" when thomspon scored on more than one occasion..,,
Don't get me wrong I definitely agree with you. I just think that it may reach a stage where people are so good at 3s that the inside game will totally go away. I think it'll be like one of those debates like raising the goal up to 12ft, talked about probably never executed
Find out next time on dragon ball z
Truuuu
He bout to be traded back to Indy dw
Not really this sub but general media always says Doc is like #2 after pop...
We will never sign a big name FA. Challenges of being in a small market
After that bfast he eats a huge lunch like 3 hrs after
He should go back to GSW as a big FUCK YOU to the cavs
He can do both... Finish out the year as an assistant at GSW, win a ring, and come back to the timbs for more next year
I wonder if we had Raina some of the other matches would've gone our way
The "Aussie way" of catching skyers above your chest is something I will never understand. Indians have adopted it too which really bugs me
Isn't the ball much more likely to put out though? Think about it... Your palm is flat and it can easily just roll down if you don't get it 100% right. Whereas a cupped hand is a whole lot tougher to drop
Damn I love SVG, so happy he is part of the Pistons. I think shit like this is the reason he demanded being GM and coach here in detroit
It goes through peaks and valleys. When doing well, the front page will be FULL of D Rose highlights (even if he had like 10-12 pts, 3a)comments will be cheery and optimistic etc. the second he has a bad game or has an injury scare, people will come out of nowhere and belittle his past accomplishments, laugh at his contract, call for him to be traded etc etc There's no middle ground with D rose
As a med student I study there every day ..it's an excellent facility but we do get slightly annoyed when it fills up with undergrads hehe
How's tdot any better than chicago or NY? I feel like there's little difference among these large, international cities when it comes to food
All little kids wear exclusively ua
Build this man a statue. Esp if this turns into Ben Simmons
I think Steph, at this point in his career, is simply unguardable.
Prime boozer was pretty damn good though
Tropical country plus a billion people... The healthcare system is actually pretty good TBH it's just hard to manage so many people
KILLING my fantasy team
Also helps to have a dad that played in the NBA that passed down not only insane genes but also incredible financial security, insight into the game, and growing up around ballers constantly Not hating on curry, he's my favorite player now, but he is nothing average at all. A guy like Lebron may have hit the genetic lottery but his come up was probably 100x more difficult than curry's
Podium makes such a huge difference. Behind a podium I'm so confident. I begin to sweat a little when it's not there
Good times
me the last few days on r/nba http://replygif.net/1388
they (like lebron at this point in his life) have pretty much gotten everything go their way for as long as they can remember.
this is India bro, we dont make Rabada's over here. have to be excited by what we got
also http://stats.nba.com/vs/#!/?PlayerID=202704&amp;VsPlayerID=2548
IS THAT A WORLD TOUR OR YOUR GIRL's TOUR????
Got a feeling even if he guesses hers, she will pretend it's the dad
Umpire disbelief is the best part
Brett was a fucking beast during the 2003 WC.
Virat is new age India. Confidence bordering on arrogance and the stuff to back it up. Willing it to take it to opposition just like they have been dishing it to us It is the next step evolution after Ganguly
Tier 1 actress at that unlike Bhajji and Yuvi (except for those deepika rumors)
It's in auburn hills, about 35 min away.
Chennai match probably the biggest heartbreak I've had in my life Actually scratch that final of the 2003 WC still gives me nightmares
I'm down with this. Someone mentioned no ball tracking so I was wondering how that would work.
Wickets are far too valuable in cricket to get double plays IMO
He was out of the team for a while
Can't imagine a better coach and mentor for our young cricketers. What an amazing opportunity
He's done it more times and for more minutes than anyone else in the history of the game! Unbelievable
He's known for his batting anyway
I'm weary about shami after all these injuries. Hope he recovers but it will be tough for an athlete to come back to full form after being out for so long
Lol not a good idea Ask the Kolkata Knight Riders
We whooped South Africa at home
India gets a lot of shit for doing well only at home. Well, this is true. We have struggled abroad. But recently in test cricket, more so than ever, all teams have been Tigers at home and sheep abroad. The biggest exception to this has been the recent England win in SA. I'd like to see other teams do well touring before India in particular gets targeted
Not even when she tells you we better as friends
WOULD HAVE BEEN 6 IF NOT FOR US EH?
It helps, but not needed. swing, seam, guile, can make a top bowler without pace. Prime Zaheer is my favorite example as an Indian fan- could move it both ways and picked up wickets with the old and new ball. The other obvious answers are McGrath, Pollock later in his career, Jimmy, hell even Steyn off late hasn't been the fastest bowler in the world.
On mobile??
He got more chances but in tougher conditions... To his credit. 4 is built for long innings
They do they do
Mate
Thank god, leaves a spot open for Drummond He needs as much exposure to these top athletes as possible (all while staying in Detroit of course)
Comeback from a horrific injury would be a neat storyline tbh
Josh Smith and Dwight Howard were AAU teammates
Can we get Dragan on the jersey instead? Or his full name? I soooo want this guy to be a star just because of his name!
Better than Ishant Sharma
Paisa vasool
Yes yes come to the dark side, we have samosas and chai
Cricket team doesn't do it. Would be super weird if they did lol
We don't even kiss our wives or children
I think Kyrie for CP3 trade becomes a reality.
Pistons, Bucks, Orlando
stop I can only get so erect
In Atlanta?
We made it fam Real talk though Drummond has an excellent agent I think
It's all about Drizzy
I guess, seeing as it has happened on more than one occasion now
I guess, seeing as it has happened on more than one occasion now
She was born in the year 2000.... Let that sink in for a minute
This is a blatant infringement of free speech
I've lived here for almost all my life. For every person who loves their job there are 100 who absolutely hate it. And even if you love your job, we are still looking for that paycheck on the 1st and the 15th. Majority of the country lived paycheck to paycheck and is up to eyeballs in debt because of student loans, car payments, credit card bills, mortgages etc....
Rebs too
I don't think I've ever had peaches and cream. Worth it?
This might be the most inspirational thing I've ever read
Sachin was incredible this game Loved that golden period he had in the late 00s/early 10s
Dhoni is all about WCs. It's all in 4 year cycles for him, he sees every ODI as prep for a World Cup. He wouldn't be playing ODIs now if he didn't see himself in 2019
Sounds like the early 2000s all over again
If he's smart about it won't have to work. I can see Bynum blowing 70M
Is that really such a bad thing? He's gone to the finals. He has battled hard against top teams. It's a team sport at the end of the day. 2-5, 2-6 shouldn't really matter when most players can't dream of even making the finals once
Found the bookie
One is a murderer
Slim to none. There is a leadership void in the Indian team. After Kohli, Rahane I think has been named VC. Don't see him as a long term captaincy option
"that was just a simple push!"
Jesus
Seem to be the minority here but I think this is one of the many archaic, stuck up rules of the MCC. Flashbacks to the Natwest final- it was that much sweeter when Ganguly and Co paraded the Indian flag around the ground after the Indian victory.
Yeah he looks totally different Ntini was a super king in early seasons, right?
Crazy how much India/SC has changed over just my life time. Warne used to import baked beans from Australia for long tours. Delhi belly was a common occurrence. Stadium stands used to be concrete slabs exposed to all the elements, built solely to pack as many people as possible Now top athletes flock to India to play every year, get paid millions, stay in the swankiest hotels and have access to pretty much all of the comforts of home (and more?)
My parents used to tell me that Allah cared more about cricket than Krishna back in the 90s, that's why we always lost lol
Classic sreesanth front and center when he did jackshit all tournament long
Lol fuck I was just about to buy my tickets
Indian checking in-- tf??
Born in Chennai but most of my life have lived abroad. Love America but love India more than a normal kid that has grown up outside of the country. On some level feel an identity crisis- am I American? Or am I Indian? I don't feel like I fit in 100% in either place Parents are moving back soon. Biggest fear is that I lose all connection to the country of my birth.
We're fucking vegetarian haha
What happens if Aus/Eng for example get separated into two groups? No ashes?
Bosh?
Lebron was too good
No but it's awesome to know that 2 of my favorite players/role models exploded onto the scene on my birthday
Am I the only one who likes Shastri's commentary?
I do! He has his cliches and is sometimes a BCCI puppet, but he's articulate and well spoken.Other SC commentators have trouble speaking english even say times, or have slightly annoying accents
We love Dan in the D.
This is weird on so many levels
Trade kyrie
Turn the 9 upside down its a 6 now
Detroit You know you love those low key markets Jeremy
