Nobody takes the world cup away from america right when the American team was starting to do well and Americans were starting to get interested
Ive noticed the best way to make a paint job look good is to make it clean, which is extremely hard to do with white. Excellent job sir
Any serious defense of tebow,
Never forgive roberts for taking streater away from me So walford
Idk man first putin and now NK? I think its bad when ur enemies want a certain guy
Afc-nfc? How fucking boring
The amount of people who avoid there own insurance like the plague on this sub lol
Meh its OTA's
As someone who has worked in warehouse inventory, I call bullshit
Oh hey thats where I live! A few months back there was a big fight when someones dad showed up. From what I observed from the 14th floor it looked like he wasn't very happy that his white daughter was involved with a black man. Anyway so he made a scene, some fists started flying, security destroyed daddy and dragged him away. All the while being taunted by drunk black dudes. (which was hilarious). Daughter was also crying and screaming "how could you". Strangest thing was that dad was dressed in pool attire.
Esports broadcasting in general is a joke. Its a lot of amateur hour because they dont actually have the budgets to do the spectacle the way the audience has begun to demand it be done. Think about it the nfl has 52 million different sponsors and hundreds of commercials per game. Most esports tournaments have computer component companies and blizzard ones in particular basically rerun those commercials. The reason you see a lot of problems is they only have these sets for 1 or 2 days then they go away. Nothing is permanent and that breeds production problems.
For people wondering why "management doesn't just fix it" it's because nurses have a position of power. Something like this which is an epidemic would likely cause a "rebellion" among the nurses and would basically require numerous hirings and firings which is a problem when peoples lives are at stake.
Ehhh i just watched jurrasic park yesterday; alot of this BEST CGI EVEN TODAY talk is just nonsense. What jurrasic park did do well is realize that cgi looks fake so they did everything they could.to.minimize that by adding in other things to obscure the viewers line of site. However one of the most cringe worthy moments is when the games.keeper gets jumped.and they're just holding a palm in front of the camera while the dude writhes around on the ground with a raptor.
As a Raiders fan I'm worried that Del Rio has what it takes. Early on last year I was worried that he was going to squander the first real talent Oakland has had in a decade. The squad he coached in Denver turned into the best in the NFL after he left and another coach came in. There were a few times last year where he looked like he was in over his head and then he made some interesting depth chart decisions. But we'll see how it works this year, he certainly has the swagger of a "raiders coach".
Always gonna be a lot of love for a gunslinger, leading the league in INT's be damned.
ugh we have paper tigers written all of us. We're everyones hot sleeper pick because JAX is too obvious and easy. Getting overhyped to the max. note: I love our team, its the best raiders squad in over a decade, but some of these people are expecting a little much from an unproven team with one 7-9 season under their belt.
&gt; This guy said this about Debose and Valles but no one else has seen that. I need a link that that's what he does all day And then u get hit in the knee, but gotta perform the next day, and your choice is a pill that gives you the runs and make you have cotton mouth all day, an injection that gives you the shakes when it wears off, or weed. Guess how many NFL players choose the weed?
As someone who owns 10 actual blood knights(I bought 1 and got the second pack because the first had so many finecast problems). They are absolutely not worth it. They dont even look good. You're better off kit bashing dragon princes and black knights.
Wtf are you talking about? Football isn't some arcane secret you can only learn by playing; you can definitely identify terms, deficiencies etc etc. Besides its not like ex players and coaches are better. Even current players and coaches do dumb stuff and think dumb stuff all the time.
I figured it belongs since the heroes discussed it on the latest pod
Yes but you don't have to be a player/coach to get what you are referring to. But this standard you are applying to PFF can be applied to every stat. After all JJ Watt led 2015 in sacks edging out khalil mack by 2.5 but JJ Watt is allowed every single play to rush against the weakest point in the offensive line bar none. Khalil and 3rd place Ezekial Ansah have to stay on their side of the ball and sometimes drop back into coverage. Your post addresses a problem with stats period, has nothing to do with PFF. For example the very much loved by every nfl fan Chris Kluwe (dat sarcasm tho) claimed that he was told by his coaches to kick shorter punts, then they later used his lower stats as justification for letting him go.
People who like warcraft will have this be a 10/10 people who dont will be 6-7/10. The 1/10 scores and battlefield earth comparisons are mind boggling
Because this guys being silly. The movie isnt trying to look "real" its trying to look like warcraft which it does in spades. Seems like there's a lot of people who are pretty jelly that they don't get it.
I actually think people expected the entire lotr trilogy. Which is the nature of memories but isnt fair considering tht its only 1 movie. That being said id say wc1 holds up to fellowship alone
As someone who works in logistics fucking fine, truck drivers are the worst.
The main problem isn't "paid for" congressman its the fact that the majority of congress has no idea how the internet works. So when all the phone companies come a knocking saying the big bad FCC is preventing your constituents from getting good Internet they act on misguided pretenses
Relisten to the soundtrack. The soul of all the warcraft music is there. The music is great.
Yea the way they turned the wizard fights into them using their wands like guns was silly.
And anyone else i need to bribe to make it happen
All that stuff is generated for the good of humanity; theres no payment involved.
Am i the only one who hates when people say "you had one job" when clearly the person had many more than that?
Meh its not like fitzpatrick has an amazing track record hes 43 and 61 career total w/l and has been on 6 different teams. So unless he suddenly figured out how to play pro ball at age 33 I'm gonna bet his success had more to do with the jets as a team than his qb play
They removed it because worgen spelled backwards is negrow and some people got some bright ideas on what to name their new worgen pets Bad look when world of wacraft accidentally references real life slavery
Gold standard rolling in his soccer pitch grave
Gw sells a couple brown spray primers. If they're too expensive army painter and other modeling companies have brands. Id never use commercial stuff because its designed to expand and take up as much space and fill in as well as possible; not good for models
Have you ever been to the everglades? You practically trip over the damn things. Id take my chances with sharks before gators
Ehh thats kind of taking this talk in a different direction; obviously wow plays with real life uses of certain things but the fantasy and the theme is still there. The fantasy of a marksmen hunter doesn't have me using a bow it has a nice longrifle with a scope
Their devs are considered top tier by what standard? That they dick around on the forums of their free game?
I think its much more like audiences google the movies out, and pick the one with the highest rotten tomato score
I dont understand how you can read the books and prefer yen
Usually when its triss' pov it talks about how she actually deeply loves and desires geralt. Meanwhile yennefer sees how many other men she can sleep with before geralt snaps
Well see with BW I value her (it?) for her ability to constantly heal multiple players. So at level one her trait heals 100 health every 4 seconds Lets take Malfurion, his regrowth at level 1 heals 500 health over 10 seconds. Brightwing assuming she pulses 2 heroes twice matches that output. The difference of course being that bright wings is free, doesn't have to be targeted, and is on a lower "cooldown" than malfurions heal is. Also because one of her abilities is not being "used" by a heal it allows her to have poly shield and flare. That being said of course there are scenarios where other people outheal her pound for pound and ideally you would choose another healer if your ONLY goal was straight healing throughput (like say morales for example) but rarely do you get your ideal and rarely do you ONLY need a support for straight healing throughput. Besides my brightwing build is usually (assuming no variable heroes like nova that demand reveal effects) 1-33% healing range increase 4-50% Arcane flare range increase 7-Reduce CD of mist whenever you cast a spell 10-Emerald Wind 13-Usually slow on arcane flare but 50% ability damage if they have multiple mages 16-make polymoprh targets vulnerable 20-stacking mist heals The only 3 "healing" abilities im taking are at level 1 7 and 20
Its the better ult
Real talk id do this for my gf; she hates her weight but hates working out more. Me on the other hand am usually very consistent but ive stopped because i dont want her to feel bad
Many many dont and many many get degrees in shit thats useless
Mcgloins hurt
This is why you fucking decline
How the fuck was that not intentional grounding? He fucking spiked it
That ref looks so upset that we are challenging
ITT: People find out that prison is shitty
Why fire him now and not let the new GM make the decision? Shit why not let Chip try his hand again at personal ala bellichek?
As a fan of a team that spent 13 years without a winning record and hired half as many coaches it infuriated me to see a team and fanbase treat a winning coach like he was sub gus bradley. I also get irrationally angry when browns fans coo over Carson Wentz as if he would have been anywhere near as successful behind clevelands line
My favorite part is Crab's disbelief that its actually happening. Like "what the fuck did that guy really just walk up to me specifically to break my chain?"
By facemasking at full speed. Also key that I never said aqib talib sought to intentionally injure I said the best play is to intentionally injure via a facemask
Corpse Princess Boy did that show go off the rails
We don't have universal healthcare because Ted Kennedy died and got replaced with a republican. That ended the supermajority coalition.
Well yea but what do you do with them? No other country wants them, do you just push em out the door and say cya?
Nah this is the most bullshit excuse people come up with to hate on Obama. He's the fucking commander in chief of the armed forces, if an armed forces operation goes well he gets credit. Lincoln gets credit for navigating through the civil war, but he sure as shit never fired a shot. Wilson gets credit for WW1, pretty sure he wasn't in no trenches Roosevelt gets a hella boost for WW2 but you damn well know he wasn't in Normandy. Bay of Pigs was a massive embaressment for Kennedy, but he wasn't on those beaches My Lai was a major blow to Johnson, but he wasn't out there gunning down villagers You don't get to pick and choose and go nuhuh Obama doesn't get credit for that because he didn't personally pull the trigger.
One thing that came out from the wikileaks emails is that quite a few countries that publicly condemned the US involvement in Libya and Syria were privately asking for US involvement via the state department. Alot of countries really rely on the US to be the world police
What dont you like vis-a-vis iran and israel?
Would it make you feel better if I told you he's issued less executive orders than any 2 term president since Grant? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_United_States_federal_executive_orders
why not? My anecdote is just as good as their anecdote sans evidence. Therefore I'm calling bullshit as my experience is different.
Just be honest and say what you want, you want a long term relationship with someone who also likes bdsm No need for codes or secrecy.
Ehhh an enemy they couldn't see and weren't expecting to find.
Its a function of the us election system wherein only the party fringe votes in the primaries therefore moderates get weeded out before they can hit the general election
Yea absolutely its because theres an issue with the rules and it hasnt been addressed. The only thing in the book right now that addrrsses certain situations is palpably unfair im all for adding more standardized or routine ways of handling it however until that happens id rather not the refs just allow teams abusing the rules to be rewarded is all.
I think it would be naive to say that race didn't play a part. Now I certainly don't think John Boehner or Mitch McConnel were like GET THE DAMN NEGRO OUT THE WHITE HOUSE. But I certainly feel like the absolutely extreme overreaction by the far right to his election was motivated in race which in turn pulled the party further and further to the right.
In the US sitting congressman are extremely difficult to unseat. Therefore even in cases where the electorate of a given district shifts political views they could still stick with an incumbent, just one of the oddities (or horrors to some) of american politics. When Kennedy died it gave his district a chance to re-align their congressman and they went republican. If its Ted Kennedy running chances are he keeps that seat, with a fresh run off? Who knows. Plus iirc his replacement basically ran on the fact that they'd stop universal healthcare (because that's what happened)
I'm just gonna go through your post to address a few things. &gt;The Republicans holding both houses have allowed quite a bit The 112th and 113th congresses (2011-2014) were the least productive congresses in terms of amount of bills passed since the incorporation of hawaii and alaska. Though I can't find current data the 114th looks to be barely better than its 2 predecessors. http://dailysignal.com/2014/12/30/turns-113th-congress-wasnt-least-productive/ &gt;every day that Obamacare isn't de-funded is a day of going through with his agenda. They can't defund obamacare because they can't overcome a presidential veto nor can they overcome democratic filibuster in the senate. Has nothing to do with their tacit acknowledgement &gt; Then there's all of the spending going on, which is typically a non-Republican thing It's a non republican thing in name only, republican administrations and congresses spend just much if not more than their democratic predecessor, generally because they cut taxes and dont cut spending to account for it so they drive up higher debts and deficits. &gt;Congress has the power of the purse but they're refusing to use it. They can't use it because they can't override Obama's veto or a democratic fillibuster.
Hey I work in live production so let me answer. The best way to ensure there are no problems is to do a rehearsal with all the parts that will be used during the show that includes the talent. However this isnt always possible or the talent simply doesnt want to so theyll send someone from their band or their assistant to test everything. Unfortunately these tests are usually nothing more than "is it on? Test test okay were done" And finally most A list talent travels/performs with their own tech operators hence why if its a problem with the tracks it wouldn't be on dick clark productions. But honestly shit happens in live production especially musically sometimes shit just goes wrong.
Hey so this means I can play rag regularly?
She-hulk cartoon specifically the transformation scene
Was their defense too complex as well?
idk if you view the NFL through rose colored glasses as a pats fan but the last 15 years have been the same teams in competition, and the same teams as bottom feeders. I'm not saying turn arounds can't happen, its just that they are preceded by getting players on the team and actually building. Winning in the NFL isn't some improbable coin flip. Furthermore if you want attention in mega-market like LA you need to be a consistent winner.
Lame that making the playoffs exempts you. Basically means we're always stuck with meh teams
Totally seperate walked up to crab after a play and snatched it and ran
It will decimate keeps if left alone, I think combined with general of hell a demonic invasion on a keep can take out half its health or more depending on the placement of the secondary turret. If I want to dunk I take black pool If I want to win I take invasion and drop it on enemy buildings every cooldown.
Not viable, just better. The beam as it is is viable because it forces the target to run around, if they happen to be hit by cc then it does pretty damn good damage. It also is an instant "I win this duel" button. Either they sit there and tank purifier and die or they run away.
Wtf even is this you're bitching because huskar was a troll throwing spears and not axes? Get a life lol
while conveniently ignoring the stat based argument I posted lol.
The no overtime in the truck is wrong and illegal The passengers in the truck is not wrong and illegal and is actually the company doing said passengers a solid as they don't have to put miles/gas on their personal vehicles Before you file a wage claim (and as you said potentially lose your job) try advocating in a way that says, "hey guys I'm pretty sure this is illegal and you could get in trouble for it!" Never assume maliciousness when incompetence can be the case. Many small business owners are good at selling their particular product, not at actually running a business or HR.
Go to the police, police will contact them for footage. Just be prepared op to find out that the cams were mysteriously not working that night or down for maintenance. Look through your rental agreement for anything guaranteeing camera surveillance.
It is illegal and against copyright So take that information as you will.
Every other industry is able to maintain standards of customer service without requiring "tipping" to pay their employees. If you feel you deserve a "commision" thats something you negotiate with your boss. Not an onus to put on a customer. I'm there to eat and have a good time; not worry about suddenly being directly responsible for your wagerate. All other commissioned employees take their cut off the list price of the product. There is nothing different or special about being a waiter that means that should be different. Especially when there are other countries were tipping isn't a thing and they manage to have high quality restaurants with dedicated waitstaff just fine
Most progressive would be the hots team. Yes im being pedantic
Id imagine the biggest issue and what i recall the devs saying is that it amounted to a block feature which would fuck with the matchmaking in hots overwatch and sc2. As well as the pain in the ass of having to reinstance people in WOW to avoid their friends or guildmates. They also didn't want to deal with just letting the game allow you to run into people in game via matchmaker or physically being present in wow. And the inevitable bawwing and fallout that would cause.
1. Dustin Browder while he was game director up until a few weeks ago would simply answer any questions put to him on twitter. 2. They release a new hero every 3-4 weeks and aggressively balance them to ensure they come within +/-5% of 50% 3. Devs display striking transparency and often directly implement or add player suggestions to the game within a month 4. Devs always explain what theyre trying to go for with any given gameplay change and are open and honest when heros get away from them or present balancing problems (kaelthas) 5. As the older heroes fall out current design philosophy they are frequently updated and reworked to keep pace with newer heroes as well as fit the current design meta. 6. They admit their mistakes
The one based on the scopes monkey trial
U seem upset lol
Deploy them in advance of ur troops to thin out approaching arnies if you are defending. Hide them in forests and have them go to work against the enemies back line or set them against enemy siege units. If you're attacking ranged armies really want that walk up phase of free shooting to thin out your army. Advanced deployment skirmishers can tie up that fire via distraction or by engaging enemy ranged units. And finally they are a great anti flanker unit to protect your own ranged and siege units from the variety of quick moving flank units. Theoretically does it make your army "harder" if you just only have big block stacks? Yea but you could also just auto resolve every battle too.
What essential content is blocked? All heroes can be had with gold which they chuck at you while you level/do quests. There's also been the recent nexus challenge which gave u like 10 heroes if you played with friends
Block lists are generally much smaller than friends lists and are usually game specific not cross game
I feel like his AP build is fantastic if you cant AA effectively against a certain comp. He turns into a chromie that punishes you for getting close and bawwwgawd guillotine is dirty
Get the nexus bundle its the same cost of buying a game
Get better internet/computer. Twitch streaming has a delay
Im still upset about the addition of finishing blows, but thankfully the community despite my worst fears is able to handle it
Cant wait till salty texans fans start shining lazers at this game and the ensuing shitstorm because this game isn't in mexico city
Source? Or gtfo
Well dont you feel silly
To be honest I've never thought arnold would be a faithful husband. He used to point blank walk up to girls on venice and blurt "do you want to fuck me?"
Lawl literally no reason to pick taz dingo
So your making shit up based off random insults?
I mean on a base level this would be criminal mischief in colorado http://www.criminalpropertydamage.com/colorado/ Crabs a bigger man than me because Id be filling a civil suit and a police report over this
Because deandre grabbed amersons
Fundamental flaw in comparing tazdingo to guillotine is that guillotine is a VERY safe ult
Bullshit there are plenty of ways to make football less dangerous that wouldn't impact the excitement of the game. Starting with actually punishing dirty/dangerous hits as opposed to touchdown dances. Players want to win, and if they know that laying a dirty hit will end with a hefty penalty followed by a fine and possible suspension they'll stop doing it. Until then we'll have shit like this because Dupree knows that knocking the QB out of the game=win.
idk after his twitter tirade against participation trophies where he basically threw his kids trophies away, I'm pretty sure he's an asshole.
How do you figure? The ability power build allows you to do damage from a much safer distance than auto attacking
Unfortunately a lot of business software has these weird quirks especially the specialty stuff.
What insurance do you have? I've never had to pay a deductible for a "not at fault" accident all three times I've been in one.
She learned the lesson that you're a terrible enough person that you can justify theft over 3 minutes wait?
Any insulting terms for any politician. If you're calling him obummer or donald dunce you probably dont knowwhat you're talking about
Human beings
You're ruining the fantasy.
Nah thats theft lol.
Founding father used here in very loose terms
bruh......
secret garden prolly Although ASU's campus has always been a popular spot for crazy preachy types
Alternatively : waitstaff treating customers like shit
I don't think you know what zipper merging is
"Always remember to stay away from wikipedia class, anybody can change it whenever they want and its not a reliable source! Now type in www.geocities........" -_-
Duh international competitions that have viewership from dozens of countries defeat domestic viewerships. Also the world cup viewership is hilariously exaggerated in that chart. Their potential "peak" viewership is 6 billion people.
And immediately will be picked up by and contribute to the patriots
When was the last time a raiders player got arrested?
One thing you gotta learn about the community opinion with this game is that it is obsessed at assigning and following "value" Talents,heroes, and abilities that dont have easily derived "value" are often overlooked and even decried by this fan base. For example when Samuro was ruling the nexus the "hot button" was his "self cleanse" because of the insane "value" it gave. There were dozens of think pieces and tirades about how there would be no way samuro would ever be balanced unless that aspect of his kit was removed. That never went away and here we are. Alot of people also fall into the direct comparison fallacy. "Why pick tyrande when morales gives better VALUE ?" Nevermind that Tyrande's kit offers things that morales doesnt have and vice versa, the VALUE isn't there. Basically take the meta with a grain of salt, the meta changes constantly as people discover new things and counters. Sonya and Arthas were frequently derided as worthless i think a year ago, then a pro team rode them to victory in a major tournament. TL;DR nobody knows what they're talking about go with what feels right and you have success with
Theoretically speaking we could do without murray, we just need to make sure that we replace him with an "inbetween the tackles" back. Richard and Washington are outside the tackles backs.
btw you can include a start time in a link you copy and paste your URL Then you add #t=()m()s where the parenthesis would have numbers and M stands for minutes and S stands for seconds So for example your link you would add #t=1m14s Or for a full link https://youtu.be/wepgzlasF9U#t=1m14s
to be fair, there is a reason there were like 9 new starters this year.
That, and I think there is usually a bevvy of stuff that we can't see behind the scenes.
Flyers/skirmishers for artillery Oh also use the woods
Well at the time yes the british empire contained vast swathes of land across the world and they were the only major power standing against Hitler until Hitler decided to lulzily attack Russia. Hitlers aim was a theoretically world domination, and therefore when you are the only one standing against someone bent on dominating the world you are in fact leading the world
I mean, his team is still in the playoffs while the bronies didnt even make it so it sounds like was right AND got paid
I mean......being with the raiders would be like getting with a black guy after breaking up with ur white racist boyfriend
Iirc the sorceresses college was only like 8 individuals so 5 aint bad
Call them, just be very clear that you two know each other and that your aren't attempting to do this to random people
GOT already has a crapton of cameos/recasts of people known for other roles.
Well now you've moved my goal post because i was addressing the person i responded to who said famous people being cast is distracting. So no under your narrow definition there arent that many cameos. But here's a nice list from vanity fair https://www.google.com/amp/www.vanityfair.com/hollywood/photos/2016/06/game-of-thrones-cameos/amp
Did you really feel the need to point this out? Like did you really think anybody had forgotten?
Basically washington was the one everyone liked, Ben Franklin maybe, but everyone else fell along ideological lines.
A new stadium deal would get done for the Raiders in SD.
ehhh spinatos is better than venezias
woulda just been better if they'd won
Probably a dreadnought hellbrute, deff dread, and wraith guard
Society as a whole does, that's the way society works, if enough people don't like it, it goes away. You could take the exact same arguement you are applying for here (all ideas deserve to be equally entertained cuz....fairness?) and use it to defend every single thing that has society has outlawed. You are essentially arguing against society as a whole.
ASU in general if you could define its culture and everything its student body does is "not taking things too seriously " Or more accurately A shit post
You do realize people can have atleast played multiple games right? People are not JUST cod players or JUST starcraft players
If you have to say it.....
They didnt score with little time though. They scored with about 3ish minutes left on the clock. Scoring with little time to force a tie/prevent a field goal would be scoring with like 30 seconds left. It was too much to be game ending, too little to prevent the steelers from running it out with a first down.
Look up ASU's secret tunnels That shit was sketch
The roles are mostly for quick match purposes at this point. Quick match only allows for certain team comps to be made based on role introducing too many different unique classifications would muck up that system and would require more under the hood work than simple text and column swaps. Itd also likely increase que tines. Then again this is just another way to say laziness.
I love when ops leave out massively important information like a profit sharing agreement
Lol he totally never thought itd happen
You are aware that this is a benefit of the safety position right? Do you think Dak Prescott is better offensive player than zeke elliot because dak has way more pass yards too?
The underlying issue is the seahawks defense just seem like they dont want to do anything related to their contractually obligated jobs. Its like they hate being football players. They wanna threaten the media for having the temerity to provide the coverage that generates the interest that gets them paid, they complain about having to play so many games a year so close together, they complain about the rules and how unfair it is to be an nfl defense, they complain about how the NFL doesnt protect players and then they go do things that are illegal that could hurt players.
Itt: people pretend animals want to do any of the things we force them to and that this dog should have had a "choice"
You honestly think a human being can "beat" a big cat?
You can file a wage claim you can also have an actual phone conversation about whats going on and if they've been sending the check the wrong location if so you can also just drive out to where they cut checks and get your check. Phone conversation should be something along the lines of "hey its santa I still haven't recieved my check, have you mailed it? Hmm you know what it's either getting lost in the mail or somethings haplening because I dont have it ill just come to you. No i cannot wait for it to come in the mail any longer. Im sorry you have to void it but it simply isnt reaching me"
Anyone can sue anyone for anything. If she does sue you get a lawyer you'll probably win, make sure you show up to all court dates. That being said she's going to have a hard time proving slander, the only one who could possibly prove a slander charge is him vis-a-vis you accusing him of rape. However he would then have to prove that he did not in fact rape you which would of course be difficult. Now here ends the legal advice Life advice: Cut and block these people out of everything. No instagram, no Facebook, no twitter. Not unfriended, blocked. If you have a particular friends group/social circle and they run in it I'd advise you find a new social circle as well. Its not easy, its not fair, but this is your best bet of being able to move on with your life and avoid situations like this.
This sounds like a union thing. She needs to go to her work to get this sorted. If she doesn't want to do that she's going to need to quit/eventually she will quit via job abandonement. However what job/union is this your post is pretty vague
Yea she needs to go get it sorted in person like and adult. If not she's going to quit by proxy via job abandonement
Vendor A released us from payment before they closed
Bruh, they made the sign on their machines with their employees and delivered it with their vehicle. Then that very same day one of their employees led a workers coup and everyone quit en masse and formed vendor B. Owner of vendor A confirmed that he didn't want nor need payment for the sign as he was now closing up. A few weeks after that we received an invoice from vendor b for the sign
The Sin City Oakland Raiders of Los Angeles
So if I go to mcdonalds, buy a burger, then the owner of that mcdonalds says its free, then the next day mcdonalds closes, the fry chef can come try and make me pay for that burger?
Vendor A folded after we were delivered the work. Vendor B didnt exist until after Vendor A was folded because Vendor B is all the employees of Vendor A sans owner of Vendor A
Itt: that scene from Ridgemont high when debbies boyfriend lasts 35-45 minutes as is "normal"
Itt someone isnt a high templar unless they have feedback
High templar are weird half damage half support casters Tassadar is a weird half damage half support caster
Sex drive.
You spend 8+ hours a day at work to afford a house/apartment that you feel obligated to leave because you dont want to feel guilt over being lazy
Certain teams transcend their home market and become more important than where they play. The Raiders are one of them, Oakland doesnt define them, they define Oakland. Packers, and Patriots are 2 other examples of this.
By the time the tv contracts roll around again chances are theyre going to switch to a sunday ticket-esque streaming model so region broadcasts may not be that big of a deal if you want to watch "your" game
So team in london is a guarantee?
Arab women are lowkey hella hot
Yea id forgotten they're a distinct ethnic group. I shouldn't have said arab, I should have said middle eastern
Anything in this game is "legal" Unbound is a thing. Of course that makes you a douchenozzle but yea
Two things 1. Good guy Derek Carr is following his religion and using his position of influence to call for peace and togetherness, the results are set being upset wont help. I fucking hate Donald trump but Carr is right the best thing to do is come together. 2. Every single athelete and person in the NFL should be a republican because it is their best interest. The republican party overwhelmingly benefits the rich, which everyone who is position coach&amp;up and player is. I don't blame them for that, it's their best interest to support the repubs. I'm not rich so I support the democrats. But it doesn't upset me when people like NFL atheletes support Repubs because it would be mind numblingly stupid for them to do otherwise.
So now that this has been proving to be faked/biased is everyone who condemned this production company/film going to apologize?
Lol you can't revoke diplomatic immunity
And here we go everyone gets excited for another patriots QB thatll be meh the 2nd he leaves New England
Ehh he broke his leg mid breakout season If that don't happen chances are he is still on the team, but as it was he was the odd man out because he doesn't have the physical traits of holmes, but is gonna cost more than a random udfa/low round draft. That being said he caught the game winner for the 49ers against the rams this year
He and marquette hang out all the time, he watched the Texans game with Derek Carr
Hence my everlasting advice to discuss list scope
They had 2 guys miss a tackle on the ball carrier
Why the fuck wouldn't they pursue it?
So how did ted get out then?
According to the claims of this diver this "moment" was 3-4 hours
The wiki article lists an alternative theory pushed by a BBC program that he actually separated from her because he was worried about being seen with a woman alone that late and then she crashed the car, hence why he didn't report it because he didn't actually know it happened.
if the bbc is to be believed it wouldn't have happened anyway because he'd get her an uber
you said without any sources whatsoever than your personal feelings
Ugh I wish teams would describe their defenses as more than just "4-3" or "3-4"
His gunner prolly got a kill and he assumed it was his or something
Executive orders arent laws, they're more similar to workplace rules for the executive branch. It just so happens that these rules have far reaching effects due to the nature of the federal government.
Yes the president is commander -in-chief of the armed forces
Your sources are so overwhelmingly convincing
I wonder what this will mean for the translators who helped our armed forces in these countries who are still awaiting visas
Going to pegging is 0-100 Fingering is the next step up frm rimming and massaging
I lived at university house and got 100 up/down IDK if that's changed though. Only had 2 service outages in two years. When my service was out though I was close enough to get ASU's campus wifi so I just used that.
Fuck Aqib Talib
I mean objectively its prolly true,he gets the NFL experience, without the brain damage or constant aches and pains that can only.be silenced with high dosage painkillers
