I'm trying to picture what defiantly joining a game would look like.
But it's in the Gem Store for the same price. Edit: You can buy it through the gem store interface, but may not use gems.
But what happens to the people that are buying this pre-order right now that own the base game? Will they be refunded?
Yeah, I'm in the same spot, I don't want to pay for more than I am getting.
But this doesn't feel fair to anyone that has the game already. New players essentially get the base game for free.
No it is priced in dollars and is just for you connivence. (you already have your credit card in the gem store if you have bought anything) But no, gems you currently have can not be used for the preorder.
No, of course not, but to say "here's the game+plus expansion for $50, but if you already own the game... $50" Does that sound fair?
Sorry, I should of clarified. Thank you for that.
I suppose that is a fair point, I just personally disagree with a business model like that. I can see both sides of the argument though. Edit: I would also like to quote part of the HoT faq: "Q: Do I have to own Guild Wars 2 to play the expansion? A: Yes. Guild Wars 2: Heart of Thorns is an expansion to Guild Wars 2 and not a stand-alone campaign, and therefore it requires the base game to play." This seems to imply someone should buy the game before hand. So what about people that just bought it a few days ago? Should they get a refund?
But now everyone bought it three years ago. What if you bought it yesterday at full price and than are told today that you could have saved that money?
We can only hope.
Just to build on that, it seemed clear that there will be a leaderboard of some sort.
Spend them while you can?
Just to answer a few things: 1. HoT does not have 3 maps or zones or whatever. Verdant Brink (the first single map we enter in the expansion will have 3 distinct layers- the recent beta event showed half of one of those layers) So HoT will have an unknown number of maps- ANet has not said how many. Guild halls will occur somewhere as large instances. Don't worry the expansion will be plenty big. 2. No info on arena specifics, but there has been more info through an interview. I will grab the link. Edit: [here is the link](http://www.zam.com/story.html?story=36174)
They have confirmed that they will be instances. [source](http://www.zam.com/story.html?story=36174)
I really look forward to fighting a guild hall full of mordrem on my own. I'll make my own challenging content!
Actually it's like buying a car with five steering wheels, but you have to pay a bit more for access to a sixth steering wheel that was advertised heavily.
You got to play the game for the last however long with no subscription fee.
Not replying? If you aren't buying HoT, you don't have anything to discuss.
Only two? You realize that people have to sit down and create these things right? How many were you expecting?
I believe they have said that not all the new legendaries will be available at the launch of HoT and I think they are going to be focusing on the weapons that currently have a "joke" legendary. (such as short bow)
Hence the quotes.
This is most likely one of the first weapons that will get a second legendary.
Not that we know of.
From Guild Halls: Taken From the Enemy blog post: &gt;While the Initiative Headquarters is not a full guild hall, it will provide access to existing features that we’re moving out of the guild panel for those guilds that do not upgrade to the expansion.
I'm sure it will reappear next wintersday. It would be unusual for them to offer one eater at any time (you might have to buy living story season 2 but it is still possible to get whenever you want) and only offer one as a one time deal. Just six short months to go!
That's about 8-10 silverwastes chest farm loops. You could get those back in no time.
Correct, and I don't know how the guild bank will be handled. I was simply providing a source.
[Highly relevant](http://images.mmorpg.com/features/7215/images/volunteer%20comic.jpg)
Guild Halls will be locked, and those that don't purchase HoT will use the new Guild building in Lion's Arch. This building will not have the features of a guild hall, just NPCs so all guilds can stay on even footing. (there won't be a Tavern but there will be the Tavern NPC, etc.)
No official word, but it would be reasonable to assume they will end when HoT is released. Since the pre-purchase is now how new players buy the core game, I don't see them pulling the pre-purchase at any time. Also, once HoT is out the price and packages (deluxe, ultimate) will be the same, but you will have missed beta weekends and the chance to get the title.
[From the wiki](http://wiki.guildwars2.com/images/5/51/Mist_Herald_Back_Item_Skin.jpg)
Overcast reference? Or am I missing something by not hosting one?
Happy birthday! I suppose my advice would be to take the time to read a physical book, any sort will do. (even a comic book) And take care of summer homework now, it's far more satisfying.
Have a level 80, go to the silverwastes, do events to earn bandit crests, buy keys from the vendor in camp resolve, look in the lfg tool (hit y and go to the second tab down) for a chest train group, "join in the silverwastes", follow commander, press f to loot, repeat. (this isn't the best explanation but I'm on mobile)
You're going to have to change your password as well, just as a heads up.
I have 3 and a personal guild with the first and second upgrades. This gives me 90 slots for account bound items (my bank) and 150 slots for non-account bound items (guild bank) such as materials or tonics.
OP also suggested making them a crafting material.
Which pre-purchase 'tier' did you get?
I guess look at what gives xp, and find the cheapest option.
If you feel like this is a bug, make a bug report.
Dying of the Light is a sci fi book.
The answer is t6 mats if you are trying to convert to gold or make a legendary.
Are EU players able to join NA guilds or vice versa?
I'm guessing instantly.
Noir Edit: I should mention that it's more important that you enjoy your writing than it is to follow what others want.
A longer format (the Americapox video is another longer one), that goes more in-depth on the topic and also relies more on actual video footage than his usual animated style.
Given that the Nordic countries are in the top 10 of the [Democracy Index](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Democracy_Index), I'm not sure anyone could seriously say it isn't working. Still an interesting question though.
I believe he usually uses reddit, but I think he has blocked the site from his computer for the most part, so probably no where at the moment. (see [dialing down](http://www.cgpgrey.com/blog/dialing-down)) He did once mention that he was interesting in following http://fivethirtyeight.com/since it was created by Nate Silver, so it would be interesting to see what his thoughts are now.
Happy cake day!
I highly recommend the Wait But Why series on Elon http://waitbutwhy.com/2015/05/elon-musk-the-worlds-raddest-man.html
Isn't it Getting Things Done and one other book? I forget the second one but this question was asked on HI.
He can do his usual animated-grey-at-his-desk
I think he means the style of the video, not a follow-up on the subject.
I feel like ANet already discussed that this is exactly how it will work.
I'm just going to assume this is attempted humor.
I feel like future expansions were confirmed while they unveiled HoT, elite specs, masteries, guild halls, etc., were all designed to be built upon for future expansions.
Yes it is
I don't see why not.
Hahaha! I didn't even think about that, but yes, I might have a conflict of interests.
I believe his wife lived there? He mentioned it on HI.
Also, it's silly to waste a question on something that's already been answered right? I mean, the video is only going to be so long, so it's best if everything asked is unique.
I think so, yes
&gt; Written and Directed by Joel &amp; Ethan Coen It'll work. Don't worry.
An alphabetical listing of the cast? It's not like the number of name matches the number actor pictures and looks weird.
No, go watch the trailer.
Maybe add a /s next time? Sarcasm is hard to convey in text.
The length means you can go more in depth on a topic, a 15 minute video really lets you cover all the points you want to make, especially compared to the average video of 5 minutes or so. In addition, HNNA uses a lot of real world video as opposed to still images and animations. This gives it a look of "higher production value" (and in fact, Grey has said that the video cost a fair bit more than normal to create because of the video footage).
I think I'll be going with this one. I just hope that the OSX version is released soonish.
What VPN option would you suggest for a student who can't afford Cloak?
It's $30 in their own website: http://shop.teslamotors.com/collections/accessories/products/tesla-mug-set
I read that as "likely to ship autonomously" and got really confused and excited.
When the current season ends, ranks reset and you can make more progress by crossing the same divisions again. This way, almost anyone can get the item it will just take longer.
Would you consider offering a way to remove discipline experience?
Yeah it makes sense, but it's still really annoying that you can't remove disciplines. (At least I find it annoying, I'm sure it doesn't bother everyone)
I'm almost positive that all they said was buying each component backpiece would be cheaper during the first year and once the year is up the price will increase and the new items will be at the cheaper price. Essentially, the backpieces are on discount for the year and will go up to "normal" at the end of the year and the new items will be on discount for the next year. Although the price will only go up once, it will be easier to get the backpieces during the first year. You should be able to unlock them at any point in the future though. I've seen people talk about the backpiece being removed, so if ANet changed something please let me know. The price increase was what I read from blog posts.
Those would probably be put in options if they were ever added to the game.
Given that he never mentions it in a video or podcast, I'm guessing most people (like me) don't know about it.
Correct, but I don't recall you mentioning a book. (It's entirely possible that I am wrong though). Also, congrats on 2 million!
Looks like Tesla doesn't sell cars in Turkey, wonder if that's the only place you can't buy one or something?
If you look on wikipedia, the yellow house in the background has since been painted white with blue trim and so has it's model and it's model's model. [wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Godshill_Model_Village.jpg) [google maps] (https://www.google.com/maps/@50.6326456,-1.254745,3a,75y,325.76h,79.07t/data=!3m8!1e1!3m6!1s-_g-iCm0FOI0%2FVZlBNfSVi3I%2FAAAAAAAAAxk%2Fp4hhOeAz-EA!2e4!3e11!6s%2F%2Flh5.googleusercontent.com%2F-_g-iCm0FOI0%2FVZlBNfSVi3I%2FAAAAAAAAAxk%2Fp4hhOeAz-EA%2Fw203-h101-n-k-no%2F!7i10240!8i5120)
&gt;Me and a friend just downloaded GW2, if we were to spawn near each other, we just need to pick the same server and race? We'll probably go with different professions. yes, pick the same server, but you don't need to pick the same race, because you will start with one waypoint in each starting zone unlocked &gt;All I hear about survivability in this game is dodge, can someone link me a good guide or a video demonstrating how useful it is? (I'd search it myself but I'm on mobile for a few hours. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0QJTwWY3tAE also, go ahead and turn off the "double tap a wasd key to dodge" feature and just learn to dodge with v or whatever you want to bind it to because it's just going to mess you up. &gt;We usually play by ourselves, with just the two of us, how likely are we to hit wall where we will need more people? And probably when? Well I would say 1. dungeons, but no one really plays those anymore, so the next thing would be 2. fractals, which you can use the LFG tool (press y) for at least the first half of fractal levels, so you're probably fine for a while on those (this is at level 80 btw) 3. guild activities, which need way more than 2 people, but I recommend you just find a guild to join (/r/guildrecruitment is a good spot, but you can wait till 80 to join) 4. raids, which need 10 people than all know what to do and can talk over ts/skype/mumble/discord/whatever (this assumes you have HoT and also you won't even be able to run a raid right at 80 so don't worry about it) tl;dr honestly, not for a long, long time
As soon as they are added to the collection, you are fine to delete the items.
Because Amazon.
It's still the last book if you read them in publication order. (The proper way to read the series)
Try equipping it.
It releases with the next quarterly patch, which should line up with the end of the current PvP season. Edit: middle of July is when the PvP season ends
Well I guess their fix wasn't without flaw. Let ANet know with a bug report that it still doesn't work for you.
There is a trial mode before the boost is fully consumed so feel free to try it out and if you don't like it you can just cancel it.
Have you tried fractals since the HoT change? I personally find them a lot more fun than before. Also, your personal fractal level doesn't matter, it's how much Agony Resistance you have. I'm pretty sure you only need to get to level 25 before you unlock lfg for up to fractal scale 50.
You're welcome!
I have the day off and so far I've just been reading. 10:30am
You might want to try /r/askreddit, or a more education specific subreddit for a better response.
House of Leaves by Mark Z. Danielewski It's really, really good, but also a very unusual book.
Do you think that the new design uses space better than the old one?
But that's why reddit is great, because you can choose exactly which communities to be a part of. You like reddit so much because it's about all the stuff you like and if you change, reddit can change with you.
What about the new raid testing area?
They will absolutely be able to retrieve your account, I've switched email before and it wasn't a problem at all. I would say expect a response either today or tomorrow depending on how busy support is. Also, this is the perfect place for a quick question like yours.
Verdant Brink is the easiest in my opinion.
Not this.
But he clearly states how little of an impact cleaning towels on the environment. I mean, do you think that everyone that drives a car that isn't electric or a hybrid anti environment?
The reddit app probably doesn't have it because it's a gold feature
Try contacting support
Yes to both questions. Additionally, black lion salvage kits should be used when salvaging an exotic item with a rune you want to sell.
I haven't personally experienced this so I'm not sure, the next time it happens, check your Internet connection.
Looks like I was proven wrong. Glad your question was answered. :)
Start with number 1 it's the best way to listen to them.
http://wiki.guildwars2.com/wiki/Astralaria#Full_material_list Looks like there's a fair amount of stuff you can get without the expansion. Mystic Tribute, Gift of the Mists, 100 Icy Runestones, Gift of Metal, and a Bloodstone Shard all should be doable without HoT. I would also look through the precursor crafting and collections, there's going to be a fair number of time gated materials and other currencies and items there you can gather in advance.
Wait, why is someone else playing on your account a problem? What if I login to my friends account every day and just mail his login rewards to my main account? (Both accounts are paid for and he doesn't play anymore)
And some orange thing.
Try blocking out time in a calendar to work on writing. You could also try writing in a different location than your home. I hear those "coffee shops" are a common spot. :)
What sort of movies do you like to watch? Or do you have directors or actors you like? What books are you reading right now?
What do you like to watch on YouTube?
What are you reading right now?
What does world building involve?
Awesome, thanks for answering questions like this. I'm sure you have a lot of work to do to get the app ready for launch, but I really appreciated it and I'm a lot of other people do too.
Glad to help, let me know if you have any other questions, I know way to much about this game.
Ah, well you can still try the calendar trick. What about biking? Maybe to a library?
Glad I could help out! :)
Big Wes Anderson fan, The Grand Budapest Hotel and The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou are both really good. I like David Fincher, Zodiac might be my favorite of his. I do really need to see more Edgar Wright movies, I've only seen Scott Pilgrim and Ant-Man. (I don't think I actually knew Ant-Man was by him at the time) Favorite movies of mine include The Departed, Silence of the Lambs, Schindler's List, Dead Poets Society, Good Morning, Vietnam, and I'm stopping there because I would probably spend way to much time just listing movies. I haven't read anything by Dawkins, but I hear good things. Right now I'm reading House of Leaves by Mark Z. Danielewski, American Gods by Neil Gaiman, and Superintelligence by Nick Bostrom.
Ah, ok the only gaming channel I watch is Dunkey. I mostly stick to educational(?) (informative?) channels.
Hmm I haven't read either, but I've heard of the Zen one.
Ok, well server actually doesn't matter at all for PvP or PvE since Guild Wars 2 uses a "mega server" system were it just groups people from all different NA servers (or EU if that's where you're playing) together. I don't really have a good thumb on what the best servers for WvW are, but if you just pick one that is labeled as having more people you'll probably be set.
There's no way of knowing if ANet will do anything about mystic coins.
That's a good idea.
If you want to watch a genuine play through, Dunkey isn't what you want, but if you are looking to laugh your way through the whole video, go watch Dunkey. For educational channels I watch CGP Grey, Vihart, Kurzgesagt, Smarter Every Day, Minute Physics, Minute Earth, Objectivity, Veritasium, VSauce, and Every Frame a Painting.
No problem!
Yeah this really isn't free booting.
Destin has started a new channel that records video and audio of different locations, but the audio is recorded on two different microphones (one for each ear), so when you watch the video you get a sense of being in that location.
You must not have read the book Red Mars by Kim Stanley Robinson. I highly recommend it if you want to read a book that really gets into how settling on Mars might play out.
Yes, but I decided to explain the concept rather than assume everyone knows what binaural audio is.
Not sure if your flag point was a joke, but none of the games Grey plays involve flags.
Did we read the same post? OP just explained how playing through the raid is completely unnecessary if you really want to read the lore. Sure, maybe there could be a better design, but other players are giving you a solution while you ask ANet for one.
I think you are vastly over estimating the difficulty of raids. There are guides, builds and explanations of every part. The only limiting factor is acquiring gear and that just takes time.
Why did I have to scroll this far to find someone name this film?
I'm looking forward to the WWDC were Apple can tell me how outdated all my stuff is. But seriously, I do hope they announce some cool stuff.
If they've gone to so much trouble, you think they would also bother to price the game normally.
I was actually just recommended Her Story yesterday, so I'll request that one.
Everyone downvoting him is clearly taking offense.
You always had the option to block safari using restrictions. Edit: If you read the article (you really just have to look at the pictures) you'll see safari is not one of the stock apps that can be removed in this new way.
You can disable safari in restrictions and still use chrome and any apps with built-in web browsing like normal. Apps that rely directly on safari will not function completely.
&gt; Contact Steam Yeah that usually works perfectly.
Because (as far as I can tell) Bernie and Clinton differ on some issues that Bernie supporters feel strongly about. A large number of Bernie supporters are younger and therefore this is likely one of the first presidential elections they've taken place in. Now that the primary process is coming to an end, neither presumptive nominee for either major party represents what Bernie fans are looking for in a candidate.
I don't think that the phrase is suddenly being used more, it sounds like a bit of a coincidence. The phrase has been around for quite some time.
Yeah I noticed an alarming amount of stuff can now be done without even opening the phone.
Actually no, smart watches appear to be the first watches people can use as both professional and exercise watches.
Actually iOS 10 will let you remove some default apps.
Either people will use them or they won't
Let your mailbox fill up, after which you wouldn't get any more mail.
No. Sorry.
Why can't you have these items? I realize legendaries are near impossible on F2P accounts, but what stops you from crafting ascended items? To answer your question just check the wiki page for spirit shards, it will list all the uses. (Eldritch Scroll, Mystic Crystal, and Philosopher's Stone may be useful)
My guess would be that it's a more a matter of someone at ANet actually spending time to fix this. (and make sure their fix actually works) I would be surprised if this is a different fix, it's probably just not high on the priority list.
But he clearly opened the image because otherwise he wouldn't know it was a picture of one of Grey's videos.
Ah ok
This happened before with TouchID, the first iPad to be released after TouchID didn't have it (likely because it was being developed in parallel and I assume the SE was the same), but then every iOS device after has had it. So no, doesn't seem odd at all.
Yeah, I've always heard it as reed.
Who is downvoting this person? All they're doing is giving their opinion.
Sorry buddy, but the proper reference here is *It's an older code sir, but it checks out*
It just annoys me that people don't seem to always know how voting works
I just noticed someone has a rainbow, how did they get that one?
That's really cool
Why not just use a full set of cultural?
Well I don't like heights so that's probably why I don't like looking at it.
Are you using the new 64bit client or the 32bit one?
They did, I remember a post on here a week or two back about this.
I believe there is a bug or something right now, but once that's fixed, then yes because there are now two servers two a team. It seems a lot more active at the moment.
Mine's quite a bit more active so it must just depend on the server.
I'm genuinely surprised you've played idle games without hearing about about cookie clicker. As far as I know, it was the popularity of cookie clicker that resulted in the creation of a lot of the recent idle games.
Turn on rotation lock?
There's no way someone that doesn't already understand what net neutrality is would understand that. The article is still poorly worded
I'm sure we all forget sometimes :D
Archer isn't gory at all?
Depends how old the family is. Definitely not appropriate for kids though.
Moonrise Kingdom and The Grand Bundapest Hotel are the names. That's a pretty wide range of movies, so I'll just recommended some that I saw recently and liked. The Raid: Redemption Ex Machina Zodiac (basically any David Fincher movie is good) The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou is another good one by Wes Anderson Saw it awhile ago, and it's nothing like any of the films you listed, but Her is really good.
A quick check of Google says no
And hence the one that will receive upvotes.
I've seen all of black mirror, that's a great show!
I want to go watch that again now.
It was great because the book is a wonderful experience, and I went in really worried that the film wouldn't be able to match it. But it was clear pretty quickly that Hugo had no problem matching the magic of the book.
Well, you can join up to five guilds, maybe it's time to look for a PvP focused one? (Plus since repping does basically nothing these days it's pretty easy to be active in more than one guild) Edit: /r/guildrecruitment
Maybe realize that everyone likes different things and just because you enjoy the game doesn't mean everyone should. In fact, if everyone liked the same thing the world would be a pretty boring place. Also feel free to comment and let them know what's new and why they should return. Not really sure what there is to feel "jaded" about.
/dance /sit Etc....
A kasmeer is a unit of weight (or maybe mass), not length.
Maybe you just like Alfonso Cuarón?
A second tweet revealed that someone sent it to the PO Box they used for the flag referendum.
Lighten up man. If it bothered you so much that he had a bit of fun instead of actually giving an answer you could have just given one yourself.
He's done this twice, at the Royal Society and when they counted votes. I can just say as someone that listens to a lot of podcasts though that you can tell when people are at the same mic. There's always more "mistakes" or other sounds one person makes while another is talking that just can't get edited out like you could with separate recordings.
Why?
He's not talking about switching to PCs from macs, he's just saying he would get one to play VR one. Nothing is being switched.
Why? Sitting in an office isn't some natural state for humans, a VR workspace is literally just a change of scenery. What's your worry here?
Maybe this is me, but I understood maybe 10% of the references and enjoyed the book fine. Who cares what the space suit or other stuff looks like exactly? I'll imagine it however I want, because that's how every sci fi or fantasy book works.
Thanks for taking the time to respond :)
[The Glitch Mob - Seven Nation Army Remix](https://youtu.be/-m7e7tCn7Bk)
I try to do something that will take my mind off of it (or keep me up until I'm so tired that even being creeped out can't keep me awake). I'd say the first option is a better one. Any favorite hobbies?
You can't listen to people like that.
Also what op posted and what this commenter are talking about are two separate animations. The one OP posted is correct, because the earth is not being led by the sun.
Well it should be, it's made by a pretty smart guy. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=IJhgZBn-LHg
OP did give credit in the comments
Here's the source video https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=IJhgZBn-LHg
I know you think this is the same thing as that wrong video from a while back, but it isn't it's done correctly. Here's the source video: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=IJhgZBn-LHg
