When can we read some afterreports? :)
Early versions of ToME4 looked a lot like Angband. But the UI and gameplay have both changed considerably since.
No way, even Byron wasn't as bad as that demon :( All out religious demonic force with terrible CGI flames? I'll take the singing Byron over that any day...
Lyta's development through Byron is interesting though. The telepaths weren't that interesting as a group, but seeing how the others interacted with them revealed a few new things. In particular Sheriden having to deal with troublesome rebels, and Lyta learning the truth of how warped and used she's been. If the Byron arc had been condensed and more thrown in about Lyta's resulting terrorism involvement I think it could have been far more gripping.
You need to calm down and step out of this thread. It's fine to dislike a game, but don't start attacking individuals.
If you go to Z'Ha'Dum, you will die... Sure lived up to its promise :)
Few dozen is fine for this sort of gathering. Do it! Get IRDC USA 2016 scheduled now!
A pretty good introductory article for anyone unfamiliar with roguelikes in general :)
Yay, a write-up! I'm glad the meet-up was a success, and it sounds like there's good appetite for more in future. In the past we've struggled to get anyone motivated to run this before, so big kudos to /u/heroicfisticuffs for kicking this all off! I was sorry to miss it, but it sounds like my name was invoked a good deal :-/ Poor local Nethack players must have been so confused... Hopefully next year's IRDC will get roughly scheduled soon. I can then try to convince my fiancée that we should have our honeymoon around the same time and place ;)
Well there was a push to maximise numbers on this to make best use of the space. If you're restricted on numbers then concentrate on getting key people instead.
Thanks! We've done both hunger clock and hero trap. What other tropes are you thinking about?
No corruption involved there - just 45 minutes of me talking to myself.
There were issues with the outtro recording, and a few people's submissions were too low quality to include, but overall it went fine :)
Welcome to the fun! The roguelike community is pretty awesome :D Just don't ask us about the definition of 'roguelike'... ;)
We had a procedural generation episode, but not one specifically on levels. To be honest it's not an easy thing to discuss in audio - you kinda want diagrams and code snippets to demonstrate points in depth. Jim's IRDC talk on level design in Dungeonmans is brilliant: http://www.twitch.tv/irdc_usa/c/6781057
It's most of what we received - a few we couldn't use due to audio issues. But in the scale of all YASDs ever, this is nowhere near representative of the total human suffering roguelikes have caused ;)
I'm not sure if I have much positive to say about either topic, but I'll see if I can get on people with different views ;)
Give Hoplite a go. It's a mobile game, quick to play, very tactical, has the core roguelike formula. I know very few people who haven't found it addictive :) From there try to branch into the bits you like the most or what you feeling is missing for a fuller experience.
Sad fact is the same is true about fantasy. Fantasy is utterly limitless, but it always ends up Tolkien spin-offs.
PRIME is like a sci-fi version of Nethack. Might want to check it out for inspiration. Does a lot of fun things - has corrupted floppy disks and so on. What I'd love to see is a cyberpunk roguelike :)
Heh, I couldn't guarantee, but I would try my best to attend.
And Babylon 5 ranks...?
Sorry, but this isn't the place for promotional posts, especially when it's not a traditional roguelike.
Not sure, but you may want to try /r/roguelites.
Woohoo! Keep us updated. One of the joys of this sub is hearing the "wow" posts from new viewers :)
Butt of the joke? This is a silly way to think of an xkcd strip. I took it to be an absurdist piece (think if it had been coffee instead) with maybe some reflection on people that do drink beer just to fit in (definitely happens).
I swear I've been on dozens of wine tasting and have been forced to drink the stuff at countless occasions. Screw this acquired taste malarky, and screw everyone trying to tell me that I just need to drink more. I just don't like wine! :P
Randall lives in the Boston area - I find it hard to believe he's not exposed to good beers. Option c) is that he just genuinely doesn't like beer, option d) is that he was making an absurd joke.
As someone much beyond college, when I mention that I don't drink I suddenly get long speeches about "oh, well *I* only drink on these days..." or some other guilt-ridden speech. I'm almost tempted to drink just to make them shut up :P
It has essentially been running on the Patreon model for years before Patreon existed.
Hoplite and Ending are both fantastic for a stripped-down roguelike experience. WazHack for something much heavier (ie. more "stuff" in it) but with a twist on the usual roguelike presentation. Cardinal Quest 2 for another detailed game with good variety.
Well, depends a little on what you're after! If it's mastery of a system, Brogue is calling for you. If you want many race/class options and a bit of a role playing experience ADOM is perfect. If you want something smaller and tighter but just as addictive then say hello to Hoplite. If you want something giant and messy then CataclysmDDA or DF:AM both could swallow you up. If you want something big but with streamlines and innovations in gameplay then check out ToME4.
I feel like this is beyond even the 7-year mark, into an 10+ year zone of "embarrassing to man and beast in both our languages".
There are two modes to it - the first is preset puzzles, the second is open procedural roguelike-ish levels. Give the latter a go, it's awesome!
There's a python + libtcod tutorial that's absolutely perfect for you. It includes lots of standard roguelike code and the tutorial hand holds you through the early process. Once you have a basic game together it's easy to then play with the different elements to turn it into whatever you like. You can find it here: http://www.roguebasin.com/index.php?title=Complete_Roguelike_Tutorial,_using_python%2Blibtcod
At the moment those sorts of posts are deleted. I only let LPers post a single ep from a series and only for traditional roguelikes (so not DF, though Adventure Mode gets a pass). Part of having a dedicated thread would mean letting people post new eps of ongoing series in that thread. At the moment there's no way to advertise new eps in the series without spamming the subreddit.
Yeah, that's pretty much what we do here now.
It would likely work a little better than there because we'd have regulars coming to post their LPs every week. Less need to constantly teach the rules to newcomers.
Other countries like Turkey have physically blocked the likes of Facebook for a lot less. Not that this is relevant - reddit haven't given any law-related reason for their actions, just their own community standards. The whole point of the xkcd linked at the top is that the rush to the law in these debates is absurd. If you're kicked out of a social place for doing something against the rules of that community and your only recourse is "yeah, but it's not illegal!" then that probably makes you more of a prick.
The banning reasons was for harassment, not free speech. Not that I care about the free speech element. There's no such thing as true free speech, and expecting that from a commercial organisation is in itself worthy of ridicule. Getting into a storm over not being able to tell fat jokes is downright hilarious.
But the downvote is used to mark content that is lacking in reasoning or smells of conspiracy nut.
You're saying a harassment policy is a bad thing? They've evolved their policies to deal with becoming a much bigger thing that when reddit started. As this happens you inevitably need new policies to keep in tow the most extreme elements. And you inevitably piss off a few people in the process...
It's interesting that you attack Pao for having ideologies when your real problem is that she doesn't follow your own extreme ideology. I don't really think ideology has much to do with this from the admins. They have rules, people broke those rules. If it was really ideology driven we'd see far far more than just 5 subreddits banned.
I love how "slippery slope" is used to attack everything. Banning FPH is a slippery slope to restricted speech and supporting racism! Allowing FPH is a slippery slope to all-out wars between subs! Ultimately saying something's a "slippery slope" is outright reducto ad absurdum - anything can be a slippery slope to anything else if you want it to support your internet argument.
Yeah, it is that extreme a view, because as you know illegality gets crazy hard to define in this situation. You can go full permissive or full totalitarian with it - many reddit subs are absolutely illegal in various countries. Reddit is a corp with a media interest to protect, so expecting them to only act in the most extreme illegal cases is not reasonable. But even beyond that, there are many dickish things in the world that aren't illegal - we shouldn't defend them just because they aren't outright illegal. The law doesn't exist to provide a moral code for social interactions - *we* decide that by what we say and do.
I see it as extreme because it's impractical for a social group. As a comparison, /u/soccer never did anything illegal or against reddit rules, but we all bloody well wanted rid of him. The essence of Western freedom of speech legislation means that the law only gets involved at the most extreme of cases. The law is almost worthless for any sort of social moderation, and using that for the only rule leads to... well, 4chan. To me this idealism of minimal administration is an impractical dream, especially on a site as big and as noted in the media as Reddit.
I don't think its been working entirely hunky-dory, and in particular I think online hate groups have become much more active and organised in the last year - Gamergate especially. Reddit don't want this place as home to organised harassment campaigns and I think that's quite sensible. Yishan Wong's statement seems to tie in reasonably well with what Reddit said yesterday - they're banning for actions, not opinions. Harassment of individuals is not a form of free speech. I don't entirely know what harassment went down (I've heard of many allusions to pics and doxxing of imgur employees, and pics of a trans teenager misused) but it seems clear they're not attacking ideologies, which is why so many horrendous subs still stand. I agree that it still seems inconsistent, and that Reddit admins have been poor at communicating their actions. Transparency is something they said they wanted to promote but aren't doing too well on so far.
Well, the harassing bit of Gamergate, as opposed to the general complaining bit or the serious about ethics bit, or whichever other bit :) And part of the problem here is that fatpeoplehate was being used innocently by many to make jokes about fat people. But some, including the mods, were misusing the sub terribly. The stories about attacking suicidal people sounded especially bad. In fact it's pretty awful that nothing has happened till now. Illegality is very messy in these situations!
At the moment it is moderated to be that way. The proposed change is to be more inclusive (including new episodes in a series) but restricted to a single thread.
Free only for the Roguelike of the Week feature. That way anyone can join in at no cost. And there are enough free roguelikes out there that don't get enough attention.
What you should have done is hit the report button and I would have noticed and removed it sooner :-)
If you pray whilst on good health with poison or sickness then the god will heal the ailment. So effectively pray twice in a row to save yourself from strong poison. Also if you keeping applying first aid after each poison spasm it helps you survive.
Every year a bunch of Seven Day Roguelikes are made (games made in 7 days) and the top bunch are always awesome short roguelikes. [PrincessRL](http://flend.net/princessrl/) and [Vicious Orcs](http://www.zincland.com/7drl/orcs/) are particular standouts, but check out the review listings for [2010](http://roguetemple.com/7drl/2010/), [2011](http://roguetemple.com/7drl/2011/), [2012](http://roguetemple.com/7drl/2012/), [2013](http://roguetemple.com/7drl/2013/), [2014](http://roguetemple.com/7drl/2014/) and [2015](http://roguetemple.com/7drl/2015/).
No information lately. ADOM has been quiet for a while - I'm guessing real life issues are getting in the way of the fiddly bug-fixing/polish that's needed. The CoQ devs have been busy releasing Sproggiwood on mobile (where it has been very well received, perhaps delaying Qud work.
Would you prefer another generic fantasy dungeon crawler? :P
Or a bit you could swear is "rough-ass art" and it's not till you're humming it one day that a friend informs you it's actually "love your heart". What I don't get with the song lyrics thing is that some people seem to magically know all the words and sing along easily, when the best I can do is "dum de doo-dooo dah-duh, rough-ass art duh-doo!"
I wonder if the "Seal Team Six" thing is actually a double-bluff. Everyone thinks There's just that unit, whilst the other 5 operate in secret. When people hear things about teams 1-5 they assume it's a deliberate navy hoax...
Ah! I thought it was Ivanova at first.
Don't blame everything on "feminazis". For a start it makes you sound like a dismissive chauvinist. I wrote all the breeding pits lore and came up with the design for the zone, and I was pretty upset when it was removed. But I understand some people had issues with it, particularly as it was implemented. At the time DarkGod and I tried doing some tweaks to make it work better in terms of both gameplay and setting, but there had been so much controversy already (especially with people who had never played it jumping in and complaining) that it didn't work out and DG cut it out instead. I hope it will make it bad in some modified form one day.
I have a tonne of other content in the game, so I don't mind too much. As a contributor one can't be too previous. Sometimes cuts are better for the game, and I certainly didn't want the breeding pits projecting a bad image of the game or putting off players.
Don't forget get Barrett date in HD!!
One of the issues with the dungeon is that it was intended as a very late game thing, after one has learned the full lore of the orcs. But gameplay wise the incentive was for people to do it first thing in the East, because of the effect on patrols and all the easy loot and xp. So new players were being told to go do that first, and without the context of the orc's history were presented with something horrific that seemed out of place with the rest of the game. I also think some of the language used is more accepted within some subcultures than in other communities internationally. Mentions of "distended vulvas" in particular seemed to gross people out! I think next time I'll introduce something with bulbous penises... ;) It's easy to be critical of people who are offended by something when not offended yourself. But their criticisms are still criticisms, and if people don't like the content then it may simply not fit. Getting defensive about it doesn't help anyone. If DarkGod wanted to reintroduce the zone I'd suggest only having it appear for people who have already won the game, or who have already collected all the orc history lore. With context (and a few gameplay tweaks to reduce the zone rewards) I think people would be more accepting of it. For the upcoming orcs expansion as far as I'm aware the breeding pits will still be canon, as well as the sacking of them by the evil adventurer from the West. The impending doom of genocide will be a significant factor in the plot for the orcs.
That might have affected things a bit. You didn't get introduced to the characters in the right way, you didn't see them grow as much over time. The characters are the heart of Babylon 5, and especially important is seeing the season 1 buffoonish Londo and rage-fuelled G'Kar change into the people they become later.
Oh, I'm very sorry - I mixed you up with the OP who said he hated the show!
Not enough Summer Glau. Though personally I thought Furiosa was cooler.
Haha, there's no worry about that here - you never actually encounter other players. Instead you see the changes players make to the world as they play themselves, and when they die you can come across their corpses. It leads to some really interesting scenarios. You come across some looted buildings, their windows smashed and cupboards raided, traces of fights nearby. You follow the trail and come across a bunker someone has built, but now it's overrun by zombies. You fight through the zombies and find a corpse, containing some nice weapons but no ammo. There's a story to be traced there of a previous player's conquest. It really fits the ghostly atmosphere of Cataclysm, because you only ever see traces of activity, never actual other players.
Shh, no one's meant to know about the tentacles! :-/
Banned.
There is a gradation here with some games falling on different parts of the random-procedural spectrum, but ultimately every instance of proc gen is "controlled randomisation". Binding of Isaac is pretty poor at this, being more random than procedural in my books, but Spelunky is actually incredibly clever and inventive in how it sews its levels together. From a design point of view it has a tonne of interesting lessons. Lots of traditional roguelikes, including Rogue and Nethack, have little in the way of interesting procedural generation. Rooms and corridors are laid about randomly, as are items and monsters. There is no part of the game concentrating on making interesting levels, it just mashes things together with a few constraints and hopes for the best. Which actually works great! It makes things unpredictable, it leads to bizarre and memorable situations. But if you want real procedural content creation check out something like [TraumaRL](http://flend.net/traumarl/index.html), with its graph-based level planning.
Well you have all the major boxes ticked there. Hell, there's decades of gameplay in those titles, why do you want anything more? :P My only recommendation might be [The Curious Expedition](http://www.curious-expedition.com/), with is an exploration-based roguelite with survival elements. Managing resources whilst exploring for treasure / trying not to go insane is very fun. Doesn't have traditional roguelike combat and interactions though.
Reminds me of a nightmare I had once were I was turned into a newborn baby, but couldn't control my vocal cords or limbs properly in the weak baby body, and my thoughts and memories all started fading away from my undeveloped brain, whilst all I could do was cry and cry and cry... When I woke up from that dream I didn't want to open my eyes in fear that it was true :-/
A little request - put some more details of what the site is and does on the main page, so that anyone stumbling on it knows what's there. It just needs a line or two to give some context.
Having spoken to the developers in person about this precise subject, they're actually attempting exactly the opposite. They've deliberately included lesser known historical women and people of colour to try and repaint that era from the usual told history of white men doing everything.
You don't see all the crap I have to delete in the background! A lot of amateur let's players want to post their Spelunky or Isaac vids here, without engaging with the community or being a part of the subreddit. Rule 2 helps me keep discussion more relevant here. I've started up YouTube Tuesdays to give a legitimate outlet to this content without having the front page spammed to hell.
It's more a matter of quantity. Roguelike-likes tend to be commercial and much more successful / well-known than traditional roguelikes. This means more people are doing LPs of them, and there are more financial incentives going round. Anyone doing a traditional roguelike LP on the other hand is clearly doing it out of passion. So we had the problem here of people posting numerous LP links, and usually they were people with zero post history here and zero connection to the community. It was spam essentially. I don't have the time to check every post to identify spam so I made rule 2 as an easy way to filter things while still being transparent. Of course it does mean some good content gets blocked, which is why I started the weekly LP round-up thread. Anyone motivated to post there must be part of the community :) Whether it works out or not remains to be seen!
I'm afraid I have to remove this post for violating rediquette and rule 2 in the sidebar. For this to be your only post in this subreddit is quite against the community-based spirit of Reddit. I've added /r/baronygame to the sidebar list of other subreddits. I'll also have a think of how to allow more promotion of releases here, maybe with a monthly release round-up.
I think the sections where people could vote for multiple options would be better represented with bar charts. Otherwise, good job!
That's a tricky question because you then have to consider what does or doesn't fit the bill. It's not something that can be easily enforced.
Ah, good point! I'll think about how best to phrase this.
7DRLs I'm not counting for that question, as many are easy to beat and many meander from the traditional path. Some people don't count 7DRLs as traditional at all due to lower scope. But yeah, that question should maybe be "a big traditional roguelike". The point is to see how people fit on the spectrum of play experience, though the simple "number of years" can indicate that too.
Should this be added to the Rules as a rule 0? I know "be civil" should go without saying, but having it in the rules can help with enforcing moderation. It also helps remind people that they can report such posts (often toxic comments in minor threads go unseen by mods). A few months ago I added "Be nice" as rule 1 on /r/roguelikes and it's helped a lot with moderation and justifying actions.
Zero G hot tubs are the best :)
The curmudgeonly people aren't the type to go to these events :) Plus I think many people are nicer in person than they are online...
I can imagine zero g water torture being even worse!
Up to your opinion when filling in the poll!
Ah, yes, haha - a hard thing to communicate :) Complexity and emergent complexity are both in my feature list, possibly badly worded there as well. The question on "which features do you enjoy" I'm hoping will show a bit of the player preference you're talking about.
I think 1-5 is about right for people to make snap decisions. The stats all get aggregated anyway, so I don't think 1-10 helps and makes it a little trickier to answer. I'll have a think about how to approach the "current play" thing :)
Excellent points, thanks!
Your opinion still counts :P And there is an almost won option - level 26 of Brogue definitely counts!
The term has been around since Spelunky. I think it started as a bit of a joke :) If you think that word is ridiculous then never learn to speak German!
Hey, please don't post every video here. We have a video round-up thread on Tuesdays where you can list all your vids of the week.
That's a perfect question :)
Well I think these questions are more directed at me than the panel of devs, so I'll answer them here instead if that's okay :) Starting from July Mark Johnson and I will be having weekly Skype calls to record Roguelike Radio episodes. The intention is to get different guests on for different topics, and to build up a set of regulars we can call on who are able to talk about a variety of topics (DarkGod, Jim Shepard, Tanya Short and Kawa are all prime people at the mo). We also have an audio wizard regularly editing our episodes now, and a few others I can hit up for editing help when he's busy. The big problem over the last while is that it's essentially just been me doing everything. Me picking topics, me getting guests on, me hosting and recording, me editing, me doing the blog posts and promotion of new episodes. It started off me and Andrew, and as Andrew dropped off a bit due to parental responsibilities it ended up me and Eben or me and Kawa a lot of the time. Having others there as co-hosts at least pushed for things to happen. Unfortunately both Eben and Kawa have also become too busy in life to keep up their activity, and in the past year I've become particularly busy myself. Hopefully a new schedule, with every Tuesday earmarked, will focus more production. Hopefully others can step up to the plate when I'm not around and organise topics I don't have much interest in! Roguelike Radio is far too much "the Darren show" at the moment :P In particular a lot of new games don't get covered because I have no time to get into them. John Harris would be great to have on more, but he himself has said he doesn't like taking part in panel-type shows as he ends up listening to others chat instead of talking. Also I think he's not been playing many roguelikes in a while - I'm hoping with his revived @Play activity he will do a little catching up and want to talk about things more! Let's Plays effects... Well they definitely help with picking out people to join the show when talking about a new roguelike. We've come under heavy criticism in the past for only doing shallow analysis of roguelikes, because quite frankly you need to play a game a lot to really appreciate it. With Let's Plays we can more easily find people with experience at the game that also have good voices and audio equipment :) However we never really reviewed games, or at least never intended to - it was all about analysing the design. To that extent I would always try to do some in-depth background research on games before a show. Let's Plays don't help much in terms of research, as watching a game being played is very different from playing yourself or reading a detailed player report. The "feel" of play is so different from what simply happens on screen! I have no info on demographics beyond the traffic analysis to the web-site, which due to the prevalence of bots and crawlers I simply don't trust. I can publish this info some time if people are interested. On a wider note I am always surprised when I meet people at indie dev events that have listened to the podcast - it is held in some esteem as a rare design-focused podcast, even in non-roguelike circles. I'm always open to others who want to join the show, especially if they can schedule together an episode themselves. I spend a lot of fruitless time trying to chase people for dates/times :-/
General concept. I included it for its gameplay effects :)
Yes, there's some grey areas here, it's hard to be perfect. But there is, I think, a meaningful difference between games where permadeath is clearly expected and those where it's optional or where persistency after death weakens the effect of permadeath. Certainly the voting so far has shown a meaningful difference, with strict permadeath seen by many as necessary for a roguelike but not so necessary for a roguelite.
If you don't know then don't let it affect your voting! Procedural content is more structured than just random content. At the extreme end the game acts as an AI level designer. Whilst random lays things out without real care for the player experience, but still provides variety between replays. Binding of Isaac for instance has predesigned rooms and just lays them out randomly when you enter them. In early versions at least it was possible to start the game surrounded by locked doors - the game never checked if the pathing worked. Contrast with Spelunky which uses customisable pre-fab sections that get plugged together whilst ensuring connectivity. It's level making is really excellent. TraumaRL goes even further by having structured enemy and item placement and nested key requirements down branching dungeon levels.
Ooh, I wouldn't define it quite like that :) Procedural is when the structure is designed by the computer using rules, not something pre-designed picked out at random.
There's too much variety here to go into with a simple poll. Is ToME's lives system anti-permadeath? What about games like PrincessRL where losing in combat costs you time/development resource instead of ending the game, yet it still has permaconsequence? And is an unlock system after death as bad as Rogue Legacy's progression *through* death? By including the strict/optional division we can at least see what number of players care about these sorts of distinctions in general.
I think any game feature can be done bad or well :) Hunger is one of the worst for this though, as it's very important yet often screwed up.
Yeah, that's an easy way of putting it! Procedural = random + design.
Yeah, that's maybe not clear enough. Essentially it's referring to the traditional roguelike focus on gameplay over story, graphics, sound, etc. Doesn't mean exclusivity, just means that the mechanics come first. Perhaps we should have had more of an argument over the definition of the definition elements... ;)
Hmm, point taken! We'll go through a deconstruction process after the results so this can be refined in future.
It is worth noting that many traditional roguelikes deliberately do not prevent save-scumming, even though they could easily take more steps to stop it. When I was getting into ADOM savescumming to learn the ropes was accepted as something many players do - just don't share a YAVP after it :) These days modern roguelikes have put in different death-softening features to help accommodate new players. Some traditional roguelike players get huffy about this whilst ignoring the fact that they save-scummed when they started out... There's a whole interesting discussion on design and accessibility to be had here. For the purposes of the poll a check-box has to do.
In a way yes, but for new players it has the same effect of softening the introduction to the game. Essentially modern designers have taken one aspect of save-scumming and formally integrated it to make the game more accessible. Whether or not that's to the detriment of the game itself is up for debate.
I would interpret narrative-orientated gameplay as still being gameplay focus as long as the narrative stems from the game mechanics (Dwarf Fortress or King of Dragon's Pass are good examples). Where the narrative is developed *at the expense of* gameplay is when the focus is lost. Unskippable cut-scenes for instance :)
Got over 120 results so far. One guy has been playing for over 25 years and never won a classic roguelike :(
I meant apathy actually :) And yeah, a few have claimed tick-fatigue! Though I'm shocked that well over 100 went through the trouble of completing the whole poll. Roguelikers are a tenacious bunch, I guess ;)
Yeah, on reflection I think "mechanics" would have been a better term for the poll.
It's more that the general developer approach is to pay attention to things like that.
Deleting - please read rule 2 on the sidebar. We have a Let's Play round-up on Tuesdays, you can post your vid in that thread when it's up.
In most of my games NPCs have specific patterns rather than complex AIs. Often this means approaching the player and performing a special action every x turns, or approaching the player but with an individual movement pattern. With a bunch of different units around it's easy for this to quickly become an interesting system for the player. It's all deterministic, so players can predict ahead of time and plan moves instead of having to second guess complex AI algorithms. The one roguelike I didn't do this in, Gruesome, just has random AI movement, some with slightly different weightings dependant on the unit's colour. I've seen interesting discussion from players on how the AI is super-smart and tries to keep in safe areas. It's all false, but humans are great pattern spotters :) This taught me that there's no point spending time on complex AI - humans don't notice it well and will imagine that stupid AI is complex anyway :P Some behaviours that work quite well: - Maintaining a certain distance range. For ranged attack monsters / summoners / support units. Give it a minimum and maximum distance to stay from the player and actions to perform whilst in that range. This is intuitive for the player to understanding and suitably challenging to overcome. - Pack tactics. Unit stays a minimum of 2 tiles from the player unless there are 4 units within a radius 3 of the player. This leads to very clever feeling units that will stick close to the player and then all pounce in together. Works best in open area maps. - Hit and run pack. Kinda evil this, but it's nice... Enemies stay ranged, and once they have minimum pack numbers they charge in. Once they make an attack they switch back to ranged. Combine it with strictly ranged healing enemies for added fun :) - Multiplying next to player. Sounds simple, but it's nicely effective. Traditional worms split when away from you, or when hit. Restrict it instead to multiplying only when next to the player and only multiplying into adjacent spaces and it can be a threatening unit that can still be carefully managed. - Stealth enemies invisible except when adjacent. Leads to fun when you know an enemy's near and you want to just corner it so you can be next to it and hit it easily. For AI pathing I like to use a scent map (add scent-1 to each player adjacent tile, and scent-(range) to each adjacent to that, etc). This lets me give modifiers to terrain to encourage certain behaviour more, like avoiding walls (or sticking to walls if I want). In Toby the Trapper I did this and had the scent slowly fade, which meant that standing in an area for a while would make a scent hotspot that enemies would gravitate to instead of chasing you. Helped as part of the whole laying traps gameplay. On the subject of AI, anyone who hasn't played Jeff Lait's [Smart Kobold](http://www.zincland.com/7drl/kobold/) really must go check it out!
Counts as a victory, yes :) Most people who have won Nethack did so with spoiler support.
Yes, but I think that shows how there's little logic to how the games are grouped. It's more a cultural/historical thing than dependant on the game features.
I can't help you out, but I'd love to see you stick a recording up on Youtube or something :D
The generic setting comes straight from D&amp;D, and much of it is to do with a lack of emphasis on setting. Roguelikes are traditionally gameplay focused - the story isn't very relevant. Leaning on fantasy tropes is very easy to get players involved. Everyone knows what orcs and dragons do, so you don't have to waste time explaining many of the mechanics. From a design perspective it means minimum effort in finding resources to include - just pick all the best stuff from D&amp;D or other RPGs. I personally like a bit more depth, and especially when a game has a bit of story I like it to be both original and believable. ADOM is interesting with its corruption system and general hints of a longer history. ToME's detailed factions history are also very compelling to me, especially the morally grey areas the player must tread (but then I did write much of that myself...) I don't think there's anything about roguelikes that excludes them from being gritty, and even think they might suit it well with the constant death. However a tongue-in-cheek approach to death is also very effective, and helps takes some of the emotional sting out of the experience.
Nice list! You're missing WazHack and Ending though :)
The closest experience available that I'd recommend would be WazHack (it doesn't look traditional, but it plays very roguelike - you'll enjoy it) and Cardinal Quest 2. Hoplite is my mobile favourite, but it's more stripped down gameplay.
Hah, very nice situation! I never would have thought of using paralysis like that :) Well done on the victory. I've still yet to win myself :-/
The highlights for me were Jeff's (he does more than Berlin-bash) and then Jim and Brett's for their procgen discussion.
Awesome, great to hear you finally made it! Perhaps this will be the start of a new golden era for Angband :)
If I scorn all poor journalism I'll have no time left in my day ;) The article does show that there is a niche not being served. We in the board games clique are well aware of how great these games are and what potential they have, but no one is telling parents that this might be something to look into with their kids. The best we've had so far was Tabletop's kids episode.
Laser raptors in space?! :D :D :D
Hah! Perfect :-D
I consider games flawed on the AP front when they make otherwise normal players start going all AP. Certainly some individuals are to blame for their own actions, but some games are worse for it too. I liken it to the "phones out" problem. Some players are just shitheads that should learn to put their damned phone away for 5 fecking seconds. But some games are just bad for having big gaps between turns and making other players' actions not relevant to your own. Designers can (and do) craft their games to avoid this. Analysis paralysis is something designers can be aware of and can take steps to prevent. Purely lumping the blame on players prevents games from getting better design.
Is it going to be magical ponies? I hope it's magical ponies...
Not enough explosions. ASCII wins :P
The timing system is really messed up though. If you go too fast you end up out of synch with the rest of the game!
Aw, shucks - very kind of you :) We do this out of love for the games and the community, so it's really great to hear that it's appreciated and has a positive impact on people. Let us know if you have any requests :)
"Free to play" in this context generally means micro-transaction based play. Plus if one wants to play it on Steam (where this tag is) then one will have to play. I strongly suggest removing that tag - it actually has negative connotations that might put people off the game.
Yeah, he was on a lot of early episodes! I think the last ep he was on was the interview with Tarn Adams.
Yeah, Andrew is the one who started it all! And as a special treat he's actually going to be in London in a few days, so he and I can do a live recording for the first time ever :)
"Merry’s sword had stabbed him from behind, shearing through the black mantle, and passing up beneath the hauberk had pierced the sinew behind his mighty knee." - The Return of the King, chapter 6, Battle of the Pelennor Fields. What sinew is there without a physical body?
&gt; Only the blades of westernesse which were made to fight them could harm them. Where does it say that? Eowyn did not use such a blade to deliver the killing blow to the Witch-King.
I think it would have done as Gollum did, hide in its own dark corner of the earth. This was a Balrog that clearly had little desire to interact with the world. Moria would have become an even more fearsome place, but the Balrog would not step beyond its bounds.
Are you in London? Because I do indeed arrange London rogueliker meet ups at times, especially after the 7DRL week.
Don't deprive me of my lovely placebo orange juice :(
You should be careful not to abuse his powers :-/
I'll be there! We should arrange a roguelike dev trip to the Catacombs :)
Encourage Andrew Doull to hold one in Australia - would be a little more accessible for you :)
The only support I can imagine for that would be the fact that Sauron set up the cult of Melkor worship in Numenor, meaning he hadn't fully forgotten about his former master. But I don't remember anything stating this was his real aim. Everything he did in Numenor was pure manipulation. He only wanted the Numenorians to assail Valinor so that they would suffer the Valar's wrath. I seem to remember another text (one of the letters?) saying that Sauron was different from Melkor in that Sauron wanted to rule over the people of Middle-Earth whilst Melkor wanted to destroy them. I think Sauron would have been content with establishing himself as lord and ruler of the world.
The lobsters would have had a moment of hope, a brief glimpse of salvation before they sank into the abyss.
Well last year we had 2, so 2 continents were covered. Bit of an improvement over Europe-only :) I think going beyond that gets hard, but there's nothing wrong with having more roguelike-centric meetups. I hold some in London each year just for the locals. The key thing is to move locations each year and host the event somewhere accessible. As the event moves around there's a greater chance of more people being able to take part. The US event also had streaming last year, which I think would be great to encourage more of in future years. It helps people get involved at least. We could also arrange streamed talks from international developers at the conferences, though time zones would have to fit.
Mostly very high ceilings, so even a lanklegs like you will be fine :)
I disagree due to the references of invisible sinews in the text. Also their bodies fill out their cloaks, hold swords and in the case of the Witch-King supports a crown. They are described as sniffing, they speak, they are supported by horses and winged beasts, they break down doors, they throw darts, and so on. They have a huge range of physical interactions with the world which are not in any way perceived to be spiritual or magical. They do not move or act as non-corporeal spirits at any point. I don't think of Sauron's domination of the Nine in the same way you do either - the Witch-King had his own little Empire going on for a while without Sauron's direct dominance. There is a degree of independence going on there. That the ringwraiths are more than just invisible men is abundantly clear. There is a strong spiritual component to them. They don't need to eat any more. They have become faded from the world to a degree. A big part of the problem here is Gandalf's descriptions of them, especially early in the book. I think to a certain extent he is simplifying matters for the hobbits he is talking to. Or perhaps even Tolkien's ideas about them changed in the writing. In any case I would urge you to trust the voice of the narrator over spoken dialogue when it comes to matters like this.
An announcement will be made later today :)
I generally think pride is the big thing here, as this is a theme across much of Tolkien's work. In particular the idea of debasing himself in front of Manwe in front of all the Valar would have been too much for Sauron to bear.
There are roguelike devs in Australia. No reason to have only one conference.
You should generally fight on Defensive or Very Aggressive, as they don't interfere with weapon skills training. Use Coward at all other times.
It is good, isn't it :) I love the sadness in the Silmarillion. The sense of overwhelming woe at points is beautiful. I'll never forget the image of Hurin fighting on a mound of corpses, shouting with each swing, "The day will come again!" until the sun sets and he is overwhelmed. Feanor was such a wonderful character for how terrible he was. He was so skilled, so charismatic, so passionate, and yet so prideful. I think it's wonderful how you can read the departure of the Noldor and understand completely that what they're doing is wrong, yet still feel moved by his speech. If I were there I would no doubt be cheering him on and marching after him, much though I would regret it after.
Is your line by line comparison available to look at somewhere? That would be really fascinating to analyse.
&gt; It belatedly strikes me that I've seen very few Tolkien discussion forums where the strict "don't rely on Silm" standard that I've referred to here actually held sway. I find it pretty well holds sway here, especially when topics like the source of orcs comes up. The only reason your statement has generated controversy is because your wording was very strong, when the truth is the Silmarillion mostly fits in extremely well with Tolkien's vision. It shouldn't be treated as the last word for the purposes of canon, but for overarching vision it absolutely succeeds.
I'm a British person in Britain and my British English spell checker only recognises Judgement.
Then someone Googles "Skynet rule 34" and war breaks out.
What sacrilege upon a most holy domain :(
Thanks, updated :)
Must surely be SteamBand : http://angband.oook.cz/steamband/steamband.html Fits most of what you say, including ability to play as a djinn.
Yeah, all right then :)
I'll have a look into how to use AutoModerator :-/
Oh man, those photos make me hugely self-concious. Can you imagine someone taking photos of you at every awkward moment?
Well I guess the article was written up a couple of days ago, explaining the £20k increase in price.
The details towards the end of the Silmarillion are all really loose, unfortunately. Tolkien wrote some details of the War of Wrath very early on, but they were very incompatible with later writings. I don't think Elrond/Elros existed in his mind at that stage anyway. When it came to his many many rewrites he always struggled to get to the end of a story, even a substory like Beren and Luthien. So, no real detail unfortunately. We can only make broad assumptions based on how important he was by lineage.
Is there a reference I'm missing? :-/
Real time strategy? 4X games? Roguelikes st least have distinguishable characters, which is a base requirement for sexy time. The problem with roguelikes is they involve so much conflict and death, which means not nice sexy time.
I guess if I played more non-roguelike games it might have made sense ;)
Yeah, wtf? I'm getting pretty annoyed by this :-/ We can tweak our AutoModerator settings more but we really shouldn't have to.
Actually many roguelikes are very simulationist. They don't physically model real life things, but their mechanics are all representative of real things. We have hunger and bleeding and various weapon types and so on. The big reason so many roguelikes have randomness though is that they're based on D&amp;D, which has dice-rolling behind all of its mechanics. Roguelikes simply parroted these mechanics, in some cases outright ripping the same dice rolls (1d8 for sword damage, etc).
Then she wants to use extra squids.
The list of works of art that have stuck in the public conciousness for 1000 years is very very few. Of course that's partly due to the lack of permanent media - much more from the modern age should survive to the future. I'm not that bothered myself, but this is far from the first time we've seen Frontier petitioned to include some cultural icon that resonates particularly with Elite's audience. And it's always a knee-jerk thing on death - if we were to bring up this topic in a year's time people would on the whole be a lot more ambivalent. Personally I'd much rather Frontier put work into inventing their own celebrities and detail to the universe than celebrate what should be long dead and forgotten ones.
&gt; For instance the composer Guillaume Du Fay is still known and he was composing music around 700 years ago TIL! And yes, you make a convincing point. At a rate of 3-5 a year it's not so bad.
If the orcs were disparate across Moria then it would have taken a fair bit of communication to gather a decent company of them together to ambush the Fellowship.
Well in many spider species the males don't come out of sex too great.
You saw.... nothing...
No PR is bad PR! We'll be all over the news if someone dies trying to make a roguelike :D
No one dedicates seven days! You do it in whatever free time you can scrounge around, with a bit extra at weekends. Sometimes I only manage about 20 hours over the whole week. Some people do much less. If you get started with the [libtcod + python tutorial](http://www.roguebasin.com/index.php?title=Complete_Roguelike_Tutorial,_using_python%2Blibtcod) you can have something really basic in just a few hours, leaving plenty of time to personalise and polish things up. You can do it! I believe in youuuuuu! :D
Working on is no good. 7DRL is about actually finishing a game :)
Does Total Biscuit play roguelikes? I'm pretty sure he's entirely ignorant of our scene. Only roguelike I've seen him cover is Dredmor.
All of us have real life to deal with and days in which we have other commitments and can't code. Just make sure you have a sensible scope for your project.
This is hardly a new discussion... and TotalBiscuit seems rather out of sync with many of the wider details. In particular he seems completely unaware that roguelikes are still being developed and played in many forms. The term "roguelike" is used too loosely, mostly by players and media that don't know the genre. Developers usually use a phrase like "with roguelike elements" because most of them do have a good understanding of what it means. Personally I'm happy with roguelike having a dual definition - one for the genre (what most of us here care about), and one for a class of mechanics. There is thus a difference between a roguelike game and a roguelike platformer. We already have this dual definition with other words - consider "puzzle" for example. No one gets annoyed that Braid isn't strictly part of the puzzle genre, and people use the word puzzle to mean different things in different contexts.
Is there a good sub where balanced discussion of the news takes place? I don't mind the racist discussion so much - it's an insight into what many people are thinking - but the balance of articles is always so off-kilter.
It's clearly playing with game design elements popularised by Spelunky though. I don't think "roguelite" is really such a harmful term in this case, especially if you consider the term "roguelite" to mean something fairly distant from the core roguelike genre. It's possible to dislike a game that uses roguelike elements for how it uses them without outright discrediting that it has roguelike elements. Nethack has a shitty food clock for instance, and a lot of cheap deaths that are bad roguelike design. Many roguelites like Diablo or Binding of Isaac have pretty crappy randomised levels. They're still *trying* to use roguelike elements, but doing it badly.
Well be glad they didn't go ahead with Arwen doing somersault sword-fighting in Helm's Deep... I don't think the Arwen/Glorfindel switch is that bad though. This is *Arwen* after all, descendant of Beren and Luthien, with the blood of the Maiar in her. Damn right the Ringwraiths should be afraid of her! It would have been awesome to include Glorfindel, but if they're going to switch in anyone then Arwen makes a lot of sense, especially with her links to Aragorn.
I don't believe he did take away their mortality, he just stretched it out. If a ringwraith is slain then they die like normal men, their spirits passing beyond the world.
Nice of you to do the research there! I hadn't heard of most of these, and many do indeed look like crap. I will point out that 2 of them don't seem to use the word roguelike though, and 2 of them say "action roguelike" which to me is synonymous with "action RPG" - you know what you're getting there. Several them also describe themselves as "first person roguelikes" or "roguelike FPSes", which I think is becoming it's own separate thing these days - again, there's no doubt from the description that this is not a traditional roguelike by any means. That leaves 4 which are straight up calling themselves roguelikes. And they're not exactly well-known games - all of the top "roguelites" avoid the direct term. That is still 4 games that we agree are problematic, of course. But the big problem by far is how many games you went through tagged "roguelike" that aren't called that by their developers. The tag system on Steam is completely useless for genre enthusiasts. I can't help but think RPG and FPS fans rail against similar issues. Kickstarter is a different matter, because running a successful Kickstarter seems to involve being an over-promising jerk that shoves every keyword they can into their campaign to get people's attention. Alas for money-grabbing marketing :(
Somewhere here once gave a quote from Tolkien I found really interesting - he said he fully understood that in a movie adaptation the long fight scenes like Helm's Deep would have to be completely cut as they didn't add anything to the story. How the fans would have wailed at that! The light of the trees stuff makes a lot of logical sense for us Sil-fans, but in the context of the movie it's fairly irrelevant. Indeed, it was irrelevant in the time of Tolkien too, since few had ever heard of Valinor. For the purposes of the story what matters is a elven figure of immense nobility appears, and the ringwraiths are cowed by this. I don't attribute this to any martial power myself. Glorfindel did not need a sword to repel them, and neither would Arwen in my opinion. The ringwraiths cannot stand easily before the purity of Arwen Undómiel, who bore the likeness of Luthien Tinuviel, fairest of all creatures to walk on Middle-Earth. What power could such shadows have before her? There were other changes in the movie that went against the spirit of the books which annoyed me far far more, not least of which Arwen behaving like a moody teenager with her dad.
The "Legacy" is in the name though, so I get the impression this was their design goal from the start. It may be that they were hoping to start a whole series of "legacy" games employing similar mechanics, a bit like what's happening in board games now.
Haha, anyone who spells it "rogue-like" is a clear faker ;) I'm not really into FPSes, but I imagine an FPS done in a roguelike style (procedural + permadeath) would be a very different thing. Maybe it needs a better term than FPS roguelike, but I can understand that genre fusion being of interest to people. I see it the same as "roguelike platformer" myself. Or, from a different perspective, "FPS puzzle game" - you know that's not going to be part of the traditional puzzle genre, and you know it's not a normal FPS either. As for a *true* turn-based first person roguelike, well you can use Zeno's Necklace of the Eye to play a lot of classic roguelikes in that way. There have also been a bunch of 7DRLs that have done that, but many of them have been fairly bland. The only one I'd recommend is Rogue's Eye by Paul Jeffries - his site seems to be down at the mo, but I've uploaded it here: http://gamesofgrey.com/games/Rogues-Eye.jar It's not a big game, but it's done well and has a lot of traditional roguelike mechanics.
Yeah, I completely agree - the over-emphasis on fight scenes in the movie was perhaps the thing that annoyed me most. At the core of the Lord of the Rings (and the Silmarillion to an extent) is that in the end it is not through force of arms that evil is defeated.
I once made a basic roguelike in 1 hour! It wasn't very interesting, mind. The shortest time in which I've made a vaguely interesting game was 4 hours (a stealth roguelike called sick peter). The T-Engine helps, as it comes with so many pre-written algorithms.
You need to play Mage Knight :)
Absolutely not. I have used the T-Engine for many games, which includes a lot of pre-made algorithms. The challenge is mostly around designing mechanics and creating a polished game.
The tag system on steam is independent of developers (users do the tagging) and is quite frankly a load of balls. The tags should not be used by anyone looking to divide things by genres. As for including "roguelike" in the name, how many do that? The "Rogue Shooter" one is obviously just trying to get attention for itself - it's not like it's the only FPS in town with procedural generation. Some game use "Rogue", but few of those actually call themselves roguelikes (Rogue Legacy specifically names itself "roguelite"). The term has become diluted in the wider gaming community, and in the media. I'm hoping "roguelite" becomes picked up more, and RPS at least have started using this more instead of calling everything a roguelike. Overall though I'm not that fussed about what mainstream gamers think of our little niche, especially if some of these roguelikes draw people in to get hooked on the real stuff. Whilst the term may be diluted there is also a very noticeable resurgence in the core games of the genre. Whatever terminology people want to bandy about, core roguelikes are doing better than they have done in 20 years.
Not Suitable For Wildfowl.
&gt; This is one of the big reasons why I personally haven't made up my mind as to whether the dilution of the term roguelike is good or bad for the genre. Well there's a bit of cause and effect difference. Is the term diluted because the genre has revived or has the genre revived because the term has become more widespread. I think it's a bit of both, and there's obviously both good and bad. On the whole I think it's good, because we have cool new games to play, and that's more important than getting annoyed with people on the internet. If I wasn't getting annoyed with people misusing the term roguelike I'm sure there's something else I'd be getting annoyed at instead ;)
Yeah, so it's totally fine for songbirds. Just don't show this to wildfowl - it's just not suitable.
If you ever listen to Derek Yu in interviews he tries his best to avoid calling Spelunky a roguelike.
In the politics of the time men were definitely the inferior race though. The Edain served the Eldar, not the other way around.
One thing that comes to mind is that to win the heart of a more noble person you need to prove yourself with great deeds. No normal human would be accepted trying to court an elf. Beren, Turin, Aragorn and Tuor all were renowned for their great deeds and noble lineage. In Tolkien's fiction there is, alas, not much scope for women to achieve great deeds, especially in the first age. It's harder for human women to stand out enough to gain any elf's attention. Nienna might have had a chance, mind. But other stuff happened there... :-/
"Roguelike games are increasing in sales whilst roguelites are increasing in numbers" - shows where the quality lies ;)
Some of the greatest deeds, yes. But that is one of few examples. And the records of human women is even fewer.
I personally think Tolkien became a little more progressive with his representation of women as he got older. Not that he was anti-women or anything before, but over time he put more effort into actively including them more.
