[Relevant cracked](http://www.cracked.com/article_19940_5-myths-you-probably-believe-about-famous-landmarks.html)
Too many fan theories boil down to "It was all in his mind".
Carry a gun; it's much more effective than pepper spray.
You shouldn't conceal a gun in your purse, and one can easily carry concealed without any pockets.
[Alternate Link](http://x-incest.com/stories/considerateparents.html)
Go on...
I always use my elbow when striking a wall, much less chance of injury.
He kicked the Sandman's ass in that underground sewer scene.
Someone didn't follow rules 1 &amp; 2
It's people like him who soil the good reputation of Bondage Discipline Sadism and Masochism.
What if my future self is just as single as my current self?
Fine, I guess I'll bite the bullet and nail Khloe Kardashian...
Last year I took a few days off work because my grandmother really was in the hospital. Pretty sure my boss thinks i was BS-ing him.
"Do as you're told and you'll live" doesn't really sit well with us Yankees.
Fair enough. Most of my first dates are with girls I barely know.
Wow, you just made this 29 yr old feel very unaccomplished.
Catelina from Space Cases.
They said I could be anything, so I became a turtle.
How else can we get our PDA on?
Go on...
Come at me bro! I watch UFC all the time!
Congrats on your weight loss, though I think both photos are very pretty!
If you ain't cheatin' you ain't tryin'
This has gone over my head as well.
She has another man inside her. I guarantee it.
The principle of stealing?
That's just something guys tell themselves when they're not charming enough to get laid on the first date.
He's still around. Just isn't involved in any episode plots.
Hard to believe all it takes to puncture your tank is a gravel road and a heavy foot.
You need to put this on r/aww ASAP!
Monique. Her characters in Domino and Precious:Based on the Novel Push by Sapphire have caused me to automatically hate her.
When you want to pop your neck/back/knee, but it won't pop!
If you enter the room I'm in and turn on more lights, you'd better turn them off when you leave!
I take my shirt off when shitting, just in case.
The ability to each junk food, never exercise, and still be in shape.
The problem though is that if I follow the proper channels then my resume will end up in a pile with a hundred other ones, assuming it isn't filtered out by Taleo.
[Source](http://www.fux.com/video/187425)
Goals vs Habits is also the central thesis of Scott Adams' self help book *How to Fail at Almost Everything and Still Win Big* I've read it several times and loved it.
My jaw literally dropped.
Cabin in the Woods
Sidequel or Midquel
Good Lawd! They've never looked that big before!
Isn't oil simply storing the sun's energy?
We're still talking about clubbing, right?
My last name rhymes with a certain mexican food, and a popular corn chip. The amount of nickels I'd get from hearing people make fun of the similarity would net far more than $73
Serious question: could I start selling stripped machine gun receivers as decorative paperweights? To what extent can one skirt the law in this manner?
They're not assholes towards the people who can harm them financially.
One of the ILM guys specifically says they went out of their way to make sure the thumbs up didn't resemble a certain other gesture. [link](http://www.mtv.com/news/2727582/bb-8-thumbs-up-star-wars/)
I wouldn't consider "cutie" to be a pet name.
When a girl wears tit curtains, those loose shirts that just sort of hang off the boobs, kinda like a bedsheet on a clothesline.
Oops, I didn't even notice. How embarrassing!
And for him it's just another day at the office.
The search bar
Crazy how (at the time) Furious 7 set a new record for fastest to $1 billion.
Such piercing eyes!
I want one.
You may have your cause and effect mixed up. They carry purses because their clothes don't have usable pockets.
This is a good reminder for me to never let myself be alone with a child.
I've been trying to replicate the Tobey Maguire Spider-Man look, as seen [here](http://i.imgur.com/Fc6gZzP.png)
This should be a confession bear.
At university I met a guy who asked if I was interested in making extra money; 2 days later I was at an Amway presentation. Last year my MMA coach tried to recruit me for a coffee sales pyramid scheme.
I think OP is talking about #1 all time, not #1 of the year.
That whole family was hot. You had Mimi Rogers, Heather Graham, and Lacey C!
Shareholders care more about the next quarter, and less about long term profitability.
Only if some stupid tree huggers decide to "liberate" those monkeys.
The problem is that for every Chris Pratt, there are 100 other people who also worked their ass off and never succeeded.
As I recall, the bug planet orbited near an astriod belt, and its gravity occasionally disturbed the astriod's orbits and nudged them towards earth.
I know what I'm doing next time I go to the dentist!
Hit it and quit it.
I limited myself to a degree with good economic value. Years later I still haven't reaped the financial rewards.
I'm guessing you learned this from experience.
I don't notice any balding, and I'd kill to have that much hair again.
I'm fairly certain if I went a week or two without masturbating, and then had sex with a sufficiently hot girl, I could easily finish in under a minute.
Emily Borne?
Anyone else think Simba looks a little effeminate?
No politician wants to be the guy who advocates for the addicts. His/her opponents would shout "this guy wants to help people get high!"
I stopped buying dvds once I discovered Yify.
Neither studios nor theatres care about tickets sold, they care about how much money they're making. Also a lack of ticket price data, combined with currency fluctuations, makes it nearly impossible to estimate foreign ticket sales.
If the child dies and both parents lose their genitalia in a freak accident then they can get a Darwin award.
Does one giant expense justify another?
I hate Office Space because Peter Gibbons has a nice office job and is so ungrateful.
&gt;Such as? Matthew M learned about the secret facility view the coordinates from the bookshelf. But it turns out he was responsible for the bookshelf gravity anomaly. So how did he find out about the coordinates in the first place? The wormhole was created by future humans. But the future humans only exist because humanity was saved due to Matthew M and company going thru the wormhole. The movie has multiple infinite regressions.
I assume he forgave her.
&gt;He explicitly asks TARS for the coordinates in the movie while they are floating in the tesseract. That doesn't make it less of a plot hole. The chain of events which lead to him being inside the tesseract started when he found the coordinates. But he was only able to give himself the coordinates because he was inside the tesseract. And I don't see why you're acting as though a time travel paradox isn't a type of plot hole.
Well that's not what I wanted to hear.
&gt;According to your logic FTL space travel and worm holes shown in movies must be plot holes as well because we haven't figured out how they will work if they exist. If you really think my logic leads to that conclusion then I don't know what to tell you.
In the video the gorilla was being pretty rough.
On many occasions I've sent follow-up emails and never heard back.
Right, "better". Most movies which undergo extensive reshoots don't end up being good.
X-Men Origins: Wolverine. The slo-mo walk away from the exploding helicopter, the big "NOOOO!!" when Kayla "dies", the serum that causes death-like symptoms, and etc.
No, most would be in hospital gowns, underwear, or naked. Once they're in the ground they ain't getting out of the coffin.
He could sell 1/2 inch dowels.
I don't think it's meant to be taken literally. It's more like "keep your customers happy".
What's the catch?
Someone told me there isn't a single recorded case of a person drowning due to food induced swimming cramps.
I'd like to see a Kaiju post apocalypse movie.
Seems like there's some serious stresses on the teeth when it changes direction.
Using a knife to slice an apple and then eat the slices right off the blade.
Eva Mendes when she played "Roxanne Simpson" in Ghostrider.
But self posts don't contribute to your karma.
For serious?
Not fully erased. A brief clip from *Origins: Wolverine* can be seen when Xavier reads Logan's mind in *Days of Future Past*.
&gt;He told himself through time.. not that hard to understand. I know he told himself. It's a bootstrap paradox.
Marvel has a hard time holding onto directors because they (the directors) aren't allowed a lot of artistic freedom. Whedon and Favreau are the only guys to direct more than one Marvel movie.
Calm down pal.
RemindMe! 1 month "visit this thread once Civil War has exceeded $400 mil"
A good book, movie on my laptop, and iPad.
When did it stop being acceptable for action heroes to have some flab on them?
Cuckold. I can't grasp the notion of wanting to see my GF cheat on me.
Adam Carolla said it was the worst scene because it brings the plot to halt and doesn't fit with the rest of the movie.
More than 20% of all actors who played Sherlock Holmes are dead. Is that role also cursed?
Indeed.
Did someone make one of these for gorilla experts?
I liked Terrence Howard's version of Rhodes way more than D Cheadle's version. I'd replace Cheadle with Howard in IronMan 2 and all subsequent Marvel movies.
Mother of God!
Are telling me Foreman didn't invent the Foreman Grill?!?
I literally cannot fathom this thought process. God forbid you have sex with a guy whom you like.
r/mildlyinfuriating
Can a mod please put some kind of flair warning on this?
How old are you?
&gt; ten main characters, all of which should be well-developed Say what? The original X-Men didn't have 10 well developed characters, and it did just fine.
Reminds me of when Joe Biden "advised" people to shoot their guns in the air.
If you're buying insurance then you're paying other people's medical expenses. It's just being done on a private basis instead of a public basis.
I'm comfortable with letting a crack smoking morbidly obese fellow die without intervention.
Based on the empirical evidence if your name isn't Burton or Nolan then you can't make a good Batman movie. Maybe Affleck can do a good job if the studio doesn't interfere. I'd say WB is batting .500 in terms of making good Batman movies.
&gt;Shock waves are always moving faster than the local speed of sound How can that be?
A pair of [Great Tits](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/86/GreatTit002.jpg)
In Radio Flyer there are 3 possible interpretations: 1) The little brother flew away in his flying machine. 2) The littler brother dies at the end, but Tom Hanks pretends he flew away. This fantasy is preferable to dealing with the knowledge that The King killed his brother. This would also explain why The King was arrested at the end. 3) The little brother was a figment of Tom Hank's imagination. In this scenario The King abused young Tom Hanks. Tom Hanks deals with the abuse by creating a Tyler Durden-esq younger brother, and pretending the brother is the one being abused. I like the #2 the best, #1 is pretty dumb and #3 seems contrived. #2 makes for a more emotional story, since Tom Hanks copes with the death of his brother by imagining he's still alive, going on adventures in his Radio Flyer.
Her tits have roughly doubled in size since then.
Piracy means studios can't afford to take as many risks, and have to stick with safe bets (i.e. sequels, remakes, reboots, and adaptations). That's why 4 of Pixar's next 5 movies are sequels.
I think 1 or 2 jump scares is fine, but most movies use way too many.
I like the ihop.
Is there something in the photograph that leads you to believe that, or are you just skeptical a tornado can be this big?
I agree, the director's cut is a much better ending.
Hank McCoy?
It's unlikely. Only once has a sequel out grossed a $400+ million predecessor, and that was Catching Fire.
I'm talking about immediate predecessors. Jurassic Park 3 didn't make $400 mil. Episode I's immediate predecessor was Return of The Jedi, which also didn't make $400 mil.
It's totally possible for Episode 8 to outgross Ep 7, but the odds are against it. In terms of quality, it needs to be as good or better than Ep 7, and the marketing has to be on point. Also Ep 7 was the first Star Wars movie in over a decade, whereas Ep 8 will be the third in a 2 year period. And if Rogue One isn't beloved, that could also hurt Ep 8. In general, movies with massive grosses don't build their audience with a sequel, they retain or lose audience.
&gt;There will inevitably be a marathon showing of 4-7, which will count partially towards FA's BO. Something tells me it will be counted towards Episode 8's box office, similar to how they had a marathon showing of Ep 1-6, and those ticket sales were added to Ep 7's opening weekend.
Are "boat kites" different from parasailing?
I don't know if they won, but we damn sure lost.
&gt;Alison Tyler Even with those big scars around her nipples?
Being good-looking is always an advantage.
&gt;I should be able to pay for just that show, not every single show that HBO makes. And until then you'll just continue stealing their content!
This is why I envy chubby chasers. If you're into fat girls then it's like you're surrounded by 10s.
I wouldn't steal it and then tell myself I've done nothing wrong. That's for sure.
I have to disagree. Fantasy films which don't have "Potter" or "Rings" in the title tend to disappoint.
I don't care if you steal content or not. You don't need to rationalize your actions to me.
North by Northwest Prior to seeing that I thought Hitchcock only did weird horror movies, didn't realize he also made action thrillers / spy movies.
It's hypnotic
You forgot the horrible traffic, drought, massive budget deficit, and ridiculous taxes &amp; cost of living.
&gt;Traffic is bad, but it depends a great deal on the location In my experience Cali traffic is always bad, regardless of time or location, unless you're way out in the middle of nowhere. &gt;Ridiculous taxes? Compared to where? California ranks about 16th for taxes: Your source is from 2002. [Here's one](http://deslide.clusterfake.net/?o=html_table&amp;u=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.forbes.com%2Fpictures%2Femeg45efhjf%2Fintroduction%2F) that's slightly more recent.
"Mantis Ray" sounds like a cheesy low budget sci fi film from the producers of Sharknado.
&gt;Pretty glaring problem if they think ejaculating = finished [imgur.com/KzPvhSn.gif](http://i.imgur.com/KzPvhSn.gif)
Maybe they think a good president will burn the system down.
I always downvote any gif on here which ends too soon, but it doesn't seem to do much good.
Or people who talk about "rape by fraud". Like if a guy pretends he's rich just so he can hook up with a girl, and then afterwards she learns the truth.
You'd fuck them both without hesitation.
Will a lady let me touch her breast if I ask politely?
Patience grasshopper...
My mistake, according to the internet adult film database she's 25.
What a shock!
Gaming and the Donald.
Bystanders can post grainy/blurry cell phone vids, but only Peter can deliver pristine 4k close up Spider-Man footage.
They do look somewhat bigger than in her earlier works.
I like her fakies. Big naturals are the best of course, but a well done pair of big fake ones are better than small real ones.
Can you do an AMA?
Fair or unfair, the guys comment aligns nicely with certain stereotypes regarding gamers' and Trump supporters' attitude towards women.
Some people think tattoos can make one sexier. I don't, but some people do.
"Tough on crime" is a good way to get elected. And no politician wants to stick their neck out for the rights of accused criminals.
Is this like when people say "too bad Lucas and Speilberg never made a 4th Indy movie"?
I can't, it's not my van. I just walked by it the other day.
Sadly it's not mine. That's the only picture I have.
I like how the alien looks down on humans even though he's their prisoner.
Sensing time, I like this one!
I don't any pro-lifers are arguing an unfertilized egg with a sperm next to it counts as a person.
I see it too
Suppressing the stories of muslim refugees in Europe sexually assaulting people.
But if it lives in water then the crushing would be counteracted by it's buoyancy.
Game of Thrones. From what I hear it's hard to follow and all the good characters dies.
Your estimate of 33.3 million tickets sold is almost worthless. You can't simply divide the worldwide total by the average US ticket price and expect to get an accurate count of tickets sold. You'd have to take each country's gross and divide by that country's average ticket price. For older movies you also have to adjust for currency fluctuations. This is why it's almost impossible to get accurate data for foreign ticket sales.
Nightcrawler
That's one of the nicest butts I've ever seen!
Why no dishwasher?
As gorgeous as she is, her vids are pretty lackluster.
Turns out different people have different ideas of what is common sense. Who knew...
&gt;reasonable capacity One man's "reasonable" is another man's "unreasonable".
&gt; 12 months without sex is a long time when you think about it =/ http://i.imgur.com/zG6l8Ug.jpg
Neither box cutters nor air travel are mentioned in the bill of rights.
Red and orange are the most visited spots on the board (other than jail). The railroads are overrated, they might be decent trade fodder, but nothing more. I like to control one of the dark blue spots, just for peace of mind.
Sure they are, what do you think "arms" means?
I always wonder how Jackson convinced New Line to let him make the LOTR trilogy. At the time there was nothing on his resume to indicate he was remotely capable of pulling it off.
They couldn't learn morse code online for free like normal people?
Luckily propane has terrific energy density.
Unless you have a time machine or the ability to communicate with dead people, you don't know whether or not they'd been thought of.
Are they stealing energy from alternate universes?
Please write some Avatar fan fic novels! I'll read them!
Batmanning!
At the end when he's sitting in the car smiling at Vin Diesel, his face is a bit uncanny valley-ish. But that's the only moment in the whole movie where it's evident he's a special effect.
All he needs now is an oil slick.
