How would you like your coffee? Do you want any male tears in there or just black?
&gt; Why I do say sir, that is preposterous! &gt; When I dubtly[?subtly] play on Xbox live ~~and~~ speaking the queen's, ~~son~~ I usually chant "your mother revealed thine ~~her~~ shins to ~~myself~~ mineself last night!" yes? I think this is what you meant.
Are you trying to say that feminists are more likely to be fat, or are you saying fat people are more likely to be feminists? This graph indicates the former, though typically probability sits on the y-axis.
ah well, either way good effort op.
Yeah oh man. That was a long worthwhile read. Holy shit that woman is crazy. For a moment I almost thought she was a troll. But I don't know...
Its still almost 6k calories (~3 days) for one pizza. Kind of crazy...
please don't kill the honey bees. They are gentle creatures, unless you are in their nest.
Do you have any evidence?
see my post above, but yeah probably...
it's all ok, that is what the internet is about.
the way liverpool plays a bunch of porks might do better.
we must grow this sub, like a pheonix from the ashes of pao's cunt
then we shall post in the shade!
little of column a, little of column b
Ah yes, IIRC CERN in the 90s, some of the worlds also some of the worlds largest trolls. /s I agree with you and the above isn't quite sarcasm. Honestly some academics are huge trolls. Source: Am a academic
We should have public baths in America.
this was relevant when posted. so sorry you got downvoted.
Unfortunately yeah, he seems legit. This entire article is rage inducing though. I kind of want to take this guy out into the dessert and beat him over the head for a while until he regains his common sense.
&gt; but I do know my fruitloops are going mushy. Can you explain? Is your Toucan missing as well?
This is the last straw!
&gt; You must focus on my intentions, which cancel out the impact of my behavior So if I'm not intending to be racist?
No shitlord, women cannot harass
I thought the original post was cute.
Yeah but don't do a good job or they will trade you for picks
No, for Eichel
yeah... not a mistake you want to make
Rheinhart?!? Well... Ok I guess...
Do we actually need more Forward talent? I guess that might be a sign someone is getting traded soon...
Maybe that is why they broke up, so one of them could play for Montreal.
I'm sorry... I shouldn't be so mean. I know how hard it is living in NJ :P
&gt; That would actually be the most sensible solution for the Greeks. So they probably won't do it then?
I hope they don't pay Poulin too much, like at all....
Oh ok nevermind then. I for some reason thought Cronin did both.
[Need to Go Downtown for the New Years Win](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JGhoLcsr8GA)
With strait in we are damned if we do damned if we don't. He should be limited to like 15 minutes per night if possible... but cappy plays him over 20 usually...
and without Halak. Greiss is good, but he does not control the puck well and leaves a lot of rebounds.
Dayummmm that was painful. Better luck tomorrow.
You are right, reddit would be way more sympathetic.
Pelech in, Greiss in net. Clutterbuck is a game time [decision](https://twitter.com/NYIslanders/status/683737915369848833)
It takes Pi times longer to complete a task than you expect.
&gt; unless Garth pulls a rabbit out of his ass He has been doing a fair amount of that lately. I would not be surprised if he did it again.
Wilson isn't even worthy of honky's tread marks on his ass.
These guys need to get what's coming to them. We need to get the MC^2 line out there after this pp.
it's ok I'm too tired to deal with that thread either, just come have a nice enjoyment of the game with us.
if you mention it to them they will say 2 things. 1. What? Are you still mad about that? and... 2. It was a legal hit.
[There we go](https://i.imgur.com/hHYJKeI.jpg)
[That's how you score a goal](https://i.imgur.com/JfdyM0T.jpg)
depends on what happens and what is said in that locker room but I agree, a comeback is not out the question.
They have been pretty awful tonight in general.
yeah ok, I'll join the fuck tim peels bandwagen... he got at least 3 wrong tonight.
&gt; Volunteer at brewery? Sounds fun. Sure is! Just an inconvenient time this week.
It's worse than that, once strait finds the puck he passes it to the other team. We might as well have hickey out there alone.
I hope we are so lucky
Nah I got it, just wanted to make sure the PHI fan knew it was humorous.
Unless you are sitting behind Cappy your ideas probably won't help...
That Pelfield D pair is something else.
I know that was hit hard, but greiss should save that one.
Boychuk and Hamonick come back fast and we squeak in because Brian Strait never plays a game again?
Well I have a theory. See Cappy is confused and thinks strait is a good or decent defender. S Cappy uses him as the metric for if other defenders are good. So he plays Strait with someone else like Pelech to size them up BUT they can't be everywhere so they don't look good because they are busy covering straits ass. But then strait looks better than he is because he's never in on the play when the other team scores so Cappy thinks strait is good and hence we will never be rid of strait.
If I win the powerball (1.4 billion) I'm buying this team and firing cappy day 1.
Kulemin doesn't take many penalties... I can forgive this.
OMG Did Brian strait just almost score?
Third strait penalty....
Lunquivist has no stick.. Strait falls down... yup that's how this game will go.
JAR-O!
considering the whistle was blown when Halak touched the puck it's a good call. definitely late after the whistle but it's not martin who's still skating.
Strait does many things, most aren't good.
Yeah but if Tavares pushes him it won't end well.
2nd most wins and games coached. But he is MILES behind Al.
He needs to pick between a beard and a goatie.
Ok but you have to take Strait as well.
[ I love this](https://i.imgur.com/hHYJKeI.jpg)
yeah but then it would be out of market and not on centerice/ whatever I have.
[yeah there are a lot of assistant coaches though](http://www.usahockey.com/news_article/show/599451?referrer_id=1327756) So it's not entirely like those two are solely responsible for calling the shots. Let's just hope Cappy is not in charge of the PP
Bullshit, I've seen Strait fall for no reason. If you go at him 20-30 times he's going to turn and trip at least once.
Watch him not score a goal... Seriously he needs to wake up, maybe this will do it.
I'm in Atlanta... I don't think I can make it to that one because valentines day and all...
Some say he's still in bed because he stayed up till 4 am again.
Ryan N-H would be great but we really need a D man.
WHAT'S THE TELEGRAPH SAY ABOUT THE RAPE THREATS!? #**THEY'RE OVER 9000!!!**
i'll be clapping for the rest of the thread
Is fishing code for sex? Seriously that's a lot of kinky thoughts even for me.
I might do this as well. Plus then I can couch co op all those sweet sweet coop games that I don't know about
I'm always surprised when a new Ethiopian food place opens up.
It's been pretty good. Kessel and the Penguins have shown they are legit the best around. Unfortunately the Sharks haven't lived up to the hype, I really expected game 5 to be played with 2 wins a piece. It has a real david and goliathe feel
That projected first line gave me chills.
Something everyone can agreebon
Sure, you just can't let it happen near the net.
Basically yeah. Lucic probably isn't ideal and neither is Lee but I think that those two playing with JT every night could make that line productive. All this being said, the numbers that Lucic wants I think make him a fantasy for us. Too expensive honestly.
Currently we have 70k subscribers. Perhaps if we each chip in 20 bucks 1.5 mil might pry jezebel from them
&gt;MFW I answer my own post from a different account.
'he says, you didn't think an islander could take that good a save in goal, would ya?' -- 19s left in the period then 'Cizikas was near by'. so just some cheap shots at us for no reason I guess?
Just like Martin Jones.
This offseason is going to be crazy with the expansion draft.
given this is a year away, I would not be sureprised if we didn't protect Boychuck if he has another bad season.
Makes way more sense than a world class hacker releasing information on a wordpress...
Can I just reuse the my hockey playoff beard for this? It's pretty nice actually
Installing tonight and seeing how my steam controller works with it.
I run all amd and it works fine. Just use the FOSS driver and you should have no problems
yeah, nowhere did OP say my post had to be true. but still for the money he makes I see him as only underrated by fan. Management didd a goodish job assessing him. 30-40 pts per year at 3-4 million is a not bad. If you consider this year a slump, which it seems to have been for the team, his CF% rel hasn't been too bad over this contract... 2.7 .2 -1.7 ok yeah he needs a solid 2+ next year but otherwise i think his number are fine. If he gets 50 pts and a cori rel of like 3 I think everyone will owe him a huge 'sorry mate'.
Came here to post this as well. Somewhat sad that this is how it ends but whatever. He's asking too much money. The question is will they find that kind of money in the market with Lucic and Stamkos
well, at the price he wants KO is out. We will probably get a decent FA, not stamkos but somebody similar to KO. My guess is Nielson wants to see what his market value is. If the isles match he will be back (again &lt;6 mil sign him &lt;5 mil sign him for more years than best offer). A lot of guys had slumps (Strome, Nelson, Lee, the entire D at time). I expect scoring will bounce back regardless of who we sign. BUT to improve (truly improve) we do need a top line winger. Honestly, best bet is to trade for one. Datsyuk is leaving Det. He's old has a big cap hit but maybe if we traded an expensive piece for him and a mid tier prospect it could work. Though I'm not totally sure why he is looking to leave Det with 1 year left. 50 pt guy though who could be good on JTs wing.
he wants 7 mil 7 years. If he won't take a reduced price for JT he won't take it for a team that is still in the basement.
sorcond
&gt; THE RANGERS BLOW THE TEAM UP TO TRY AND START A REBUILD I mean... that's going to happen so not that bold.
Frnas is probably going to get an offer as a UFA from us regardless. He just wants to see what other teams off and I think htere is a chance we match anyway
Nielson Tavares Stamkos line confirmed.
What about windows 10?
Stamkos spent the past two seasons scoring 60+ pts, and only spent 2 years since '09 failing to do so. Put down your crack pipe, I like lee too, but Stamkos belongs on the first line.
Taskbars are overrated, go take a look at /r/unixporn for some non task bar oriented inspiration.
You're fault for using materials on your craft that are highly volatile in the presence of H2O
Halak.
It would be great, that 4.5 million would free up money for Fransie
I swear, when you see josh bailey pass the puck from in front of the net, it's a thing of beauty...
GO BU!
I feel like I should make some derivitive of Debian or something where all these awful alias ideas are built in by default... Ayyy-lmao-OS will be a huge hit
I like your answer about the ~~all shitting monkeys~~ schedule makers, but I think OP might have meant what happens with like how many times each team plays each other.
I think they are both great goaltenders, I just also think that the market isn't huge for goaltenders right now.. there are 3 or 4 teams that could use a goaltender but only one or two that really need a goalie. I think the lack of demand is what really will drive both prices down.
I agree with your first paragraph, BUT your second is a bit off. I'm pretty sure the SPC is standard for all drafted players and applies until their ELC kicks in (ie they actually play for the team that signed them). Where the issue gets fuzzy for me is in the wording now of the rules. According to [NHL.com](https://www.nhl.com/news/nhl-expansion-draft-rules/c-281010592) &gt;All first- and second-year professionals, as well as all unsigned draft choices, will be exempt from selection (and will not be counted toward their club's applicable protection limits). The term professionals is not defined in the CBA, so does someone playing on loan under an SPC (Pulock in 2014-2015) before the ELC kicks in count as a 'Professional'. It is not defined in the CBA. Now the terms 'Professional Game', 'Professional Season', and 'Professional Experience' are all well defined in the CBA. So really it hinges on whether or not he was a Pro in the year where he played 30 AHL games on loan. Based on what I've read, no he is not and if he was then at the end of his ELC he would be an UFA (based on the definition given for professional experience). So I guess the point I am trying to make is, although by the CBA it would seem like Pulock should be exempt, if the wording on NHL is correct he could still be not exempt. This would however require the league to basically define a professional as anyone who played in the NHL/AHL regardless of contract. Finally, sorry for the long reply thanks for the thorough reply I think this conversation will help us to gauge expectations going forward with this expansion. I think you are correct and he will be fine, despite what AS says but I do see an argument for him not being protected.
I agree, but I think I can interpret. A does not apply. B applies because Pulock turned 19 in October and all it says is that for that first season the junior team has first rights to him still but can loan him to the organization upon request. No idea how loans work (in sports). Then C seems most relevant... &gt;(c) During the seasons set forth in (a) and (b) above, the age 18 and age 19 Player, respectively, may be Loaned to the minor league team affiliate of his Club when his Junior team is no longer in competition and provided he has been listed on the Club's minor league eligibility list. This really just stamps out the term for how long these players rights are held by the major junior league. I am guessing this means for any season that they are 'on loan' they aren't professionals....
Very good piece. As an Islanders fans I have mixed feelings. His down falls can really be terrible some times (he puts the puck into the crease a lot...) but when he is on, which he is about 80-90% of the imte, he is ab absolute brick wall.
Can you cross post this to /r/newyorkislanders they would enjoy reading this
I kind of imagine the mix of people at the games being tourists and locals. If this is the case it could be that the tourists (think families who have kids, hockey fans on vacation, and old people) buy lots of merch and souvenirs keeping revenue up. I know once the schedule is released I will be planning a Vegas trip around the Islanders game there. Sucks for the home team but whatever.
&gt;"never forget" on they did wrong &gt;Hiroshima/Nagasak &gt;never forget Vietnam wow, of the three things you listed one was only wrong in hindsight, one was misguided but forced based on the political climate of the time (though individual acts varied) and yeah Iraq was wrong but post 9/11 the US is not the US anymore.
you got me there...
&gt; Dallas Eakins what league is he coaching in now?
26, it's only 5 pm and draft starts at 7.
For gaming Debian and Ubuntu are your best options. Debian is a smaller distribution, it is older and more established than Ubuntu and in general works really well and has a great support base. The Steam OS is Debian based (I think...) so steam installs beautifully and linux games look great with the FOSS drivers
In Russia you can buy Oscar for 50 ruple
I hope they have enough scooters for the hambeasts
I imagine the actual presser will be in English, hopefully they don't dub it
Yeah... damn I am not going to know what's going on am I
Something is happening for sure, it doesn't take this long to tell someone to go fuck themselves...
it's the dude though, not the nice old lady with baldness issues
Pan Traded, PK Stays #PanWatch2016
The English stream is like 1 minute behind and still in French
Twitter #Isles, they will lead you wrong every time but you will be excited
&gt; haha yeah we've fucked the economy In what way does leaving the EU fuck the economy? Nobody in the private sector is losing a job, London is still the Major banking hub of the world, and if anything British manufacturing should benefit.
A one day or week selloff globally does not mean anybody's economy is wrecked. The market does not equal the economy.
if it was 52-48 the other way would you still say that?
Can we get a draft day Game Day Thread?!
Bankers will go where the tax policy is favorable.
I don't think NFL will ever go to vegas because of gambling. The owners just like to use it as leverage for better stadium deals
Agreed, none of us will like losing players in the expansion but hopefully the NHL doesn't bust in Vegas like so many others have.
My guess is if anything happens before the draft we will hear about it in the afternoon. Snow is most likely on the phone with player agents this morning then meeting scouts/cappy after lunch before headed to talk to gms at the stadium. Probably around 3-5 we will hear the first rumors of any draft day trade. So grab a pint and relax until then
Australagarian Empire
[Something Something Unfounded Rumors](https://imgflip.com/i/16dkfo)
they aren't that frequent and my guess is all vegas players will be read the riot act preemptively
&gt; Like..did they really just vote themselves the North Korea of Europe? that is not fair. North Korea is isolated completely, they are economically insignificant, their people are starving and they have no democracy. You are being alarmist sir. Please calm your rhetoric and be rational.
For all we know you won't be alive to see what happens. Frankly you could end up dying of your own stupidity but that probably won't happen. Instead you will probably live a long happy and more prosperous life than the previous generation and you country will continue to grow compared to most including large portions of the EU block. You will never stop to think and thank them for voting this way, and it is a shame. Even if you life turns out perfect at this point you are so blinded to the other side of the argument you will never thank them or acknowledge they may be right.
From what I've seen the Remain campaign is made up of a bunch of sore losers who react in a completely alarmist way.
it wasn't just the pound, the Euro lost a few cents to the US dollar. So pick an argument and argue I guess, reservation and patience be damned.
not to be a heckler but if you have a source I'd like to take a look. I definitely saw one that had that age group favoring staying by like &lt;5%
I assume the lack of race riots is because you kicked all the black people out?
I thought rule number one was we don't talk about Leafs Club
[So much going on at our Table right now](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/ClvpIQmWMAESsAF.jpg:large)
[link to original tweet](https://twitter.com/Schwartzee524/status/746446501119934464)
that is exactly how I feel. I don't think Garth will pursue him though, not after the offers we made him 2 years ago.
It is not normal to date multiple people at the same time. There are people who do it but they are the minority. It is normally among young people to casually be sleeping with multiple people at the same time, but this doesn't count as dating my book.
[RUMORS FROM THE MAN](https://twitter.com/StapeNewsday/status/746456815488073730) Snow and Ducks GM had a long talk. Probably about their golf swings, possibly about a trade...
Rags are moving Girardi and Staal, seen talking to Snow. #PleasenoSnow
Yup, regardless of if we get Stam or not moving him is purely good business. We have 3 players making 4 million+ who don't deserve it and one needs to go. We have 3 other goalies who can step in (Greiss Gibson and Berube). Grabbo will be worth it if he stays healthy... Kulemin his pk is good... well... Regardless one of the three should go and I have to think we lose the least with Halak
what hashtag?
They could be talking about literally any trade...
#4 projected pick, the Dman EDM probably would have taken is still on the board.... I would be working to trade up and trade that pick to EDM
I've got it, I share it here as I read it...
Of course there is a commercial break
Snow probably won't go for it. He didn't even want to get Moulson back after it became clear he was leaving Buffalo... Plus Vanek sort of left despite us offering everything he wanted, my guess is management and maybe some players don't want him. He didn't want to be here when we were losing to play with JT, why should we let him be here now that we are good-ish? He would need to be dirt cheap, think 2 million or less.
A russian in the 4th round is anything but a sure thing. We will ahve to see how he works out. My guess is he won't be coming over this year
&gt; Let's just build a wall on the right side of the rink You mean Boychuk Hamonic and Pulock?
I don't think DiPietro was a terrible pick, just had a terrible series events...
Yeah, I don't know how much I trust Murphy. My guess is Garth is trying to land Stamkos but he needs to make some moves to make it happen. He needs to make some cap space or not sign Nielsen... Maybe both to be honest. Stamkos won't be cheap (think 12 mil)
Sign him for 3.5-4 mil and I'm sure he will go there
Don't use a direct quote in a headline if the author didn't say exactly that. Staple didn't say brooksie is full of shit, he never even mentions who wrote the report today. All Staples says i that 5.5 wasn't the number that he heard and that both sides were closer than the other report indicated.
damn I missed some hate mail :/
I just threw up in my mouth...
John Tavares swap for the plot to the room
I was half asleep and a bit drunk so yeah... Not proud of that one
psssht, men can't be raped.
&gt; the NCAA, and Olympic hockey not pro leagues
Wait, What. None of this is real!!! AM I FUCKEN DREAMING?!
Nielsen is staying on LI
8 years 8.5 AAV?! for Stamkos in TB 1. How do we not beats that play with JT, 10 million, 8 years. 2. At least everyone else's price might go down. Who is paying Okposo 6+x6 after that. might highlight just how unreasonable he is being/
Word on the street is Ladd wants 6 mil 6 years, so basically okposo money
according to supply and demand, yes. However if Ferrrari is selling cars for 10 million are you going to buy a honda for 7?
We could definitely extend an offer sheet
neither is an upgrade...
[It's fine, everything will work out](http://www-static.weddingbee.com/pics/342067/this-is-fine-meme.jpg)
yeah... He might be able to fill in but I think we need to solve the topline with young talent at this point...
Get ready for 7 years of 6.5 million dollars paid to a guy who won't play defense and has one move in the offensive zone...
yeah... It's been a while since I bothered to look at that contract, I remember it being a flat 5 but apparently goes to 6 for the 2017-18 season. Still the cap hit is 5... so i dunno something might be workable
Send them Halak and picks maybe :D 1st round and Halak with a conditional 3rd. Halak would be an upgrade for them...
Was expecting Kevin Poulin losing his stick...
In this thread: Minnesota and Buffalo fans lament the possibility of signing Okposo to a huuuuuge contract.
How much should the legislature regulate regulate ministry
Thanks for posting this
In on beer 10 I think, why we do bad?
😂😅😥😢😭😭😭
On a 5v3 PP
I will sign the petition but I think this is silly. Speaker is simply a manager of the legislate. It's not a directly ejected position so I really don't think dual mandate would be upheldb y any sensible court. E: this amendment is needed, how this was overlooked I don't know but it should be fixed regardless.
