I'm having this same dilemma. I have an old Getzlaf jersey from 2007 and then a Lovejoy jersey as it is but I want the new jersey we got this season. I wanted to get a Silfverberg but I'm waiting until we re-sign him or something. I thought about getting a Jackman jersey but we only sign him 1 year at a time and I don't want him leaving as soon as I buy it. I REALLY want a Kesler jersey but he's another one I'm not sure about contract wise.
Yeah if he re-signs with us, like another 5 year deal, I'll definitely get his jersey. Hopefully on a sweet new 3rd jersey too.
You must have watched a different series than I did then. A few bounces go our way instead of Chicago's and we sweep them.
Haha I'm glad someone else from here saw them too. I got a picture with both of them. I was beyond stoked! http://i.imgur.com/dwM6S9W.jpg http://i.imgur.com/jCBpXGP.jpg?1 I didn't notice Gabby until I noticed Beauch so it wasn't a total shock factor I guess you could say. He was there with his wife and kid. His wife had a Ducks hoodie on, his son had a Ducks beanie on (he actually took the picture for me) and Gabby, as you can see in the picture, had a Ducks hat and polo on. I told him thanks for a great season and I hoped he could bring the cup back home to Anaheim next season. Providing he's still our coach.. Beauch was sitting 2 rows in front of me and I recognized him right away by his nose. I just went up to him and said "hey I know you're with your son and I don't want to bother you but is there any way I can get a picture with you?". And he was super nice about it and said yeah sure go ahead. I then told him that even though he might be disappointed about how things turned out that I was proud of the guys and thanked him for a great season and how I hope we re-sign him. But then I felt bad because I was the first one to get a picture with him then about 9-10 more people came down and wanted pictures haha. Gabby didn't even know Beauch was there until he walked through the aisle to go up and get something. The look on each others faces was priceless to see. They chatted for a bit too then Gabby and his family left after around the 4th inning. Beauch happened to stay all the way through the 10 innings. http://i.imgur.com/fRD5gbv.jpg
You mean he needs an explanation on HOW he scored the goal? If he has to ask why he needs to score a goal I don't think he understands the game very well.
An original six team with more fans than a 23 year told team who is playing like utter shit right now...not surprised what so ever. It actually happens rather often. I'm a STH for the Ducks and we get outnumbered by opposing teams ALL THE TIME. EDIT: And it's the fucking Wings, so duh.
I will be there my fowl brethren
He's done this 4 times now. 3 of those 4 results in the GWG being scored right after his turnover. I'm sick of this shit. But I guess the bright side was we didn't lose because of him.
He punched Quick in the head seconds before this too. I ALREADY ADORE HIM!
Had Bobby Ryan stayed we'd actually have a real LW to play on the top line with Getzlaf and Perry. Also, I'd REALLY love to have Beauchemin back instead of Stoner or Bieksa.
:( I miss that frenchy. Now we're stuck with that pylon Bieksa.
DOC
Didn't see anything wrong in those clips. In the first clip, he had the puck with Stamkos so obviously he'd be controlling him as the center so that's not position locking. Then he took the faceoff and didn't switch off right away but still chased you to the net. You said he never switched off of center but yet I saw he was using Hedman and chased you most of the time until he saw you just go to the top of the zone and try to cycle in that second clip. Plus, you could have only been going for cross crease all game which made him play a skill zone defense, we don't know. I don't use skill zone unless I play someone who ONLY tries to go for cross creases and I've read on here a lot of people are the same way. Hate it break it to you but you just come off as a dude who got beat and is now pissed about it. EDIT: I see you deleted the second clip showing the fact that he indeed did NOT position lock hahahahaha. So now you're trying to give a guy a bad name by lying because you lost. Ooof.
Perry - Getzlaf - Zetterberg is the best line I've ever used.
Perry - Getzlaf - Benn has also been quite great for me as well.
YEEEE LOVEJOY
I did the same with a real-time all base Ducks team. Got to D1 but could never really compete with my squad. You gotta remember it all comes down to the dude with the controller in his hands 9 out of 10 times and not the players you have. BUT, I will say it was awesome being someone 5-0 or something and looking at their squad to see they were running an all MOV or TOTY team. Good times.
My MOV Kesler is seriously unreal. I've had him on my 2nd or 3rd line and no matter what roster I've used he's been absolutely unstoppable.
You're 66-1-1 with this squad? http://www.huthead.com/16/rosters/create#BbXBbXBa5CcnAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAABbkCsiBbwBchBbvBbxBavBdBBdoBcYBdfCt3BbSBcWBamBcNBcPBbXBa51 Are you playing single player against the cpu?
Which is bizarre because he's awful IRL
Nope. Not one bit. We got Kesler in return and he's a way better player. I look at Bonino how I look at Palmieri. I loved them while they were on the team and they were great but they never would have been able to fully reach their potential with their roles on our team. Definitely happy to see him playing so well though.
100% don't care about him. He was essentially useless for us and we even tried him on every line. He couldn't even cut making our PK line which is also kind of a head scratcher. He never fit well with us.
MOV Kesler and MS Cogliano. Also, base Johnson is insanely fast and I think plays faster than his 92.
Well, in my personal experience it's worked EVERY time I've been in there. Whether I'm trying to trade a player or looking for a certain player. I've even had people specifically help me look for a certain player just because they wanted to. Never even asked them either. The trade/sell threads are probably one of the best on this sub hands down.
Might help if you said what your current lineup was.
I use hybrid controls too and I've wondered this too. This same shit has always happened to me where my lines go 1-3-4-2. And my 4th line will also stay out the longest too. It's really odd.
Hate to break it to you but that graph is just for news headlines if I'm not mistaken. So this literally has NOTHING to do with bandwagoning what so ever.
Damn. And then someone gave you a Toews tonight too? How come all the dudes with unbelievably stacked teams alway win these "giveaways"?
&gt; Ever since 1999, each Final has went at least 6 or 7 games except 2007 LOL SORRY OTTAWA
bought some coins off him and he was extremely fast as well as polite. would buy from again!
good luck haha
Not trying to judge but, THAT is the funniest joke you've ever heard? I must have missed something then.
Oh ok I just thought I missed something hidden or what not so I wanted to make sure haha
Too bad you aren't on PS4. There's 3 (185k, 190k and 245k) up of him now with the LPS being 200k. Hornqvist's 91 TOTW has a LPS of 107k on PS4 too so you'd be short haha
Office Space is a classic. He had a million to work with though and not 150k haha
LOL HILLER
Yeah my MOV Kesler with the C on him got out skated by a back skating Clayton Stoner..
It's all good. I didn't want to remain competitive anyway
You act like us Ducks fans don't already know this shit haha. He was our coach before he was ours unfortunately.
Why? He's definitely not worth the 4m a year we're paying him. Sorry.
Wait so where is this game plan at? Never saw one in that awful article...
Heatley was one of the worst card I've ever used. Had him on a line with MOV Perry and MOV Getzlaf at the time too. Such a bummer too because I was excited to use him.
When I get home I'll try and find the TSN and NHL.com articles. They're all a little different but give decent info and examples.
Game 7's at home.
Bought 400k off him. Went quick and easy. Would buy from again.
bought 200k extremely fast from him. would buy from again.
Fowler will get traded before Lindholm does. I LOVE your positive attitude about Lindholm winning a Norris but I think I have a better chance of marrying a Victoria's Secret model.
LOL you're bitching after 2 collections? I did every NHL collection and the highest I got was base Wheeler..
Hate to break it to you but bases of Zetterberg, Nyquist and Kronwall won't add up to Seguin's LPS.
There isn't a SCE of him...
Here's a few I can remember: 10/20/13 vs. Dallas - His first career appearance, came in to relieve Hiller. Sounds dumb or cliche, but after that game I knew he'd be great for us and he was. 1/23/13 @ LA 3/15/13 @ LA 5/3/14 vs. Calgary - Game 2 of the 2nd round and he completely stood on his head. 5/17-21/14 vs. Chicago - Games 1, 2 and 3 of the Western Conference Finals 3/18/15 vs. Boston Then pretty much the entire series against Nashville this year in the opening round. All of those to me are his best games IMO.
Gibson, Saad, Parayko, Matt Murray, RNH, Ghost, Couturier, Drouin, Ekblad, Hamilton, JT Miller, Scheifele and Matthews are the others left on the roster to pick from.
Are we supposed to know who that is or what?
I'll miss him in Anaheim :(
Is she some insane gamer or something?
Yeah those were the only ones that really looked appealing to me. Think I'll do that. Thanks!
MOV Perry.
This is that same douche that got banned on here. All he did was whine and blame everything on "glitches" and how people suck for having a stacked team. Kid is the fucking worst.
&gt; #6 in the world should play #8,987 who has a 20% win ratio. Do you mean SHOULDN'T?
Pretty sure he just has him there because the site hasn't added his 99
I know if you're a player and want your own card you can contact EA but I've never seen a legend one before.
Why don't you actually read what you get in the description? It's pretty clear cut..
Dude I totally feel you on the spawns. They are absolutely awful. Especially when I'm playing on Endor.
For a while I thought it was +/- 3 from your division but after playing a while I've found that I think it comes down to how many stars your team is.
Yes in the PS store it does. But here's a different link http://www.gottabemobile.com/2016/03/02/star-wars-battlefront-ultimate-upgrade-pack-5-things-to-know/
I never even got to use Dengar to experience the said 1 hitta quitta
He's not.
POTG Fowler and HFC Andersen.
Yeah if he wanted $2m a year we'd for sure be in on him rofl
So, technically no. I already knew how to select a certain mode in the playlist but I wanted to know if you could actually stay in said mode rather than having to quit every time and rejoin a WA.
Yeah that's what I thought. Damn. Thanks!
Pretty sure they'll protect Manson, Vatanen, Lindholm and Theodore. Despres will likely go assuming Fowler gets shipped off before then.
Thompson and Garbutt would technically be our only FA's after the 2016-17 season.
Well then they'd protect Lindholm, Vatanen and Manson. And I was under the impression that players with NMC's didn't count toward a teams protected number?
Well then, that's rather unfortunate. Thanks for clearing that up for me.
Tis why I just quick sold him
No. Besides they're probably going to sign him to something before July 1st.
Khudobin won't be around since he'll be in Russia playing in the KHL. Tokarski isn't ready to be a NHL that can play 25+ games. Hoping to see Enroth
Just wait until you get to the playoffs with Bruce.
Just remember the Indians blew a 3-1 lead in the World Series.
That's what I meant.. It was sarcasm. If he's bummed now that they lost a game in the regular season to end a streak just wait until they come into the playoffs on fire only to choke.
To get a fucking win in OT
Bought 500k, quick and easy. Also really cool and a fellow Duck fan like myself! Would buy from again if he wasn't going to go overseas and defend our freedom! Thanks again man and good luck!
Definitely have nothing to do with how you play defense rofl. I've seen EVERY goalie in the game give up the worst goals imaginable with someone playing great defense. This year is the year of the slapper or long shot from the point or faceoff circles. EVERY goalie is the exact same minus the synergies. Last year a goalie could steal you a game but not this year.
Exactly. You're 10000000% right on CuJo though. He might be the worst goalie I've ever in this game.
so true it hurts
Wondering if it's worth getting too
Are you doing the match-up's that would get the least amount of viewers?
Without any synergies active, it's Bergeron, Malhotra and Kesler.
Replace Olli Jokinen with Saku Koivu and I'm down with the Finns. Selanne should be the Master reward too not Esa Tikkanen.
That doesn't make him a better player. Selanne has the best stats ALL-TIME for ANY Finnish born player. Just because he was on worse teams doesn't mean anything.
No. The Christmas POTN stuff ended the 22nd or 23rd. So all of the new cards being released won't be part of the Christmas collections nor will they be lumped into the list of the players we could get.
On offense: Kesler, Kessel, Ryan, Thornton, Parise, Zetterberg, Okposo, Hossa, both Sedin's. Honestly the list can go on and on. A LOT of better options. On defense: Lindholm, Vatanen, Ekblad, Kronwall, Gostisbehere, Carlson, Seabrook, Shattenkirk
no worries!
I am chill buddy. Just saying.
And then wait to sell your MOV Perry after he gets his milestone so he's a 90.
Accidentally quick sold TOTY Kuzy last year. That was fun.
You don't need to feel like you have to earn putting the RHC tag. A lot of shitheads have it in their tag so it's all good. And unfortunately with the giveaways, 95% of the time the people that win already have stacked teams and will just sell whatever you give away.
Your post will for sure get downvoted because nobody believes in ice tilt but I agree that there is something coded in the game or what not. Last year I packed my team to the gills and couldn't get to D1 so I sold everyone and made an all base team of the real-time Ducks roster (had a few LOW 80's and high 70's players in it) and I made it do D1 EASY and then won a title. So there's DEFINITELY something in the way the game works. I also think it's funny how people call it "momentum" when that doesn't make sense. How can Chara outskate someone with 95 speed going backwards in the opening minute of a game? Not momentum... As for this year and the synergies, I've used a team with only 1 player synergy and made it 4 divisions HIGHER than when I used a team with 4 player synergies and 4 team synergies. It's just bizarre.
That's cool though. I totally respect that and we definitely need more people in this sub who act and think like you do because I think this is great. And on how to avoid giving away to stacked teams? Eh I have no clue. You can't really say "oh let me check your team out" because they can change it and lie to you too easily. Only thing I've done in my 3 giveaways were try to check out their comment history. Look if they've posted their roster before or are asking for rare players in the trade thread or what not. Normally I'd say a new user would be prime for a giveaway but sadly a lot of trolls on here make new accounts to shit talk or to fake being a new user so they can have a chance at a giveaway. But hey, a giveaway is amazing and I hope it brings you good karma regardless.
Yeah but after you trade them to your dumby team how do you transfer them back to your new team on your main account without spending money?
Not new at all. What I meant by that was EVERY TIME someone posts complaining about it they get destroyed by everyone on here.
OK sorry Mr. Literal I won't be so vague next time my bad.
Is EVERYONE pulling him but me? Holy shit
Getzlaf and Vermy over Kesler? The fuck?!
We're twinsies!
Saying the Ducks DJ plays "interesting and cool music" is the most laughable thing I've heard this year. We EASILY have the worst music ever. Then on top of that we decided we should add a shitty organist. The worst.
Probably one of our defensemen.
They might be awesome guys I just think they aren't very great. My issue with the organ is that we NEVER had one then all of a sudden we lose to the Kings in the playoffs and then boom, next year we have an organ.
Well I'm going to expect nothing and I'll still be disappointed.
4 in 1140 AB's. 3 of them were inside the parkers.
Definitely you. No doubt
A decent left handed winger to play with Getz and Perry. I doubt you'll want to give up Hoffman haha
Fuck me I hope not. I really DO NOT want JVR.
So you want like a created player on your squad that you can feed players into to grow him like they have in MLB the Show Diamond Dynasty? I'd really like that idea actually.
What about the young lady from Shawinigan?
Lol saying someone is too expensive but you have that line-up...
I didn't downvote anything?
I've had him for a long time now and he's great for me. Best SS I've used.
Probably because that was technically the last team he played in the NHL on. Only thing I can think of honestly. They definitely fucked up as usual.
https://hutdb.net/milestone Still one away
Good question. I'm wondering that too
Got a gold
I got patches and that's it if you don't count the Christmas Laine.
Well first off, Getzlaf isn't having a bad year nor is Anaheim. And secondly, we don't even know the themes for TOTY yet so you can't assume they're going to have another U23 team.
Nowhere. Already quick sold him and Bissonnette
Not much honestly. Nothing really there other than the Laine.
I got Christmas Laine, a gold collectible and Patches. You DEFINITELY hit the lottery. Awesome pulls man, congrats.
Already quick sold both haha
Team 2 no doubt. To me to comes down to Malkin vs. Ovi and if you need any help figuring that out, here you go. https://hutdb.net/17/players/stats/21083
Hayward said it best, we're better without him because everyone kicks it into high gear knowing how big of a loss he is. We can do it in short stretches like 1-5 games but not in the long run.
nope you're good
Got a base Giroux for 1500. Already have his 90 TOTW but there was no way I could pass that price up
Get 89 TOTW WCOH Bergeron. Going for the same price as base Toews and he has WW.
Saw one up for 50k about 2 hours ago. That sucks
TOTW Kesler and TOTW 89 Giroux
What you're describing is not ice tilt. Ice tilt is pretty much considered as competitive balance. Where you have a great 5 star team, every player being a 90+ and you're loaded with synergies. Then you play someone with a crap team, no one over 85, no synergies what so ever, and that team outdoes you in EVERY aspect of the game and wins. Like when your MOV Tarasenko gets ran down by Pascal Dupuis, or you get out-skated by a backward skating Chara, they stick/poke check better than your guys, and the list goes on and on etc. You're talking about your opponent just being selective with his shots. Probably scored on one timers, cross crease or slot shots. Just because you shoot a lot or have a lot of TOA doesn't mean shit overall.
No card is worth over a million IMO. Unless they score 4 goals in every game.
You should invest in the search bar.
Almost as original as this post here buddy
You forgot a WCOH card. With the TOTW background that is
You clearly don't know what ice tilt is.
Better pick up Subban then. Cheapest AS captain as of now. Last night I got him for 135k.
Definitely not
Expect disappointment and extreme frustration. But still wanting more and more.
MOV Simmonds or MOV Saad for Staal and then add Pietrangelo. Wouldn't lose any synergies either.
No worries!
Fowler. FINALLY stepped it up and played like we always thought he would.
Definitely don't think it has anything to do with handedness. We paired Lindholm with Beauchemin for a long time.
My prayers go out to you and your family man. You guys will get through it! Mom's are fighters!
We had 3 RHD when we paired Despres with Fowler for a while time though.. I 100% think it should always be a lefty paired with a righty but our staff doesn't I guess. Maybe now that we recalled Theo we won't see anymore of that Holzer-Bieksa pairing. HOPEFULLY.
I wish. As a Ducks fan I bought 60 bronze packs total, 30 for each week, when Max Jones and Sam Steel were TOTW and I didn't pull shit. So bummed. I still look for them at least once a week and I have yet to see either.
coast to coast like buttered toast
Forget 16 minutes. How the fuck did he make it more than a minute haha
So, Theo's sister is pretty attractive and Hampus's sister is literally Hampus in female form.
Haha I know man I was just messing with you
buying packs in general is always a disaster
Lost 13 in a row a few weeks ago. Before that I had never lost more than 3 in a row. I stopped playing for 9 days then come back haha
45 injury cards for sure
Why do people keep thinking a U23 TOTY team is a given?
Ok? EDIT: You really made an account just to post that on here?
Simmonds and maybe Horvat. Those are probably your two safest options. If they were to FOR SURE 100% have a U23 TOTY I'd say grab Gibson because he's probably the cheapest MOV available right meow.
Gibson continues to whip it out and put it on the table for everyone to enjoy
Highly doubtful for either. So many better names and fan favorites for the CTOTY than him.
I'd say Kesler is an absolute lock for DTOTY.
I'm guessing you mean MOV Perry? Well he plays the exact same as his base right now (I have both his base and MOV) because of his lack of upgrades atm. But I'd say yes he's worth it. He has one of the best shots in the game IMO and he's just 4 points away from an upgrade to 90. Better get him now before his price inflates because of that.
Perry, Getzlaf, Seguin, Parise, Bergeron, MS Kesler, Pietrangelo, Weber. Hell, you might even be able to get MOV Simmonds at 60k like I did a week ago and play him until he gets an upgrade or 2.
no worries man! sorry about you having to get rid of your team! hopefully this one turns out better and you have more fun with it!
89 Pietrangelo. Has +2 B
* Somehow get rid of Bieksa and Stoner. * Finally get a legit LW to play with Getzlaf and Perry. * Retire the numbers of Kariya and Giguere. Those all come after wanting to win the Cup of course.
If he gets a card before Selanne I'll be pissed
Haha I wasn't getting pissy I was just messing with you. Seemed like you were sleep talking to something so I had to comment to lol. But to answer the OP's question, I'd expect them to remain the same because of Kolzig being legit and having it be a pretty easy set to complete.
Stadium Bryz, MOV Andersen or MOV Gibson
Fish cry?
Kesler is going to net another epic shorty. I CAN FEEL IT IN MY KNICKERS
And his 7 head. Also it's creepy how much Lindholm's sister looks like him
Benn
This has been known for a while. Just another reason why they're great owners.
THANK YOU for saying 'grabbed' and not 'sniped'.
wow I hate you
What's your budget? And what are you looking to do?
LETS GET OUR FIRST 4 GAME WIN STREAK OF THE SEASON BOYS!
Kesler. His MOV was EASY my best player last year and this season he's having his best year since 2010-11. Probably going to win the Selke too. So bummed. It's even worse because I'm a Ducks fan and he's my favorite player in the league.
I use his MS too. I don't deke very often, especially with him so I don't really notice. He's a beast for me though with WW, PP, BS, B, CG and 1T activated.
I might be a little biased because I'm a Ducks fan but POTG Silfverberg (WW, TT) is great on my 4th line.
His MS is great for me with all the synergies I have activated.
Bought MOV Subban off him and he went above and beyond to help me out. EXTREMELY nice and patient. WILL and WOULD buy from again. Honestly will only buy from him again.
Toronto vs. Chicago
As a Ducks fan I can say this is fucking hilarious. It's Ovi and it's not even close.
Giguere. SO disappointed in him.
Oh joy now we're 1-8 in OT. Lovely.
Rather have those posts then the RATE MY TEAM posts we have 1000000000 of a day.
Well if you can't find him get 89 Pietrangelo. He's been great for me
You got Pietro for 125k? Damn IMO that's a great grab. I think I paid 170k for him AT LEAST about 2-3 weeks ago.
Good shit!
If he's still going for around 120k like when I picked him up you should grab 90 TOTW Giroux to replace Thornton with. Or 89 MS Kessel to replace Saad or Tatar with.
Maybe MOV Kucherov to replace Hall? Look something like this https://hutdb.net/17/builder/134813 EDIT: I forgot about your budget so that might not be doable.
Selanne in Game 5 of the WCF against Detroit. IMO the biggest goal in our franchise history. I still get goosebumps when I watch it. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ipqQhTG7YdY
Anaheim Duck great Brad May.
Honestly not even surprised with Maroon. I miss that guy. I just KNEW he would be great somewhere else. He was never used very well with us which sucked
