Just got to TH9 last week and I've gone with: AQ (as far as you can) Research, Camps, Spells (and now I have no elixir). AQ is a big boost on offense, but she's pretty weak from the get go. Research gets you better troops, but you also want as many as possible for your next set of raids. I'd take a slightly small TH8 sized offense, if everyone was TH9 sized ... but that takes weeks. In the mean time, I'd rather have the size of TH9 offenses (at TH8 strength) as it could be enough to two or three star a base.
Better than Payton? Yes. Better than Malone? Are you kidding? Malone was a freaking beast, right up until he got hurt. Had he not gotten hurt, the Lakers probably could have beaten the Pistons.
Start with 12oz curls. Move your way up to two 12oz curls. Soon, 16oz curls are in your future. Complete the regime with two 16oz curls.
Ballmer, ultimately, is a sales guy. Ballmer took the helm of a well entrenched engineering based company and basically rode the coat tails of what Gates left behind. During Ballmer's tenure, he did increase the value of the company (share value went up plenty), but he left a huge engineering mess behind with a number of his policies. Now that he's out of the way, MS is making some good inroads on engineering-y things that a lot of users want in this day and age. Let's hope that this updated focus will get some better products out the door and into the hands of more people.
Bumping this unit, as I'm using the same with 300/20Mb (TWC). One feature that isn't implemented: port range forwarding. It's a known requested feature and will come in a future firmware. One thing I can't get "quite right": QoS, without a performance hit. Even at 300/20Mb, I would like to put flagged traffic at lower priority. Every time I have gotten this "working", the performance hit seems quite large.
Nearly 50% in downstream, about 1% upstream. Their forums confirm that QoS doesn't use HW offloading, so QoS is a bit too CPU heavy. Considering the overall speeds coming in, QoS likely isn't a BIG deal for me. If you're getting FTTH, then the hit looks quite large.
A kiwi coming to eat all the tastiest food in LA? [Pretty much](http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/077/076/a1.jpg)
Best way I ever killed myself: flying solo in a scout and suiciding with the guided missile. It was near the end of the Neblan Flats (less than 30 seconds), with CTF. I'm flying the bird solo and a bike is approaching, I fly toward the bird (making a dive) and fire the missile. Instead of pulling up and watching the carnage, I just kept flying toward the bike. Next thing I know, I kill myself with my own missile.
Who says California wants low/unskilled labor. Before computers were being built in CA, plenty of clothing was designed and built in CA (denim is still heavily here). This manufacturing long left CA in the late 80s/early 90s and there likely won't be any push to get most of that back. The only major "plant" I'm aware of in CA is the Tesla one and I'm sure every CA representatives will sign a blank check to Mr. Musk to keep most of it in CA. California has a very unique situation where we can attract all levels of skill. Between our colleges and our companies, there is a heavy demand on highly skilled labor to design "things" -- there simply isn't a huge demand to build those "things". So many other countries have already mastered the art of building, why does CA need it back? The big companies that have left CA include big car companies: Nissan and Toyota. Nissan left to Tennessee -- not only for the low taxes, but because the manufacturing plants were already in that state (moving to Nissan also cut hundreds to thousands of jobs). Toyota is moving their main HQ to Texas, but none of their R&amp;D. They will also likely lose ~30-50% of their work force by moving (contractors to full time is nearly 2:1, they won't move any contractors). Between the tax savings of simply getting out of CA, the tax breaks that Texas will give and the sheer number of people that won't relocate (several of my neighbors work at Toyota, they aren't going), you're looking at massive savings by simply changing their PO. What I'm trying to say is: looking strictly at companies leaving California for Texas is a misnomer. You need to dig into the details as to why these companies are leaving and understand that its not JUST lower wages and tax breaks.
&gt; Of course it does, indirectly, that all trickles down. This has been an economic plan since the 80s and it has been proven that it doesn't work. &gt; You start taking large numbers of incomes out of California and you'll start seeing demand falling across the various markets, lessening the various resource demands, including unskilled labor. You're actually listing something that Californians *should* want: get more people to leave the state. People leaving from the CA (specifically in congested LA, Bay Area) would increase the number of available houses. With a surplus of housing, rents would have to be decreased to keep them filled. Los Angeles is very expensive, with no plans to build vertically and we lack affordable housing. Getting enough people to move out of LA would help reduce the costs for everyone, in LA. The numbers of jobs and people leaving from CA are in the four and maybe five figure range. CA has a population of ~18 million people and it would have to take *many* more people to leave CA before any changes were made for business taxes or incentives. Giving companies a tax break once will make them threaten to do it again -- you have to accept that if they want to move, they *will* move.
Demand does it all -- it's Econ 101. Increasing the minimum will put more money into the pockets of people. More money in their pockets (that isn't offset with higher expenses) will give them more money to spend. &gt; Shouldn't the average wage be higher than the current minimum if the demand were already there? If not, I would think that raising would only lessen demand and create a surplus of workers. The average wage *is* higher than the minimum, it's part of the definition differences between minimum and average. You're looking at the raise in minimum wage purely from a business perspective. Think about the situation if you're in the shoes of someone making the minimum -- you have MORE to spend. YOU create a higher demand, NOT the business. Now that YOU are demanding more of something, businesses will try to cater to your demands. If one businesses can't handle the demand, more will follow. Let's also remember that the minimum wages is for LA City and for businesses with &gt;=25 people. If you opened a taco restaurant (we can always use more) and are employing 25 people, your business sounds like it's healthy and thriving. Mom and pop shops that have less than 25 employees should be welcoming this sort of increase, as now they can have new customers available because there will be more demand. &gt; but I thought an increased number of businesses is what creates the demand, then in turn pulling up the wage. The opposite is actually true. Businesses satisfy a demand. If there are lots of businesses in the area, what's stopping them from lowering the wages? You increase wages because you have to hire people to supply demand. If you're over saturated in the ability to supply the demand, you don't need to pay high wages anymore and can easily let people go. If you want to push your analogy in the other direction: why not open a high end wedding cake shop in the middle of the lowest income city? You've now created business that can pay good wages (as your prices are high), but there isn't any demand in the area for your cakes with the high cost. It would make no economical sense for this, but that's where your analogy can go. (all analogies pushed to their extreme will fail)
For any and all encounters against birds, planes, light armor and infantry: you should be equipping the minigun. The only time I would ever consider equipping the cannons is if I'm dedicated against armor (splash is nice against infantry).
&gt; I’ve been trying to understand why Tesla doesn’t offer the P85 (non-D) any more Tesla's consolidation of having dual motors on all their cars is better their for manufacturing and R&amp;D -- fewer parts, the assumption can be made going forward. I'm not a car engineer, but the future for electrical vehicles will exist with at least two motors and possibly up to four (isn't the Mercedes beast with four?). With two motors, they both could be smaller than the original Model S' motor and still have the same amount of acceleration. I'd be shocked if the Model X and Model 3 come without dual motors, as it's really the best way to reduce the size of each motor, while keeping the acceleration.
Model 3 will likely benefit more from having dual motor, than without. Instead of having one really large motor (as with the model S), you can get away with two smaller motors that will still be snappy enough for a sedan to power a 0-60 time in sub 6 seconds (a "sporty" sedan). Remember, the Model 3 will likely come somewhere 20-30% overall smaller, so anything to further reduce weight will be desired.
[Single motor is already gone](http://my.teslamotors.com/models/design) With the launch of the 70D model, all shipping rides are now dual motor.
If she just started and isn't far dilated, you have time for at least a bucket and possibly 9 holes.
This was such a deadly combo in BF3, but I really don't see it often enough in BF4.
Bingo. This. In BF3, you could get a soflam up to cover roughly half of the map and someone with a JAV could cover the ENTIRE map. This combo was too powerful and BF4 feels far too weak!
Mad Men, Band of Brothers, Community and House of Cards.
SRAW was simply too good at everything. It could: 1. Hip fire. Plenty of damage via hip fire, made it viable against infantry. 2. Laser lock. Someone has a laser paint out and you could nail it with ease. 3. Slower movement made it easier to control, especially over long distances. This single rocker launcher basically was almost as strong as RPG/SMAW, had lock on capabilities like Stinger/IGLA/JAV, it provided no warning when it was incoming to any vehicle AND it could easily turn 180 degrees (if you played Lockers, people would spam the TV across three corners to basically right behind themselves). The nerf to the SRAW had made it more difficult to hit birds from large distances. I've had a better time with the spring patch and the SRAW, mostly due to the speed increase.
Scouts are not the all powerful beast they were in BF3: 1. Counter measure cool down times are nearly 3x what they were. 2. Disability hits are crushing and happen once an AA lands. 3. Mini guns no longer damage armor, so you have to avoid them at ALL costs. 4. Repair time has drastically been increased. You need two repair engineers to be the same speed as one engineer in BF3. Let's list all the ways to remove the Scout: 1. AA missiles. You need more than one, but dumb pilots are EASY to remove if you have two AA missiles. 2. Tanks. Sabot is your friend. 3. Lasers + JAV 4. RPG/SMAW The Scout bird is only really effective in maps with heavy amounts of cover. Once you get into Dam or Golmund, the birds are way less effective. I am both a pilot and a remover of these birds -- if I'm not flying in one, I'm quickly removing whatever is up in the sky.
The ones that go 54-2 are ones that are utilizing team play with at least a single repair guy and usually a second. Scout piloting is hard. Living in a scout takes both piloting, situational awareness and knowing when to GTFO. How about all the tank videos with the same kill steaks? Every one of them have both a pilot and gunner, usually having a repair guy right next to them as well -- why are you asking for tanks to also get the nerf hammer? Piloting is difficult. Living in those birds is even MORE difficult. The only maps that have insane kill streaks are the ones with copious cover. Get those birds out in the open and they are very easy to remove from the battlefield. If piloting was so easy to get those massive kill streaks, everyone would do it.
Tee off before 7AM and it will only be 5 hours! Regular there, a great course.
Mostly straight forward course, but a lot of bunkers.
Just about every time Don goes and does "Dick things", he ends up getting hurt. Hitchhiker couple? He takes a roofie, they steal his wallet. In the latest series, his car breaks down, he donates money and the locals beat him the F up. There is a sense of safety in NYC, with Don. He's respected, he's well known, his chiseled face is something to behold and it's well recognized. Don belongs in Gotham, he doesn't belong anywhere else but there. As soon as Dick shows up, he's bound to get slapped back down to where he belongs -- at the bottom. Don't affinity for picking up hitchhikers is a reflection of what he initially felt -- alone, without a cause.
The Roadster as it was? No. The Roadster as a brand new incarnation? Yes. There will come a time when their R&amp;D wants to completely start over and release a small coupe with everything Tesla has to offer. Starting from scratch is the "Tesla way" and they'll definitely come back to it down the line. For now, let's bug them to complete the Model X and Model 3 -- there is a massive line of people ready for electric car adoption, let's satisfy this need first!
[Just missing one item...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Ix7jqxXQ2I&amp;t=15)
Without ever really having my own swing, I watched the videos provided and went with a typical bucket at my range today with the A swing in mind. Typically I warm up with pitching and chipping, but I just skipped it and went right into full swings. First few shots were flush, I couldn't believe it. The biggest change seemed to be shortening my backswing and letting the club fall into the slot. With the A swing, I don't necessarily make a more conscience effort to swing more upright, but I *do* have to think about letting the club head fall to get into the slot. My good shots were roughly the same distance and possibly a little longer than my previous swing and my mishits weren't as bad with the slice. The best thing about this, it was really hard for me to hook the ball, so it could at least eliminate half of my potential misses. Am I a believer? Possibly. Would I now buy his book? Yup, it'll be arriving shortly.
The book is definitely coming my way. This swing somewhat feels like my "old" swing (strong left grip, weak right), but I'm still having issues with getting the club's head to "drop" into plane. When I'm relaxed it feels effortless. When I'm loose and want to rip it, then I'm back to swinging over the top because I never let the head fall. The book apparently has drills, I'm eager to read about them.
He didn't say it tasted like champagne, as he originally stated he would in the first FIFA video.
As a user and owner of these, I can emphatically say that this will NOT be the future for all fighting games (let alone the SF series). These are things that are much easier for me to do on HB: - Insta air things. Specifically, things that don't have a height requirement. - Comboing into Akuma's U2. Just spam the buttons and you're good to go. - Charge motions. - QCF/HCF and dashing feel "faster". ymmv. - FADC things *are* faster, but I haven't quite mastered the timing for it. - 360 motions are great! It's a three button pressing: F, B, D+U+attack. Once you learn the timing on this, it feels sneaky. Things not so bueno: - Tiring. After an hour or so, my left hand is definitely tired. I've played many hours at a time, but I'm simply not as comfy with it, compared to a stick. Potentially a "lefty" version would play better for me, not sure. - SRK motions don't feel as fast. You can go F,D,F+P on the HB, but it feels slower than a 'stick with the "wiggle" motion. The shortcut can be helpful, but it's also tiring to hold down a button and then double tapping. - 720 motions are 100% difficult. Yes, I've watch the tutorial. Yes, I've put practice into this motion. I simply can't. - "Zig zag" motions (guile/blank ultra/super) are a little difficult than a stick. While I can do them on both sides, I definitely prefer it on a 'stick. There are a few characters I feel GREAT with playing and a few that I 100% avoid (typically grapplers that need/have a 720 motion). Then there are characters I like to play, but are simply tiring to play with (divekick and charge characters, specifically). In addition to what I posted above, the SF4 engine doesn't handle HBs all too well: - There is a lot of height restriction on moves, so you're not going to insta air everything. Gouken's tatsu is a terrible move, but the insta air makes it viable -- shame it has a height restriction. - Leniency on inputs can still cause moves you don't want to come out. While I *like* the controller, there are definitely trade offs. Some have adapted very well to using one and I've given nearly 2+ years of using it on a weekly basis to understand my own limitations.
Hit up your local golf store and buy something there that will give you a free subscription. For at least three years, I haven't paid for my subscriptions and they keep coming in the mail.
When he said that, I firmly expected his hands to lower to Winger's rear. Winger would then bat it away and then the Dean would then go for a squeeze.
One thing I've noticed with the sweeper: it can help healers out. If I see a sweeper positioned in one area, I'm targeting that area for my ground forces. Once they start getting hit, I'll throw out my healers and now I've got an even larger buffer zone for the healers to do their thing, without the ADs wrecking them as fast. This isn't *all* bases and all situations, but it has happened on a few raids.
That's about my 6i. It's a shame I put so much spin on the ball -- it easily rolls back about 100 yards.
Feather seem to nick me more often than any other blade. Same prep, same cream, same razor, etc.
The question isn't just 4 or 6 cores, it's the platform you're buying into. Getting into Z79 gives you 4 cores and a few years of upgrades. Not all boards will have enough PCIe lanes for three way SLI, not all boards have on board m2 slots, etc. Going with x99 gives you more cores, more PCIe lanes and more of these boards have m2 on them. x99 also gets you into DDR4, which is where Intel is going, period. My platform is Z79 from 2012 and I don't have an need to upgrade the CPU, yet. I don't envision getting into a new platform for at least 2 years (likely swapping out the GPU with Nvidia's Pascal).
Mayo, spicy mustard, spoon.
CQ is the DLC that convinced me that BF3 was a significantly better "gun" game than anything else before it. I'd love for another BF title to have this mode and a few of those maps, but I truly want more destruction to help remove/stop some specific choke points that ended up being the strategy for a few of those maps.
My tablet has started to double tap. It's been an expensive mistake, recently.
As a Goro player, I know the feeling of having huge mobility, good pokes AND command grabs from pokes. Nothing was more hilarious in KOF 94 when you could jump in with Goro, land six jabs and then super! Balancing the attacks are key to having this kind of offensive power: lack of range, lack of power, lack of speed, etc.
Bandwidth on sat communications is huge. Coverage via sat is also huge. Latency is what sucks, but that is only important for a portion of what the net is currently used for. At worst, you're looking at 1.5 seconds (1500ms) of time between a request and response. With high bandwidth, it's enough to play youtube videos (not in HD), read your email and update your status on bookface. When I was dealing with sat (early 2000s), you could get the entire trip to just under 800ms, but that was under some ideal conditions. There are plenty of companies using sat communications (lots of gas stations with a CC component), they simply don't rely on it for low latency use.
And this is why we have six hour rounds.
&gt; I shouldnt have to worry about drivers though right since the hardware already has had its drivers installed? If you're doing a clean install, you're going to need to install your drivers, again.
What I want in a grappler: - Clean AA. QCF+P and the timing is relatively lenient. - Some near full screen move that prevents projectile spam from constantly pinning me back. Think Viper's ground attack. - Mobility. Even if this grappler is "large", the dashing and/or roll gets them the stage. For SF5's game system: 1. Stay without 360/720 motions. QCF/B is plenty fine, especially if you're doing 2x of them. 2. Allow for special grabs to grab while characters are in hitstun. As an attacker, you can jump in with an attack, get a few pokes and then special grab them.
Basically, I want [Goro](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fLk73y4PJaE) in the SF series. This video makes him look OP, but he was well balanced within the game system: well spaced projectiles were an issue, his jump was terrible, fast poke characters were a PITA, etc. Omega Hugo has a slew of these items and he's not considered OP (or no one is playing Omega).
MobaXterm is the only Windows app that supports Mosh.
Team #WhiteWalker checking in. Looks like all of your hope and saviors are gone, it's about time we make an appearance.
You'll be looking at the 19th hole soon enough. If you're lucky, even the 20th!
Bacon wrapped hot dogs. Since you're putting it on a shirt, the visual will work out quite well.
Bought! Now time to find a proper tub.
&gt; Does anyone know of any faster ways to get to the park? Rent a car for a day. The distance is ~33 miles and is at least a 45 minute drive (with no traffic). Getting through the sections of LA/OC you need to, with public transportation, is quite a challenge.
Lil Bird is practically unfair to fly against, if you're in the Z11.
It would have to behave the same or better than real grass, consistently.
From a player's perspective, it would have to relate to how consistently it holds full iron shots, pitch shots and chip shots.
Title is misleading. It should be: I made it, I photographed it, I ate it, I posted it.
My Mizuno's last two irons are a PW (45) and AW (50). My additional wedges are 52/56/60 (Cleveland CG14). While there isn't a big gap between 50/52, I've also got them reshafted with R flex wedge shafts vs. the S flex in the iron set.
Removing 15 trillion from our budget? Ok, I understand the reasons for doing this. Now where are the 15 trillion in cuts? The the model for the government is from businesses, this sort of proposal would get you laughed out of the boardroom.
What would be his nickname? yesus? yesus420yolo?
A fully charged TAP and Ultra juggle can kill at LEAST Seth and possibly Akuma. Rog's TAP is one of the better tools to use against Akuma, so be warned!
100k/year is fine. It will more depend on where you work and what commute you're willing to deal with.
Brian?
BF2 was many hours of fun. I still have my DVD for it, but there is no way for it to import the game/key into Origin or any other service, shame!
The amount of time dedicated to working at SpaceX jives with multiple I've known in the industry and that were former employee's there. Three people I know couldn't handle the hours (one contractor, one employee) and both left around a year or just under.
Comparing Windows' install to a linux install is a completely different world of design goals. &gt; Locked to a tiny resolution With the sheer multitude of graphic cards available in the world, choosing 640x480 for just the install isn't a big deal. Windows' goal is to quickly get you into the desktop and having some native resolution isn't going of any real benefit. &gt; Bundles absolutely no software but the install script itself What do you even mean here? Operating systems involve managing things like userland, network stack, storage, etc. Window installs several pieces of software that are incredibly useful: Internet Explorer (how else am I going to download Chrome?), notepad, cmd.exe, etc. Most of the linux installers I deal with install next to nothing on boot (Ubuntu Server, Debian, CentOS, etc) and I have to go get them once the OS is installed and network has started. &gt; Lacks drivers upon the first boot What drivers are you talking about? Are you talking a high end RAID card? Video? Sound? Networking? I can give you several examples where a stock CentOS install won't find specific pieces of equipment. All most want with a Windows install is to find the networking card -- so we can finish up whatever is left. &gt; Awful partition utility (although you can get by with shift+F10 and diskpart) Windows Vista+ installer allows you to create several partitions off individual drives without needing diskpart. What specific partitioning needs do you have that aren't feasible under Windows' GUI install? Remember: Windows' goal is to get onto your drive and be your primary OS. If you have needs beyond this, you simply need to plan accordingly. &gt; Buggy as hell! Windows 7 has failed to install on any machine with at least one SSD and one HDD I've tried. It also randomly fails if you plug it into a USB 3 slot. Out of the tens of millions of Windows' installs, there aren't nearly this many instances where it will fail. Windows will NOT install onto USB drives, it will only accept a drive that doesn't appear removable (a design decision kept since the Windows 9x world). Windows will never easily be installed onto a bootable drive (can be done, but with a lot of work) and this is well documented. Linux is meant to fit into so many different needs and roles -- that's why it's install is significantly more flexible. Windows is meant to be your primary OS and will play nice ... when possible.
&gt; Not a problem[1] . Windows uses the VESA standards for it's graphical installers. It started with a whopping 640x480, moved up to 800x600 and finally stepped up their game with 1024x768. Why bother even trying to get native resolution when the installer works with keyboard hotkeys? &gt; I am talking about the software bundled with the installation media. Essentially more than just the install script itself. Windows' installer is fully scriptable to the point where you put the install key, activate and install other software. [Link](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/aa372865\(v=vs.85\).aspx) If you would like to change your Windows install, have at it. &gt; Or provide yourself with the appropriate tools. You assume I have intrinsic knowledge of the machine I'm about to install Windows on. What tool do you need? During the Windows install, you can provide another drive with drivers for the RAID card you need to install. The only thing Windows want to do is install to your drive, period. All other things beyond where to install to aren't important and can be handled after the reboots. &gt; Because the overwhelming majority of those are installed by OEMs onto standardized hardware. Trust me, they have much better tools to work with than just a USB drive and they absolutely do not run the Windows installer in the typical manner. As I linked up above, the Windows installer can be fully customizable. Take your install ISO, extract the files and rebuild your own ISO so that it fits your needs. Corporations have specific needs, OEMs have completely different needs and it sounds like you have your own needs. 99.999% of the end users do not have the same needs. &gt; Also, "works on my machine" is never a pertinent argument to make. How many machines have you installed Windows7 on? I've got a few hundred under my belt (volunteer at a local school district) and all of them were able to install Windows 7 without any issues. The only machines that had issues (most machines were donated) with the installer were ones with RAID cards (use drivers) or EFI related BIOS (setting to legacy boot) items. Windows' install decisions were built around one thing: install as soon as possible, so the user can use the GUI to complete the rest. Because of this design decision, the only real limitation for the installer is finding valid, non-removable disks. Previous Windows installers did all sorts of things with video, audio and networking -- all have been dropped to make the real dependency related to finding local disk.
&gt; I get a weird vibe from these posts. Some kind of "I don't personally need X so I don't see why anybody else would" mentality. Please understand that I've been installing Windows on machines since the mid 90s. My installation experience has been via scripted (Corporate installs), netboot, floppy disks, DVD and USB sticks. For the longest period of time, Windows' installer has had one goal in mind: get Windows onto your machine with as few clicks as necessary. &gt; A web browser. A file manager. A hardware monitor. Just about any damn thing you can think of. These are nice to haves, but not important for an install (ihmo). All I want for Windows is to find the disk, update the MBR and start the multitude of reboots to complete the setup. &gt; Why not provide a GUI to complete the rest as soon as possible? This is Mr and Missus everybody we're talking about. Windows *is* providing you a GUI as soon as possible: you just need to reboot to do it. I get it, you want Windows installers to be more like Linux Distro installers that are GUI based. *I* want the Windows install to have even fewer clicks/key presses to install -- just get me to the disk selection and hurry up for the GUI. Did you knows that one of the oldest Solaris x86 installs didn't even prompts? You put in the CD/DVD and it takes the first disk, partitions and begins the install. If you had some data or OS on that first drive, it was a GONER. &gt; Let's not for a split second delude ourselves into believing the Windows installer is anything more than mediocre and barely sufficient. Windows installer is mediocre, but it was never meant to be a power user's tool. All Microsoft wants to do with the installer is find your disk, install Windows and get you to a GUI to complete the rest. With that design goal in mind, it's perfectly fine.
&gt; What are the major downsides to them? 1. Weight. 2. Size (specifically, depth). 3. Geometry un-uniformity. 4. Custom calibration for all the different resolutions with respect to geometry, refresh rate, etc. 5. They *will* get blurry.
Attack birds and Scout birds? Sweet! Could we also get transport birds in there as well?
Replay the 2002 Western Conference Finals.
&gt; So now artists get to happily go back to being paid next to nothing for their work What do *you* define as proper compensation for an artists work? The RIAA and labels have their own definition, to which plenty of artists have agreed to those terms. Every song out there has a myriad of pieces that need to get paid: 1. Studio time. 2. Producers. 3. Mixers. 4. Writers. 5. Performers (album and live are different, but we'll treat them the same in this argument). Independent artists have little funds to rent studio time, hire producers, mixers and may be the only one performing the music for any given track or album -- this is why they seek representation from labels for their work. Once they have representation, they can ask for loans to hire out the necessary people to finish their recordings. Given all the people I listed, how much should Taylor Swift be making on her most recent single "Bad Blood"? Clearly, she's performing on that track, check. Did she write it? Did she produce (fund) it? Did she record it in her own studio? Did she mix it? How about the other musicians that played on that track ... where is their compensation? If I'm looking at this correctly, Taylor Swift may "only" be 1/5th of the team it took to get that ONE single out to the masses. Before we even try to calculate how much her one performance is worth, let's also forget the 800lb gorilla in the room: marketing. Taylor Swift's face, name and voice is all over the place! Imagine if she wasn't a household name and still had this single -- it likely wouldn't be nearly as popular. Artists have a choice with their work. Sign and they gain access to funds, marketing and a slew of resources to help bring their work to the masses. Not sign and it will be entirely up to them (financially) to get their work out the the masses. Contracts with the labels have been WELL scrutinized for 30+ years, it's very difficult to hide anything in them (anymore).
Two keys to flying that bird: 1. Fly in third person as much as possible. 2. This bird is poor with momentum, unlike the AH and Scout. When I do pilot this bad boy, I'm in third person a lot and tend to loiter over positions because it's climbing/descent speed is terrible, while it's turning is VERY good.
My tendency with the driver (warmed up or not) tends to be "go at it hard" and that causes my timing to mess up. Usually when my timing is off, the path is inside out, I don't rotate my hips (will usually sway) or shoulders enough through the ball. My warm up is generally a reminder of: turn the hips, stop at the top, turn the hips again and hold my right arm to my side as I'm swinging through. The more I remind myself to do *all* of those things, generally I have better results.
If the top 1% spent %s of income the same way that the lowest 1% did, then maybe minimum wage would be fine -- because there would be SO MANY people employed. The richest 1% don't spend nearly the same %s of their income on food, gas, rent, etc. Imagine if a pro sports player spent 90+% of their incoming food, gas and rent (building NO equity) -- they would practically fund entire neighborhoods. There has to be a ceiling of income where you simply cannot consume that many goods or services, for the rest of your life.
What are the Lakers' picks in 2016? If we have possible picks in 1-3, it's almost a guarantee another Coach Scott tanking season is incoming.
Instead of $999.99 for flag ship, it's likely going to be $999.98.
Taxi's aren't the problem, it's the laws. If you're a taxi driver, you need to pay for a license to drive professionally. In order to keep this license, you need specific and clear markings on your car, insurance, etc. These are all mandated by the government, no real way to get around it. This situation is no different in the states (the cost is very high in NYC). Uber is providing a service that costs less because it skirts virtually *every* law that was put in place to protect consumers -- hence why it's cheaper than traditional taxi's. What Uber is doing is providing a transportation service that is better than traditional cabs. It would take very little work (ihmo) for cabs to adopt a model where it was 10x easier to get a taxi to come to pick you up, they simply haven't adopted with the times.
&gt; So Uber is going against the customer protection by loopholing laws and you want taxis to do the same. Yes. Uber is completely bypassing local laws designed around this business. &gt; Seems Uber Pop is the shit tier service. Uber Pop (in EU, at least) is the unlicensed driver service that is getting the ban hammer because it works with unlicensed services. When most people hear and think of "Uber", they are thinking simple of "transportation" and don't necessarily care if it's licensed or not. The one thing I can give credit to Uber for: building a better service model. Taxi (currently) are relatively poor are getting you service when and where you want it. Uber solves this via apps and unlicensed drivers help fill in the time gaps that traditional taxi's do not offer (not economically feasible to service all of many cities).
Which does Capcom allow for multiple's of first: V-Skill or V-Trigger. If I was a betting man, multiple V-Trigger's will come in a year+ from release.
Steak sammiches are one glorious way to eat steak leftovers. While you had it in a main dish, I applaud that as well! Never buy just enough protein to feed yourself, always have just a bit more and have some rice (for fried rice) or bread ready for the leftovers!
Just remember that for handicapping purposes, you stop counting at 8. I've got a base rule of being done with a hole a double par: tolerable on par 3s, ugh on par4s and painful on par5s.
Looks like I'm playing from the whites/silvers with the rating/slope combo. Can't wait to play, looks like a nice course!
&gt; My main concern with choosing clubs is control. I want to be able to hit the ball straight. This is a path issue, not a shaft stiffness issue. Your listed swing speeds of the driver are right in between R and S stiffness. Some shafts will easily have you in R and others will have you starting off in S stiffness. &gt; I'm happy with my distance which is 250 on a good drive At around 100mph, this is about the max drive distance you're going to get. I swing at around that speed and had a few 250 yard "bombs" yesterday. &gt; If I have to sacrifice 20 yards of distance for more control then I'll still come out ahead in the long run. Until you are absolutely dedicated to a workout routine to get your swing speeds much faster (we're talking 110/115+, which is crazy fast), the differences in the shaft are going to make nearly that much difference. The most common thing from a shaft that isn't stiff enough are the ball going really high into the air with both slices and hooks. You've indicated you're slicing the ball often, this indicates a path+face problem and not a shaft problem. &gt; Which from what I have found on other forums will be the result with a stiffer club. Is that information accurate? Golf is heavily about "feel". If you don't like the "feel" of something, it gets in your head and your confidence goes to shit, making you perform poorly. Having confidence in your equipment (aided by "feel") will make you perform better. Many golfers prefer the "feel" of a S club, but their performance could likely be better with an R instead (possibly with more weight in the shaft). What I'm saying to you is: at the swing speeds you're listing, the differences in those shafts won't make a dramatic difference. It's probably better than you fix your path+face issues, as that's the real cause of your slice.
&gt; Most of my information has come from the Dick's Sporting Goods sales rep, who as I am realizing more and more with each comment is not a pro. Sales reps aren't pro fitters, they are there to push merchandise. &gt; I was not expecting to buy new clubs and get instantly better, but I do hope that the right clubs can help me get better faster. A professional fitting will definitely help you out with that. Once you can fix your slice, then consider getting a professional fitting as you may find that S or R (with specific shafts) are going to be a great fit for you.
&gt; When you get repaired in a tank, always drive away so that the engineer can't help you anymore and the fight is fair for your opponent. Sometimes I wish there was an audio or video queue to tell you to sit still for that rep, possibly a count down until that repair is complete. There are times when I'm sitting still because of the repair, but then I quickly need to GTFO when the heat is incoming -- I didn't mean to NOT accept your repair, but the next set of rockets would have nullified your torch.
&gt; Virtual DVR. Instead of making me pay for a capacity-limited physical DVR in my home and deal with picking things to record, they could have recorded everything at their end and made it available to me on-demand on both the TV and computer. This exists in very restricted manners. DirecTV has this, but only for the shows allowed to be streamed (again, it's a license issue). I'm sure other providers have the same as well. The reality is: it's merely a wrapper for the already existing IP streaming service between DirecTV and the content owner.
Can someone please explain to me why citizens of a specific state cannot purchase the same health insurance, as their state or local representatives? If my tax dollars are going to their paycheck and insurance, why can I also not use the same resources?
This is best description I can give for what I saw yesterday during my round. 1. Stand up tall. 2. Grip club. 3. Lift the driver above your head (arms should reach the sky). 4. Turn the club 90 degrees to your right. 5. Begin your down swing. 6. Finish on JUST your left leg. Show that you finished on your left by hopping on your left foot, for a few hops. This is what I witnessed yesterday, for my round of 18 holes. No clue how the guy squared the face to the ball, but he was hitting drives around 220-230.
DJ is likely going to leave, as the Clippers don't have the cap space to sign him. This is a business and unless their new owner really opens the wallet, there are FAR greener pastures out there. Let's say the Clipper did resign to a big contract: how does it help their paper thin bench? DJ could tie up tons of cash for years, the Clippers won't have anyone around to help when the starters get tired and then all the star FAs will leave because there isn't a change they will be playing in the finals for more than the first round.
The paint is plenty big. It's not like they are both Shaq sized.
New resources to farm!
&gt; Swing your club like a putter. This is the most consistent chipping technique I've used, but it lacks one item that other techniques have: stopping power. When I want a quick bump and don't mind the roll out, then using my 56 wedge and swinging like a putter will produce roughly what I'm looking for. There are times when I *want* stopping power and this technique simply doesn't fit.
[Phil's technique](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q4DevROGzXM) This isn't necessarily easy for all (I find Pelz's easier, but not enough stopping power), but it's worked better when I *want* spin.
Slants don't do as well when you want a very specific straight edge (side burns, specifically). I tend to get another razor out just for these spots.
&gt; We need more housing and density These are solved by going vertical -- this is easy. What this doesn't solve: traffic and congestion. In LA, the public transportation is not ubiquitous (and efficient) enough for everyone to be utilizing it (my commute is 22 miles, this is 3-4 hours with current public transportation). Even with additional public transportation that is incoming, it would not solve my *current* commute. More efficient public transportation is NOT easy in LA: geography of the land, overall size, number of different routes, etc. We simply cannot build more homes without having transportation available.
I, for one, welcome our autonomous driving overlords. Autonomous driving has been around the corner for quite some time. It won't be until we get several players in this market, billions of miles of R&amp;D and a bit of laws sorted out before it truly will be "here". Make no mistake about it, I also believe there will be a time when we're all paying a monthly fee for driving, but I also don't envision it will be here for everyone within at *least* a decade.
&gt; Dude theres literally multiple rail lines (both light and heavy) under construction as well as a multitude of freeway and street improvements.It's literally never enough for NIMBYs. You can take my commute from the South Bay to the West Side and put THAT into the rail line commute (lol). How many north/south rail lines are there between THAT route? NONE. If you live in DTLA, then there are a multitude of ways to get around, but not from where I am. There are a few specific areas where you can work in LA and be comfy with between the rail lines, but I'm (unfortunately) not close to anything of use.
Liked EP7, but there were too many things that just felt ... lazy. Star Killer. Seriously? Best you could do was come up with Death Star 3.0? Almost identical way to blow it up as well. Seriously. Kylo took off his helmet way too soon. Once he did that, his mystique was gone. Should have stayed on until near the very end. The foreshadowing of the last dramatic bit was too much. Totally obvious it was going to happen, by whom and where. Ending was piss poorly handled and I'm sure they shot several different variations. The movie should have ended with the Falcon just taking off OR a bit more dialog should have happened. Instead, we get all these cool scenery pieces for ... a helicopter camera angle? Lame. Disney easily told JJ not to take too many risks and he succeeded. Was it EP7 fun? Yes. Was it a good way to bring a newer audience into the Star Wars world? Yes. Does it make me want to see EP8? YES. Was it just a bit lazy with all the rehashed elements? Yes.
Big fan of the KOF system and definitely liked the optional things that were done with the CvS system.
Things I will miss: * Flashy combos. * FADC being a powerful game mechanic. * Bipson s.HK. Things I won't miss: * 1F links being absolutely required for some BnBs (play Rufus without it, go for it). * Incredibly powerful dive kick setups. * FADC being too powerful as a game mechanic. * Option selects. Yes, they HAVE existed in the past, but not like this. * Vortex setups.
After hitting a G30 a few months back (and carrying that damned gulley), I'm very interested in the stats for this bad boy.
Chargers and Rams, then the stadium's naming rights can be sold to Dodge.
I'm usually going to "save" a few things I like for round 3: overheads, more grab setups, punishes I didn't make before, FADCs (usually from normals) that I didn't use before. Some of the best conditioning I've done is playing as Rufus and getting everyone prepped for a dive kick setup once I've scored a knock down. Once they are fully prepped for the dive kick mix up, I go for his silly overhead and that usually throws them off their game so some basic setups are throwing them "off".
Damn peacocks come to my home too, making tons of noise and eating my fruit. These birds are not easily intimidated to leave.
Stock chip? Not over clocking? Stock cooler is going to be plenty fine. Would another cooler be quieter? Yes. Will your GPU be noisier than your CPU? Very likely!
Would give up my LA rights for this suitcase.
&gt; Is it a bad idea to buy a driver that I saw on Rockbottom golf and then potentially get it fitted later? While I'm a fan of Rockbottom, go to your local golf store that sells used drivers and go hit them. Even without a proper fitting, you can hit a few different ones to get a feel of performance, sound, looks, etc. &gt; Should I just go in an get fitted and buy from the store? I'd rather not waste money if I don't need to. Get a year+ old ... something. Ping is just releasing their new drivers, so their G30 and G25s are going to be on sale and possibly already in the used section of your local used golf mega mart. Get into the trackman and find something you enjoy.
&gt; I need a strategy guide against zangief any help much appreciated? Gief has a tough as hell time against the MP fireball. Your basic goto against Gief is to toss fireballs and that MP fireball is the one that really gives him fits. HP fireball isn't too bad either (esp when he's closer to the corner), but he can stand still or GH to get up on you. Great tools against Gief are: s.MK, s.HP. Your goal is to keep Gief out and he really can't do much against those normals once he's blocked. c.HK is a great tool against Gief, as most players want to walk forward (to prep for GH use) and the sweep is insanely fast. IHMO, the MU is likely 6-4/5.5-4.5 in Gouken's favor.
Inglewood is incredibly dense and is right near LAX's wrath of traffic hell. Make no mistake about it, Inglewood may be better for those flying in, but it will be terrible for anyone local. Carson is right next to the 405, 110 and 91 (while not too far from 710) -- definitely more accessible for more people. In addition to being better for the (current) freeways, there is also much more available land to develop on.
Would love to play Riviera and LACC! These are the two in LA that I'd do many things to play.
Electric cars are *all* about that lease! You're paying a fraction of the overall price AND the impending battery issue isn't YOUR problem. Pennies to recharge at home? EV cars are VERY viable when you meet the "right" conditions.
Between the different brands of cars I've owned, the Accord V6 engine and transmission was my favorite of them all. There is just something simple and appealing when it's incredibly consistent, I miss it so. I went from my Acura CL to a Lexus IS and I dearly miss what and how Honda deals with the gearing. Almost without a doubt my next ride will go right back to a Honda V6.
Been using this for about a day: very fast, very responsive. Free version downloads only linux ISOs, whereas the pay version will allow for any ISO. Definitely feels snappier than VirtualBox (which isn't saying much), well worth a few hours if you haven't paid for the commercial products. I'm very interested on how well this works with Docker-like things, port mapping, disk redirection, etc.
&gt; http://technodrone.blogspot.com/2016/01/native-mac-osx-virtualization-with.html This is the post that I found that led me to it! Lots of great potential here, very good stuff.
Apple's Hypervisor.framework lacks several features that other OSes have (USB pass through, GPU pass through, etc), so it's really NOT ready for *everyone*.
Two setups with my Ogio bag. While riding: Closest to me (while standing behind cart, left to right): 52/56/60 wedge and putter. Next compartment further from me (left to right): 6i through PW. Compartment furthest from me (left to right): driver, 3W, 4H, 5H While walking and using Clicgear: reverse the compartments to put the woods "on top", as they are easier to reach. If I don't do this, then the woods tend to get in the way of the mesh pocket and compartment.
Heavy hog raids. 30 hogs and the rest filled with Minions for cleanup.
Once I joined an HC server on Shanghai. Spawn in the gunner seat to find that my pilot has me at gun level where the elevator comes to the top, filled with enemies. 14 kills in less than a minute? I could hardly contain myself excitement with so many targets.
Would love to see how well an NFL o-lineman would do in Sumo (given about a year of training). Take a peak 20 y/o o-lineman and get him in that ring to see what happens.
Make no mistake: I firmly believe that! What I still would like to see is a well conditioned O-line player that trains for about a year on this. O-line players basically live for these situations, have the necessary hefty weight required for the job AND have the needed endurance for said sport. What they lack is training and I'd love to see what a motivated NFL-caliber player could do in Sumo.
AKA Attack Chopper's play pen. If Dawnbreaker didn't have jets or MAA, that map would also be another Attack Chopper's play pen.
If Joel didn't call Jim ... Dean during this, I'd be disappointed.
The only reason why that's possible is due to having an MAA and plane flying through -- they tend to easily hit the AH due to their lack of mobility (compared to the SH). I've played hundreds of hours in both birds and the SH is a much better bird up close. Once a decent gunner is in the seat of an AH, the SH doesn't stand a chance.
Move to an area where great golf is year round (likely FL), buy a home on a private course, and just start playing all the time.
Tiger's big domination heavily came in the form of health and fitness. Yes, there were players before him that took fitness to the next level (Gary Player, etc), but Tiger's combo of both fitness *and* the mental pieces that is required in golf is really what got him to make those clutch chips and putts. Today's pros have taken their fitness to the next level. They didn't all of a sudden start going to the gym because of seeing someone else, they've been doing the work since before they were pros -- because that's the only way to succeed at a high level. There are some pros that haven't adhered to the level of fitness, but they definitely seem like the minority. Definitely want Tiger back in the mix of competitive golf. I *want* to see the look on his face when he's hungry and eager.
Learning how to cook and teaching the value of home cooking is an incredibly powerful life skill. There is nothing better than walking into the grocery store and being incredibly confident that you can easily feed yourself (and family) on the cheap, while providing good nutrition.
What makes it tough? The execution of the move, the timing of when to initiate it?
[Comparison between G and G30](http://www.golfwrx.com/344600/review-ping-g-g-ls-tec-and-g-sf-tec-drivers/) Looks like if you already have a G30, then the new stuff isn't going to make much of a difference. I'm sure with proper fitting the G will likely do better, so take this article with a grain of salt.
Mark Crossfield was explicit with these drivers not being fitted for him and his friend. The LS driver was much better for both of them and there is probably a bit more performance to eek out with a proper shaft and loft fitting.
PCB, wiring, and buttons are going to run you near $100. Some box to house it? You can get by with all sorts of things (plastic container with a flat top), but you're going to want heft with the device.
You're going to want some [PCB](http://www.focusattack.com/akishop-ps360-multi-console-joystick-pcb/) Unless you're ripping apart an existing controller.
Always bring a different color ball for when your landing zone may be near the driving range. For just that reason, I have some yellow Srixon's in my bag that get used a few times every year.
While DTLA was my favored location (several rail lines), I'm annoyed that it's now out of favor. Inglewood location is close to the 105 (LAX) and 405 -- likely the preferred spot due for owners. I'm *not* fond of this location due to how incredibly busy it already is. Forget the fact that only eight home games will be played here, the stadium will be multi use and will be hosting PLENTY of other events throughout the year. Carson is my preferred location. Close to the 91/405/110 (710 and 605 are also fairly close), lots of open space and it's really not THAT far from LAX. Getting in and out of Carson is FAR easier than anything near LAX and everyone in LA knows this.
There are a few stations not too far from Carson, but you are right: it's immediately lacking transportation. Inglewood isn't better: when the Crenshaw line opens (2019?), it will be about a mile from the stadium. DTLA had many different ways in and the existing line dropped you off across the street.
&gt; Even if there is a shuttle or something, that negates some of the traffic reduction benefits public transpo could have helped. Shuttles have already been talked about for Inglewood and Carson. The thing is: we're YEARS away from the lines completing, it's embarrassing. Why NOT embrace what LA is (cars) and go to Carson without all the public transportation. Anaheim Angels' have an amazing route in and out of their stadium (use carpool, seriously) with the freeways, why not do the same in Carson? Inglewood is closer to LAX and Hawthorne airports, making it the most prime location for everyone that has the money (owners). Make no mistake about it, my preference is Carson and they are going to set their guns for Inglewood.
Buy fewer things.
The 405/105 can handle only so much!
Just about every stick you can buy is going to work with PCs. If you go with a custom stick, many of them are using PS360+ and they are all PC compatible. The only time it's been an issue is with slightly older sticks and non Intel chipsets.
&gt; But I do wish that the NFL didn't claim to be a non-profit business! The NFL is a non profit business for the following reasons: 1. The league is funded via post taxed dollars that the owners collect from advertising revenue, stadium revenue, licensing agreements, etc. 2. Every team is taxed, every stadium is taxed, every player is taxed. How much they are taxed (each) is all about how good their accountants set them up to be. Make no mistake, everyone is getting their share (owners, players, IRS, etc). 3. Each team is an individual corporation, owned by people that having different voting rights, etc. Because each corporation wants their revenue to grow, they have given up some individual rights to the league (run by the commish) in order to help grow it for everyone. Every professional sports league is setup in the same way: every team is responsible to pay the players, every player is responsible for their taxes and a portion of post taxed dollars goes to run the league itself -- for the better of everyone. The actual NFL league offices are in NY and LA, where they likely employ fewer people than what it takes to run a stadium (and team). Any money generated by the league itself (NOT any individual team) is VERY small -- show me someone that actually bought a non team specific hat/shirt/jersey.
In with this!
Non profit requires a lot of transparency associated with salaries of people, retirement pieces, etc. It also affects how they conduct business when it comes to travel and travel arrangements -- a huge pain when it's a significant part of their business. The league dropped their non profit status in 2015 for many reasons. I'm merely pointing out what the "non profit" really means when it comes to a professional sporting league. Many people misinterpret what the league does, how it operates, why it's a "non profit", etc.
Medic class shouldn't have the best ARs in the game. With BC titles, the Medic has all the support guns instead of the M416, AEK, etc. Because of this change, the medic is a much better player to sit back a bit, provide supporting fire and becomes a mobile spawn/healing point vs. the run-n-gun machine that they currently are.
&gt; So, tee time is booked for 11 tomorrow, and we're ready to go. What is the most important thing to ensure I have the best round I can, and the best day out into the bargain? Keep pace. Relax. Keep pace. Bring a lot of extra golf balls. Keep pace. Be prepared to pick up your ball after back to back bad shots. Keep pace. Be mindful of where your misses are and play accordingly. Keep pace.
When the Cubs win the world series.
What resource will the Loot Cart need in order to build? Gems.
3W, 7i, SW, putter.
Would love to ride in those FD RX-7s, but they look just so small.
Add the bipod and play a bit of Fortress. While you don't have the sheer amount of ammo the LMGs have, you're still able to drop people (with ease) with one quick burst. If I'm picking medium to long engagements with assault, the G3A3 is my definite goto.
WW was broken AF, period. If you never played it, go find a few buddies and enjoy that snails paced game with all the broke! Better yet, make sure to get the oldest OG rom you can, as it had all the famous bugs/glitches in it.
Same exact 4H in my bag and it's great. In fact, it's one of the most reliable clubs I've got in my bag. Adams makes some quality stuff, it's my 3W, 4H and 5H.
Your AQ is right next to the CC -- it's a one stop kill squad for any attacker. If you want to help prevent two stars, you're going to need to make attackers choose which they want to take out first: AQ or CC. In your layout, I choose "both" because they are next to each other. The best anti two star bases were the ones that had their TH closest to the middle of the base, as most attackers had attack through the ring outside of the TH.
&gt; We are getting shit on for sucking due to our history of dominating. How many teams command that type of attention? The Lakers have been to almost half of the overall NBA finals, ever. While the Lakers' success in the finals isn't as good as other teams, the sheer number of appearances is pretty impressive. Laker hatred is well understood due to the consistent performance we've had for a very long time. For now, the Lakers need to work on their young core to create valuable assets not only for trades, but to help land potential FAs. As-is, we haven't had a significant FA signing since ... Shaq. Since that one signing, we've basically robbed Paul to pay Peter (losing draft picks) and it's caught up with us. Laker FO knows how to rebuild, but it takes several years. There isn't a single player on the market (or not on the market) that will take the Lakers back to championship contender -- we *must* develop what we have.
Jump spells have a limited duration, a smaller radius and don't do additional damage to surrounding buildings. Some bases aren't as effective against a single jump spell -- you may end up needing more than one to be effective in a warring situation. Earthquake is a permanent effect, a large radius, hurt additional buildings and will shred *any* level of wall (seriously, this is huge)! Most of my recent war raids usually involve funnel to one spot, WB through one area, send in the KS and EQ to open a huge interior of the base. Each spell has their uses and EQs seem to be better for my use.
China hasn't had the cultural love of Star Wars that many other countries had. Star Wars was introduced very late there and hasn't had the PR/marketing that others have had. With EP7, they *did* kick up the marketing for it, but it's not nearly the same as it was in most of the rest of the world. $100 million is a lot for a move in China where the cultural appreciation is relatively new. Piracy is definitely an aspect in that country, but a lot of newer wealth *want* to go out to see a movie in the theaters -- because they now have the ability to do so. [CNN article on why China won't be huge for Star Wars](http://www.cnn.com/2015/12/18/asia/china-star-wars/)
Very safe route to walk, nothing sketchy with the area at all. Beware: this is an *incredibly* busy street and you'll be walking at peak times. While the exercise is great, consider using the bus at least coming home (or buy a cheap bike). The area you're staying and working in has plenty of bars, restaurants, etc. If you want to hit the beach, you're really not that far from it and there is plenty of good eats around there.
The best part about the MegaCrab is all the loot! While you can gain good loot by taking bases on your maps, the MC is a very large amount of precious loot! Even the other events aren't nearly as profitable for loot, so I'm having a blast playing against MC.
&gt; They need to build their stadium directly across the street and fill it with blackjack and hookers, maybe a giant middle The location they are building on IS FILLED WITH BLACKJACK AND HOOKERS. Seriously, it's on the same land with a casino! Not the nicest of casinos, but it's a legit casino.
&gt; I'm a degenerate gambler I like you. We should be friends. &gt; other being Crystal Casino in Compton What about the one in Hawthorne? The Hustler in Gardena even feels a bit shady.
At what level TH do you believe all Gobs isn't a viable strategy?
The gasoline "sin" tax will gradually shrink as we move to other sources of energy. While electrical cars are a tiny fraction of overall cars sold in CA, they still use the roads, use lights, etc -- they simply aren't paying to use them. Pay per mile makes the *most* sense, but the scaling of it must have some income and type of job component mixed in (truckers would get KILLED with crazy taxes).
Some bases make having quad-eq that much more devastating. For others, the jump is more useful. Generally, I'll carry WBs and EQs for farming raids. For wars, I've also made WBs + EQ a very useful strat.
CE put in the boss characters without *any* balance to them. Bipson was straight OP with block strings, chip damage, etc. Vega definitely had wall dive loops (once you knocked someone down), so he was also heavily annoying to play against. If memory serves correctly, Hyper Fighting quickly came after CE and the ensuing nerf bat hit the boss characters hard.
Professional sporting organizations' non-profit status means they pay no one is paying taxes. While the NFL did change their status last year, it didn't change anything in their day to day operation.
Loot changes sound good, let's give it about a month of our regular play time before judging. What about the big news for TH7? That third Air Defense comes! Mass dragon is going to be harder with that other AD up, right?
Yanet Garcia ... I'm a dude.
Love Rickie! Good on him for winning! He went through a big swing change last year and got close several times. Looks like it's all coming together at the right time.
Same issue just appeared a few weeks back (and haven't used it since). The temp didn't go through that huge range you've mentioned, but it was a consistent +- of ~5 degrees. My unit isn't even up to a year old and I'm very concerned about it.
Crows is a good base for the current meta. By spreading the base out as far as possible, it's difficult for enemies to build a funnel troops into a specific location. With the spread out defensive layer, Giants just walk around the base and eat up all the DPS and don't usually make it through half of the base before finally dying off. Typical Barch armies may not be spending time on walls (once they are in), but they are easily eating DPS from virtually every direction due to the difficulties in funneling to the core. Attacks that seem to do the most damage are heavy air raids and war themed (GoWiWi, GoWiPe, GoHog, etc). It's somewhat rare that someone is hitting my base with a war attack, but ymmv.
The only way my hair is fully manageable is with a shower wash. If I don't shower in the AM and try to style my hair, it just flat looks funky. Also, I prefer to shave in the AM vs. PM.
No matter the lock, thieves can cut it. My stuff was stolen years ago at the gym due to bolt cutters and I haven't used the lockers since. The only thing I bring inside with me are my car keys (no ID required for 24 hour fitness). You did all the right things with your stuff and make sure to keep the police record for it.
Edit'd, tyvm.
Red sharpie circle around the number. I'm sure someone out there does the same, but I haven't countered it in play. While I've been accused of hitting another player's ball, they tend to back off when I show them that all the others are marked in the exact same way.
The economy is good, people have the funds (and patience) for private transportation.
&gt; Now that I'm back, it seems like it's near impossible for a one pass kill. What changed? Weapon changes, balance changes. BF4 is relatively stable now with these changes, so get used to what they are now as they aren't really going to change anymore (ihmo). As an AH pilot, the only real way to remove a tank with one pass is all of your rockets and a well placed TOW. If they ever pop AP (I tend to fish it out with a few rockets first) AND if they run to hide, it can be difficult to remove a tank with one pass. If some tank isn't running AP and doesn't hide, then a one pass kill can usually be had with TOW and rocket barrage.
Practice. Tanks are really the best to practice against as they really can't get too much elevation. Start relatively close, fire and learn the speed to guide that bad boy. Work your way further back and practice moving the bird in one vector while maintaining your crosshair on the target. Hitting flying targets is tough, but those pesky tanks and LAVs are almost too easy.
Seriously. What are you going to taunt him for? "Hey big guy, you're so big!" "Your French is terrible. Where did you learn it? France?"
When you match wedge shaft lengths, how do you typically go with size? Let's say my last iron is a GW (at 50), what length would you have a 54/60/64 wedge?
Same experience with Feathers. The first shave (after a two day growth) is usually gonna nick me somewhere. Second shave (usually two days of growth) will generally be good. Third shave? 50/50 where it will look like my face met a cheese grader and lost. I *never* consider a fourth attempt with Feathers. Same razor, same prep, same cream, same passes ... just something funky with them and me.
Raiders are never going to San Antonio -- Jerry Jones will guarantee it.
The only way Brady is going to Denver is for the AFC Championship playoff and skiing.
The recent sweet spot for drivers seem to be lower RPMs, right? Seems that many of the YT fitters are working toward 2200rpm and lower with their drivers to get those optimal conditions. I've got a Cobra Cell Amp Pro and it feels great. But after hitting the Ping G30, I'm itching for a new fitting.
While it may be important to make sure the optimal spin rates are kept, I would also caution anyone to just think about the best long ball. Ideally, I'd be looking at a driver+shaft combo that produces the most favorable dispersion and the best distance.
&gt; Cobra again with the Kuro Kage shaft and 9.5 loft setting This is my exact shaft and loft. Definitely the best combo when I was fitted in 2012.
Rail lines covering the South Bay to West LA, without going through downtown. Ideally, every four blocks there is a train station going either east/west or north/south between the SB and WLA.
Southern California! Los Angeles up in this house!
Look better naked.
Wilshire CC is definitely on my bucket list for the private places in LA!
If I'm going heavily with Hogs, then Golems are my goto. If I'm going heavy with the Valks, then Giants are much better to funnel with.
&gt; So you think they did the right thing honoring that obvious pricing mistake. Dick could have done what they wanted with the situation. By honoring the listed price, they would lose a bit of money but would have bought some good karma with the lucky person who has some new clubs. &gt; Do you think that the right thing for you to do would be to return them due to the obvious pricing mistake? If Dick's is willing to honor their mistake, then I'd be very happy person. If Dick's didn't want to honor their mistake, I think it would be unreasonable for anyone to be *too* upset.
Kerr proof clipboards incoming! Lebron's send their regards.
Microsoft could use the good karma by financially helping out those that have been affected by the Windows 10 preload on those with capped connections. The entire Windows 10 rollout has been really bad.
Go right on back out there and do it again!
Dem leadership have been too busy focusing on putting Hillary into the WH vs. the best possible candidate. If the Dems' goal is to ~~sit on the iron throne~~ be in the WH, they **really** need to reconsider whom they are up against. Drumpf has been the "anti-establishment" candidate from the get go. He knew there wasn't any chance of beating Hillary on the Dem ticket, so he went GOP ... and he's now on the ticket. Even with all of his poor choice of words and horrible record on many items, he's been chosen by people that actually go out and VOTE.
Never under estimate the power of having a single club of the other dexterity. While I wouldn't carry a wedge, I do have a 6i and have used it for punch shots where hitting my typical righty clubs wasn't an option.
Didn't the tech behind these get bought by Hogan?
Older laptops are GREAT for easy homelabs: wired connections, possible to put a bunch of ram in them, single SSD, etc. You have a built in battery (if it works), build in screen AND built in keyboard! While laptops aren't generally known for running ESXi, you can definite use other VM hosts to get the job done.
Lebron went back to be the hero, only to prove that Cleveland is straight cursed. Even with him not taking all the salary, getting solid people involved *and* having championship run experience -- they aren't going to get it done. Where does Lebron bolt this off season?
Assault with a deadly weapon? The San Jose DA has pretty sufficient evidence.
&gt; Wouldn't turning a club upside down work just as well if you're punching it out lefty Definitely, but there are times when you can't physically stand in the direction you're comfortable with -- making a lefty club that much better. I'm not currently bagging my 6i ($6 at the golf store), but it was something I had before *and* used in several instances.
You can with Bluestacks on a Mac. The issue with Bluestacks is the actual activation of a click is *just* below the tip of the cursor. Put the very tip of the cursor just a few pixels (3-4) above the chat and click -- it works! I'm dead serious that it's simply a few pixels All touch between Bluestacks and OSX works this way, I've gotten used to touching a little higher for all raids because of this.
