Pro tip: put meat in sealed bag. Put bag in iced water in the sink. Use ice water to minimise bacterial growth. Faster than a microwave and infinitely more delicious.
Agreed. Book javert is not a villain. He is someone bound by a moral code as well and is a tragic character. He doesn't believe in redemption, and when faced with JVJ's redemption he can't handle it and mills himself.
I don't want to see a ghost It's a sight that I fear most I'd rather have a piece of toast And watch the evening news --- Really. Pick anything from the song. But that's my least favourite.
I agree. Arguably the fittest man to play AFL in history and ran middle distance olympic times. But look at the midfield over that era and tell me who he pushes out!
There is also Deezer which offers lossless streaming. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comparison_of_on-demand_streaming_music_services And a bunch of others I've never heard of.
It's actually life insurance. By an absolute mile.
Population Australia - 23m Greater Melbourne (4.1m) + Greater Sydney (4.3m) + Greater Brisbane (2.1m) - 10.5m, that almost gets you there alone. Only 1m short - and that's just using a quick google, I actually think Melbourne and Sydney are bigger than that, so might already get there alone (together with Brisvegas) They use to call it the Rockhampton to Adelaide line - it covers like only 15% of the landmass of Australia, but more than 85% of the population. I'm sure that if you just coloured in the coast from Brisbane down to Melbourne, that would get you &gt;50% for Australia.
If there is a more perfect video to sum up Carlton's season than those few seconds of the fumbling in the forward line, I haven't seen it.
He reminds me of Popovich. Gets the best out of people who may not be the most talented, excellent at developing talent in his team, and ensures that players put the team above individual glory. Adjusts the team strategy in accordance with his time - see the way the Spurs game has developed over time as their stars have aged. Similarly, is kind of a teacher of coaches the same way Pop is. Also quite clinical about things (although Clarko gets more emotional than Pop).
Hawthorn v Brisbane, the "stand in the shade" game. Hawks fans gloating, followed by becoming apopleptic about all our guys on one wing of the ground and then getting smashed in the last quarter. edit: 1995 at the Gabba - had to look up the year.
You ruined my proposed post. Almost at the bottom and I get all ready to write a very clever (I swear) about it being a surprise that no one put Hawthorn, and then you go and ruin my post. And it pains me to say it but, apart from the first year, I've grown quite fond of the Pies with Bucks at the helm. He seems a genuinely good bloke as a coach, with the best interests of the game at heart, and not the figjam he was as a player.
Aaah, the old Liam Shiels argument. Everytime he touches the ball, which is not infrequent, commentators say he's underrated. Not any more gents.
Shaun Hart for Brisbane. Won a Norm Smith, but apart from that, he's never mentioned when people talk about that Brisbane midfield. It's always Voss, Akermanis, Black, Lappin.
Kind of proves my point
2013 win from first. 2014 win from second. 2015 win from third. So my guess is we have to finish fourth to guarantee fourthorn.
OWEN WON-ONE. UNLIKE FREO, WHO ARE OWEN ONE-ONE.
You prefer he goes to Port Arthur?
http://twitchy.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/i-award-you-no-points-and-may-god-have-mercy-on-your-soul_new.jpg
Happy to see stratts get some recognition. Not sure gunston deserves it this week
Don't forget the wind that would swirl around like a MoFo when you were there (and add to the cold)!
It's his daughter. Relax people.
Brad Scott's emotions
Thread is dominated by Richmond: Dusty, Doull, Nason, Gaspar, Vickery, Geoff Raines, Arnot, Deledio's hair early on.
Ok ok. I was tired. He did have terrible hair in my defence. My bad.
If a current player, would have been the best choice, alongside Peak Pavlich, Peak Riewoldt, Peak Kouta, Peak Lethal and Peak Zac Dawson.
I think Burgoyne is actually a good bet that hasn't been listed. Yes, gets smashed in the ruck, but is proven midfielder, defender and forward - albeit not the tallest.
The Hawks isn't the worst! This feels like a first in the space of jumpers in recent years.
2014 was a better game, even though a more lopsided result. That's still the best I've ever seen Hawthorn play. 2013 Hawks just sort of cruised and did enough to win. Skill levels were low and there wasn't much excitement. I haven't watched it since. I've watched 2014 multiple times.
The reality is he would never have become great at Hawthorn and may have been lost to football forever. The guy obviously battled personal demons his whole career; the time in the country was needed to clear his head and get to a better place, and the Geelong culture for better and worse probably suited him better. The 1987 signing was a bit weird, but in the end - I don't see this as a what if.
TripleM has been out-shitposted. Time to step up your game boys. Can we get some speculation on what brand of dried pasta a selection of random players prefer, perhaps?
It's just the erection you have for how we played on GF day not dying down. I actually think in '13 we were the most dominant across the season, but our finals performances weren't as solid as in '14, where we dominated the finals series. '15 we obviously had the loss first up, and the most difficult route to the flag of the three.
Yep. Will all be highly tailored based on age, injuries, needs. I remember years ago one pre season hawks deciding Franklin needed to get bigger to be better in marking contests. He had his worst season after that carrying the extra weight, so the next pre session they realised their error and he slimmed down again. Similarly, when khunt came across, he had to lose a bunch of weight to get the aerobic fitness level required. Basically he needed to be a tighter khunt. Different strokes for different folks. EDIT: marking forests -&gt; marking contests, although the former probably more accurately described Franklin's biggest weakness for a key forward - pack marking.
I'm glad someone appreciated it
Not sure I agree with Smith. He's not an on field leader the same way Hodge is, directing traffic, etc. I think Birchall or Stratton would be a good captain, if they decide the time is right for Hodgey to hand it over.
Based on nomenclature alone, all time Hawthorn great Mitchell Lewis.
'&gt; be AFL online media stooge '&gt; first day on the job '&gt; AFL announces it is considering bringing back the substitute rule and restricting interchanges to only requiring a mersenne prime number of interchanges at the end of the game '&gt; AFL also announces third Sydney team, this time in Cronulla, to be given Geelong Falcons, Oakleigh Chargers and any other club that BT has described as a "football factory" as a recruitment zone '&gt; Go on BigFooty to try and defend it '&gt; Godwin's law achieved in four seconds '&gt; Go on Reddit '&gt; Roasted by /u/howcouldubezaharakis '&gt; Go on youtube '&gt; Get cancer from the comments '&gt; Dead at 24
Great batsmen. Lazy fielder. Remember he and Dhoni having a falling out over his fielding when Dhoni was captain, so assumed he was the target.
Swordfish @ 26%. Terrible hacking scenes, but it's not about that. I liked Jackman and travolta and the ending. Can't believe it's only 26%.
St Kilda have never won a game at one of their home grounds, so are zero per cent. there. Conversely, Sydney, Brisbane and Carlton all have 100% records at the ground. The ground is Westpac Stadium in Wellington (NZ). Edit: one to won. Don't know what came over me.
I love this stat.
The top 12 active players for win % all either play for Hawthorn or Geelong, with the top 5 all being Hawks.
Fitzroy are like the Seattle Supersonics. Neither of them exist anymore.
And we had squandered so many opportunities, gifted them so many goals. At 3/4 time, I was thinking this is one of the big chokes given our form that season, and that I would never hear the end of it. Thanks jeebus for Burgers and to Chris Scott for his policy of never tagging Sam Mitchell.
Worried about getting smashed into goal posts or hit by drink drivers.
Well, technically the Swans won three of those flags back when they were in Melbourne. So I say he's got NSW covered too.
The AFL actually did something right? I know kids. I'm scared too.
Buying housewarming gifts. Do you ever notice that they always sell cups in packs of four? At least that's always been my experience.
Given what it inspired, the reconciliation that took place and what seems like Monkhorst's genuine remorse and contrition at what he said and the fact that Long and Monkhorst now get along - I think it's one of the more inspiring stories in totality.
Priddy. Good game. Let's go to the pub to celebrate. Can you flag four taxis to take us all there?
Does that give you a fourgasm?
Lindsay Thomas, Rhys Mathieson, Joel Selwood and James Sicily are holding a candlelight vigil at the Whitten Oval if anyone is interested in attending.
And running the centre is Jonathan Giles?
Wow! I had no idea.
Mate they're in Sydney. Swans fans are still trying to learn the names of players other than Landon Franklin.
The mining boom is over guys... You should be saving your money, not making frivolous bets.
https://media0.giphy.com/media/YJjvTqoRFgZaM/200_s.gif
Part of the beauty of AFL is the chaos, and what can often come out of it. Remember the two Lance Franklin goals against Essendon (when playing at Hawthorn), streaming out of defence. Glorious moments that are lost with rigid zones / requirements to maintain players in defensive 50. The Leroy Jetta goal against the Pies where he ran from the back end of the square to about fifteen metres out? Doesn't happen. Arguably, the Eddie Betts goal this year doesn't happen as there isn't that open 50 to contend with. Part of the joy in AFL is the lack of formal structure, letting teams come up with their own (Pagan's paddock, Collingwood forward press, Clarko Cluster, Geelong play on at all costs, etc.), coupled with the moments of individual brilliance in the chaos (Danger bursting through packs, Cyril Cyriling, Fyfe bullocking, Ablett's hips of steel). That's what we love. Formalise the structure too much, and you lose that.
Read it? I'm writing it baby.
If you take form, scoreboard, injuries, and third quarters and the first 1.25 quarters out of this game, Hawks are in front.
Pfft... Port percentage is only 5000%. Can't win with a percentage like that.
dignity
I think they only didn't pay a free kick against Gibson then out of pity.
You will always win the tackle count if you never have the ball. .#justhawthornthings
Percentage of 600 this half. Hawks dominating proceedings here.
Helicopter punt for goal after a soft 50. Everything's coming up Hawthorn.
Our best third quarter ever! Three goals to none. Get on the Hawks.
I have never seen any team fumble as much as we have. In any sport. At any level. I'm including drunken university games in this.
I'm watching on silent at work. Please tell me the commentators said "clever" when the hawks tapped it on directly to Port, like they do for every tap by a player.
FWIW, Hawks are winning the second half. I think I just made Hawks' fans and Port fans equally sad.
Burton will be playing.
Collingwood fans can't read, you don't need to use complete sent
Picks in the eighties don't help that much anyway
On second thought, there were 19 spectators. Gibson was actively trying to help Port, and I'm not even sure Gunston was watching the game, so can't count as a spectator.
But we have Ryan Burton and that makes up for every negative you just mentioned.
That was an entirely justified and appropriate mastubatory session over GOAT Ryan "nobody" Burton.
.3 Burton, .2 Mitchell, .1 Rough. -3 Jack -2 Brand -1 Pop EDIT: Just realised something weird happened. Fixed - Burton should have the three votes clearly, but reddit reversed it.
Cotchin the dirty sniper. probably took off a white glove and slapped him across the face with it.
It was a joke. Cotchin wouldn't risk messing up anyone's hair.
Stratton . mcevoy.
Jetta held the record... So many opportunities for his first goal missed.
Agree. Fuck is this thread?
North borrowing third quarters from us i see. You think they would have learned about trading with hawthorn...
Aah. The classic illegal meat in the sandwich call. Haven't seen that in a little while.
There is definitely a bit of nsync about the look
Treloar is on today.
That's a great kick. Really really impressive.
It's cwood. Guess.
Obvs!
Pendles on Fyfe... Mmmmmmm. Delicious.
Behind of the year
Surely that was skill error...
Deliberate isn't really the interpretation now. It should really be called "insufficient effort to keep the ball in play". If people think of it like that, they'll get a lot less salty about deliberates.
Probably not the catchiest name for a rule though. Maybe shorten to insufficient effort.
McC stole it from his team mate streaming towards goal.
We too are known for third quarters
Why is a random chef selling cars? It makes less sense than the sexist ultratune ads.
So long as you don't expect any contested possessions or tackles from him
If you want forwards, we have James Sicily available. If you want defenders, Josh Gibson. The choices are endless.
I thought your reverse recruit of Vickery has been better for you.
What even is effective disposal
Both teams missing targets and kicking to each other
In fairness. I don't think hill has stuck a tackle in his entire career.
That's a mark
Hill could have put his hand up. Two bad decisions from him in the last few minutes.
Nice off a step
After their performance, the bye was robbed not to have anyone in the team.
Now I understand why you always bring up the proletariat and the bourgeoisie.
Do you think HawksTV can be nominated for an Oscar?
And Swans fans complain about the "are Sydney the greatest team?" meme getting old...
We will also take any spare Rorys that you have.
The Ty Vickery conundrum.
Below, I've laid out the /r/hawktalk official mid-season AA team: B: Burton (Haw), Burton (Haw), Burton (Haw) HB: Burton (Haw), Burton (Haw), Burton (Haw) C: Burton (Haw), Burton (Haw), Burton (Haw) HF: Burton (Haw), Burton (Haw), Burton (Haw) F: Burton (Haw), Burton (Haw), Burton (Haw) R: Burton (Haw), Burton (Haw), Burton (Haw) Int: Burton (Haw), Burton (Haw), Burton (Haw), Burton (Haw)
http://imgur.com/PLVFa
VicBiasWatch...
You have to go see a doctor if it lasts longer than four hours, FYI.
C. Judd - 3 votes.
He has written some of my favourite ever pieces on footy, along with Tim Boyle and Emma Quayle. It's sad to see him go. I hope he pops up somewhere else. The three of these writers each put a more human face on the game, rather than just cold analysis or scandal/scuttlebutt.
Gibson is cooked
Give it to Burton!
Thank you
Have you seen the magnificent beast?
That was quality from saad
Move to the hawks
That's a fucked advantage when everyone has stopped
Titch should have the ruckman rule. Not allowed to kick.
That was the balliest ball that ever was ball. All the players even stopped. Haha
Not 15. That went about 25.
You've seen through our team strategy.
WE GOT A FREE KICK
Shitposting is basically our national sport. There is a referendum coming later this year to add it to the constitution as an inalienable right.
You just get the feeling we could be watching a grand final preview, don't you.
Did you mean to describe the hawks' 2017 season ?
You should thank them
Flawless logic
Fucking bell end gunston
Ummm... Ball?
Pick up the ball. Jeebers.
Writing Burton fanfic
You only get one
And Gibson. And Sicily.
I literally think that's our second Mark inside 50. And our first decent entry.
My correctness made me sad :(
Sold!
Jeez. Think burgers stepped on the goal square then. That would be so appropriate given our play this game.
Timmy
Timmy.
Timmy
Where are the wheels? Are they completely off yet?
No. Not50. Jeeez
Gunner's best game of the year
True. Got to take the positives we can though.
Freo promised us pick 121 for him
We tried harder
Karmichael Hunt looks weird now. Like a low rent game of thrones character.
I was watching the Wallabies
Speerosity's greatest week of his life
McEvoy has had his best ever year and has done a lot around the ground. It's been lost in how terrible most of the rest of the Hawks have been, but he certainly deserves to be in the ruck conversation.
I think it's Jacobs, Grundy and McEvoy in the conversation at this stage. I thought Grundy has had his best year too.
Weitering needs to learn from stevie j. Even though it's pointless you take that kick after the siren to pad your stats.
And hawthorn.
Thank you GWS for playing Liam Jones into form. Truly a first for any club in this competition.
And Freo get enough grief this week for a phrase that hasn't been heard in a while: "dominated by the Brisbane Lions".
Double 69 sounds like a movie from my private collection.
Kreuzer looks like he's aged during this game
Is Schache or Hipwood your jesus type figure? Where does Zorko fit into this cult? edit: also, can we have him back?
Nope. Even comps are good. It keeps the game exciting. Less predictability means people are more likely to tune in. If the results are always a foregone conclusion, people are less likely to tune in. The AFL would be loving this season.
Fair point. I'm betting on a draw for the strangeness to continue.
Toby Greene this morning: https://makeameme.org/meme/free-players-inside
Fred Goldsmith at full back is the only KPD. Wanganeen won from the back pocket, but he was more a running, play-making defender (in an era where that didn't exist as much as today) and not a real KPD.
Do you expect the McDonald's burgers to look like the pictures too?
Thank you for your sacrifice.
He's got 11 games left, so after the weekend's performance, he could potentially end up with 36 votes. I'd say he's a lock.
So about that Fagan we lent you...
I think it's unfair to single out Maxwell - all teams leave their runners on the field too long IMHO. I think it's time the AFL cracked down on it.
As a Hawthorn fan, I don't understand why anyone would think any of these jumpers are ugly.
How much are we seeing anti biotic resistant gonorrhea rising, and does this pose serious health concerns?
Angelo Lekkas. Was a bit different and interesting off the field, which I liked. He used to go to train kung fu at shaolin temples in the off season. Solid, but not spectacular player. Had a stroke very young that ended his career early, and turned to playing soccer. Something about him I always liked and respected. edit: I know this is going to be controversial amongst Hawks supporters due to the fall out from his retirement, but fuck it. It's my choice.
Fuck him and his brother were exciting to watch, actually. Both had booming kicks.
There's a bit of Relton Roberts about him.
Somewhere, Danny Southern and Fraser Gehrig just shed a tear.
Would you rather fight one Sandilands sized Ballantyne, or 10 Ballantyne sized Sandliands?
Or, y'know, just send him a video of Meat Loaf performing.
Shouldn't they name their virginity that? So they're guaranteed to lose it.
Sees link to Bigfooty and thinks "what crap is this?" Spends far too long reading article, googling, considering the anecdotal fact that my previous personal debilitating knee pain was caused by a hip issue (when one physio told me I probably had a torn meniscus). Starts to be convinced by something he reads on bigfooty. mindblown.gif (mind blown is more about reading something interesting on bigfooty than the actual diagnosis). GET JAEGER TO PENINSULA PHYSIO STAT.
Compared to our other recent social media efforts it's an improvement.
I don't think we've ever topped our 'One Direction' video.
Melbourne, who will finish fourth. The way this season is going, we deserve to see another premiership drought broken.
Has to be this. I'd like it to be Dunstall - he doesn't have the baggage of Carey or Ablett, but Blight is hard to go past. Followed by Sheedy.
1,264 goals. 3x coleman, 2xBnF, 1xmvp, 4x premiership, 2xaa. 100 goals in a season six times. He's not that far behind.
There is only one 'silk' Great player though
Huddo called the Nick Davis onslaught well as a cats fan. I would have been crying if i was a cats fan. Props to him.
Mr Watts only eats prawn sandwiches or cucumber sandwiches with the crusts cut off.
Shiels I reckon. Langford to play a defensive forward role targeting Laird.
He wasn't offered any of those. He was just in the bookies' calculations as a possibility.
Bevo, Bolton and Fagan back in the coaching ranks wouldn't look too bad.
Had an 18 game career spanning two clubs before going on to the heights of ''Big Brother". Cruelled by injuries.
Thank god for Eddie Fasolo-Betts.
It's like they haven't even watched Hawthorn this season.
Birchall back has massively changed the look of our defence.
Yes. It was.
