Lol I've never seen spy kids 2 but yeah exactly like that
I don't remember mine cycling thru all the numbers but I could be wrong. I've only tried it once on one jeep and it gave me the right code
She came and started farting
Totally random, but Your username is like a rearranging of "Peggy tanzer"..someone I Know
I used to drive a 1991 maroon crown Victoria, I thought getting pulled over once a month was totally normal. Then I got a less ridiculous vehicle and it's maybe once or twice a year
Going over rocks and such
Wait. He was just selling stolen credit cards?
I loved that game but I beat it in a couple hours and I'm not one for the challenges and stuff
Good skill if you decide to watch attack on titan, intro is like 8 minutes long
When I was a kid and that show was playing I always thought it looked super lame, then it blew me away when I was like 21, one of only 4 shows I've watched all the way thru
Starting small imo is really the only way to go. I didn't one day just decide to spend a couple hundred dollars on fish tank shit. I got a 10 gallon cuz I thought it would be cool. Then I bought a couple plants, upgraded tank sizes, found out about aquascaping and have little by little Been collecting everything I need to have my dream tank. Same with my jeep. I have a friend on the other hand who drops money into a hobby then quits after a month or so. A few months back he told me and another friend he was getting into leatherworking. Couple weeks later I asked if he's made anything and he says "nah, I need to buy more tools first ".... how can you invest so much in a hobby which you only like the idea of? He has no idea if he will even like leatherworking.
Offroading(or more building up your truck), lifting weights, just depends how much you wanna delve into it
Eh. I feel like planted tanks can get equally or more ridiculous than saltwater (although admittedly I know near nothing of saltwater tanks) What with light levels, light spectrums, co2 systems, conditions to breed different fish and inverts.. but the coolest part to me is simply the styling of the whole thing. Look up aquascaping contests, some of those tanks are so damn cool. If someone told me 3 years ago that setting up a fish tank is a form of art I would roll my eyes but it totaly is, and it's almost the only form of artistic expression that I really enjoy. I'm creating a little underwater world in which different critters will interact. Then after initial planting you get to watch it all grow out. You kind of set it up not in a way that looks super awesome, but in a way that will look super awesome when all of your plants start taking off. Edit: oops, I kinda misunderstood what you were saying, my rant pretty much confirms what you say instead of arguing against it.
I am on mobile haha thank you for My first gold!
Always sunny, breaking bad and trailer park boys although they're due for 2 more seasons. There may be one or 2 other shows but I can't think of them right now
I might have been also. My memory sucks and I guessed
Bitching
Oh shit. This is the best example of this I have ever heard
Take his advicd, stop comparing yourself to other people, your lift numbers are not very good. But that's totally ok because you're new to this. Just go lift weights until you can lift more than you used to
Oh they won't hatch though
Nerite eggs don't hatch in fresh water
Freshwater tanks doesn't always mean planted though, they're just usually just talking about looking nice
I have a cousin with that name. .he has our last name tattoo's across his chest. ..spelled wrong. I wish I could make this up
That's so fucking extreme
My mind fucking wanders. I Think of some particular incident then get curious about one random detail and that leads me on a trail of random bullshit
You want me to post my cousins first and last name? I'll just tell you it has "ei" and his says "ie". Both he and the "artist" were super drunk apparently, the dude did the outline and had most of it filled in before somehow my cousin noticed and told him to stop so he could somehow get it fixed. It may be fixed by now, this was like 2 years ago and I don't talk to him all that often
Hahaha oops totally replied to the wrong comment. I put 2 in there for now just as a test but they've since had some babies, my main tank has probably 100 or so and I'll just be grabbing the most red ones I can when I see them. The quality of my shrimp has degraded over the last couple years since I bought them as I rarely cull them and don't do a very through job.
I sure did!haha I noticed right after posting but decided to leave it anyway
Lol thanks!I'm very happy with the tank. I noticed I replied to the wrong thread but decided to leave it
I don't remember but I think they were a peice of petrified wood looking stuff that I smashed into a couple smaller peices
Here's the proper way to drink coffee Step 1. Go to the break room. 2 grab a paper cup 3 full cup with ice 4 pour coffee over ice 5 open a straw. This is to make sure it spends the least amount of time in contact with your teeth as possible to avoid staining 6 chug that shit as quickly as you can because it tastes fucking nasty but caffeine is definitely needed.
If you haven't heard the acoustic version of that song,look it up. One of my favorite songs of all time
That's the worst mallet ever
I know you're joking but once thought of all the scary shit we have in southwestern usa. Rattle snakes, javalinas, coyotes, bobcats, mountain lions, centipedes, gila monsters, scorpions, black widows, tarantulas(supposedly not dangerous but they creep me out), supposedly bears in the mountains.
Its true. I farted loudly in 5th grade .
"Despite having special needs, Simms says Nicholle is not capable of feeding herself without assistance" What?
Oh thank fuck. I've heard of it but haven't seen it but knowing it's fake helps a lot
They're creepy to me
I've only seen a few in my life so they are around here just rare. First one I saw was like 6 inches long. Creepy little fuckers
I don't have any experience with palidariums and very little knowledge but I recommend posting this over on r/plantedtank it isn't necessarily the perfect sub but it is much more active and I'm sure someone over there will be able to point you in the right direction. Edit : a couple points. I would recommend a 30 or 40g breeder Tank , they are less tall than some other tanks which will give you more ground area to work with. Also I really don't think a soil and stone floor is a good idea as water won't run over it as much as just seep into it and make mud
Mostly a joke. My first xj was a 98 sport. My current one is a 97 and is very much a base model. I miss my 98 but my 97 is slowly becoming my own.
No I really have no idea what I'm talking about. It was a joke because I've owned 2 xjs and preferred my 98
What I hate is girls saying "hey you ahould ____" instead of asking for something . "Oh that's what I should do?"
My job is literally 90% "be present" i used to bring my laptop but it's fucked, but I play video games, dick around on reddit and do homework and even sometimes sleep.. oh and I also get 3 meals a day for free (nevermind. I have to pay $1 for breakfast)
I hated alice in Wonderland
Looks good except i think it would look nicer if you could. Make the rocks look somehow related, either all tilted the same way or maybe like the peaks of a mountain
I own a lifted jeep(1997) cherokee :( but it only has 3 inches of lift. I like to go camping and really enjoy romping around the forest. I like hating on giant bro trucks too but I Kinda feel like the kettle calling the pot a douchebag Edit: forgot to use the term brodozer. It's a good word
That's a good fucking rule. I'm moving out soon with my gf and while I have definitely improved my cleanliness over the last year or two, it definitely isn't perfect
Toms friend, that's who
God damn
I read "feets" instead of feet, which seemed way cooler. This is by first time on this sub. I'm not a short dude but, fuck those girls. I would like to see some kind of reversal on this and what kind of reaction it gets
Hell yeah! Good for you that's awesome! Just know that no kiss will ever be that exciting again. It's still awesome to kiss someone you really care about but it more just feels really comfortable
God damn I miss that. I am completely I love with my girlfriend, kissing her feels so right but it's more comfortable than exciting. Good for you man! Just be sure she's on the same page. I lost my virginity with a girl I met that same night. I got her number and started texting her after that but it turned out to be a one time thing, thinking back that was definitely a good thing. I'm not saying this is your situation. Just be careful
I had that blanket. Damn fine blanket
I get too involved with stories. I explain every fucking detail because I want them to be as close go experiencing the whole thing as possible, which is good in theory but sometimes "some gut shit himself at the bar last night" is enough to stand on its own without any back story of what I was doing
Lol I'm glad I got to read that before it got deleted
No, it's a watch with... marbles and space and stuff? Just a shitty one
Definitely. I'm not huge into fighting games but that was probably my favorite, played the shit out of the first and second
My license doesn't expire until 2055. Hooray for arizona!
I feel like writing commercials would be really fun if you got creative with them. Basically writing a short with some product placed in there
It does not
This never happened for me. Everything else in my tank is doing wrll .. except Duckweed I literally cannot keep it in my main tank. It grows in my nano but is far from taking over
I absolutely love My xj but I miss my (03) xterra and reading this doesn't help. Although I sold it because it was a 2wd, 4 cylinder model. Even then it never gave me any problems off the beaten path. I even took it on a 3000 mile trip from Arizona to idaho and back. If only mine was 4wd I definitely would've kept it
I opened the link and literally said holy shit" out loud. That tank is amazing Edit: that's only 8.5 gallons? On my first look I thought it was like 50+
Agreed. I only feel small because most of the time when I'm comparing myself to someone it's at the gym, which is not a good sample of the general population. Then I go to a lake/pool party or whatever and realize I'm okay
6 foot at 185 is small?? I mean it isn't huge but i wouldn't say small Edit: for a bodybuilder, i realize it's small. I just mean as a person in general
Ah. That's kinda what I meant. Not compared to competing body builders but just the general population
What? It's only the plastic cover being replaced
True. But one is more important. I definitely appreciate good graphics but don't really judge a game based on them.
That said I don't consider myself a "serious" gamer
For the general population?
I just looked at your progress pics. You are not small, are you huge? No but you definitely are not small. I'd bet most randies you see on the street would be mirin.
Landmine press?
What kind of light is that?
You normally fill those jugs with purified drinking water so I wouldn't think so
Get hella drunk
Hmm that's a possibility.I'll give it a shot
Maybe instead of hooked up to traffic data you could just have them cycle thru green, yellow red?
Good point.
Home depot. They're egg crate style light diffusers in the florescent lighting section. It was a big peice that I cut up
Good point. I just threw the light on to see what I was doing and put it on the side I wasn't working on to keep it out of my way
Home depot it's a light diffuser I chopped up
I think i get what you're saying. I'm going to do some rearranging after work
HO LY FUCK
Seriously. The guy to the left has a camera too it looks like.
Hmm I don't think so? But thanks for bringing it up. I just poured vinegar on it and haven't had any bubbles
Nice doodle! What about the left side? I was thinking tall crypts in both back corners
I have an anubias but it isn't very big. Thing grows slooww. I was thinking about putting it kinda high in the tree and maybe wrapping moss only around the lower trunks
I ripped mine off, it looks so much better without but I've probably spent more time picking away at the glue than doing anything else to my jeep and still have more to go
Ugh I have about 20 thick black hairs that grow under my chin in contrast to the soft golden locks that grow on My head... I'm also a dude and that's all the facial hair I can grow. Damn German genes
That didn't fuck up your paint?
Great fucking idea I'm going to do that next year
Your dry start looks a little too wet
I did one it was pretty simple really. However I used way less water than op. I had no standing water and my substrate barely looked moist. I basically just misted it every day or every other day with a spray bottle and left the top open for a little to cycle the air. I also didn't use plastic wrap, just the glass lid and it did a good enough job at preventing evaporation
Infections can be pretty gross
They crashed
Plus I'm a baller on a budget
Break a couple twigs off of the wood to make it fit or once you smash the one rock up, use a bunch of little peices to fit into the roots. Edit : also thank you, setting up hardscape is probably my favorite part of aquascaping
You can always break them off but still use them in the scape. In my 40b there are like 6 peices of wood but I tried to make it all look like one peice
Also keep in mind that depending on how you plant it, the plants may overtake the hardscape
Got any more info on this?
Brendan fraiser is in some dope shit
It would but I wouldn't think it's necessary. I don't even know what humidity level would be necessary but I really just sprayed until the substrate is barely wet in top. I'm no expert but it worked well for me. I didn't have mine saran wrapped either, just kept the lid on
90% of this thread is the same shit
Not sure how if works but my friend got to test drive one and he's never owned one
Not sure how if works but my friend got to test drive one and he's never owned one
Without the experience you'd assume it's the same spot as your weiner
I would if I was single! Foreign dudes get all the poon
Why was low dose worse? I think I've only done like 10x and 20x and I just go beyond the thunderdome and end up in my own world. Although I did read it has a "reverse tolerance" effect, the more you smoke it, the harder it effects you
I think i read that they do this is north Korean prison camps. Sad shit
Ah. Southern AZ here.
It's called fat
That's what I need to start doing. I have my account automatically put $40 into savings every pay period but I make more money now
Like playing Yahtzee!
I feel like I don't hear the engine at 80mph though, she doesn't rev too high. Wind and road noise are definitely killer though
So many forced expositions
Good thing all drunks make sure to shoot exactly up in the air
Chooooosen ooone I'm coming
Thanks that sounds like exactly what I was talking about. I do like that version better but the ghost mice one works for me
I loved that show but it always creeped me out a little
Evil con carne
I need more tetras
I love that episode Edit: I don't think I'm super tough
I'm going thru some relationshio issues and I totally agree with you on all fronts. Except sometimes I can't help but talk to my friends about it:/
The already got a bunch of neons
I've*
I'm 6ft and most the dudes I work with are within an inch or two of me either way. Except this one kid. Hes like 5"7' but swears to God his doctor said he's 6ft and everyone else is 6'4"-6'6"
I have never seen that movie referenced anywhere before. I watched it so many times up until I was like 6 then never again. It's my ultimate nostalgia
I work in a retirement home. Every time I see an elderly person by themselves with a walker out in the general population I'm wondering how the hell they got out
That's kinda how conversations with my gf (or ex, were on a break) go. When we talk about things she doesn't let anything out. I pretty much have to give her a multiple choice test to figure out what she's thinking
Oh man. Your post confused me a little but I'm sorry to hear about that. She told you not to text her anymore because you told her you're bipolar? Don't stick around though. It doesn't really seem like it's worth it
Not exactly what I was referring to but that's cool too. Never mind it's the right thing but the link was to the comments
I just cant get over the name "Hogarth"
Having to actually do that would be one of the worst things ever
Colin ferrel is so good at an American accent I forget he sounds like a goddamn leprechaun
What is another example of a black comedy? I'm not trying to be a dick, I've just realized I don't think I've ever heard of any other movie described as a black comedy
My problem is talking dirty. I can be rough and take control and make commands but I can't do the whole "porn talk" thing. It just seems so forced and cheesy
Theyve gotten so out of hand the last couple years. Thanfully they seem to be on the way out
Id like to see a version of this without the wacky filter if you have it
Id like to see a version of this without the wacky filter if you have it
Id like to see a version of this without the wacky filter if you have it
I never knew how to put it into words but that's perfect
Mines on a 3 inch and I rub just when backing up and turning. Maybe go with 30x9.5s? Or you could always trim the inside of the fender a little. Underneath the flairs. I cut a few inches out but it didnt really helo
Wow. That's some sociopath level shit. Fuck that lady
I mean maybe it's the higher doses that get you but in 7th grade I was like 100lbs and my friend was closer to 200. He was in a good amount of pain so I took whatever a full dose for him was. Didn't feel dopey or anything
I just realized I enjoyed most of the books we read, yet for some reason I've only read one very short book in the last 7 years since graduating. I enjoyed animal farm, night, life of pi and I really liked Frankenstein Edit: add the giver and lord of the flies to the list
That's one of the funniest things I've seen in a while
Oh man I should've read your reply before posting the same thing but with shittier words
Yeah man. I have a few hobbies but one of them is fish tanks and Aquascaping. That's one I never bring up unless others do and I don't go into it how much. I may say "oh man I love fish tanks" if they're mentioned then if someone chimes in I can tell them more in depth. Shit, even when people come over and see my bitching underwater forest and say they like it I just go "yep, me too" that said I do have other hobbies which arent so weird
That's how I define hobbies. Something with creative output even if it's just a little
A girl at my friends old job got caught doing heroin at her desk. She then had to sit next to a supervisor
Nice tank. I run the same co2 and lights as you. Are you dosing any ferts?
Looks like he's getting some ghetto medical care
Wouldn't this problem be avoided by just turning off ans cutting power to the computer before driving?
I used to have a bird with a twisted foot who would always come into my yard to eat dog food when I was a kid. I saw him literally every morning. I never even thought of the fact that I probably see other birds just as often.
Fuck man, don't say that. I was born in 90:(
It got deleted. What he say? What he say??
Yeah but smartphones+internet are fucking insane
It's just way more weird than I remember
.. Yogurt??
That's kinda what my (ex?) Gf said when i brought it up. "I don't initiate it because you always do and I got used to that"
That's pretty much what I was going off of. I don't have exact facts on it but no shit most Canadians live in the south of the country where it isn't icy nothingness. And even the red dots that aren't on the coast are either on the great lakes or the Mississippi. So I guess you could change my original statement to "within 100 miles of a *major* body of water"
Hey me too! I just got done eating free food now I'm watching ESPN.
Yeah but my original post said "coasts" I'm not sure if they count as coasts so that's why I said I should change my comment from "near a coast" to near a major body of water
Nobody likes you when you're 23--
I've been hearing they're their newer shit lately.
Not him but I plastic dipped mine probably about 9 months ago now. It's holding up really well, highway speeds, drifting on dirt roads, tires rubbing the insides, not a single flaw. It seems to do well on some materials and not so great on others (I did a wooden dresser that keeps chipping)
That happened with my ex( :( ) and I, neither could remember who started it
I work with an elderly couple and sometimes the wife just calls the husband "dad" its somehow more weird
Meet Tom hanks
Wow this is awesome. What's the name of the paint stuff you were talking about?
There are games where the goal is to drink.. Try beer ball
I didn't know this was a thing until my mom got my sister in law coloring books for Christmas.
I was coming to warn of this. its so bad
They seem relaxing. Kinda just zone out and color. Like I enjoy painting things (not pictures. furniture and stuff like that) and it seems similar to that
I work in a nursing home. Can confirm its like highschool
Randy bobandy
Thanks
Naw theyre like intricate patterns and stuff
Almost the one I went with
Ah thanks. Nah I'm in the US
Wow I dig it. What substrate and lights after you using?
Don't buy rocks from a lfs, they charge so much
Find a landscaping yard. Tell them you want to hand load the rocks. You'll drive onto a scale before and after loading. They charge something like $30 per *ton*, I got more stone for $6 than I could ever use
Just hopped in the pilot seat of this plane and took off. Anyone help me out on tips with landing?
Check out devil makes three. More folky than bluegrass and I'm not a fan of their latest Album but they don't get nearly the recognition they deserve
I absolutely love 90s cars
Pretty new to disc golf. Why does rim width disqualify it? Is it an advantage?
Or buying a Rolex over a cheap watch.
So I saw in another comment that you didn't bathe much, just used camper showers And such but my question is what did you do for food?
I got a 404 Edit: nvm. And holy shit I love that scape
...gesh?
Strangers on Reddit are a good outlet for me, just went thru a breakup and a few people here really helped
Ah okay that seems cheap. What about laundry? I want to take a big trip near the end of the summer before I start my apprenticeship so I'm just getting ideas
I live like 20 minutes away from this museum. I've always thought it would be really cool to set up a tank with all locally caughy/gathered fish, plants and hardscape but didn't really realize we had so many small fish that would actually make it feasible (I pretty much just assumed the trout in Arizona's mountains were what we have). Thanks for posting!
I can't bring myself to click on it. I hate reading stories of people being cheated on
The nightstand or the cat?
Dude wtf I just saw it last night and after making that reference I saw someone else reference it in another thread but I don't remember which
God I can't imagine the anticipation of tjat
I didn't know they made 50 breeders! Quite the vibrant tank you got there
