But that's not the same as saying all languages don't exist.
Yes, I believe so.
There may be trends by gender or ethnicity whereby due to genetic reasons, different levels of skill or attainment may be seen. This still does not replace individual engagement and observation, but saying something like "ethnicity A is often better than ethnicity B at task C" is not by itself necessarily a meritless assertion.
That's a good point.
My understanding is that compact discs had audio mostly in .wav formats. Sound recorder might be able to help.
I think I'll be in the same country as him over the weekend. I intend to cook us some medium rare steaks and olive oil salad, and then to play a game of Chinese encircle chess against him.
"So I'm thirty five, which means that it's my turn to define my grown up behavior. Now help me get these Peeps into the microwave."
If mockery and abuse are your primary method of peer interaction, I will be looking for reasons not to hang out with you. And your counterargument that "this is just how all guys interact in America" is both demonstrably false and philosophically invalid in its expectation that others passively accept this behavior.
I've only ever seen bad movies with him in them. Maybe I should check out his good work.
I thought about something very similar at the end of Independence Day.
Sounds a bit like a super shady place my friend wandered into. She was told to report them and didn't. I'll PM you.
If World War 2 followed the experience I had with Half Life 2, it would be technologically superior to its precursor, but it would feature a clutter of unengaging personalities, it would assume a lengthy tedious backstory I neither understood nor care about, and I would lose interest halfway through against an apparently insurmountable enemy challenge. And everybody else would not understand my lack of interest in it.
...yeah, sounds about right.
One Slavic lady I dated years ago ran into me on the subway recently. I'd actually seen her around a fair bit, but we broke up fairly negatively and she stopped all contact. Because I wanted to respect that, I didn't acknowledge her. One such time she ended up sitting beside me and she got up and changed seats to move away from me. That kind of surprised me. In around March of this year, I was on the subway and I heard a "hello there stranger". I looked over and it was her, with her hair color changed and also thinner. I gave her a compliment on her appearance and said it was nice to see her again, which was both true. We game together occasionally now. She has a boyfriend and I introduced him to the game Chez Geek. They're both fun people and I'm glad to be on friendly terms with them again.
Heh heh... Try again, kid...
Cingular wireless. But they've been split up anyway.
The Thrawn trilogy was amazing. But I found myself rooting much more for Thrawn than for Iblis, Winter, Karrde, or any of the other newly introduced "good guy" characters.
I played the Bioshock games in order of release. I played BS1 when it first came out, then I fell out of touch with the series for a bit. By the time BSI came out, I decided I should catch up and play BS2 first, then Infinite. BS1 and BS2 are great games and I would recommend them to almost anyone. BSI is... different. There's something about it that I'm just not getting into. Part of it could be the level design, which is actually rather linear even though the levels look cosmetically "wide open". Part of it could be the limited vigors and even more straightforward shoot-and-kill gameplay. I found the entire game so far to veer wildly between extremely easy and "multiple deaths before you even figure out the level's geometry" difficult. Most grunt battles are insignificant and tedious. Most boss battles appear to require at least one death just to figure out the parameters. After a few unavoidable resurrection cutscenes, you're back in the fray again. After a few more, Bioshock Infinite throws in a smug little message about how you can change the difficulty at any time. I nearly lost all forward momentum through the game during a Giant Black Dude boss battle. Later, I'm at Lady Comstock's ghost and I've gotten stuck. I can't stay alive long enough to figure out the fight's tactics for myself, and I don't care enough about the alternate-history background, or the riddle of the Bird Statue, or the mystery of Lady Comstock's uterus to keep plugging away at the same boss battle. Comstock's voice actor is especially grating. How this game, and not the first or second, is the best-known title of the series is a mystery to me. Probably because tits.
Another party's over...
RTS: Rise Of Nations Flight sim: TIE Fighter CD TBS: Sid Meier's Alpha Centauri FPS (action): System Shock 2, Deus Ex FPS (stealth): Thief: the Dark Project RPG: The Return of Heracles
I don't listen to live radio or watch current TV these days, so most of my music intake is from Pandora. I like Downtempo music, as well as ambient techno like Time Is Up, Deuter, and Buddha Bar. In terms of composition and musicianship, I love Queen's music. I could listen to the Royal Philharmonic's cover of Innuendo for hours.
My understanding is that China is specifically excluded, and the TPP is part of the "Great Game" in global trade between the USA and PRC. I don't remember where I read it, but there was an indepth analysis of China's outreach to nations around the Pacific Rim, and the pattern suggests that China was aiming to counteract and contain the U.S. gains from the TPP - which would not be indicated if the PRC were part of the talks to begin with. IRL IDK though. The TPP is hardly transparent.
Fair enough - my point being that the TPP does not include China.
Goddammit, Ambassador!
The end of About Schmidt, when Jack Nicholson's character gets the letter back from Africa.
A priest is playing golf with a sailor. The sailor uses salty language each time he misses. "Goddammit, I missed!" The priest warns him not to curse in God's name. The sailor misses again. "Goddammit I missed!" The priest cautions him again. The sailor misses a third time. "Goddammit I missed!" The skies open up and the hand of God casts down a bolt of furious vengeance which completely obliterates... the priest. The sailor looks up into the sky. A booming voice from heaven says "Goddammit, I missed!"
Robert Frazier, the Golden Bough. The ur-example of anthropological comparative study of religions. Frazier was blacklisted for including Christianity (then seen as scientific fact) in his survey.
It has to be done in a certain way. Having a woman as a friend, who likes your jokes and and has a good time hanging out with you, is cool. Having a woman as a friend who is super close, or too obviously a great match, or conversely too obviously pimping him out to other women, is creepy and transparent.
Don't be so disheartened that things won't get better. Of course they will. Your friends won't think so, but that's because they're British. In the future you will pick up and master wonderful hobbies. You will make things happen through your hard work and gumption. You will change career paths, go back to school, graduate from your third degree, and then secure a wonderful job in a foreign land with a fantastic woman who is there with you. Not in Britain. You'll do well. You'll do whatever the hell you want to. You won't do it in Britain. Oh, and ask out Roz while you're at it. She's smart and funny and cleans up nicely, and she likes you and you like her and it doesn't matter what the other tossers would say or jeer. She will develop an eating disorder later on and I wonder if she'd turn out differently with the confidence boost that comes of a good relationship. Stay away from people whose only skill is wisecracking, even if it makes them super popular.
MMDDYYYY :eye-twitch:
It looks like the expensive place in the Hampdens where Louis CK got roped into a charity show by Seinfeld.
I love gluten. The Chinese do a very yummy meat substitute that's made from wheat gluten and it is super tasty, soaking up all the sauce it's cooked in. All the more for me!
I was 18 and walked six miles in darkness to see a cathedral with my childhood friends.
Whores d'oeuvres?
Yeah, if you go round putting your watermark on stuff, how would another redditor repost it for karma?
Bioshock Infinite: limited weapon loadout, uninteresting plot and linear setting, too easy mook battles and too hard boss battles. I ran out of money for respawns at the graveyard battle and I ran out of interest at the same time. Wargame Red Dragon: no tutorial, designers expect you to have played the first two games, newcomers need mentoring by experienced gamers to get into the basics. The most frustrating game I've ever played. I'm not new to military RTS games (favorite being Rise of Nations) but when your Steam counter shows eight hours spent in game and you still can't figure out why you're winning and losing, there's something wrong with the game's accessibility. Half Life 2: not a bad game, but I don't understand the hype. It's got some limited NPC interaction, some vehicle sequences, and otherwise is a basic shooter with platforming elements. I got up to the lawn tunnel tripods bit and died several times and lost interest. Might have been groundbreaking on release, but now there's nothing special about it to make it must-play gaming.
I hear you on Bioshock Infinite. Oddly, I initially felt negatively towards Dishonored, because of the cliche opening plot. But by the time I played a few hours in, I was hooked. I loved Thief the Dark Project back in the day, and this game was a worthy heir.
Gimme Ursula Andress every time.
Just ordered the original Pokemon Blue and Red for Game Boy. Hoping to use them to trigger the Mew Glitch and get all 151 Pokemon! (I'm about halfway through playing Pokemon Yellow on my N64 via Game Boy Transfer Pak.)
State or country.
In 2000, the Nintendo road show did actually come to my country in Europe and I rode the train down to the truck and got a Mew for my then-girlfriend. Unfortunately I then taught it Fly which she was annoyed about. :/
Cool!
My mom is a Muslim. She doesn't practice very strictly, but her one rule is: don't eat pork in the house. She went to the hospital to give birth to my brother, and my dad brought home this new type of food called "bacon"...
[This thread in the Steam Community](http://steamcommunity.com/app/287450/discussions/0/540744474973293679/) may have some useful info. I recall I had this problem too, but I fixed it and I don't remember how.
The old Johnson and Johnson Baby Shampoo fragrance. It's been discontinued for years in the U.S. I only ever encounter it on my trips abroad and it smells like childhood and innocence and my mother's mild annoyance at having to clean up the bathwater splashes on the floor.
In my city, Guangzhou, there is a skyscraper nicknamed the Electric Razor because of its shape, and it actually captures and converts enough wind energy to be self supporting off the grid. It was originally designed to give back excess electricity to the power grid, but ultimately because the grid is an inflexible state owned enterprise, it wouldn't accept the electricity generated and they scrapped that idea.
German tankers and infantry were amazed to discover, in the aftermath of many hard fought battles during Operation Barbarossa, that the fierce Soviet resistance included many female soldiers, especially snipers, who fought in inhuman conditions with meager supplies against overwhelming numerical odds.
I did this in 2010 and never looked back. I store the archive on Google Drive and I can access it from any computer. It has a thirty seven letter long master password that doesn't feature any dictionary terms, so I'm happy about its security. The importance of saving it in cloud lies in the fact that I can update or change passwords and have it remain consistent across computers, which would not be the case if I saved it locally.
Enjoyed it overall, though it cemented my outsider inclinations for a bit. The school was one of Britain's top feeder schools for pro sports. It was also a Christian boarding school. I had no interest in religion or sports. Luckily the teachers were conscientious and I was a good student. I got good grades and I found some sports I enjoyed (though low profile and thus useless for the school's achievement boards). I made some friends through humour, DnD, and fencing and judo and they've become fast friends. (I just went to the wedding of one in London, flying all the way from China to do so, in honor of twenty five years of friendship.) I didn't date, but that was okay because it was a mostly boy's school (five to one gender ratio) and the girls weren't really the type that is conducive to healthy relationships, perhaps through no fault of their own but based on the environment alone. I had a good teacher who encouraged me to think for myself and to be skeptical of assertions and of authority. Basically, I think of high school as college come five years early: I learned to be independent, I met some good folks in the niches, and I accepted that I didn't have much in common with the mainstream. I actually became a lot more mainstream as an adult, at least socially.
For a couple of weeks, I was the top scorer worldwide on the Wii Rock Band 3 leaderboards for several Queen songs.
Yep, this was in 1998 and I'd interviewed at University and got relegated to Corpus Christi. One of the folks who interviewed me was ridiculously young. She was like twentysomething years old and apparently a lecturer already.
I was in the UK recently and the characteristic red telephone booths had been converted to Wi-Fi hot spots. However they required you to sign on using an app or something with a registered account and I didn't have the right stuff. So I wandered London on my own looking for video gaming stores to find a copy of Mario Tennis for the N64. And coming away empty handed, I ordered one off eBay from a guy in Ukraine named Artyom. It arrived at my place in Guangzhou and the Chinese police impounded it thinking it was some sort of subversive software. I got it back. And now my girlfriend is playing it. She's Daisy. The end.
W'all muthafuckas need Jesus
Rizlas cigarette rolling papers also do this.
My friend is U.S. born and has a degree from Rutgers. I had to explain what a toilet fan was and how to turn it on and why this is the courteous thing to do in my house after you take a shit in my toilet. The man is twenty seven.
I asked my father for more life. He was nonplussed.
Pre-release purchases of game software. Parenthood for everybody regardless of their inclination, preferences, financial situations, or responsibleness. Lawbreakers doing it for the infamy and news coverage (this is happening now as mass shootings have begun omitting the names of the suspects). Gamble-and-bailout practices by financial institutions. Overuse of italics, bold, underlining, etc. in websites and resumes.
Screws. Just think about how they work, and what sort of mechanical or mathematical visionary first thought them up.
Probably the sex change operation footage from South Park when the teacher became a woman.
This is worth a thought, OP. I can't speak for you, but my mid twenties were a time of periodic reassessment of my circle of friends. In college or grad school you can count people as friends because of shared experiences. But once you're out beyond a group cohort born of happenstance, it's up to you to look at who they really are, what they value, what they actually do with their lives. And ask yourself the same questions. And ask yourself whether you fit together well. As I've aged, I've found the argument of a shared past ("but we've been through X, Y, and Z together!") to be less important than the future prospects moving forwards. It's also part and parcel of affirmatively choosing your friends, rather than passively accepting the folks that happenstance throws your way as friends.
Actually the largest sandwich you could make and still stay on land would be one person in China and one person in Argentina. There is not much of the world that has landmass at both ends of the antipodes. There was a cool link for this, lemme find it. Edit: I tell a lie! [This picture](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/64/Antipodes_LAEA.png) shows that although China/Argentina is the majority of the available antipodes, it's by no means the only one. In fact there appears to be an equatorial one with Malaysia or PNG and Ecuador or Bolivia which would probably be bigger, given the ovoid bulge at the equator.
Versace actually looks like something you'd expect to see at Jabba's palace.
Overseas, maybe. C.f. Dalai Lama, South China Sea dispute, Taiwan sovereignty, etc etc. Domestically, however, they're doing all right. And although that's questionable from a long game view, most nations' policy making have historically had to focus on keeping the constituents happy before worrying too much about overseas opinion. They probably have to spend their manpower on internal propaganda first before caring about overseas opinion.
I'll tell you. Because I'd never heard of it until now. And now it is on my playlist. And thanks for the suggestion.
Wasn't there an article about how the Chinese police are essentially doing this with civilians and their social media/criminal history? It raised a ruckus with the Reddit crowd.
Bryant said two of the skinjobs got aced trying to cross the transit ways but there are still four more out there.
If you don't vote, you are literally an idiot. (At least according to the ancient Greek etymology of the word. "Idiot" derives from a classical Greek term describing one who does not participate in their city state's politics despite having the right to do so.)
I have some off color blue Speedo swimming trunks. Does this make me an aquamarine?
I saw it at age 19 in a friend's basement on VHS. I got the director's cut, so no voiceover, which meant I had to pay extra attention if I wanted to follow it properly. Unfortunately, I was dicking around with some 3D twisted metal puzzles, so I was not paying attention. The movie ended and I thought it was the biggest load of nonsensical pretentious wiffle I'd ever seen. I then came back to watch it again with the theatrical voiceover, and although the voiceover is a bit annoying, it is actually very good at keeping the viewer abreast of what's going on. I loved the movie afterwards. Oddly, I had the exact same problem with Inception - the first time I watched it, I was doing something else and I thought it was meaningless airy-fairy arthouse drivel. Second time round with proper attention, I enjoyed it greatly.
"The power to tax is the power to destroy."
It's the only planet with David Beckham's right foot.
&gt; big ol' floppy titties. I used to be that way but now I prefer compact titties, or CTs. Technological progress in storage mediums, etc.
Step one: Cut a hole in the box
Ich finde Hurensöhns Ersten Sonate einfach klasse!
In late October, I went to the London wedding of my oldest friends from high school. He picked me up at the airport and we hung out for an evening and caught up on old times. Most of his guests at the wedding were from his Cambridge days and they were surprised to meet me as I'd known him since we were both ten. I was also free most far flung guest as I'd come all the way from southern China to see him. We don't talk that much because of distance and time difference. But when we do talk, it's like nothing has changed and we're both as fluent and familiar with each other as we ever were.
Chopin's Nocturne Op. 27 No. 2 It's slow going.
"Oh, this is so much *more* than a bag...!"
And you've made me foolish. And the life I lead foolish too.
This is a very close cousin of "some day people will post TIL about how Star Wars wasn't actually started by Disney but instead by some guy named George Lucas".
This was one of the first ever tips I found on Reddit and it has saved me on many occasions. I usually input the recipients into the body of the email first, and then when I'm all done I'll cut and paste them into the recipient field.
When I was a kid, I used to sketch creative new levels in Mario. Lots of airships and underground levels etc. Now in my thirties I just got Super Mario Maker and I'm all out of ideas.
No, I make that statement because the Foreign Affairs Manual (the regulatory rulebook for visa processing at U.S. embassies and consulates) literally conflates the two in the exact same section and paragraph. It may be intellectually inaccurate but it's a fair statement of the laws and regulations. I'm not a fan of it myself either.
There may be other designated poop-free zones, c'mon, let's not judge...
I never got past Tom Bombadil in LOTR, and I've tried to read it about half a dozen times. It doesn't help that it's almost all songs and poems.
I don't enjoy Puerto Rico. Setup with counting chips and starting citizens takes a long time, and the long term strategy is greatly disrupted by actions of your peers. Unless you put a lot of time into familiarizing with the game, it's frustrating at the tactical level. Plus they have the whole "don't show your points in a superficial exercise of masking actual progress" mechanic that I don't like at all. Smallworld is also a surprisingly shallow game after a few plays. Edit spelling making to masking
Yes, but that probably owed more to the political disintegration of the Soviet Union rather than the limitations of its technology or the merits of its scientific achievements.
It was a decommissioned weather satellite, if I recall correctly. So it was serving no useful purpose in space and they decided it would make for a good demonstration of their missile tech and telemetry.
I remember this doing the rounds of the internet around the early 2000s... [Giant robot vagina lasers](http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m8f82yVHNv1rdp2jwo1_1280.jpg)
I did actually go to the Nintendo roadshow to download Mew. I didn't play Pokémon but my girlfriend did. She died in 2003 and I actually discovered her old copy of Pokémon Yellow in my N64 Game Boy pak just last year. The (current) gf and I are playing through it now. I also got Blue and Red too just for completeness' sake.
Kate Beckinsale is like the real life equivalent of Joanna Dark, the protagonist of Perfect Dark.
35 year old straight male, Johnny Depp.
Did you know that you can sort of sing the Star Spangled Banner to the tune of the Soviet National Anthem???
I got stuck in this game. There is a group of undead near a bridge, northeast (?) of the town. They keep TPKing my party. I changed computers and haven't worked up the momentum to return to the game.
I had already completed my master's degree by the time my colleagues started using Wikipedia to look things up routinely.
I agree. Also, not every sci-fi fan necessarily likes Firefly, but loved some or all of the other shows you mentioned. I like sci-fi but I find it weird how Firefly is held up in such high regard.
Excellent response. It's worth noting that even Queen themselves had no idea the song would get so big. Freddie Mercury, who wrote the thing, thought it would top out at #3 on the charts, instead of doing 14 weeks (combined) at #1.
"That's not the way to get ahead in life." "Too bad he wasn't more headstrong." "He'll never get to be the head of a major corporation."
Let's call it "Ix". It'll fit the whole "ninth planet" thing with the Roman numerals, as well as being something of a tribute to Douglas Adams and the childhood nickname of Ford Prefect. (With a possible callout to Tricia Macmillan's travels in MH.)
I loved Star Wars Rebellion (Supremacy in the EU) for the PC as well, and I've been looking for a galactic management and military game ever since. I have Empire at War but haven't installed it yet (from a Steam gift). Would you recommend Republic at War? Is that for the PC game as a fan mod or similar?
Chinese zhajiang mian is a very close cousin of jajangmyeon in Korea and it's also delicious. In a port city, try steamed fish or squirrel-fried fish (refers to how the fish is filleted before deep frying). If you're a vegetarian, you have lots of choices with the gluten, soy, and mushroom products available. My local place does a great vegetarian dish with bamboo, mushrooms, gluten, and soy all cooked in a clay pot with soy sauce and sesame oil.
It's much more popular up north. There are some great Lao Beijing teahouses which serve it with five different sauces to mix and match. Very good food!
Played this after storming through 1 and 2 to get to it. Didn't get the plot, didn't like the linear levels, and couldn't find a comfortable challenge level between the easy mooks and the frustrating bosses. Ran out of money to respawn on the graveyard fight. Never been back. Can't into pronouns either.
Just tried hákarl (fermented shark) in Iceland. It was kind of like a rubbery cheese with an ammonia smell. The ammonia is why they have to bury and ferment it, as it's toxically strong otherwise.
I couldn't figure out what my favorite gun type was. I was debating between the NATO assault rifles and the various combat shotguns. Then along came a Vintorez and I was in love.
Yes but the universe of what he could choose in terms of foods and goods is much smaller than what we enjoy today. The labor used to create what you wear, eat, and use day to day is far less. It costs far less as well. You may earn less than a king but you'll be spending less of that on clothes and food relative to medieval times. If you feel unwell, medical care is available and the universe of treatable diseases is far larger than that available to past kings. You can sleep in an affordable bed with blankets that are mass manufactured rather than hand knitted, with air that's centrally heated instead of sooty from a fireplace, and with water and food in your belly that's free from parasites and most bacteria. Sure, you may not have a staff catering to your whims. But labor saving advances are much to thank for that.
I was raised in America by Chinese parents and then I went to Britain for education. I will go to the mat to defend the honor of British roast meats and pastries. Beef Wellington is an ideal mixture of both. Spotted dick still makes me giggle like a twelve year old.
Yeah. Me too, man. Me too.
It sucks. Consider credit card companies who will sue you in court and spend thousands of dollars to do so, regardless of how small your unpaid due amount is. They can and will spend more than they can recover, because it sends a message to customers: the rules are firm and cannot be broken with impunity. The gun store owners were in the same situation. Sure, it's a tiny amount of money, but it's a refused payment from their livelihood. It's tragic that the owner (and his son) died over it, but I can definitely understand the "no exceptions" approach to this. I wonder if small claims court could have been a viable option for either party. Say if the customer left his gun in their custody and then filed suit. A dangerous line of work either way.
But you'd wait till you got home first. Good on you kingolingus
I look at your username and I can't help but suspect you might be partial to his animal rescue initiatives and/or a badger.
What's a water closet?
There is one obnoxious design choice which left me in save slot suicide permanently. If you ever try to pass through a door while completely underwater, make sure you have a stable save slot before.
Milliways, the Restaurant at the End of the Universe. I hear the beef is humanely prepared.
And if the game is very complicated and sophisticated, a decent step by step tutorial wouldn't hurt either. I'm looking at you, Wargame Red Dragon.
For conspiracy, I just watched L.A. Confidential for maybe the twelfth time. The book by James Ellroy is high on my reading list. If the movie did the book any justice at all, it's a delightfully complex mesh of conspiracies and counterplots. If you just like seeing harmless (ha!) political machinations in a collegiate setting, check out Porterhouse Blue by Tom Sharpe. It's a British savage satire of donnish life and the petty political squabbles, as well as some sharp insightful plotting and smart moves by both sides. (Pillars of the Earth by Ken Follett also has some fun plotting as well, if you don't mind your conspiracies more medieval in flavor - and peppered with rapine, pillaging, and looting throughout.)
"...information vital to the safeguarding of the Circus..."
TFA only once. I've seen ESB many times and each time it's still amazing
I'd heard it was either Cos Palpatine or Dashit Palpatine. The later sounds faintly South Asian to me (Bengali? Hindi?).
Pillars of the Earth Porterhouse Blue
Even stuff like Tropic Thunder is filled with fairly deft inside knowledge.
Even stuff like the popularity of Simple Jack is at least partially grounded in fact: all the drug mercenaries seem to speak Mandarin Chinese, and Forrest Gump was the first really well known Hollywood movie to be allowed in to China, where it became decently successful and most younger Chinese folks have seen it.
Get Shorty was another great example of Hollywood insiders doing a movie about Hollywood insiders.
Yes, another recommendation for Bioshock 1&amp;2 from me. Infinite is very different from the prequels and I enjoyed the prequels much more.
How about you lend me a sixty eight and I'll owe you one
Ah, the old inclusive statement vs exclusive statement debate...
No More Heroes had wildly inconsistent boss difficulties. This is at least consistent with the rest of the game, which has wildly inconsistent everything. Bioshock Infinite's graveyard fight was too difficult for me and I stopped playing after I ran out of money to respawn. Metroid Prime 2 had a spider ball boss that I have only ever beaten once after numerous hours of attempts... And then I had to reload because I realized I'd forgotten to scan it for a 100% runthrough.
Mandara from Shinobi was pretty crazy. The game even lowers the difficulty level a bit after you die the first time against it.
I bought the house where my parents are currently living. I take care of them because they are elderly and need me.
Deedle-dee-dee Deedle-dee-dee Dee-dee-dee...
Some games are extremely distant for computer brute force calculation to work. Social games (e.g. Mau Mau) are a good example. But yes, a computer that can play weiqi/go better than a human champion is a big huge deal, and kudos to Google.
Thanks for the clarification, that's an important detail. Looks like the algorithm is heavily adaptive.
Reykjavik has the Phallological Museum. Which I imagine is a museum of logical fallacies.
I also wasn't familiar with this term, but I think I like it. I shall go forth and ~~impress~~ *endlessly annoy* young people by making an earnest attempt to incorporate it into my conversation, starting with my receptionist. (Possible LPT for parents: get your kids to stop thinking a song or phrase is cool by immediately singing it or using it in your own conversation. They well very quickly declare it to be lame and abandon it to your unhip, non-daddy-o sorry ass.)
That boss from Conker's Bad Fur Day?
That's phallo-tending hetero-romantic ursine-kin to you, cis SithLord!
Largely because of the colonies, I understand...
Apparently the Earth and the Solar System is moving away from a reference point of the Last Known Scattering at a relative velocity of about 0.2c. I found this out after asking about Immovable Rods in DnD.
Anything by Studio Ghibli, but of all of them it would have to be Princess Mononoke. Some movies portray two warring sides fairly, each with their own valid agenda and their own justifications for their increasingly heinous actions. Mononoke does this for three separate factions. A really amazing movie emphasizing that one side's hero is another side's terrorist.
A little learning's a dangerous thing Drink deep, or taste not the Pierian Spring There shallow draughts intoxicate the brain And drinking largely sobers us again.
Is there a larger megafauna species that could do this without injuring themself? Like a whale?
Your username makes me think you might be a Jedi. ...are you?
Reet so Ahm settin doon at'telleh, Ahve goat meh neeps'n'tatties an Ahm aal set t'havagaanatthe nyüs like. Soodinleh viss proppa ponce comon an he's aal "Good evening, and here is the nine o'clock news." Ah maen, oodafooxgunnaroonderstanvat, eh?
You magnificent bastard.
The only bit that seemed to have a slight difficulty jump in the usual progression was the Them! quest. It's still eminently doable, but you might need to play it safe 'n' sneaky if you try that quest early.
Fallout 3. Use the cheat console to summon the Bad Ass Chinese Assault Rifle from Operation Anchorage and you can kill every enemy in the game in one or (occasionally) two shots.
Weird headline words like "slams" and "mulls" etc. are relics of the newsprint era, when you had to get creative with headlines in limited space. Hopefully they'll change it up as media moves online. Although if current trends are anything to go by, they'll just make you watch a superficially detailed video instead of a thorough print report. And a quarter of that video's duration will be an ad.
That more alcoholic drinks = better. I'm pretty much a one-drink guy now. If I have any more it'll screw up my sleep that night. On the rare occasions when I have two drinks, I'll have to thin them out with several glasses of water in between and afterwards.
Also, before the piece was called the queen (and given her current high power), it was called the vizr and was the weakest piece on the board, only able to move and capture one square diagonally.
Don't Try Suicide, also by Queen
Needs to win by Episode VII in order to watch A New Hope.
Aside from my high school French, parts of the Marcel Pagnol play, Topaze (plus the live action duology Jean de Florette/Manon des Sources), and one single obscene joke from Killing Zoe, je l'ai tout oublié. Ma cousine cadette a commencé à étudier le français, et elle m'a demandé l'assistance. Je lui ai dit "je suis seulement un pête Anglophone, je sais rien et plus important je souviens rien". Un bon nom est mellieure d'une ceinture d'or. Honi soit la vache qui rit. Mon ami Obélix a un pétit chien Dogmatix, et ils sont foux, cets Romains! Zut alors.
The multiple defenestrations of Prague sound like lazy recycling of a plot point. A bit like game designers reusing a level layout, or George Lucas reusing the Death Star (followed by Disney reusing it a third time).
The gorilla was technically black, too. Story checks out.
It was like 2.5 Ke$ha
"Yeah, yeah, it's all fun and games until somebody loses an eye!"
Could be that its copyright lapsed and nobody is willing to try to claim exclusivity. I've heard that Capra's "Wonderful Life" also fell out of copyright somehow so it's a popular Christmas movie to broadcast.
ROGUE CONSCIOUSNESS ROGUE CONSCIOUSNESS ROGUE CONSCIOUSNESS
All my coworkers are cool people. But if I had to pick one who has a faintly difficult quirk, it would have to be the one who's a traditional Chinese woman. She doesn't take orders well from people younger than her, which means everybody in the organization. The only person who can give her orders is the company owner.
Hitman 2 is flexible enough both for massacres and stealth play. Plenty of fun guns too.
Man, ain't even the same ballpark. It ain't even the same sport.
The Anti pope?
Actually that's a good point. (Heh heh... Point.) The Greeks had Hermes statues with exaggerated phalluses to be blessed to ensure fertility. The Japanese have that one village where erection statues are venerated. The Dark Lord of the Sith had a glans-shaped helmet, etc.
Oh crap, that reminds me of a horrible news story from the nineties where the CBS anchor had to read out a report about an inmate who sued the state after he was sodomized by a toilet plunger. I was a childish immature teen and I couldn't stop laughing at that. I'm pretty sure if I just stopped and thought about it a second I'd be pretty quiet.
Um... Yeah... I'm gonna, you know, go ahead and agree with you there, mmkay?
Bra-high-ties... burning like fire... : shivers in bedroom :
Geburt einer Nation, by Laibach. I'm on mobile so I can't link it, but it's a fairly literal translation into German of Queen's famous anthem "One Vision". You now, the song that goes *One flesh, one bone, one true religion* *One race, one hope, one real decision* *Woah woah woah woah gimme one vision!* Well, translate that into German and sing it in a death growl and suddenly the lyrics take on a highly sinister light. *Ein Fleisch, ein Blüt, ein wahre Glaube* *Eine Rasse und ein Traum, ein starker Wille* *Ja, ja, jawohl, jawohl, gibt mir ein Leitbild!* The bit where Freddie Mercury asks for "*just one solution*" translates especially grimly into Hitler-esque "*nur eine Lösung*".
I love her *Ne Me Quitte Pas*
I can't get over how great the Knockout Ned plotline is. It's like the perfect description of how somebody can start off with a clear, set, unambiguous moral code and then slowly erode away into brutal killing. "You start off with the rule." (Ned sparing unnecessary bloodshed.) "Then the rule admits an exception." (Carrot saves Ned just in time from an apparent unarmed bystander.) "Finally, the exception becomes the rule." (Ned and the rest of them opening fire indiscriminately into the premises.) Chilling stuff... and an object lesson for anybody who thinks they can employ violence judiciously "limited only to the greater moral good". These things tend to have a vicious downward spiral, and it's a rare moral fiber that can resist it.
Interesting, that's good to know It could simply be a move to generate good will. This is harder to quantify on the accounting books but a persuasive pitch by marketing could do it.
Digitized memory. Never forget important stuff again.
"Where are the Snowdens of yesteryear?"
Another one is "typhoon". 台风 Although my favorite one (and possibly bogus, but fun) is "canteen". 餐厅
Wasn't incest okay for at least part of the bible too?
I dunno, he neutrally expressed interest in hearing the other poster's performance, and the other poster was kind enough to post it. Neither side was obnoxious about it or combative. And I got to see a great performance, so it's a win for me as well!
TIL it was famous. Although don't get me wrong, it was a cool street with fun shops. But if it was a landmark then sadly I was just an oblivious clueless tourist...
Dragon Age Origin allows same sex romances, but only with one character of each gender, I think. And the female character who sleeps with a female lead player happens to be pretty annoying. (Also I didn't like the game despite its rave reviews, but that appears to be a fairly outlier opinion.)
As a citizen of the USA who was educated in the UK and now works in the PRC, I guess I'm SOL :(
Instructions unclear, penis safely tucked away in lower body undergarments, as is fitting and proper for a civilized member (hurr hurr!) of society.
The original post, years ago, had such a good title that the picture wouldn't even be in any way remarkable without it. The title was 99% of the post quality.
The soundtrack for Jet Force Gemini
I dunno, I didn't think the gameplay mechanics of the Rogue series matched the XvT series of games. XvT felt like a military simulation of space dogfighting. Rogue felt more like an arcade game. I thought XvT handled the warhead reloads, mission objectives, and especially the sensors much better than Rogue did. Although I still have my N64 and the graphics and backdrops of Rogue were more varied and interesting, given that the XvT series all took place in space.
Amélie, that is. Her mom is still dead.
What is this, the bridge of the *Spaceballs 1*?
The line between the two can be pretty blurry sometimes. I'm not sure either.
I started off disagreeing with you, but then I got to the bottom of your post and saw that you had several alternative solutions which seem pretty workable. And now I'm conflicted.
I can definitely see that, too. I guess it's a facet of "your financial situation determines the merit of an action".
Also, not so much a fake lyric, but during the drum instrumental bridge of One Vision, at the end of each fourth measure you can hear the entire band shouting the words "One Vision". It's faintly audible over the intense double drumbeat.
For first person games, Deus Ex, Hitman, and Thief. For concept game, Scribblenauts.
For me, the same when the Emperor QinShiHuang's palace at Xianyang was destroyed by rebels. QinShiHuang had already burned every copy of certain books to secure his reign, keeping only one single copy of each at his palace in case they turned out to be useful. The rebels destroyed his palace and also inadvertently destroyed the sole known copies of many books.
Raj is a large novel told sequentially from four different people's viewpoints.
I think this makes sense from a legal culpability viewpoint. Firstly, the kid leaving the sight of the parent is understandable. It happens all the time, and even a reasonably prudent parent could have an unreasonably evasive kid who just vanishes for the few seconds necessary for an accident. Secondly, the damage done was the death of a gorilla at the zoo. Gorillas don't have inherent rights under the (human) legal system, so the next default interest is the zoo's property interest in the gorilla. The zoo has already said it didn't want to charge or sue the parents. (Can you imagine the PR hit they would take?) So that's that. It sucks for the gorilla, but human actions destroy wildlife and natural life all the time without legal consequence. And there's a rational logical reason for that: the human justice system was intentionally created to give people another recourse beyond and above the laws of natural survival. Unless and until this changes, there's no legal foul here.
Yes, even Bernie has the view that change wouldn't be automatic just because he or a progressive candidate wins the election. He has urged progressive voters to keep current at local elections and politics. Potus is just one seat among many, and it was always going to take a long-term effort to make change.
Yeah, remember when everybody was using iminus to host gifs until it started trying to cram stupid popup ads and an app down your throat? Nobody uses iminus now. Seriously, imgur needs to stop with this. It's a rare example of a redditor doing something really amazing for the community and if they cock it up now for apps and ads then it's an unworthy endgame for a previously good site.
I may have to watch it, my roommate won't stop talking about it. Although watching the show has made a big difference in how this Chinese roommate views jobs, family, and life in general.
Well, that's only 10 p.m. California time right? Oh, and 1 p.m. China time! I should probably tune in!
Parakeets can't vote though.
You're a poet but you don't know it. Or... wait... hang on. You're a pundit when you accidentally punned it.
It's Late has some stunning lyrics. "Let the fire take our bodies this night... Let the waters take our guilt in the tide." I can only imagine the internal conflict that the writer was wrestling with in his own troubled relationships when he wrote those lyrics. Innuendo is like the sort of music I wish an entire album could be composed of. The world needs more bad-ass sinister "evil armies" style marches.
Circus folk. Smell of cabbage. Small hands.
I actually stopped playing Zelda games around the GameCube era and I've never gone back. Oot really frustrated me because there were loads of puzzles that relied on one single valid solution, and if for whatever reason you couldn't read the mind of the designer, you were stuck. I think I had to consult GameFAQs a good dozen times during that damn game after I started wandering cluelessly around the landscape. I love Majora's Mask. Something about its puzzle design was weirdly more intuitive for me, and I hoped the series was becoming more natural instead of contrived 2D style puzzles in a deceptive 3D environment. I got Wind Waker for GameCube and I think I got stuck right at the beginning. There's a bit where you're swinging through some caves and you have to change direction. Apparently the way to do this is to hold down the R button to stop swinging and then to reorient. None of the materials of the game told me this so I was immediately stuck again. By then, I was doing my Master's degree so time was tight. Once I lost momentum, I wasn't coming back to a game in a hurry, and I've never bought or played any later Zelda titles. Are they still designed in a similar way, with "one solution, read my mind" style puzzles? Or have they gone the way of Majora with more context-intuitive puzzles (or even like Deus Ex with multiple correct solutions for example)? I have a WiiU but the only game I've lived on it were the 2D Mario games. I'm still very, very leery of Zelda being a frustrating counterintuitive time sink.
