If you want kids to stay away from something, don't tell them that moms disapprove. When I was a kid, the fact that my mom didn't want me to watch The Simpsons just made me want to watch it even more.
Aw man I'd love either Marth or Robin. I've been close to getting each one with no success :(
Louisiana scores lower on most of those statistics though.
How dare they take children to a theme park run by the world's largest purveyor of children's media?
Most stores stocked Wario at strangely low levels for a Mario character.
Wait, you need to sign up for it? I thought they were just going to distribute it through Windows Update.
Download a new OS disc image from Macintosh garden and reinstall.
Wow whoever you traded with got screwed.
It's not a touch screen, but I love the design of those old easel displays. If I were you I would still try to buy it :p
Wow that sucks. But hey, at least it's still a marginally better investment that setting a stack of bills on fire.
Wow I can relate to that. It's funny, I can now afford to have the top model for most every tech category, and yet I still get excited when I find a deal for a good condition 15 year old Mac on Craigslist.
1997 would have been 100 years since Queen Victoria's Diamond Jubilee, so the mug could have been commemorating that one. (I had to look it up, Victoria and Elizabeth II are the only monarchs to have celebrated a Diamond Jubilee) But those companies that make the "collectible keepsakes" that usually end up in discount shops do get pretty desperate for events to make commemorative objects for.
Yep, [Just like one of the previous attempts at building a libertarian paradise](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Minerva_Reefs#Republic_of_Minerva), they'll be invaded once they actually start to build a settlement (and no, a hippy camp that isn't even in the disputed territory doesn't count). If they keep trying to build there, one of the countries will do more than just block access with police to keep them out.
&gt; He must have thick fucking skin If I was making the kind of money he is, I wouldn't care what people say about me either.
One of the things I hate about where I work is that everyone is either too old or too young to have kids in Girl Scouts. I just want to buy some cookies damn it!
A lot of the IC2 metals are alloys, though it also adds copper.
For some reason, the post reminded me of that movie "Being John Malkovich", and I'm hoping that's what you're referencing.
Yeah I guess you're right, I didn't think about it like that.
Macs are the preferred computer for a lot of programmers and other IT people.
Well, have fun listening to a guy sing like he just had his tongue removed.
Every popular kids show has porn though. I've seen Scooby Doo porn on 4chan. If you get rid of MLP porn, there will just be something else. The Internet isn't a safe place, and this is why kids need supervision when they use it.
I hate that attitude. I worked as a stagehand in college and had a lot of fun. It was hard work, but it's more fun helping to set lights and stage equipment than making food at some fast food place. There would always be those who want to just stand around and not get their hands dirty because they just want to see a free show.
I hope that's an easily removable tape like gaff tape and not duct tape, otherwise you'll never get all the residue off.
I didn't say they're necessarily better, I said they're preferred. A lot of programmers prefer Unix, and OS X is the most well supported Unix OS out there.
There is a chain of salvage stores in my area that sells the trash items. Basically, that TV or shirt that Walmart was going to throw away gets sold to this chain. The store marks it in such a way that you know it was salvage - for clothing, this means black marker over the label, for other goods it's usually over the original bar code or something. It can be a great way to get a deal if you're willing to dig through stuff, when they get new stock they just throw it on the shelves. It's how I got a National Geographic world atlas for $10, and a 19" PC monitor for $40, among other things.
I don't understand why people are so adamant on defending this guy. I would think people would be against child molestation no matter who did it.
I like it, so far I've played Skyrim, Star Wars The Old Republic, FF 14, and a few other games on it and it's handled them pretty well. I didn't get the base model though, I got the one with the i5. It's also a good little Windows PC if you add a keyboard and mouse (it only comes with the Xbox controller). The Netflix Metro app is pretty nice, as are all the tablet style apps. Basically the same things you do to make the app finger friendly also make it easier to use from ten feet away. On the desktop I also changed some of the accessibility options to make things more readable from the couch. I made the system fonts a bit larger, and used the option to increase the size of the task bar and windows, again to make it usable from ten feet away. All in all, it's a pretty nice machine and I highly recommend it. It has a lot of power for its small size, and is still quieter than my Xbox 360.
I had to look her up on Wikipedia because I had never heard of her before. I don't know much about that situation, but if she molested her sister than she deserves the same amount of public shame.
The bases in the Keys are probably better situated to prevent a blockade of the gulf coast. Gitmo is on the southeast side of Cuba, but it's the northwestern side that borders the gulf. The Florida Keys have always been strategically important for defending the gulf, and the US military has operated bases there since before southern Florida was habitable.
Yeah, I'm sure no one in the audience at the World Wide Developer Conference cared about changes to developer account.
Yeah but at those extreme levels of wealth, money is more like the score in a Mario game than a real tangible thing. Those guys probably only have a few hundred thousand dollars in cash, the vast majority of their worth is in investments of varying levels of liquidity and real estate. If you take $1 billion from someone worth $10 billion, chances are they aren't going to notice it until Forbes publishes the rich guy high score list.
Dropbox is also disadvantaged compared to Apple, Google, and Microsoft in that it's not built in to any OS. You have to choose to install Dropbox over preinstalled alternatives, so they have to be more compelling. Price is the simplest way to do that.
Most average users are going to use the service that came with their device. Average people know that Apple and Google's services exist because the device asks you to make an account when you set it up. As far as I know, no phone or other device out there prompts you to make a Dropbox account. I'm not saying Dropbox is an inferior service, I'm saying that average people are less likely to know it exists, so Dropbox needs to work harder than the others. If Dropbox were built in to some popular OS, I'm sure it wouldn't be as cheap.
What does "Dinar" mean though? It's the only thing the picture don't explain.
Wow, all of the top GPU chips on one board!
Apple insists that having the apps open in the background doesn't harm performance at all. If they made a "close all apps" button, they would be going back on that. Apple hates admitting it was wrong.
Amazon never charges until they ship.
It looks more like alcoholism.
I haven't had issues with Best Buy with orders for even the more rare Amiibo, I'm sure this will be fine too.
The British version of his show is way better than the American version. It doesn't have that stupid drama music, and feels more like a documentary since he's narrating, rather than the smug idiot who narrates the American version. All of those little touches make it feel like he's actually trying to help the people run a better business, rather than just making a TV show.
Yeah, I agree. I mean, I'm all for being inclusive whenever possible, but only when it makes sense. Maybe they have homosexual relationships once you get into the wasteland? You're right that in the prewar fallout world, it would be as frowned upon as in the 50s. But I could see people loosening up given the whole end of the world thing.
Having a cylon next to the UFP seal just seems wrong though.
Exactly. On that human development index map, I live in one of the dark green counties, which is surrounded by yellow counties. This county is just as religious as it's neighbors, a while back our public school district actually got sued by the ACLU for pushing religion. The reason it's dark green is because the per capita and median income are both at least $10,000 higher than it's neighbors. Those Jesus pushing public schools get modern computers and textbooks, better teachers, and smaller class sizes. The students at those schools are more likely to have parents who are home enough to push and encourage them to perform as well as they can. Their parents are more likely to have gone to college, and more likely to have professional careers. They are more likely to encourage their kids into a career track, and can afford to give them assistance if they what to go to college if they want (and they are more likely to want to). Religion isn't a hindrance to prosperity or health. Religious people want quality schools, they want to raise their children to live happy, healthy lives. Poverty is what prevents those things. Poverty is also not caused by religion. Most of the wealthiest parts of the country are as religious as everyone else. Poverty is it's own vicious cycle. Every cause for poverty is also an effect. Bad education leads to less skilled labor, who get paid less. Because they're paid less, they can't afford to pay as much in taxes. Because the local government doesn't get enough in tax revenue, they can't afford to fund schools as adequately as they should. Poverty isn't fixed by getting rid of Jesus, it's much more complex than that. To fix poverty we must first rid ourselves of senses of entitlement and greed and build a society where people's basic needs are considered a human right. If you ask me, that's a much nobler cause than ridding the world of religion.
Is that really what Sony calls their smart watch? That's really shitty branding. They probably can't even trademark that.
Microsoft actually does make Mac software for a lot of their products. I know there is a Mac version of Intellipoont, Microsofts mouse software. You should be able to expect at least basic functionality from the standard USB HID drivers though.
Well some parts of Canada are always cold...
&gt;with the exception of the Scott's Tots trainwreck I love the trainwreck episodes though. My favorite episode of the show is probably Dinner Party. It's so gloriously awkward, and almost all of the humor comes from the characters reacting to Michael and Jan's ridiculously dysfunctional relationship. Scott's Tots is a runner up for the same reasons. This is the same type of humor that made the British version a success, and I think the reason why a lot of fans of the UK one don't like the U.S. version.
What, Tim Hortons didn't give that away?
I realize what sub this is, but the Nazis actually did make plans for the future German state which are quite interesting to read about. For starters, [here's what the Nazi's envisioned as German territory after the war](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Greater_Germanic_Reich). The Nazis decided that they were to build the successor to the Holy Roman Empire, and so they would expand Germany's borders to include all areas with populations of ethnic Germans. As such, this great empire would need a great capital, so after the war, Berlin was to be rebuilt as a modern Rome. Albert Speer, the Nazi Party's chief architect, was to basically redesign the whole city. [The Nazi party actually had it's own architectural style](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nazi_architecture), sort of a combination between modernism and neoclassicism. Of course, none of this redeems the horrible things the Nazi regime stood for, but I do think it's fascinating to read about. The Nazis really "perfected" the fascist state, in addition to the governmental order they planned, they also spent a considerable amount of time planning the cultural legacy of the Third Reich. All of this was part of the propaganda, designed to create a culture which people would want to be a part of. And it worked, Hitler and the Nazis remained relatively popular with German people even toward the end days of the war. People never questioned the camps and failing war effort because of the well crafted propaganda machine reminding them that all of this was for the betterment of all ethnic Germans. This stuff is something everyone should know about, because it's scary how close they were to succeeding creating a true socially and culturally engineered fascist state.
I know that, but outside Canada it's just a regular fast food place. But in Canada, it's bigger than McDonalds. Probably the closest analogue is that Canadians love Tim Hortons like Californians love In-N-Out Burger.
The problem with her little stands (and I say that because posting a letter on the Internet is literally the least she could do) is that Taylor Swift and her defenders seem to forget that before streaming services came around, total revenues from music sales had been falling thanks to the increasing availability of non legitimate sources for acquiring media. Regardless of your opinion on illegal downloads, the fact is that it's here and it's not going anywhere. The hydra that is The Pirate Bay should have made that completely obvious by now. Spotify and Rdio and Apple Music were all created for a recorded music market that has to compete with free. These services need to be cheap enough that people decide to use them over just grabbing a torrent of everything. Every time I hear her complain about streaming services devaluing her music, I wonder if she's ever seen a website offering free downloads of Taylor_Swift_completediscography_320kbps.zip
I do love their approach, because for a lot of the cars people think of as terrible, it's really only because it's supposed to be the cheap model. Now, cutting corners isn't necessarily good, but it's far more egregious if it's done on something that isn't the budget model.
That's debatable. I personally don't consider what he or any other rapper does to be real talent.
TIL that the xkcd characters have names
Don't you know? All redditors are from Roanoke.
Well I hate to help validate a TRP argument, but he is kind of correct- the labia and the scrotum form from the same fetal structures, as do the ovaries and testes. Obviously one isn't *better* than the other, rather they branch from the same origin.
I have the Alienware steam box, and I highly recommend springing for the i5 one. It's only $650 on Amazon, but it runs everything pretty well. I've been playing Final Fantasy 14 on it every day since I got it 3 weeks ago on high settings and haven't seen any issues.
Steve Jobs wasn't a genius because of revolutionary technical ideas, he is a genius because of his ability to look at the available technology and make it something everyone wanted to own. The iPod is a great example of this. Before the iPod, there were plenty of MP3 players on the market. All of them were ugly, clunky devices with unintuitive software to match. The iPod was easy to use, and came with decent PC software, not to mention the legendary marketing campaign. The iPod marketing campaign was so successful that simply having white earbuds was a trend, and other companies started packing in white earbuds to follow suit. Even though they haven't run an ad like that for years, if you showed people a picture of a silhouette of a person wearing white earbuds, they would probably correctly identify it as an iPod ad. It was the same with the iPhone. The iPhone wasn't the most capable or powerful smartphone on the market, but everyone wanted one because of how easy and *fun* it was to use. If you want to see what I mean, go back and play with a Palm Treo or a Blackberry Bold. The iPhone made the smartphone accessible and desirable to people who had never wanted a smartphone before. It changed the game, and pushed the old kings of the smartphone world to the fringes of marketshare. None of the products Steve Jobs led Apple to produce were technically impressive, the technology has existed for years in many cases. What made it genius was execution and marketing. Apple had (and still has) the ability to take technology from the niche and make it desirable by the masses. Steve Jobs fostered this ideology, and that is why he is considered a genius.
It also comes with a stand, so you could just keep it and have it on a shelf.
You need a lala for the other end of the age spectrum
Yeah, that's the intention. Nobody is targeting the small neighborhood church that operates a soup kitchen, they're targeting the mega churches and organizations that operate as tax free corporations.
For some reason, I am irrationally annoyed that he decided to make his announcement for his idiotic campaign on my birthday.
That 4 player achievement would have been easy to get living on campus. When I was in college, I used to bring my Xbox to one of the lobbies, where other people would bring their controllers and we would play Halo 3. Those were fun times
I enjoy SimCity and Cities Skylines. There's no reason to hate one or the other. In my option, they're both good games.
Because they're cheap and plentiful. The only sales numbers I could find were from the 80s and 90s, and Chevrolet was selling around 300,000 Cavaliers a year in the U.S. alone. It's a cheaply made econobox designed to sell in high volume. It's the car equivalent of the cheap MDF furniture sold at Walmart.
By that logic, London should have a statue of Harry Potter because he saved the world from Voldemort.
This is one of those things that the show never really seemed to want to directly portray. Early in Enterprise, a lot of people thought Reed might be the first gay character, but that never happened. That episode you mention does feature the only same sex kiss in Trek, but even in that episode, they don't really tackle it head on. It's likely that homosexuality is viewed as acceptable and normal in the Federation, but at the time the modern series were aired, portraying gay characters on television was still pretty risky.
But hey, if you were unfortunate enough to have been named Nourmohammadi, you're in luck!
One day the world will listen to us black mages.
A lot of video streaming apps detect video out and refuse to play. The audio out is allowed because it's like using headphones.
I didn't know they come with a keyboard and mouse now. My original model just came with a controller, which was a plus because I wanted to use the Harmony keyboard.
There's really nothing that's a spoiler in his post. The only thing that has spoilers is the link, but if you care about spoilers and don't know to not trust links then I have no pity for you.
Good news, the whole film fits on one Bluray. Too bad same can't be said of the Bluray version of the Lord of the Rings extended editions.
I think some of that was the way the writers would give Reed large amounts of dialogue about being with women (notably the episode where him and Tucker are adrift in a shuttle pod). The way he would awkwardly talk about women reminds me of the way I would feel talking about sex while trying to "pass" as a straight male, if that makes any sense.
I start to throw up a bit when I see cereal with milk in it. The milk makes it all mushy and I can't stand mushy/soggy food.
That guy is totally not a Romanian click farm
Making Android open source means Google has much less control over the platform. They moved the core apps to the Play store to break them from open source in order to regain control. Even then, the fact that Android itself is still open source means that the looming threat of fragmentation still exists. Samsung could easily decide to just use the open source portion of Android and fill in the rest with their own apps like Amazon does with the Fire line if they ever decide they're sick of dealing with Google. They have the marketshare to pull it off, it's just a matter of execution.
I have a feeling it's more to do with reporting than anything else. If a person commits suicide in the middle of a remote jungle, it's possible that the body would never be found. They would just be missing because no one knew what happened to them.
5900 rpm is such an odd speed, and drive speed isn't even listed on the Amazon page, so I can't tell if it's a typo or not.
They're probably better off going to /r/buildapc and getting more specific help though. Sites offering US only rebates may not even be competitive at all in other countries.
You are, but bringing it up now would be like revving the engine of your Ferrari while sitting at a stoplight next to a guy on the side of the road standing over a broken down Ford Fiesta.
I'm amazed that they still don't think Barrack Obama is a Christian given the negative press he got during the 2008 election when the pastor of the Chicago church the Obamas attend said some horrible things in a sermon.
What was that color called, Vault-Tec Blue?
Well, at least from a logistical standpoint, reincarnation makes more sense than heaven does. A quick search suggests that it's estimated that over 100 billion people have ever lived, so even if only a small percentage of them end up in heaven, it means that heaven would likely house more souls than the entire current earth population, and that's assuming that only human souls are eligible. If I *had* to have a theory as to what happens to a person after death, it's probably what I would turn to, because it at least makes more sense than the biblical afterlife. One of the big reasons the idea of an afterlife is because no one wants to believe that a person is just gone, especially children. I'm all for raising kids without religion, but I would probably try to give them some kind of explaination like that if I didn't think they were mature enough to really deal with loss.
I agree that's the better way to go, but would you explain it that way to say a five year old? I would think less mature children would need a crutch to start to understand loss.
This is a meme? It looks like the mad scribblings on an asylum wall.
Yeah I won't be buying an Oculus simply because I wouldn't touch Facebook with a 50 foot pole. I don't care what the organizational structure is, I'm not going to feed that horrible machine.
It's all about product concept and positioning, and you're really the only one to touch on that. The iPod shuffle is the cheap player for active or irresponsible users. It's meant for workouts and kids. The iPod nano is the step up, if you want more than a 2GB iPod shuffle, Apple wants you to go for the iPod nano instead. Besides, with no screen, how the hell would you navigate more than 2GB of music? The iPod shuffle is only really meant to hold a playlist, not multiple albums.
Has Hyundai said that the 2016 Elantra GT will get the update? The dealer who sold me mine said it would but I assumed it was a rumor, I can't find anything concrete.
It's a modern reproduction of the original globe theatre, which was destroyed in the mid 1600s.
The Avatar extended edition made it a much better film IMO. Most of what was added in was character plot stuff, like the extended intro on earth or the bit where they visit the school. I hope an extended edition of The Force Awakens is the same situation, because as a film, I enjoyed it but wasn't really blown away. The Force Awakens had a lot of flash and obvious references to the original films, but little else. I walked out of the film unsure of why I should care about these new characters because the film told me almost nothing about them other than that they're the good guys.
They don't put a dedicated GPU in the 13" because there has physically not been room for one since Intel moved their integrated graphics into the north bridge. The north bridge became big enough to force the GPU off the logic board, and you can't omit it because it's a key part of the chipset.
Why do so many people have Jony Ive? I love most of his designs and he's also kind of sexy.
If there's no heat or insulation, those books have probably been exposed to water and ice, and are thus probably pretty shit fuel for a fire. And since most of Siberia is a taiga, you'll find better fuel than books for your fire outside.
On Balmung everyone was handing out elixirs for people to complete the sun minion quest and just sitting in the Amphitheater in Gridania with said minion out as if it were a candle.
It is racism because of the way they're using these arguements. They don't necessariy care about all immigrants, just the ones from Mexico (Trump's Great Wall of America for example). They think it's okay to bar specific groups from entering the country because a terrorist could slip through, like with the Syrian refugees. Or weeding out terrorists with racial profiling. How high do you think the chances of a guy named Mohammed getting extra screening at the airport are compared to a guy named Bob? Racism is broad discrimination against an entire race of people, which is exactly what the anti-immigration and anti-terrorism policies end up being in practice.
The illegal part is if the town has a law prohibiting public intoxication.
The Cincinnati metro area is in like three counties just in Ohio.
It just means that black people have been on the road to having their rights respected longer than 100 years. 100 years ago, being gay would get you institutionalized, homosexuality was considered a mental disorder. 200 years ago, a white man marrying a black woman would have been seen to be as ridiculous as him marrying a cow or a chicken by the vast majority of people.
I have a similar use case. I don't watch video on my phone, I don't really do heavy web browsing either. I pretty much just use my phone as an iPod that can make calls, texts and do quick web searches. I keep upgrading so everything runs smooth, but my use case hasn't really changed since I had the iPhone 3G. I've sort of resigned myself to the fact that I'll have to put up with a larger phone, but I'm with you, I would love a the 4" form factor to be brought back with the same internal features as the current ones. Hopefully they won't make it "last year's phone" like they do with the iPad mini.
From the [Cornerstone Speech](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cornerstone_Speech) given by the Vice President of the Confederate States shortly before the war: &gt; Our new Government is founded upon exactly the opposite ideas; its foundations are laid, its cornerstone rests, upon the great truth that the negro is not equal to the white man; that slavery, subordination to the superior race, is his natural and normal condition.
&gt; a "de-transition" clinic in Belgrade has had "1,500" inquiries. I bet a good number of those are also from the unaccepting parents of kids who might be trans.
I'm sorry, I don't usually do this, but it just bugged me too much. In all the places you used "hole", it should have been spelled "whole".
It's like he did the whole thing in character as David Brent. The joke had that same feel as something inappropriate said in front of coworkers.
You're probably not going to find a genuine one for much less than Apple charges. Most stores don't discount Apple products unless it's clearance or a big sale like Black Friday. If you can't wait for a sale and need it now, you may as well buy it from Apple. If you can wait a while, Best Buy sometimes sells open box chargers (usually ones someone returned because they bought the wrong connector or wattage)
Wow if that's true, then he's an idiot. I doubt Firaxis will let him in on that information anymore now that he's leaked it. Kind of like how Apple stopped inviting Gizmodo to events after they leaked that stolen iPhone prototype.
I could see companies sharing game release dates before announcing it to the public. They already do this with movies, studios share release dates with each other in advance as a courtesy so other studios don't inadvertently release same genre films on the same day.
When I read that, I pictured B-Rad from Malibu's Most Wanted.
Pull it with a crow bar or similar elongated metal object with a bend at one end.
In leveling roulette, I expect to find newbies who done quite know what they're doing. If I'm playing a new class, I might even be that newbie. As long as they aren't assholes, I don't care if we wipe or have issues during the run. I don't want to be chasing players away because they aren't performing optimally in Tam-Tara regular. Practice makes perfect after all.
I think the Verge probably didn't work because they use that horrible web layout meant to mimic an "app". The web has become pretty infuriating now that web pages are overriding touch gestures.
What the hell is with Virginia lately? Just the other day there was an article about the state wanting to ban gender changes on birth certificates, and now they have a bathroom bill.
I haven't logged in to Facebook in a few years now, but back when I made an account, I just didn't select anything the gender field (blank was an option) and it referred to me as "they". I wonder if it still does that.
GameStop typically ships before release date though. But it does suck having to pay for shipping.
I would be at war with everyone. Missionaries from the AI's heathen religions are shot on sight.
The first bit of female clothing I switched to wearing everyday was underwear, and that was when I switched to stalls. It's just too hard to get your "thing" out to pee standing up while wearing panties, especially when you get them a little tight to hold everything in.
You're right, but I still think it's hypocritical for trans people to be against gay rights. Their struggle may be different, but they face similar adversity. However, Jenner's case is worse, given that she is now presenting as a woman attracted to women. Jenner may not want to think of herself as homosexual, but by definition she is a lesbian. The gay rights that she belittles in public affects her whether she likes it or not.
I didn't notice it at first but you're right, just the second sentence in is this run-on beauty: &gt; Well, technically, it released Mac OS X into the wilds with its public beta program, but since this preview version of OS X was codenamed “Kodiak,” a species of bear found in Alaska, I think I can be forgiven for spicing up the opening sentence to an article about an old beta version of an operating system. I can just hear the creak of the teacher's desk drawer sliding out as they reach for the red pen while reading that.
It can't be Ra, he was killed when his ship was blown up with a nuke.
Well, there's always Bermuda I guess
I have a friend who did that, he said all the locals told them they were daft for visiting in January.
Gary used to be a big industrial city, they had a large US Steel operation there if I remember. Like a lot of towns in the US which were almost completely dependent on manufacturing, Gary suffered greatly when jobs were moved abroad after 1980. The town is empty and impoverished, which tends to attract crime.
Is Brazil considered developing? From what I've seen, it looks pretty modern. I mean the only thing that would prevent me from living there is the fact that a Playstation costs like $1000.
That's because most of the wealth is only in the hands of a few people. Most of the Arabian peninsula is highly unequal.
Indians who come here are usually pretty friendly though and they bring fantastic food with them. I've never been to India but I don't understand how it could be so bad.
I don't know if it has time. Once the oil money is gone, all they'll have is a bunch of empty buildings with no money to run the lights, fountains and air conditioning.
I think that describes all tourist areas.
I'm pretty sure Esperanto is only spoken by like five linguistics professors, so it makes more sense to use the languages that most of those maintaining the standards speak.
You're not obligated to tip them, at least at Subway, and I suspect at almost all quick service restaurants with a tip jar. They get paid regular minimum wage, not the bullshit tip minimum wage, they're just trying to get extra cash.
This isn't just unethical, it's theft and could get you and possibly your friends banned from the theater if you get caught.
If you're in the situation that you would say no though, for the love of god wear a condom.
If you're going to go through all that shit, you may as well pirate. You're going through all that extra effort for something arguably as unethical as just downloading the stuff.
I didn't do stuff like that when I was a teenager.
My sister had a destination wedding. I tried getting out of it by saying that I didn't want to spend the money, and then my dad bought me a plane ticket. So I got to spend the weekend in Maryland in February surrounded by my sister's friends and her insufferable family-in-law. :/ The reception did have a full bar, and I sampled everything, so I guess there's that.
Well they did have one in A View to a Kill
&gt; Also, why do people hate branded content so much? I personally find it unappealing. Even if a brand makes something I like, the last thing I want to see is that brand's big ass logo plastered all over things. There's also just something about advertising that just feels cheap and inauthentic.
I think the New Beetle has a little vase mounted on the dashboard.
Even with Apple Music hidden, there's no way to bring it back to the way the old app was laid out. I would love to be able to change the bottom bar layout *like we could in the previous version*. They specifically removed a feature just to promote their streaming service, which is really pretty shitty.
If you still haven't sold it, I'd take the PowerBook off your hands
Don't a lot of western countries require a coffin though? Also, would a burial vault be considered the same as a coffin? What is done in areas where a coffin or vault or both are required?
It's the one actually branded "New Beetle", it looks like the current model, which is just called "Beetle" doesn't have the vase. I know, the naming is kind of stupid. It's the same kind of confusing shit as Nintendo's New 3DS.
If they needed a Mac lab and a PC lab, it may have been cheaper to just build a Mac lab and dual boot Windows for when it needs to be a PC lab.
This is why I love that episode of the Boondocks where MLK comes back in modern times. He gets called a terrorist for suggesting that the people of the Middle East are humans too, and is disgusted by the way his image and work has been perverted into meaningless lip service.
Eh, I have the regular 3DS XL and I've preordered the Pokemon New 3DS bundle. I'm planning to keep the old XL so I can swap between them if I want.
...And it's illegal. Making a hackintosh for yourself is one thing, but if a large institution like a university did it and Apple found out, they would almost certainly get sued.
Not if they paid for the Windows license. Apple provides free utilities for users to dual boot Windows, you just need to buy a license from Microsoft. As far as I know, the terms and conditions for Windows permit you to install it on any compatible computer. However, Apple does *not* sell licenses for OS X, and the terms of OS X prohibit it from being installed on anything but Apple hardware.
I don't really like Clinton, but think about it this way: Who would you rather have nominate the next 3 Supreme Court justices, Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump?
Kudos, I think you explained that topic better than my actual macroeconomics professor did.
It's on Netflix and it's fantastic.
Now I kind of want to see a reality show like that, the Ices T, Cube, and Vanilla all living together as roomates in a large house getting into crazy hijinks.
Does it support secure FTP?
Voyager would have been a better show with Ron Moore as a producer. Imagine the show being more like Battlestat Galactica, with real threats around every corner, where the Borg still had their teeth and remained a dangerous threat throughout the series. Making the show feel like TNG was a mistake because it's a completely different situation.
You know, it was people now your parents age who *invented* the Internet.
I wouldn't necessarily think badly of them if it's actually their car. I'd probably want to talk to a guy with a picture of himself standing like a G in front of a 5 year old Hyundai.
I've been considering getting one of those LG ultra wide displays just to have more visible in Xcode.
...I made all of my stuff default to Bing on purpose.
I have serious concerns with putting my data in the hands of someone who's business model is literally to sell it to the highest bidder. Before I switched completely to Bing, I tried both side by side and for my purposes, Bing gets the same results and I get to feel all good inside knowing that I'm helping to break Google's dominance of internet search.
I feel like an out of touch curmudgeon when I realize just how unappealing I find most of the internet these days. Like for example, people watch entire channels on YouTube that's just some guy playing a game. Not giving advice or walkthroughs, just some guy playing the game normally. I just don't understand this, why don't they just play the actual game? Or the people who do something stupid and upload it to YouTube. It's like everyone with a YouTube account wants to be Tom Green. I think I just feel like I'm not old enough to be annoyed at "those damn kids", but it happens anyways.
Wouldn't it be a sun stone?
Even worse, Emmerich and his crew say that they're continuing with the film's idea that the gate only goes to one planet rather than being a network.
&gt; laptops are usually bought at a full price Apple promotes financing options for all of their products, and people do use it to buy more than they can afford. The reviews online for the Apple Store Barclay card are pretty terrible, mostly because idiots don't read up on how interest deferred financing works. As a general credit card, it is pretty terrible (over 20% interest). But if you think of the interest deferred financing as a loan and pay it off within the promotional period, it's a pretty good way to go. I bought my current MacBook with it, and once I paid it off, they offered me free financing again which I used to buy my Apple Watch.
&gt; Candidates campaign based on votes, they legislate based on policy. At least, democrats do. Republicans tend to legislate based on lobbying. Democrats are just as guilty as playing political bullshit games as Republicans are. The fact that they do it to advance a platform I agree with doesn't make them saints.
[So I guess this is the future then](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mZCEq8jy5-M)
Yeah but Roger Wicker and the rest of the good ole boys running the state are just steaming turds that took human form. I'm not really surprised.
Back when I ran a public server, we didn't allow swearing, partially because we had children playing (we actually had several people join because it was a good place to play with their kids) but more importantly, swearing can easily become spam, especially when there are children on the server who think the word "fuck" is funny. Though I would usually give warnings and suggestions for quite a while before actually banning someone.
Regardless of whether Apple is living up to its goals, having its own service that they can advertise as having privacy in mind would help their current marketing message.
On eBay, there's always the chance that those sealed products are stolen. $161 is worth not having to worry about having the police seize your new MacBook as stolen goods.
Yep, just like Bush should have also been sent to prison but spends his day making ugly paintings instead. These guys always get off regardless of what the supposedly believe in.
I think to understand this, you kind of have to take into consideration where computer technology was at the time. Text to speech and speech recognition have been theoretical technologies for a while, but it's only recently that the idea of a computer using and more importantly understanding colloquial language has become viable. Early attempts to have computers understand speech were very command driven. Things like "open &lt;application&gt; and perform &lt;task&gt;". Given what people thought a computer could do at the time, Data's speech kind of makes some sense.
Not OP, but that's the case for me. I don't really browse the Internet on my phone and I don't watch video at all. Having a larger screen doesn't do as much for me as it does when it's easy to hold.
Well with someone famous like a president, you're paying for the prestige of having a former president speak, not necessarily the content of the speech.
You know, the Offspring, Red Hot Chili Peppers, and Radiohead were all formed in the early 80s.
It would be amazing to consistently get long sleeve tops with sleeves that are actually long enough. It's so frustrating when I find a nice top and it always fits in every way except length.
They're probably talking about PS3. Thankfully, it shouldn't be holding us back for much longer.
I was driving in the summer once, going south in the afternoon so the sun was beaming in the passenger side, where my phone was sitting in the seat. It shut off until I moved it to the shade and it cooled off a bit.
I always worry that people are doing this to me. When people tell me that I look pretty or 100% female, I get suspicious and worry that they're just trying to be nice.
How Can Our Bodies Work Out When Our Eyes Don't
&gt; Got an oil change at about 1200 miles Oh god why. I get my oil changes from the dealer and even they recommended every 5000 miles for my Accent. I got the maintenance package for my Elantra GT, all the oil changes are at 7500 mile intervals. Do you have ECO on? It limits the engine from revving to high to make it more efficient. If you turn it off, it should be much more responsive. Generally, I found that in both my old Accent (2013) and current Elantra GT (2016), you have to rev at 3000 rpm or higher to get decent highway acceleration. But if you really want to have fun, you can accelerate even faster if you learn to shift manually. These things can be fun little cars at 6000 rpm.
You could be right about the oil change, I don't know much about that stuff, just what the dealer told me about mine. I don't remember the Accent being sluggish in traffic, then again the car I had before was a first gen Honda CRV. I also had the Accent SE model, I don't remember if there were any performance differences between that and the base model.
What I love about the 12" Apple laptops is the fact that they're almost the exact height and width as a sheet of paper. My 12" iBook fit perfectly in a stack of textbooks when I was using one in college.
They are nice (I have one), but I think I'd go with the Titanium G4 for best looking system.
The ability to filter eBay listings to only sold listings is a feature that sadly not enough people know about.
I almost wondered if OP didn't get this idea from that. Then again, it does backfire on them.
The only thing I have a problem with is the coating of feces horses leave behind when you ride them in the street.
Maybe we should let the lion's family into that dentist's grazing ground for some exotic hunting as payback. Then it will be even, and no one has to worry about it.
Zoolander came out September 2001, right after 9/11, and underperformed at the box office because of that.
He changes costume for almost every song, it's pretty impressive. He's got a table right off stage with each part of the costume laid out, and he changes right there while the video plays. It's funny, the first time I saw him in concert, I had no idea who he was. My dad had to work the show and asked me if I wanted to go with him. I went, I figured if it was lame I would just go to his office and use his computer. The theatre had broadband and we still had dial up, this was around 2002. I stood along the wall in the balcony and watched, not expecting much. But as it turns out, the show was fantastic. Weird Al is an amazing performer, and the songs are all very clever. During that show, I went from not knowing who this guy was to a huge fan. It's kind of funny sometimes how that stuff works out.
I often wonder what I must have done in a past life to merit being born trans in this one.
You may want to practice soldering on something less valuable before you tackle your Mac. It's not hard, it just takes some precision. If you trail solder all over the board you can create connections that aren't supposed to be there, and if you leave the iron on the contact too long, you can potentially damage microchips by sending too much heat through the circuit board. It just takes a steady hand and a light touch. It's not a hard skill to learn, it just takes a bit of practice.
This turned out really nice, it looks professionally made. It makes me wish I had picked up some sewing skills.
Does snapchat not save your chat history?
You could get an old Pentium board, probably even for free, to practice on.
This is the reason why I could never get used to the realistic texture packs in Minecraft. The limitations of the block based world just make everything look funny.
This site gets posted all the time but I don't think it can really give you an accurate idea on where you would be happy living. Make your own list of what you desire out of a city and do some research. I guarantee anyone can generate much better recommendations for themselves than this website with just a small amount of research.
I was kind of disappointed that they turned Mauville into a giant mall. I liked it better as a town.
Did you prefer being called Seven of Nine instead?
If you live in a place where the online company has a physical presence, then you will be charged sales tax. I'm still a bit annoyed that Amazon opened facilities in Ohio because of this.
Apple doesn't disable non Mac App Store programs by default, just *unsigned* programs. Most developers of legitimate Mac software have Apple Developer accounts and sign their software. Windows does this by default too, bringing up the smart screen when you try to run unsigned software. It's actually a good policy for most end users.
Well I guess I changed it and forgot about it. It's not really a huge deal though, most users probably should stick with the App Store anyways. It's not like my parents need any software other than what comes on the Mac.
It looks like they're finally selling Beats headphones for what they're worth.
