&gt; would be needed to produce any meaningful conclusions Sure they can produce meaningful conclusions, just not about the general population.
&gt; Wii U ~~Exclusive!~~ Excluded!
&gt; the thing was gross, looked mangy They all do, it's just the way they look. First one I saw in my garbage I thought was sick, but the coats of all that i've seen since look similar.
Uhh, the rest of the world has known about this for at least two decades.
[Everything is more popular around the world than pop music](http://srogers.cartodb.com/viz/14ebbf8c-ac44-11e4-8a55-0e018d66dc29/embed_map)
&gt; So then after being fired, she decides to publicly post all that information out of spite? That's not something to be commended. Given that we're talking about hundreds of millions of dollars of IP here, I would assume that poster signed a legally binding non-disclosure agreement, yet still decided to release the information via Reddit. If the poster didn't get sued to oblivion, I'd be surprised.
&gt; Jim Bob Duggar was an idiot for not seeking professional help for his son. There was a post somewhere about his views on incest taken directly from his political website, to the effect of advocating for corporal punishment. In light of this information it's pretty obvious why he tried to bury it. It would be great if one (or more) of his kids came out as gay. I think we'd see his head explode trying to reconcile this with his staunch evangelical and right-wing conservative beliefs.
One of the reasons I've avoided watching the HBO show despite all the hype. I'll wait until I can finish the book series, and then bing-watch the TV show while the book is still fresh in my mind.
Are you saying that someone first needs assets to be eligible to be sued? I'm no legal scholar, but I was under the impression that the company could sue (and possibly win a judgement) on lost profits due to her actions; if she can't pay up, then eventually they would probably garnish wages, and she'd never get out from under that debt.
&gt;That's like, totally different. I'm *not* saying the cops actions were justified--I find it appalling this guy was let "off the hook." But, it *is* a completely different encounter when a police officer kills someone: they're acting as agents of the state for the purpose of enforcing laws, whereas a citizen is not.
&gt; He's lost the story and/or fell too much in love with the fame and fortune his books and the HBO show have given him that the story has lost importance. The guy is famous for the first time in his life, enjoying the paid appearances and all that. I think he deserves to revel in it a while. It was probably a poor professional decision to allow the HBO show to move forward without a completed saga, but it certainly was a good business decision. He could just give up writing tomorrow, and I'd be OK with that. Not because I don't *really* want to read the forthcoming books (I do!), but because life is not so much about pleasing other people, but much more about making sure you're satisfied with what you've done. If he is, then good for him.
I tried to predict when GRR Martin's books would be published based on his past publishing history. It turns out that the *interval* between book publishings is roughly linear, with slope 0.6197 (book indices on y-axis--i.e., 1st book, 2nd book etc.--with intervals between book publishings on the x-axis), and an intercept at (0,1). This empirical model suggests that if GRR Martin's past publishing schedule holds for the future, the 6th book will be released in 2019, and, given that, the final book will be released in 2028.
&gt;they indirectly told him to stop torrenting shows and shit during the job interview This is standard, because it illegal. You shouldn't be breaking the law if you hope to work in a sensitive position.
Well, the didn't *learn* on that POS. A quality instrument certainly helps when learning to play.
TIL I'm OK with the no-color thing.
For most purposes, pseudo random number generators produce strings of numbers that are sufficiently random.
The problem is that "regular people" eat junk food and combine it with lack of exercise. Obviously a star athlete will have no problems temporarily eating garbage, but the average person will just as obviously have lots of problems with it.
..the internet?
I thought that after it reached '0' it would do a check that lasted 0.5-1 second to register a click 'at zero' (for the flair), and then if that failed, it would end.
Maybe he's renting out the upstairs..
Who took these photos?
You know you don't have to be a member of a political party to vote, right?
How often to people order "coffee" there, because I always feel like I'm the only one?
This is an old story. Has to be a repost?
While I agree that humans have evolved to love the taste of fat, so there are probably lots of people that would love that, it looks like waaay too much fat for my taste.
Diggin the Judge Dread one, looks cool.
Is it weird that I really want to know where they got her Pip-Boy?
Uhh, I don't think so. Unless of course you mean committing felonies for releasing classified documents or, you know, generally treasonous behavior.
&gt; and hinted at Comcast sucking at their job I think it's common knowledge that the monopoly model of current cable internet providers stifles innovation and drives up costs, making internet access more prohibitive instead of less. Fiber competitors are a good idea, but the infrastructure for widespread deployment is not available, and won't be any time soon. So, it's not just Comcast that is embarrassingly bad at supplying internet access to the USA, but the other providers don't do any better.
Closing one eye does the same thing...
&gt;Think of how stupid the average person is, and realize half of them are stupider than that Of course he would really mean "median," not average.
No, I think those people getting scared of the black guy are the real racists of the clip.
Don't you resign *after* you've accepted the competing offer from another company? This whole thing doesn't make sense; the first time you're employer is hearing about your offer is when you've already resigned. How could they keep you on board "to find a replacement?"
&gt; You realize some people actually have curiosity, right? Science attracts people like that. Feynman was vocal about his curiosity, where he enjoyed "the kick of the discovery;" figuring out something new about Nature that nobody else on Earth knows at that moment. Speaking as a scientist, I think many of us feel something similar, and are primarily curiosity driven in our research.
&gt; What you do with that knowledge (action) can be bad It is also in how the data are obtained. Even now, there is a lot of paperwork that must be filed for performing experiments on/using humans (even as simple as watching them play video games), and even approval must be gained to show that experiments on animals are humane (e.g., that they don't suffer when sacrificed).
&gt; I still have this phone and use it daily. Do you happen to also carry around a slide rule?
Humans do not think like or as quickly as CPUs. Of course a CPU may have options available to it that humans do not have. In this case, a CPU may have sufficient time to detect an anomaly and "choose" between alternative actions, whereas a human mostly unconsciously processes the input and makes only rudimentary decisions (e.g., keep the car on the road).
&gt; But it's important to know that numbers and math are things we invented and not stuff that actually exist There is debate about whether mathematical relationships are discovered or invented, so I'm a bit unclear on what you mean here.
There is nothing wrong about reaching for a pen and paper to do arithmetic problems. There is no "right way" or a "wrong way" to reach the correct answer to an arithmetic question.
Yes, but not for many others, and definitely not in general.
Considering that employers no longer respect "company loyalty" why should an employee by working so long?
Shouldn't they already have one?
It is definitely an art.
&gt; corporate restaurants take cleanliness very very seriously. I live in the USA, how do I get to the part of the world you live in?
That is one chunky baby...
That was pretty informative, thanks.
You know women are made up of the same stuff as you right? Just a little less of it? Although they may not seem like it, they're pretty durable.
There are machines that do this.
Shouldn't this in the very least be brought to the attention of the FDA? Exactly how a pallet made it into the food production line should be of concern.
Same here. Parking job confirmed his bumper sticker about himself.
Slick detective work. Not sure if I should be impressed or frightened by this.
&gt; put a piece of wood on the back side of the wall (even a paint stick works fine for this) and screw through the wall into the board on either side, and then screw in the patch to that piece of wood This is the way I've always known to do it.
I doubt that was his goal. He probably wanted a settlement from Pepsi, and was going to split the profits with the investors.
&gt; I've said this a number of times, but in ten to twenty years conservatives will be touting the idea that the ACA was basically drafted from their playbook (which portions of it definitely were). Except that it'll always be known now as "Obamacare," which the Republicans coined too.
You're completely disconnected from the market if you think places like McDonalds are staffed primarily by "high school kids."
Thanks for the reassurance, I was worried there we might make it out OK.
I saw them when I was a little kid. It was really entertaining.
It sounds like a lot of people are confusing "choose to identify" with "believe I am." Those are two very different things.
&gt;I won't charge you. ...aaaannnd that's how you haggle.
There's probably a good reason they don't advertise the download speed.
That would just make it more painful, as you eventually succumb but the poo infects the raw wounds. Ugh.
I get on my roof and blow them out with a leaf blower. I should rethink this plan.
&gt; Medicare $$$ goes to hospitals with religious affiliation. Why is education different? At private religious schools at the K12 level, religious 'classes' are often required. This is not the case in a 'religious' hospital.
I guess I was hooked from the books, but the show is very good on its own.
I thought they hit Amos' personality spot on--he's a psychopath after all, with absolutely no moral compass. I'm curious as to why they put Naomi in charge.. I like it so far; tv show Naomi is much more assertive than book Naomi.
I really liked Dark Matter.. waiting for season 2! I also really liked Killjoys.. lots of potential there too.
Didn't the CEO just decide several years ago that reality shows was where the money was, and ditch scripted drama? Nice to finally see SyFy (Sci Fi?) getting back to its bread and butter roots.
You might consider reading the first book. Its an easy read.
Well its worth it to binge the first four episodes now.
The illusion didn't work on me, I just saw a bad law firm ad.
&gt; The last 2 books were shit, and I don't think any future book is going to be much better I read the book series to date in one go over several months, and didn't notice any quality issues between books. In fact, I noticed that the quality remained steady while the story got more complex.
Yes, I'd work hard too if I was self-employed, had millions of dollars and fans, a giant mansion, and no other cares in the world.
You're saving 10% of your income? That's fantastic! I can barely save 3%. Saving that much at your income level is no easy feat. Is it sitting in a savings account or invested? I feel like it's not practical to invest it all, especially given random expenses that can pop up (plumbing problems, new set of tires etc) that you should be prepared to cover in an emergency.
&gt; couldnt the people of mereen potentially grow her armies when she goes back to westeros Wasn't this the obvious intent of building an empire in Essos? I just kind of assumed it would get around to her building an army and invading Westeros.
left at 2 am..
What do you mean by "subpar?" I think the opposite: in a field (sci-fi/fantasy) dominated by terrible writers (e.g., bad grammer, poor word choice, corny stories), his work stands out above and beyond many others.
Sci-fi/fantasy had such a stigma for so long, I kind of wonder what people that used to make fun of it think now, with the huge success of the genre (e.g. Battlestar galactica, GoT, LOTR trilogy). Are they still telling themselves it's stupid, or are they telling themselves that they were stupid for making fun? Don't give much weight to what one naive girl thinks; there are plenty of (beautiful) women out there that are huge nerds.
How did he manage to avoid getting shot and killed by a homeowner? I can't imagine someone breaking into a house at night in the USA and not expecting someone to level a gun at them..
I found [Henry Rollins](http://www.nyrock.com/img/2000/rollins_3.jpg)!
I'd use the "Bob Ross font."
But it's also how republicans still win elections despite all the unpopular extremist rhetoric.
I assumed "think" meant "problem solving," and not "what word does an object bring to mind." Thinking through a problem, for me anyway, requires a mixture of using words (asking myself the right questions) and manipulating objects abstractly via internal visualizations.
Something similar happens to the cells of your body.
&gt; http://www.mediaite.com/tv/are-conservatives-really-going-after-michelle-obama-for-promoting-water/ And I thought /u/MaxIsAlwaysRight was just joking.
Explain!
And don't forget to subsidize the big businesses that let taxpayers supplement their workers income with welfare programs because they pay them so little.
&gt; It's a part of the sentence that has no meaning other than make the sentence syntactically correct I always assumed the "it" here refers to the local environment. Why would it be any different?
&gt; You vote for independence due to what you believe is a positive future over generations. The neat thing about voting is that you can vote any way you want for whatever crazy reasons you like!
It sounds like from the skills you have you could find better work in almost any machine shop. Threading pipe isn't glamorous, but pays more. Also if you're willing to relocate out west, there should be opportunities working for companies that service oil and gas industry.
Targeted strikes against military targets according to rules of engagement is absolutely not "murder." I envy the sheltered life you lead.
&gt; The last author of a paper is typically the principle investigator of the work. This person is the scientist who acquired funding for research and runs the lab. For this paper, the senior author is Dr. Sanford Simon, Elena's father. You're right, this is common; but, the "senior author" often contributes to the study conception, interpretation of data, and sometimes contributing to experimental design. You make it sound as if writing proposals is all they do.
[Relevant XKCD](https://xkcd.com/435/)
I went over to a friends house once and watched his big brother finish Metroid (NES), start to finish in one go. It was amazing. It made such an impression that it stayed with me all these years.
I would assume the STEAM version would not work without some additional effort.
You can negotiate the bill with the hospital, if you don't have insurance to cover the costs. Insurance companies routinely negotiate significantly reduced costs, and so can regular folks.
What does public education have to do with EMS? If those are the two options, it makes far more economical sense for taxpayers to subsidize a public education system that directly contributes to increased GDP by ensuring the entirety of the populace a basic education. It's also well known that increased education correlates positively with increased personal income. It's really a win-win, both personally and as a society.
In another universe, you just won Powerball.
If you're like me it won't matter, you'll just end up calling it "cat" all the time.
Energy is like a currency for motion that gets transformed into local denominations depending on the exchange rate of what is being done. For the acceleration of the point mass you describe, all the work is estimated by the kinetic energy needs via the Work-Energy theorem. And the kinetic energy goes as the square of the speed, which is the source of your observation.
Yes. Every observer sees light traveling at the same measured speed, c (~3x10^8 m/s). So, light from one ship *will* eventually reach the other. One reason why all (non-accelerating) observers will measure the same speed for light, is because Maxwell's equations hold in all inertial reference frames from which the speed of light can be "derived" based on the permittivity and permeability of free space.
I don't think they were armed, though. The Occupy movement as I recall were pacifists. As I understand the situation, the clowns occupying the federal building in OR have threatened armed resistance to being forcibly removed.
How are the tissues not gangrenous without blood flow (required for oxygenation of tissues)? Does it hurt?
It's funny because it's true.
I got this one during the winter sale based on the good reviews, but haven't started it yet.
&gt; If you are working in non-profit, government, or education there are also a lot of student loan forgiveness or repayment options as well You need to be careful about this; public service forgiveness only applies if your government salary is so low that you are unable to repay your loan on the standard repayment plan after 10 years. The only way this occurs is if you fall into an income based repayment plan.
&gt; but I was one of the several thousand stranded on the street and ended up sleeping in my car overnight during the Atlanta Snow Jam of 2014. I never understood that whole thing.. there was around a micron of snow on the ground which somehow disrupted traffic so bad people stayed in their cars? Why didn't anyone just get out and walk an hour or two home? Or to a department store, gas station etc?
&gt; It will eventually become illegal. No, it won't. For the same reason that planes do not fly themselves, nor boats. Self-driving cars might have something to add to highway commerce, but it's not going to be near the level that people are expecting.
I don't see any problem with this as long as the animals are treated with respect and humanely sacrificed. We all eat to survive. So it is, and so it's always been.
Yes I too get excessively long load times with the new beta patch.
The only thing that stops a bad guy with a Longbow is a good guy with a Longbow.
&gt; if the FAA eliminates the line of site requirement Why would they? Now it seems like too much of a liability to allow for anything else.
Wouldn't costs increase significantly due to the additional expertise needed for drivers (or whoever riding along) to pilot them?
&gt;prions use these sheets to "bump" into normal proteins and alter the normal protein's secondary structure to conform to that same high beta-pleated sheet structure This is the important part, but it still doesn't explain *how* a prion transforms a normal-folded protein into a mis-folded one. More precisely, how does the prion "perturb" the normally folded protein so that it reshapes itself into an energetically stable new conformation? The folded protein is so stable because its conformation resides in a deep energy minimum of the configuration space. Also, why is this mechanism irreversible (i.e., why don't normal proteins transform prions into the normal state)?
&gt;"Arkansas politicians cannot pick and choose which parts of the Constitution they want to uphold," Nancy Northup, president and CEO of the Center for Reproductive Rights (CRR), said in a statement on Tuesday. I've never understood why politicians espouse the Constitution as the the most sacred law of the land, and then turn right around to plow through some of its most important provisions.
The plotlines of the books are interesting, IMO much better than Hyperion. However, the main character (Holden) is kind of a caricature of the "good guy," where Amos is nearly the opposite. Despite the character flaws, the stories are pretty good. Definitely worth reading. Wish I had watched some of the show before reading the books though, because the set design of the show is amazing, whereas the books don't describe it to the same effect.
&gt; If the population segment does not have the IQ to handle the coming coding, science, and critical thinking there is no way to retrain them for the jobs that are needed. I've found that anyone with average intelligence can do technician-level work in a knowledge-based field. The primary factor to retraining and success is more of motivation than intelligence.
&gt; Think about how useful you would be if you can talk about protein folding and talk about how to optimize your code for protein folding In research, this skillset isn't too rare.
All I can think of is: "ain't nobody got time for that!"
Well, they're both true, so...
This sort of claim is just absolutely ridiculous. Nearly any technical field requires substantial college preparation. In STEM research fields, for example, a PhD often only qualifies someone to compete for an entry-level position.
Its not like supply side economics was the lastly remaining choice so we had to go with it. Everyone knew (and still knows) that it doesn't work the advertised way in any meaningful sense. If there were desire to shift towards another strategy, plenty of other options have always been available.
I would have favored a rapid response. Not taking care of the situation quickly gives the impression that armed folks could take anything (e.g., a federal bldg) over in the name of "protest", and it will be allowed for at least a good long while.
The exit to this is, I think, exit 22 off I-84 if you're traveling west-bound, and it's an absolute death trap. Not only is the interstate curvy through the gorge, but this exit is a LEFT EXIT. To make it worse, the exit continues straight into the damned parking lot, while the actual road curves to the right, which looks very similar to a normal HWY exit. If it's dark and rainy, it's very easy to take exit 22 while thinking you're on the interstate. It got to be that every time I drove that stretch I would need to specifically hug the right side of the road to avoid taking the exit. Terrible design.
Fair enough. I guess I imagined several of them as a bit older, too.
Under the direction of a mentor/manager/PI, someone like that could be useful just entering data into an Excel sheet. There are plenty of other examples.
Is there a specific reason they picked that building, over a more high-profile target?
&gt; he knows he's going to need some of their votes if he want to become President. He's a billionaire, he doesn't need to "raise money" for them to have an impact. He could write a substantial check himself and be done with it, with little to no real impact on his finances. There is also nearly no chance the general electorate, which hosts a completely different political demographic than the most extreme right wing conservatives of the republican party that have so far supported him, will elect someone like Trump.
Huh, I've never heard of these shoes. Interesting. Pretty good idea, actually.
"Honey, it's time we're having steaks tonight! Fire up the grill!" -farmer
Thats an urban legend that came about from a few examples where some organizations put out official "challenges." Getting jobs with any organization is a mixture of your qualifications, luck, and who you know. There are enough smart people already applying to those places that they have no need to secretly "test" the public to find "the one." It's not "the last starfighter", after all.
Warning: the chimps are VERY good at this game.
in these countries it's much less expensive to pay these women than invest in a new, one-of-a-kind industrial sorting machine.
I have a surface pro for work. It's pretty good, although the keyboard and hinge at the back (or the flap if you have a case) takes up a larger area than a macbook air, for example. The one feature I love is the ability to take and store handwritten notes on it. The pen-writing is very high fidelity.
I think the "up to" is to allow that there is some level of uncertainty in the service. But usually, the consumer should expect the advertised service while experiencing problems only infrequently.
How did this type of culling methodology get to be the "industry standard"? In research, for example, there is an extensive process for [sacrificing animals humanely](https://www.aalas.org/iacuc#.Vq5cCVKig7c). Grinding animals alive would be difficult to get approved.
Well by all accounts it's working perfectly.
I already use something similar at work. Is great for parallelizing numerical jobs.
&gt; I'm quite sure that the software market is a bubble Not to mention that simple programming is easy to pick up, and people are succeeding in the industry with only high school diplomas. Given that there's such a low barrier to entry, it's hard to see how the market won't become saturated shortly.
I would recommend a science, technology, engineering or mathematics (STEM) major. These degrees are some of the most marketable, even at the bachelor's degree level.
Putting reports together is not a novel task, and there's no reason it shouldn't be automated. It frees up time to devote to more meaningful tasks that require intuition, ingenuity, and creative insight--all qualities that computers/machines will not achieve in the near future, if at all.
This is just "par for the course" in basic research.
&gt; I doubt most people would be able to tell you how much they made this year net of taxes They should definitely be able to if they are gainfully employed. The information should be on their paystub/paycheck documentation received each month.
The whole of the article contains personal income numbers too.
Talking about events "before" the big bang is nonsensical according to modern theory.
[Here](http://www.jstor.org/stable/1427566?seq=1#page_scan_tab_contents) is a paper that gives an explicit closed-form solution (eq. 2.15, you want the first moment).
To my limited understanding, the reason people don't live indefinitely on heart machines is due to infection. How did this guy not acquire life-threatening infection?
Removal of skin will take care of much, but stretch marks (tear in an intermediate layer of the skin) will fade over time. Don't worry too much, most people have some degree of stretch mark if from only adolescent growth.
The burden of proof is squarely on Trump to demonstrate his wealth, which is a major part of his appeal to the rural folks supporting him. If he's being disingenuous about his personal wealth, then it's not in his favor to release more financial records. However, if his claims of personal wealth are true, then he should feel obligated to disclose his financial documents to demonstrate the value of these holdings to critics. I suspect that his reluctance is congruent with the former instead of the latter.
Why do people consistently anthropomorphize nonhuman animals? Although dogs are loyal animals and are certainly deserving of our attention and care, it would be a great mistake to misconstrue their actions into something like "love".
Pay to *win*
20 years.. that is a horrifying realization. I had to look it up on IMDB just to believe it.
If you find a dead person, you can always call 911. At minimum, just call the police and the authorities will know what to do.
Stretch marks fade after a few years, don't sweat it. Most people have at least some.
Although it is *already* illegal in many states, I'd put driving in the left-hand lane on highways. I just wish highway patrol would enforce it. Left-lane drivers are incredibly dangerous.
"in the style of"
I don't know much about finance, but isn't what you describe the business model used by every bank (like the one I have my checking account at)?
How can you sell a stock without owning it? Do you have the permission of the stock owner? What does the owner get by putting up the asset?
Given that they should have killed them off during the finale airing, i don't feel bad for AMC. It's their own damned fault. Did they really not think it would get spoiled, given similar things they've tried were very quickly revealed (e.g., the Glenn thing)?
They're making a TV show. They need to make their show interesting, and it has been interesting in the past by killing folks off in unexpected ways and without much lead up. This season was really, really bad, and marked a pretty obvious departure from how the show was presented previously. In my opinion.
Did you make the universal "i'm choking" gesture (both hands grasped around your throat)? Did they know what was happening?
If it's real, then Clinton cared enough to preserve it. Or the person he gave it to did.
IMO they should just let the different actors play the colonel--it's obvious they're not being racist by casting a big name like Sam Jackson.
I was always confused and disappointed by the ending to that series. Maybe I should re-read it.
I guess if you couldn't do that type of thing consistently, then you wouldn't have that job for very long...
&gt; and their own copy of Final Fantasy or Chrono Trigger Don't leave me hanging here, can you get Chrono Trigger or not?
&gt; Handing out cabinet positions that should be held by accomplished technocrats to people whose only qualifications are having cut a large check to the Clinton Foundation? The strange and disturbing thing is to contrast this situation with what Trump can be expected to do.
They do, they just don't vote.
You can do that in real life by travelling to china. During their construction boom they literally built empty large cities.
It's the Captain's responsibility to ensure that his crew are properly permitted, and all of his paperwork is in order. His mistake this time cost him dearly, so I doubt he will make it again.
&gt; He did absolutely nothing wrong, he didn't break any tournament rules or any fishing regulations Wasn't the point that the tournament rules required all crew to have licenses? Are you saying that's not true? If so, then it sounds like he has a case.
Two hands for a selfie?
The one in which a sincerely held political belief is termed a "gaffe." How is that not true? Politicians aren't fooling anyone.
He won't be making that mistake again.
Really? A politician lying? /s Seriously though, if we're knocking people running for President for lying, then to be fair we'll need to bring Trump in on this whole debacle.
It seems an attempt to somehow profit by selecting value fluctuations of stocks that are beneficial to you on the short term. Long term holding is better, because on timescales longer than the fluctuations the market trends upward. Just based on the fundamental nature of stochastic fluctuations, I'd say that such rapid trading is a bad idea.
Step 1: Be not poor. Step 2: Refer to Step 1.
&gt;Over here in the US, a good number of people run for president, knowing from the start that their chances of winning are VERY slim to none. Like Donald Trump? You can't be President unless you run, hence the large number of hopefuls on the Republican side.
&gt; is like reading A Feast For Crows. It's painfully slow If you think a GRR Martin book is "slow", then you're probably doing it wrong...
Doesn't Reddit skew white, young, and male? If so, then it's statistically likely that they won't vote at all.
Eat heavy, lift heavy!
Well if she was actually singing (imo it's cheating to lip sync and unprofessional behavior), she would need to hear herself in her ear. Also if the mix delivered to her ear is bad it can cause a problem.
They probably should have..
They missed the opportunity to position "up" higher up on the sign, so that "dn" would be lower. I wonder why?
Someone pointed out he's due an intelligence briefing on the matter around then. The implication being he is lying and knows nothing, but we'll find out when he does. I guess..
I don't know if I buy that someone had it out for her. Yearly events like these, they probably contracted the sound engineering out to a company. The worst that will happen is that company will not be used again, and their word-of-mouth reputation is ruined.
There is no major democratic figure now. They want to blame democrats with no central figure upon which to cast that blame. So they look back to Clinton. They're not interested in moving on and laying out policy, all their positions are reactionary; i.e., dismantle obamacare, end abortion etc.. Where are the new republican initiatives that the public can get behind? There aren't any, and there won't be. Republicans do nothing proactive ant more. What a sad state of things.
MDF disintegrates when wet, so I always avoid it. I typically like using real wood like pine, which is inexpensive and durable.
They've tested this excuse enough that I suspect it will be their official reply whenever Trump further enriches himself at America's expense. I believe they plan to change absolutely nothing to address his expectantly many conflicts of interest over the next 4 years.
As soon as coastal property values plummet from constant flooding they might notice. They already raised a huge stink about FEMAs new high risk flood maps.
They tend to reverse course if other religions get equal treatment from those types of laws. Like allowing atheist displays alongside Christian ones on govt property.
Absolutely other countries look to America for security and leadership on the world stage. Everyone pays attention to US policy, which is why Trumps improbable victory concerns so many foreigners.
[Here is a good, short paper](http://www.ee.ucr.edu/~rlake/Whitesides_writing_res_paper.pdf), describing how to write a paper, but from a chemistry angle. Nevertheless, the general principles extend to writing any type of scientific document. I, personally, tend to write papers largely without a serious outline. I do it by: (1) brainstorming the overall story for the paper, i.e., what one-line synopsis will the reader take away after reading? (2) I make high quality figures of the main results that complement and support the conclusions I want to convey in order to tell the story. (3) *Then* I start writing, by first formulating the "results and discussion" section (or maybe separating the results and discussion into two sections). (4) I finish the paper by writing the introduction, and finally, the abstract. The paper/article can change dramatically while writing results/discussion, depending on additional literature citations, so writing the abstract at the end is key. (5) Abstract/summary: should hook the readers who got enticed by your interesting title, compelling them to read the remaining sections of the article.
So, am I reading this correctly that he thinks people exercising their constitutional rights are "foolish"? I'm sure there are some [second amendment people can do something about it](http://www.cbsnews.com/news/trump-second-amendment-people-could-do-something-about-clinton-judge-choices/).
Donate to national campaigns, probably. That way, your influence can reach candidates in other states.
I would be surprised if that wasn't a very serious injury. Broken bones, lacerations, soft tissue neck damage, etc. Feel really sorry for that kid.
I feel like this is an interesting case study, but pales in comparison to the precedent for the outright and unaplogetic lies; transparent and flagrant conflicts of interest; candid racism, sexism, bigotry and cowardly and petty bullying now considered acceptable practice heralded by Trumps inauguration.
Can he justifiably appoint himself? Based on Obamas pilling, I feel like much or even most of America would be OK with it.
Unfortunately there are indirect consequences of an inhibition on free trade. For example, it's good that 5,000 people have stable jobs in manufacturing, but bad now that everyone's food bill goes up $100 per month because it's more expensive to import.
I suspect that a lot of "white collar", low skill office jobs will inevitably disappear due to software based automation, instead of mechanical automation in blue collar jobs.
I don't know if I buy this as told.. the concrete would have set (maybe it did) and the paper of the bags rotted away. It doesn't take that long. In fact, this is how you can build a simple (ugly) retaining wall quickly.
