&gt; If you had said this from the start then this conversation would have been over. Check usernames. &gt; Banning 700,000 Arab Israelis from returning to their homes and properties after the war was over based on their ethnicity was ethnic cleansing. Denying this is insanity. It wasn't in line with perfect ethics, but the insanity would have been to allow them to return. You can't honestly say that the fledgling nation could have allowed hundreds of thousands of (justifiably) angry Arabs to refill the area between Tel Aviv and Jerusalem. It simply wouldn't have worked. Israel could have but didn't expel the Arabs and other minority groups that remained in the area. This shows that decisions were made with at least some ethical considerations. In 1948, a time when the French were kicking around the Algerians and the Vietnamese and Stalin was moving ethnic groups around willy-nilly, Israel could have pushed out the minorities. After all, the Arab states were kicking out the Jews and nobody was complaining at the UN. But there wasn't a genocidal urge in the hearts of Israelis, just a practicality born out of a precarious situation.
God bless America, and *everybody* else.
There is also unexpected benefits. For example, the completely regular numbers system of Esperanto is the same as the system for Chinese, more or less. Additionally, the concept of having a single, regular change for all tenses is also part of Chinese. Simply learning about accusatives and all those other fun terms is enough to make Esperanto useful for learning basically any language, from Japanese to Klingon.
&gt; the Ukraine Just a tiny nitpick, Ukraine no longer is referred to with the definite article.
He is a frothy mix of lube and fecal matter.
&gt; ...if they are true to Islam’s teachings. Assuming that you are interpreting a complex, sometimes contradictory religion correctly, few people are perfect followers of their religion.
When I pick a girl up, I always tell her "I want to be in you". The fathers love it!
John Carter, the finest swordsman on two worlds.
Do you really think someone would do that, just go on the internet and tell lies?
Not a Simpsons fan, eh?
Sure it does. A university shouldn't be constricted by the government. Iranian colleges are very much constrained by religion and politics. They can't be called true centers of learning, but rather extensions of the government's control over people's thoughts.
But the government does keep Bahai out of universities and government employment, right?
The nation didn't collapse in the early 80's when all the colleges were closed and Islamized. And free of cost is not the same as free from the oversight of the government. Surely you aren't gonna tell me there isn't both religious and political screening before entering as well as indoctrination included in the curriculum. It is one of the reasons Iran has the worst brain drain in the world.
From the numbers gang's internal justice system... &gt; At this stage of proceedings, once the accused has been sentenced to death by a majority vote, the "Goliat-one" (man of light) attempts to save the accused's life. He strips off all his own clothes and then runs around naked round the edge of the Twelve Points. While doing so, he lets out a scream in the most haunting voice he can, pleading for mercy.
That's what a weapons manufacturer would say.
That's a rather poetic post, thanks. Have you heard about Freakanomics' take on the abortion issue. They claim that women are good at deciding when and if to have an abortion. If the women is too young or poor or unready for whatever reason to have that baby, she'll know. Abortion can prevent a tragic issue in her life that will be healthy for neither her future, or the baby's. The authors argue that there was a drop in crime 18 or so years after Roe v. Wade. Before legality, rich women could obtain abortions from illegal but generally safe means. Poor women could not. With abortions becoming more available, a whole generation of children that would have been born into poverty and other rough circumstances were aborted instead. It is simply a fact that those born to teen mothers or other troubled homes will be more likely to become criminals (no offense, I wasn't born with a silver spoon and I know most people from the lower rungs are good people. But we are talking statistics here). So when we see abortion as the choice of a mother, we see mothers making good choices. I understand that there are other issues related to morality and whatnot, but I don't think government should regulate morality.
&gt; What if the king's daughter hates her betrothed? Spaceballs?
In my mind, abortion is like heroin. I'd prefer not to have any daughter of mine using it. But, I know that it will exist in society. I'd rather that our body politic has a way to mitigate both the risks to the individual and the risks to the greater whole.
This was the plan all along. Humvees suck. They are a logistics nightmare, only use diesel, are slow (top out at 50 MPH), can't be repaired by ordinary car mechanics, and break down all the fucking time. It is standard procedure for a humvee to have a drip pan. They literally all have a rubber pan to put under the engine because they leak oil so much.
&gt; He already conceded to democratic elections... Those elections were a sham. Too little too late, to try to quell the growing protests. He won't step down as arbiter of both government and military.
I have never read such armchair general nonsense in all my life. &gt; Iran has a huge army...Russia has a small army. Maybe Lichtenstein can solve the conflict with their massive naval infantry.
&gt; ...the Duggar boy's obvious wrongdoing **over a decade ago.** &gt; I’m not an apologist for any sexual predator, **but I’m sickened that the media...** It is tit-for-tat. I'm not an apologist, but let me go on obfuscating the issue. They are covering for their girl, so Imma cover for my boy. It isn't a political issue, at least it shouldn't be. It is a moral and criminal issue.
&gt; So your argument is send in US troops because they are the only ones good enough and that insurgencies are impossible to defeat so give up? I never suggested sending in US troops. I specifically spoke against it. US troops failed to counter insurgencies in Iraq, Afghanistan, and Vietnam. That is *exactly why* I said US troops should *not* go in. It is also why I don't believe Russian or Iran troops can solve the problem. You didn't address my argument that Russia hasn't defeated the Chechnya insurgency and Iran hasn't defeated the Balochi insurgency. How can you expect any of the three to solve the problem in Syria? &gt; Russia and Iran are the least likely to abuse the situation. Both have been sending troops and other support to Assad, because they support the Assad regime. It isn't for moral reasons, it is for their own selfish reasons (Russia for the Med port, Iran for Shia religious reasons). Both will continue to subdue the popular uprising against Assad. &gt; A large quantity of manpower can completely blockade towns or small cities. More armchair general bullshit. The American military mustered amazing amounts of ground and air forces against the insurgency in Iraq and made little progress. What makes you think that the qualitatively inferior Iranian and Russian forces can contain a larger and more determined insurgency?
American students [have been censored](http://www.patheos.com/blogs/friendlyatheist/2014/11/08/high-school-students-punished-for-not-saying-under-god-when-leading-pledge-of-allegiance-over-loudspeakers/) for not reciting the godly Pledge of Allegiance. That isn't good, but it doesn't make the whole country a theocracy.
&gt; These people have no outside help and no defensive weapons Nonsense. Palestinians get a huge amount of outside aid, as well as under the table weapons. If they were actually a nation, then they would be developing themselves as such. Instead, opposition to Zionism is the only thing that defines their identity as Palestinians.
Hadiths are rated in terms of their reliability, and the ratings vary by school of thought. There is even a Koran-only movement slowly growing.
People in areas with high HIV rates should be educated about sex acts that carry a reduced risk of infection, like handjobs or eating da poo poo.
I used yours! Because you aren't contributing to the conversation! Surprise, cockface!
Can I still say "motherfucker"?
People from D.C. also call it D.C.
Obama criticized Bush's invasion of Iraq, but Obama Obombed Libya without the slightest hint of an endgame in mind.
And humor. This is the kind of teacher that really knows how to teach. If I took this guy's class, I'd make sure to ace that first pop quiz so I could pick his brain at dinner.
It is amazing how frankly he is able to answer questions. It is almost like he has convictions or something.
Can someone explain to me all the literary allusions in that post, like the use of the word "retard"?
I would imagine that, as in a normal party, people generally stick to people in their own league, or slightly above if they are feeling lucky.
This moron lent five dollars to a garbage can.
Booker T Washington was an interesting guy. He argued that black people had to uplift themselves economically. To him, the limited social and political rights were only a manifestation of the lack of economic power. He encouraged blacks to keep their heads down in school and the workforce. Today, blacks still suffer from social and political prejudice. Despite a black president and other high-profile figures of color, black communities are still often poorer. Is Washington still right?
Are those pickles uncooked?
He's fighting a culture war for your soul.
When a hammer is your only tool...
She had a good spot in line back in '08. But now is past her turn, and she won't win. The GOP have Mitt Romney as their perennial loser. There is more than a year to go, I think we will see some fresh faces on both sides, hopefully with fresh ideas behind those talking faces.
You have to just go with the crowd, its like with professional wrestling.
&gt; The whole point of councilism is to promote participatory democracy, direct intervention and elimination of bureaucracy. The idealism is strong with you. &gt; Yeah, no, I'm using the actual definition of socialism, the one it's always had and always will have... The meaning of words change. Anyway, you aren't using the "actual" definition, you are using the one that your particular flavor of Red likes to use. Mainstream society uses socialism to mean central control, be it a government or a unicorn-finding collective. &gt; they use "liberal" as an insult because they think it means "left-wing". Why? Because they're morons like you. See? There you go redefining words against the mainstream definition. You also throw around so many insults. You must have a lot of insecurity. &gt; Thatcher's model had a ton of nationalized industry, so was she a socialist? No, she wasn't a socialist. She blended socialism with free market economics, just like every successful government ever. &gt; Rojava is not an agricultural society. Besides oil, the main export is agricultural products. There is little industry to speak of. It is an agricultural society. Sheepherders abound. &gt; The extreme left and the extreme right have nothing in common. The theory is not that they are identical, rather that they have more in common with each other than with the center. That is true. For example, central control of the economy. &gt; Fascism has an actual definition and distinctive features. It really doesn't. Mussolini, Hitler, Stalin, North Korea... There are many examples cited, but it is a hard definition to pin down. Oh wait, I forgot you know everything. &gt; Shattering an edgy 15-year-old's political musings We've already established that you're just a kid in school with Che on your dorm wall. I'm not a wise old man, yet. But I've seen and done and read and discussed more than you have in the half-decade since you were 15.
Don't you see how they bicker like an old married couple?
Have you tried having a brief conversation with your boss?
Obama was saying in an interview (with Jerry Seinfeld of all people) that world leaders get a bit crazy sometimes, usually for the longer they are in. Merkel has been in for a long time.
All reasonably believable, until the ending. That was when I knew. A homeless man doesn't write a voucher for his life on a napkin unless he means it, it's the Hobo Code. A coffee and bagel (much healthier than the donut that *would have* been purchased) saved this man's life, and we all best remember what buying breakfast for others in line can do (even after they "didn't really want to talk"). I just bought some pizza slices for some hungover derelicts. Why? Because #ICare
But microbes can form multi-cellular organisms. And those organisms can form larger, cloud-like masses that feed on smaller microbes caught in the breezes like Terrestrial whales feed on plankton. Life in the clouds, man. Like Bespin's Cloud City, except this time there will be no Dark Side. Just happiness and warm updrafts for humans in gondolas to float along with our Venetian Cloud Friends. This is the dawning of the Age of Aquarius.
&gt; I don't want to see another death star in either Episode VIII or Episode IX. Yeah, the Star Killer wasn't doing it for me. Star Destroyer, Death Star... how about a Star Killer next? Hopefully we will see a tension builder that isn't just a giant superweapon.
The IDF isn't perfect, but at least the goal is killing militants.
That is more worrisome, not less.
A magician never reveals their secrets.
They haven't "taken" any refugees, the refugees have crossed the border. They are supported by Western aid. Jordan has no desire to give citizenship or care for the refugees in any way other than to let them squat while the UN fronts the bill.
&gt; They're still better than Saudi Arabia I'm no Saudi cheerleader. The country is under the control of an extended family. Iran is under the control of a religious hierarchy. Same difference. Similar laws, including capital punishment, restricted speech, press, worship. &gt; the Constitution allows an court to vet candidates for loyalty to the Consttution... They are vetted for more than just "loyalty to the constitution". There are few candidates available, and even "moderates" like the current Rouhani are decidedly pro-establishment. We can both criticize the very flawed US system. That isn't what we are here to discuss. I don't have to be a perfect architect to criticize your foundation. &gt; and the Iranian people themselves seem fine with it since they regularly turn out to vote at over 60% rates It is the only game in town. And they aren't "fine with it". If the media and public gathering wasn't so controlled, you'd hear more about it. I'm not trying to demonize it, but there is no moral superiority displayed by Iran in the region.
Except Iran really *is* involved in the internal affairs of Syria, Lebanon, Yemen, and Bahrain, as well as Iraq. They've sent trainers, commandos, funds, and arms to all those places to support their aims, usually Shia groups. Bahrain is certainly a dictatorship, and the Shia majority is repressed by the ruling Sunni elite. This isn't a judgement call, but Iran definitely *is* supporting discord in Bahrain and trying to help the Shia majority oust the current government.
In 1949, why were there no Jews in the Old City of Jerusalem? In what the Egyptian army called Gaza? In what the Jordanian army called the West Bank? Because they were pushed out. All of them. Compare that to hundreds of thousands of Arab Palestinians in Israeli-controlled Jerusalem, Tel Aviv, the north, the south. The point is that Israel stood in 1949 as an embattled group of Jews with a minority of Arabs, Druze, Bedouin, and others. The Jordanian West Bank and the Egyptian Gaza were both Jew-free. This includes not just settlements and recent arrivals, but the old, Arab-speaking Jewish communities in the Old City of Jerusalem, Hebron, Gaza and elsewhere. Israel is not without its sins in the war of '48 and up to the present day. But when we are talking about solutions, we need to see what has been working for people. Two million Arab Israeli citizens live with a quality of life unmatched in the Arab world. That seems to me like a system worth supporting.
Not to be a dick, but ISIS *does* follow your religion.
I'm not advocating dehumanizing a neo-Nazi, anti-vaxxer, or other person holding irrational thoughts. But wouldn't it make you think that person must have run into some bad systems of thought?
&gt; you have to read and look for God to be able to understand. Thanks for the great response. But doesn't this above part show how it is fundamentally impossible for flawed beings like humans to understand the true intention of a divine being's writings?
I recently watched some dancers who were possessed by the spirits of the forest. They danced in a trance, while other villagers drummed and pattered, watching what they believed to be a true occasion of magic in this world. Were these animists possessed by the Holy Spirit, by Satan, or pretending? What about Charismatic Christians and snake-handlers? Those guys in the Philippians who carry crosses, or those guys in India who have hundreds of hooks in them. Faith-healers and book-peddlers on back to Apostle Paul. Many have claimed to Know their Faith is True, because of a feeling they get inside while going through certain religious practices. I hope this doesn't offend you, because you seem like a nice person. I have no way of knowing if your experiences with the supernatural are genuine. But neither do you.
&gt; The accounts of Tacitus and Josephus were quite within the lifetime of people who could refute those accounts. I don't want to rehash this whole thing, but suffice to say these sources are questionable at best. We don't have original copies, so we don't know if it was Christian scholars adding in their props to their homie after the fact. The Bible itself goes back to one Greek and three Latin copies, neither of which is the language of Jesus or any of the Patriarchs. &gt; prophecies saying the Christ would come from David's line. If I'm not mistaken, the Bible records two separate ones. That is ignoring the fact that Joseph isn't Jesus's father. The story of Jesus is powerful, but we can never get away from the fact that the four Gospels *don't* agree. There isn't strong evidence of Jesus's life from secular sources. As you quoted earlier, there were guys like Simon the Sorcerer doing amazing things, or at least people said he did. People love having magic in their world.
I just assumed they vibrated because of that *phooom* sound they make.
*I* preferred the book.
Yeah, but it could be chocolate.
I'm just a Working Class Hero.
Sanders? I don't know his specifics, but I doubt he is interested in raising taxes on the poor or even the middle class. Even modest tax increases on the middle class will be repaid with increased government services. Healthcare and free higher education will both be huge boons for working families.
Why not? They have been regional allies for decades. They are part of a fulcrum against regional rivals. Again, detente with Iran is good. But not at the expense of longstanding allies and relationships. Iran is still playing the inter-Islamic conflict card, and that endangers America's relationships with the Sunni populations that dominate the Middle East and important powers like Egypt, Jordan, Saudi and the whole Gulf.
&gt; FYI only 10% of Iran's GDP is from oil. I don't know where you get that figure. The majority of Iran's exports is oil and gas. Without it, the economy would collapse. Oil sales is the thing driving the improvements in living standards that you've mentioned, although the rural majority has been left behind. &gt; Jewish only parking lots You linked to one parking lot, in the heavily divided and contested Old City of Jerusalem. That ancient city has special religious laws due to the close presence of Muslims, Christians, Jews, and their holy sites. Are you gonna say England isn't a democracy because the House of Lords reserves seats for Church of England bishops? That sounds worse than one parking lot in an old Synagogue neighborhood. &gt; participation I the political process due to their ethnicity Arabs participate in the political process fully, including as elected officials, judges, and generals. Palestinians in the West Bank or Gaza are not citizens of Israel and are represented by the PA and Hamas.
What is your point? Iran's government doesn't show anything to be admired.
&gt; One wonders if you realize that most of the best universities in the world were started by religious people. Oh, sure. But LU isn't one of them. I wasn't speaking against Christian values, but rather the specific, fundamentalist interpretation advanced by LU. Creationism is one handy example, but what about the theology school? Are the historians and Biblical scholars there ready to challenge *every* assumption? Or are they merely gathering evidence to support foregone conclusions? People in this land of liberty are free to set up schools of higher learning for a variety of reasons. I'm not saying every LU graduate is a dum-dum. I'm saying they'd be more broadly informed if they went somewhere else.
Except in Christchurch, where they don't *skin* the kangaroos...
Letters to the Editor and polite party chatter are two different things.
I'm against Biden for the same reason I'm against Hillary. It would be a continuation of business as usual. I'll admit that Obama has been doing generally good, mostly. I wouldn't be too concerned about four more years of Obama (constitutional limits not withstanding), nor with Biden or Hill-dog. But I see a chance for real change with Sanders. Some of my misguided fellow Americans see a chance for change with Trump. But Biden?
Never seen Seinfeld? Who *are* these people?
&gt; Add to that Solo's line: "All right. I understand. Fine. When she comes back, I won't get in the way." It's possibly the worst line of dialogue in any movie, ever. It completely neuters the cocky, confident character that Star Wars and Empire worked so hard to create. I see where you are coming from, but I think this was a great line. Han Solo goes on a quest no less than Luke's. At the Mos Eisley Cantina, Han is just a scruffy smuggler. But just as sure as Luke goes from farmboy to Jedi, Han goes from bandit to buccaneer. Han thinks he has a real chance with Leia, and she doesn't give him *too* much reason to think otherwise. But when his friend (yes, Luke and Han become real friends) seems to be close to Leia, he plays it cool. "All right. I understand. Fine. When he comes back, I won't get in the way." It recalls the scene in A New Hope when Han says: "Uh, we had a slight weapons malfunction, but uh... everything's perfectly all right now. We're fine. We're all fine here now, thank you. How are you?" Han is fumbling his way around.
Yeah, zoos are cruel prisons for gawkers. Animal preserves are wonderful concoctions. I had a rhino preserve on my toast this morning.
But if it was too late to attack while it was charging, they could have just flew an X-wing into the point of the super laser where the beams align. Then, this technique could have been messaged to the other Rebellions fighting the other Death Stars in the non-American parts of space.
&gt; she's saying that people who do oppose the middle class have smeared her for decades Who are these people who oppose the middle class?
This is a very rare look into Trump's soul. Most of his appearances are so scripted. Even though his actual words are not, Trump postures and prances like a clockwork soldier. But here he got angry. He was called out on the hypocrisy of his stated political views, he tried to grandstand his opponent away, and got himself flustered. We saw the real Trump, a pushy jerk. A vain, self-righteous troll.
[I found one](http://www.bh.org.il/shop/souvenirs-from-israel/product/menachem-begin-figure/), but it doesn't seem to be marketed towards children.
"She opened the door" is just the kind of meaningless praise heaped on Clinton.
That isn't concrete, it is a generality.
Oh, if she says so. It's not like she is a famous liar. Edit: Gimme those downvotes, Hill-dogs, I love it.
He's hot for abominations.
That is nothing. The New York Rangers don't even take a shower until after three periods.
&gt; The reason why we entered into negotiations and made some concessions was to lift sanctions. OK, Sec. Clinton increased existing sanctions. Not really a big win.
There is a chick either way. Your stated preference is to insert a finger into a girl's asshole. I guess that is fun. Neither finger-in-butt scenario really does anything for me sexually, not my finger in a girl's butt nor a girl's finger in my butt. But during this situation, either scenario, there will also be a guy involved. If the girl's finger is in my butt, that means it is my duty to Art to insert my finger into a man's anus. Otherwise, I'll be stuck with my finger up a girl's bum, and a man's finger up my own. Oh, dear. It would be weird if I became aroused from inserting a digit into a lady's down-under, because these feelings would happen while a man's finger was close to my prostate. He might see me get a hard-on and get the wrong idea! Now instead, I could have a lady's graceful finger up my butt, providing neither undue discomfort, nor discomfiting arousal. My mind would be clear to focus on the task at hand: inserting my finger into a man's asshole. So you see, though I will allow you and anyone else to have their own preferred line-up of artists performing the finger-in-the-butt circle, I would try to position myself in front of a lady (with my behind facing her). Now would I rather be sandwiched by ladies? Certainly, but we don't always get the butt we want. But if you try some times, you just might find, you get the butt that what you need.
TL:DR I know a Brazilian guy spending two extra weeks in Brazil.
Iceland has a little place called Joann's Hammocks. The nice thing about that place is Joann gets in the hammocks with you.
I read your links, and I actually just got done with one of Clinton's books. Though I will grant you that SecStates don't always get to have the limelight, especially when the President is as charismatic and dynamic as Obama. But as much as I like Obama's domestic policy, his foreign policy has been mostly negative these last seven years. Clinton deserves some of that blame, and I can find only scant evidence that she deserves any praise.
She doesn't control the military, no. She controlled the State Department. After the war was won (as defined by Ghaddafi dying) there was zero post-game plan. That is when the diplomats come in and win the peace, but Clinton had nothing. No plan before, no action afterwards. The military did their job, Hillary failed to carry the ball into the endzone. She voted for the Iraq War in the Senate. She cheerleaded the attack on Libya, the drone war accelerated (especially the State Department's CIA drones). She is consistently on the wrong side of history and has a record of foreign policy blunders in the Senate and Cabinet.
Yeah, like the strength shown in fucking up Libya, or letting the Saudis kill innocents in Bahrain, Yemen, and their own soil. Wait, too much warmongering? OK, how about doing basically nothing while parts of Ukraine are taken over by Russian forces? It is flexible strength.
&gt; Yeah, because thinking there could be a market for America to invest in is totally the same as a neoconservative crusade The "pivot to Asia" was about the military. America was already deep into Asian trade, and with numerous American military bases in the region. Deepening the military commitment is foolish. &gt; when it would have been the convenient "follower" decision to stay mum on the issue. The West has been moving forward on LGBT rights for decades now. Hillary was late to the party.
&gt; Our allies need to know we stand with them. It's either that, or Manila goes ahead and does something foolish... If Manila thinks the US will support it no matter what, that will enbolden Manila to do something foolish. You are advocating a world where America uses military force to pursue its objectives. I think a good top diplomat would have done better.
Good, I hate when people believe that.
It is funny you say that. The Emancipation Proclamation freed any slaves in rebel territories seized by the Union Army (they were also seizing property at that time). Slaves in places that had it but didn't leave the Union kept slavery until later legislation. Lincoln's act could be called illegal, and many smart legal scholars have. But all the smart historians of course agree that it doesn't matter. Lincoln even had elected officials arrested to prevent them voting on state succession. That was *certainly* illegal and a travesty to democracy, but again history absolves Lincoln. As it will with the Supreme Court. I might be wrong, but I think the judges were stretching the Constitution. The effect of the ruling is what is important, though. If Justin Bieber was banned from the US for life by order of the Wu Tang Clan, I'd say "oh no. civil liberties and freedom of movement and stuff" in a tiny voice and then move on with my life.
*That* is why you said "oh, I know way more than you"? Geez, a summer internship ain't enough to act like you are an old embassy hand. Do yourself a favor: Before you finish college, humble yourself.
&gt; The French resistance of WWII would be labelled as terrorists in todays parlance. If I'm not mistaken, the French resistance was fighting the occupying army. As long as they weren't killing civilians, few would call them terrorists.
Well, too bad the Arab states disagree. They are holding a few million Arab refugees as stateless hostages, doomed to languish in Western-funded camps until the day they can flood Israel, punishing Jewish civilians for winning a war that they didn't start over 40 years ago.
Irgun was never popular. After the establishment of the state and the government's forced disbanding of the Irgun, Begin got involved in politics. He was a fringe politician for decades. &gt; the founder of Likud Likud was founded as a consolidation of opposition parties. Begin's party was but one. He remained a small part of a small party after the founding of Likud, which happened decades after Irgun had been disbanded. &gt; Sharon (Sabra) Sabra was conducted by Lebanese Christians against Lebanese Muslims. Blaming Jews for Arabs killing Arabs is a broken record.
A few hundred religious extremists? Yes, Israeli media reported on how shameful that was. Meanwhile, Palestinian media has Mickey Mouse lookalikes telling kids to kill Jews.
Says the guy who just selectively edited an article to make it seem like Israelis orchestrated an inter-Lebanese conflict.
I read somewhere that on the Quebec French dub of The Simpsons, Principal Skinner and Mayor Quimby speak Parisian French, while everyone else speaks Quebec colloquial. We?
But don't say that in China.
Im a doorknob and this stereotyping is making me uncomfortable.
Yes, I'm crying right now. What was it that you contributed to the conversation?
I don't know where you are getting your information, but please note there is a lot of bias shit out there. &gt; Britain was supporting them. Britain was playing both sides. The Balfour Declaration was just an empty promise, especially since similar promises were made to various Arab parties. &gt; Britain provided money and weapons to Jewish groups False. The only money and weapons Britain gave to Jews is the ones who volunteered to serve the Allies during the World Wars. &gt; continued to brutally suppress Palestinian revolts - so much so that Palestinian forces were decimated by the time war came around. Classic apologetics. The British Mandatory police had their hands full with both the Jews and Arabs. The underground Jewish militias were actively hunted by the Brits, with many Jews imprisoned and some even hung. What "Palestinian forces" are you even talking about? Palestinian nationalism didn't exist at that time. Perhaps the Arabs of the Mandate were less organized because they expected the Arab armies of their neighbors to do all the work. &gt; the absolute mountain of supporting Britain gave Again, nonsense. Did you know that the Brits limited Jewish immigration into the Mandate in the inter-war years. Millions could have been saved from the Holocaust, but Britain bent to Arab pressure to limit Jewish refugees and immigrants. &gt; Britain was all about disenfranchising one group of people Again, Britain has always been about playing all sides. Israel wasn't created by outside forces. You are making excuses, it is pathetic.
It is like a crustacean's shell. The creature created the home, but it is only a non-living exterior manipulated by the beast. Like when a model sashays her hair.
Why did Israel give away the Sinai peninsula in exchange for a peace treaty with Egypt?
They tried that. It's called the Oslo Accords. You can't expect Israel to make peace on its own, with no partner. When Israel has put down its arms, it has been attacked.
It's not deep dish if you use zebra meat.
But the cats lick each other. They bond by licking. The question I have is: Will the cats lick you back? If they really think you are a cat licking them, they will lick you back. Does this product guarentee that my cat will lick me? I'll certainly be letting Yelp know about my thoughts concerning this cat licking experience.
Mine is giving me a thumbs up. He's saying "good job, buddy. Everything is great."
It's so great when he submits his film to the ratings people. His film that is full of "screw the ratings people". I wish I was in the room when they first reviewed it.
Do you think she is a robot or a lizard?
Hillary is trying to appeal to smart people. Trump is trying to appeal to dumb people. Which sounds like a better bet?
&gt; [We came, we saw, he died. Ha ha ha](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fgcd1ghag5Y) -Secretary Clinton Hillary is a hawk. There is no other way to say it. The closest thing I can say to a defense is: She wants to look strong. She wants to look strong, willing to bomb foreigners. That actually just makes her look weak, like Donald "bomb the shit out of 'em" Trump. Not surprising that they are friends.
&gt; And I apologize for not having a favorite, as they all gel into another...They are so fun, these stories. But, I ramble. Have a super day. Thanks a lot for doing this, you've been great. While I know your emphasis is on your own native language, I'd like to say that your simple, direct way of speaking English is like music to me. The kind of music that makes you happy. Miigwetch
2 bzy 4 dat.
Of course I 'ate your dog! I also 'ate the mess 'e left on the floor.
Reagan was meeting with some working poor folks. He asked at one point "have you thought about moving?" Out of touch. Like when [Hillary Clinton](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cyj5qEy11SU) rode the subway.
Trump is doing a brilliant job of acting like a Joe Six-Pack. Palin doesn't need to pretend.
Enjoy Terry Crews, now. Reddit will hate him once they find out he is an anti-porn campaigner.
Get out of here with that click-bait. And the screaming was obviously edited in.
Hillary is also very affordable. Just a few hundred thousand can save you millions! Really, it'd be stupid *not* to bribe Hillary.
It wasn't Streisand. If Streisand pissed off Hillary, then Hillary would have name-called her in the press just like she did with all those other women.
Seriously. There is a whole *galaxy* out there. Who misses Alderaan?
But my point was that the makers of Mario "knew it would be a hit" until it flopped.
I'd go so far as to call Ender's Game a young adult book. It's about a young kid who is a success in an adult world.
Two in South Korea, though there is political pressure to shorten it and increase exemptions. Better than the North, I think it is ten.
What did she think of your essay? Was it persuasive? I like to use a smart-looking font to make my essays more persuasive.
You gotta get your ammo at Wal-Mart.
I was gonna bake some, but instead I just put flour, butter, and garlic cloves in my mouth. Real garlic bread is better.
Are you...are you coming on to me?
I visit some of the leftist subs, and even the full on commies (some of whom excuse Stalin or Mao) won't touch DPRK. You might get something like "imperialism pushed them to extremism" but almost no one, even the reddest worker, will say that it is a nice place or a good system.
&gt; The only history I see people kinda forced to learn that is potentially biased, is the stuff you learn in elementary/high school as it is filtered through the policies of your education ministry. First off, that is the majority of formal history most of the population will ever learn. Second, don't underestimate how biased universities can be.
Your link is to the work of Milton Mills, a non-scientist who wrote articles in support of a vegetarian lifestyle. &gt; but generally the consensus I see is The consensus you see where? Your link is from a pro-vegetarian blog, showing an image from a vegetarian products company (green tidings. Warning: Holistic medicine) that cites a pseudo-science article by a pro-vegetarian activist that no peer-reviewed journal would publish. So I'm sticking by what I said. Humans have the shorter intestinal tract commonly seen in omnivores and carnivores.
This person is obviously struggling with their self-esteem. If they want to embrace their fat body, they can. Instead they focus on "society."
[Hillary joking about a man who got a bowie knife shoved up his rectum, and an entire country thrown into chaos.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fgcd1ghag5Y) Anyway, your new opinion piece is nice, but the consensus is clearly that Hillary and co. fucked up big time. It was a disaster. So Gaddafi said he was gonna kill people, let the Libyans sort out their own civil war. China regularly puts out statements that they are gonna massacre everyone on Taiwan. People are slaughtered by cops and soldiers in Tibet, Uyghuria, Mongolian China, and elsewhere. All over the world, why Libya? Why Hillary? Why were you so obsessed with having your tenure as SecState so marked with violence? A three-fold increase in drone strikes. A huge uptick in the use of not-quite-legal private military companies (mercenaries). Support for multiple military coups. We all know Hillary has been running for president for the last thirty years, maybe she wanted everyone to see how big her cock is with all that military intervention. Nothing says "my balls are huge and my brain is tiny" like senseless violence.
She clearly has a record of warmongering. It isn't even debatable. She loves war. She loves the war industry. Amazingly, she called America's army "dogs". Thanks Hill, this puppy sure enjoyed cleaning up your messes.
I love Carrie Fisher. She's written some neat articles, smart lady. I'll never forgive her for stubbing Chewie, though.
&gt; Good on Sanders for protesting segregation. Very brave! Are you fucking serious? Yes, it was very brave for a short Jew to stand up for black Americans. He spent a lot of his time and energy, even got arrested by the cops. Risked getting beat up by readnecks. Sure, nowadays nobody supports segregation. But at the time, Sander's voice was very radical. Being on the right side of history is his thing. Hillary never protested, never publicly demonstrated. Your own link states that. &gt; Isn't he too old for that to have been the case? Bernie is just a few years older than Hillary. She looks younger because she spends tens of thousands of a dollars a year on her hair. Reminds me of Donald Trump. Bernie looks in the mirror to make sure his hair isn't too crazy before leaving the house. Anyway, Sanders was drafted and he told them "I don't believe in this war, I won't fight it." Most people who tried that were rejected. The boards were very specific about honesty. They felt Bernie was honest. &gt; Clinton actively protested Vietnam in college No, she didn't. Your article says she was against it, but she didn't do anything about it. Sounds more like she said she was against it years after thousands died. You know, like Iraq. &gt; Hillary actually met Dr. King. Lie. Your article doesn't say that, and there is no evidence that she met him. Furthermore, there is no evidence that she gave a shit about civil rights. As an ambitious budding politician, she avoided controversy. &gt; That doesn't make much sense. Your sentence links to two different parts of Hillary's own website. Could you be any more of a shill?
Bernie Sanders is tirelessly campaigning, while Hillary and the FBI has a lot of explainin' (Hillary has been avoiding the press for months).
Yeah, calling yourself "Abu whatever-name" is like saying "I am an adult, I have a child." But in reality, most of the people in this video joined ISIS because nobody would sleep with them back home.
Because you don't actually know anything about Hillary's pro-corporate, pro-war agenda. You dismiss anything negative about her. Great. Congratulations.
Are you serious? I never cited breitbart or any other right-wing media. Remember, I'm pro-Bernie. *You* cited left-wing media. But I guess you call that fair game. Anything Hillary does to win is fair game. Like [blatantly lying and calling anyone who opposes her an enemy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dC4Pvm6Oj4A). Notice the sudden face change. I honestly think she is a space lizard, humans have more emotion.
Hillary would never do anything illegal. Well, she has already lied about her misuse of State Department materials, and clearly violated the law. But she wouldn't lie about anything else.
&gt; Hillary is absolutely for the extremely high status quo of 40%. We have the highest corporate tax in the developed world. No, we have a very low corporate tax. Hillary is part of the reason that there are so many loopholes that allow corporations and rich individuals to pay close to zero. Hillary (being a rich person herself, has been her whole life) supports tax cuts to the rich, and outright payments to the banking and war industries. &gt; The rich push the tax onto employees and consumers. This is literally the definition of Reaganomics. Thanks for proving that you are right-wing and pro-corporate, just like Hillary. &gt; Both Hillary and Sanders have the same view on corporate taxes False. Again, you are trying to mitigate Hillary's horrible qualities by saying "her opponent is also &lt;blank&gt;" Sanders has never taken corporate money, Hillary is swimming in it. Hillary is propped up by corporate money. It is obvious, she was a Wal-Mart executive, for fucks sake. Who is more "fuck American workers" than Wal-Mart? &gt; Consistently voted for regulations Lies. Hillary was one of the main backers of "bail-out" as in give the banks the common man's money. She is pro-profit. Her short Congressional career shows that, though her words are inconsistent. &gt;Hillary's fracking proposals would be better for the environment than Sanders. Sanders wants to ban all fracking on our beautiful continent. Hillary wants to expand it, which I'm sure had nothing to do with being showered with petroleum cash. &gt; campaign finance restrictions. Hillary should be covered in corporate logos, like a NASCAR car. Let people know who is paying for her opinions.
**STOP TALKING ABOUT HILLARY'S ILLEGAL ACTIONS! SHE WILL BE PRESIDENT, EVERYONE WHO DISAGREES IS A VAGINA-HATER**
She missed a lot of votes to avoid controversy. That Iraq vote really burned her. So did her support of bailouts. Supporting predatory credit agencies. Supporting off-shore tax havens. Really nasty person.
Slate, Huffpo, Vox. Why do you think you are an academic? You are a gossip-monger.
&gt; I have not made one incorrect statement this entire time. Not one. What was that about ego?
Why didn't you chop his log with your pee? It would have saved a flush.
Chickens also have amazingly big testicles. They are tasty, too. A bit like liver. Next time you are at the butcher, ask for some chicken testicles.
I don't know. What's the point of Revelations? Bunch of metaphorical nonsense.
Right, he just did it the one time. It was just once. Just like he wasn't lying when he said "I did not. Have. Sexual relations with that woman, Miss Lewinsky." Because it was a BJ. BJs aren't sex, apparently. I actually respect Hillary for not having sex with Bill. She probably doesn't want to catch anything.
For what? You won't care, you will still vote Vagina in 2016.
No, Gandhi wanted Indians to have the same rights as British whites. The fact that he didn't care about Africans is proof he wasn't perfect. But George Washington owned slaves. Hillary lives in the current day. She is desperately trying to keep up with the kids. But she is failing. Like when she tweeted about "listen to survivors" but was called out on a lifetime of attacking the women that have accused her husband of sexual violence.
That is literally what you just did. Hillary is a warmonger. Dispute that claim.
You really love mobs, don't you? Johnson will let the states do as they may, this country needs a weaker federal government. Hillary is an authoritarian and will swing her big cock in everyone's faces.
That makes sense because Jesus was a Buddhist.
Kazakhstan is a huge country with a really interesting situation. I'd love to be able to travel through the country conversing with the locals. If you don't mind, can I ask why you study it?
What about that casino? How did he fail to take money from suckers on that one?
&gt; Trump is a good deal maker but a so-so operators of businesses Sounds like he won't make a good President. Thanks for this AMA.
Only two kinds of people come from the Underdark: Drows and cows. You don't have horns.
Cows often have their horns removed to protect the farmers, but they do have horns naturally. Drow, I think they only have horns if they are aberrant.
[Patrick Stewart](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xi_27bpIb30) is an excellent human being.
I reject the notion that Hillary is liberal or better than Trump. Hillary is a warmonger in bed with the arms industry. She is pro-fracking and in bed with the petroleum industry. She is pro-Wall Street and proud of it. She has a record of bigotry and race-baiting. Hillary is an authoritarian corporate agent. Trump is an unknown, we don't know what he really believes. We don't know what Hillary really believes, either. But she *does* have a clear record of supporting war, big money, and politics-as-usual.
I'm bigoted against ghosts.
I saw The Jungle Book recently. It had its moments, but the whole thing just felt unnecessary. They even reused the old songs. Be original, people! Except Star Wars. You can keep making Star Wars.
Evil Ginger: This battlestation can destroy the whole galaxy! Assistant: Why would we need that, sir? Evil Ginger: Guards, seize that man!
Thank you, that's kind of you to say.
&gt; just part of the status quo Hillary 2016: Just Part of the Status Quo
If you are a one-pot fan, [this guy is pretty fun](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9P8UVyueKOo).
Robots love Hillary, she is one of them.
&gt; the best of us all Thanks, but that takes it pretty far. Scientists, engineers, honest politicians...they are our best. Soldiers are just trying to make a living doing a dirty job.
&gt; Children already at risk in Palestine, South Sudan, Syria, Yemen So Saudia Arabia is just funding charity in Muslim nations? Is that really in the spirit of the UN? &gt; “It is not in our style, it is not in our genes, it is not in our culture to use threats and intimidation" -Saudi Ambassador to the UN. What? We are talking about a government that is bombing Houthi schools and hospitals to get them to "settle down." A country that throws Shia Muslims in jail for being slightly different in dogma (directly threatening and intimidating them, prisons flush with political prisoners). A country that executes "witches", meaning fortune tellers. Where non-Muslim worship is openly banned. Where slavery is practiced openly and unapologetically. No offense to Arabia or Islam. But the House of Saud is the very worst example of the Middle East. It is barbarous. Even conservative Muslims tend to hate, *hate* the House of Saud. It is a disgrace that the US and other Western nations pretend those foul dictators are kings, and a travesty that the UN would let the House of Saud kill children with impunity. It is time that King Salman get threatened himself. Like "if you don't clean up your human rights records, we ain't gonna buy your oil, anymore."
How can anyone expect Hillary to be consistent? Her donors keep changing and so do polls, so it is tough for Hillary to keep up with what kind of person she should be this week.
For a little while. Mariah is a talented singer, but she isn't an enduring and innovative artist like Eminem. And his song was funny, which was my point.
Theory: Hillary is wearing the sunglasses because they are prescription. She needs them to read. When she gives her teleprompter speeches, she has contacts in, but chillin' on the plane, Hillary rocks script sunglasses. She is terrified of looking old. She spends more money on her hair than Donald Trump.
Andromeda was pretty good, but hit-and-miss. Come to think of it, the original Star Trek didn't last that long, and there were a few stinkers.
You asked the door man what his salary is? I find that unlikely. Did you ask him what the "finders fee" is that prevents him from leaving the country with most of his earnings? Can he quit if he wants to?
How does a Palestinian state need an army to practice self-determination? Many nations don't have militaries, including Iceland, Andorra, Lichtenstein, Hong Kong, Panama and others. They don't lack self-determination. In fact, many of the demilitarized states are leading figures in standard of living and rule of law.
&gt; does the fact that there were attacks before 67 contradict the notion that 67 occupation is a major contributor to palestinian suffering and therefore violent resistance? Read your sentence again. You are saying that Palestinian terrorism is justified as "resistance" against occupation. Well, attacks before 1967, before the occupation, were commonplace. Something else is the problem. I don't know what. I don't speak for either of the maligned parties, but the '67 occupation wasn't the start of the problem. &gt; before 67 there were even more brutal events Yeah, the Arab leadership embarked on a genocidal campaign against Jews. They bragged about it. They broadcasted that all the Jews would be wiped out. The Jordanian army cleansed all the Jews from a piece of land they would name the West Bank. This included the ancient, non-Zionist, Arabic-speaking Jews. Egypt cleansed their army's advance, what we call the Gaza Strip. Then, things got worse for the Jews in the Middle East. Surprisingly, Israel decided to allow all the Arabs and Druze and Circassians and all the other ethnic minorities to live in Israel, as well as welcome the Jews thrown out of Arab lands. But yeah, OK. Israel is the genocidal one, because they wouldn't lie down for the invaders.
Look it up, the Clinton Bribery Scheme has funneled almost nothing to needy folks. It is a way for despots to funnel millions to the Clinton's coffers in exchange for their influence.
There were major and repeated attacks against Israel before '67. But after the start of the occupation, the logic shifted from anti-Israel to anti-occupation. Great marketing.
Obama didn't support the Iraq war, and he specifically called out Hillary on her poor foreign policy decisions. It was deeply disappointing that he made Hillary his SecState, after calling her a foreign policy disaster. As a SecState, she was a foreign policy disaster.
&gt; People contribute to campaigns because they want to see a candidate win. So Saudi Arabian kings, as well as a variety of dictators from some of the worst human rights offenders in the world, all want Hillary to win. Good to know. And obviously the millions given to her associates won't affect her. Right.
Is voting for foreign war liberal or conservative? How about supporting fracking?
A guy bribed his way onto a highly secretive part of the State Department, that should be reserved for experts, rather than campaign contributors. After the media shed light on it, he was forced to resign. Hillary has never admitted wrongdoing for appointing him in the first place.
I have a hard time believing that racism and bigotry offend Romney.
Wouldn't it be nice to have a candidate that is worth voting for, instead of just voting against Trump? Maybe someone who has been on the right side of history, since the days of protesting for black American's civil rights and against the Vietnam war, to supporting the working people of this country and opposing the disastrous wars like Iraq that send the working people's sons to kill and die.
You are pretending that you aren't a part of a racist system.
Bernie Sanders ran one of the greatest campaigns *of all time*.
Hey, let's put some egg on this stale bread. Hey, yeah!
When insulting a bigot, you shouldn't then use your own bigoted language.
Yeah, that was a really low blow. Palestinian leadership shoots themselves in the foot with their denial of Jewish roots in the land. Its like "I'm not made up, *you're* made up."
George Costanza's cousin is a very passionate man.
You schedule them?
He wasn't just unqualified for the board, he wasn't cleared to review all that sensitive information. Hillary is yet again endangering America's secrets.
