HAVE A GREAT BOARD, SODDING PRIESTS SPAMMING WELL PLAYED TOPDECKING(AS EXPECTED) 2 HOLY NOVAS, THEN I'M 4 OFF LETHAL, HAVE A RAG WITH TAUNT AND DIVINE SHIELD ON BOARD. LOL MIND CONTROL GREETINGS. CONCEDE WITH 1 DAMAGE OFF BECAUSE PRIEST REQUIRES SKILL. THIS IS WHY YOU GUYS GET THE SHORT END OF THE STICK. TL;DR PRIESTS ARE CANCER
It's actually 250 stacks of it. I got it about a week ago and it takes about 10 minutes to get 250.
The thing most of us missed is that "announcement" isn't about the dwarves. It's about the no flying "ever".
Or both. Quoting a comment from the page Not that it's a difficult quest in the first place but you can speed it up ever so slightly. "Simply right-click on a "seedling" to remove the trapped human from the dirt. Once he's out, right click on your shovel to kill him. Credit for 2 "saved" humans, for the low price of one!" -Guzz
Plugs?
Eh, there must always be flight *aviana's feather*
Ashran:"GIMME A BIG HUG! :C"
Your username is so relevant that it hurts.
BUT WAIT! There'll be more! In patch 6.3 when you get bored of ALL of that, you'll have yet ANOTHER race to kill!
I kept staring at it thinking "WHY DID THE ARTIST DO IT" before noticing that it's not one..
You're close! UNDEAD FEL SABERON SKELETONS!
Hell I'd settle for the old escape plan.. Although wouldn't turn down the glorious Equalizer.
Horde DK reporting for duty. I remember when I had problems of getting Leeroy for at least a week, so let's do it!
Frostfire ridge!
Happy belated birthday!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
That time of the year again, eh?
Maybe he doesn't like MOBAs, even though this is the least pressure a MOBA has to offer.
Or there's this, yeah.. I used to play dota 2 before(had about 3k hours in..) and suddenly snapped and started to play HOTS. Then I got bored of it as well.. And that's my MOBAs experience. :C
LOOKS LIKE HYPE IS ON THE MENU, BOYS! /r/cleganebowl WOULD BE PROUD!
Hell, it won't even be risen. He'd be the one wight that just couldn't live.
I'd rather have Magni. God I miss him.. And I play horde :C
Damn it I was hoping it was a EU server.. Gonna try to log tonight and hoping I don't have a thousand ping..
Indeed, every time I see it I remember Broxigar and his story..
I can't wait, either! I've wanted a main server for ages.. Been on Hampshire Heavies for a while now but it's usually empty until midnight :C
You'd know if you're a WoW player. "Oh yeah better mounts than the in-game ones are just optional eugh, you don't HAVE to buy them"
but guise it's $10 but it's GOOOOOLD omfg /s
Eyy we're getting downvoted for being "cheap". High-five!
Hey, at least Dota 2 used to have pretty frequent GOOD drops.. Not sure how it's been for the past year, though.
Just played it for like an hour, and it was fucking GREAT! The 200 ping though, wasn't.. Players were great, plugins even better, and I'm a european that's sad that we have not many good servers :C
5 for 10 I think it was. I've seen videos of it, but didn't play back then.
"BUT GUISE IT'S ONLY 10 BUCKS" Will be the answer most times, sadly. Hell, as you said, even YOU find this stupid.
Oh I did. Not in the exact words, but "10 dollars is nothing" I've seen at least 10 of them.
Yes, I think we will be saving Grom, since he's strapped on a tree.(a familiar one at that)
Holy shit grats! That's honestly the first time I've ever seen it outside of wowhead.
Gronnling envy! It's so awesome looking, the sunhide one doesn't come close to it!
Hm, apparently I was wrong, it wasn't in this thread. It was in the "don't buy the skin" one. Where most top commenters where talking about how it was cheap and how it's optional.
Oh yeah, I'll still be playing though. I mean how would I not when there's INFINITY CABERS!
The sword, that's from a "rare"(hah..rare..) archaelogy find. And he got it. What I meant is, that the sword's been nicknamed "the detroyer of time"(since.. you know.. destroyer of worlds) because it's just *that* rare.
The ARMORED frostwolf is pretty good. The rest are just horrid.
&gt;postponing changes that the game needs WoD PvP says hi.
Well then, that was a *good* run..
Ah I remember the hype that came with it.. Man was it awesome.
Oh I do, as well. But I kept them because I thought that they^would^be^worth^something..
Well what we definitely didn't expect was keys going from 3 ref to 20..
Christ this is spot on for most people I know..
Hmm I should check it out, then. Thanks!
I'd rather have a slow one than a 10x sped up one..
:C
This is why Garrosh bombed Theramore. He knew what was coming.
And a better reward system.
D'oh right. Forgot that the cost to MAKE it is 100.
*crying and hoping*
&gt;mdr
Fuck yeah it would.
Dragons WITH TUSKS!
Fake as *fuck* tusks. These ones will have *100%* authentic troll tusks! And when you do a /mountspecial they'll not *roar* like little cunts, they'll say HOW YA DOIN MON
&gt;paycheck DINGDINGDING!
Exactly! I'm still sad about both of those not being faction specific..
I think you're on to something here, since even the new cardback that's coming out will be a night elf one.
I.. I think that one human is naked? Right where blackhand's left hand is, if you zoom in you'll see it.
So much Horde... I love it!
AW YEAH I FUCKING LOVE THAT GUY! WHEN I SEE HIM I KNOW HE'S GONNA FUCK SOMEONE UP!
This is like where's Waldo for me, man.. I gotta check everything..
CLEGANEBOWL FEAT MR.FUCKSHITUP!
I think you mean Players - Obliterate to win
NEXT EPISODE CLEGANEBOWL I AM CALLING IT
I presume I am.
Well you gotta stay in Blood presence to help the tank out, ya know?
Indeed, almost all NPCs do it. With a few exceptions like Thrall, Khadgar(big names in general) and faction leaders.
It's like a motorboat!
Hey if we don't need em we can sell em! You easily get around 100 gold per stack.
&gt;garrosh Will Magni be craftable as well?
Yeah, true.. Hell I've been using the sodding war mill for so long myself that I recently replaced it as well. Followers are around 630, but I've many higher as well. The reason? Too lazy to fucking click so much.
It's a WAY better far sight. Now, it doesn't give you a spell but ANY minion. And it's rare and you can easily add 2 of them and basically destroy the other player.
This.. Is beautiful.
All is right in the world.
Let's play the *guess which 3 decks will be played* game.
/r/cleganebowl
Tagged as The Emporium Guy.
You know what I want to call you? FUCKING AWESOME! Because you're trying to do better! Half the people in guilds don't even do that! Props to you man, and good luck!
I got them a week part.. Ashes on 7th February, Invincible on the 14th(holy shit I just realised.. February 14th.. Arthas was my valentine!)
Know what? I just wanna check what the new "Hello" is.
He meant that for one emote, 2 characters will talk. The one-eyed head is insane and basically "adds" to the dialogue. Like "He is a good player! (HE SUCKS! FUCKING SUCKS!!!)
I can already hear the threaten emote.. CITIZENS OF DALARAN!
Ah.. Nothing goes over my head! My reflexes are too fast!
Hey we heard you like playful sprites..
Because for most people(myself not included) 10 dollars is not much.
Interesting one about Alleria, since she's still not even on WoW!
Well you also get a golden hero instantly so there's that, I guess.
*The harbinger comes..*^fuckin ^love ^outworld ^devourer
Holy shit I had that downloaded for a while and forgot about it, and was like "Wow, these guys really like the herpderp chain.. It just keeps going!"
Pornhub want to make porn in space. Johnny sins and Ava lovia(real tits). Ps it's a kickstarter of some sort. 3 million.
Touché.
Indeed. He lived life like a true hero.
Hah, I honestly didn't even think of that.. But at least we sorta see him a few times in WoW, as a ghost but still.
Well.. Technically you can help em, you'll get to be one of the people that funded the first space porno!
Huh.. Suddenly greetings traveller will be far less annoying..
[Ding!](https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/pornhub-space-program-sexploration/x/11035356#/story)
I can already see the Akama legendary! Fight the shade, win the card!
But that's the idea! Making PvP useful duh! /s
&gt;Moonguard Shoulda starter with that.
Tauren rogues. Gimme.
It'll be a staff this time. And Alleria's will be a face hitting it.
DEd him for Sylvanas.. I'm sorry, Chieftain ;-;
Was looking for something about this.. Suddenly, DING! Updated!
Aw, even his "Sorry" emote is [great](http://www.hearthpwn.com/files/patch-sounds/256-vo-hero-11-sorry-07).
Bit ironic, hm?
Holinka.
I actually like it.. It's colors look like the ones on the Grinning Reaver!
But they still did *something*! Hopefully next expansion they learn.
"PUT YOUR FAITH IN THE-" Hoot hoot
Beggar's. He Begged for it.
I've been playing since WOTLK, I'm just hopeful :C
Worst part is that those mounts would fit *perfectly* in the reputations that were added.
I can hear Uther saying that. It's glorious.
Been like that since yesterday. There were speculations that this was because of the steam sale, specificalle the new "steam monster game".
We're like a grown up pet. Old and fuzzy, and they just got a newborn one giving it all the love..
Man that is one heck of a beautiful loadout.
True.. But still if they fix even a few things, starting with these new changes, they might be changing *slightly.*
Fuck you, Jessica.
^There^was^no^Reference
HAHAHA that's good one.. You think I buy paint.. ^^Imafuckingcheapskate
Well, [this](https://youtu.be/dlNEStMJpU4?t=25s) is always relevant.
ROBERT THE MOTHER-FUCKING-STRONG! *AS STRONG AS HYPE*
Gloomy? I CAN'T HEAR YOU OVER THE SOUND OF **AIRHORNS! GET HYPE CLEGANEBOWL!**
&gt;Kill the boy, Jon Snow, and let the man be born. *YEP, that's happening*
I recommend you don't :C
Ticket to Kezan, and off I go! Amazing work man, you've done it again!
He's just chilling in a tree..
And then we'll let THEM kill him.
"The username of the person to whom he is responding." -Credit to /u/TempleOfMe
Blahblah 10 bucks
"Have I gotta heal for you" "Got the best heals anywhere" I love the buggers.
I guess it's because we needed another race to be a paladin. And nothing fit more for.. lore reasons?..
Well.. Didn't the Light burn them or something? (Pay no attention to the holy priest on that chair)
Apparently people said that you can play as Rag or Nef, and Nef is strictly better.
Well the guy who wrote it has the username YoUsernameStandsFor.. But I don't usually read names first, anyway.
Well apparently he'll be at the end of the legendary questline..
I still remember the tale of X-9.. Lulu, sweet thing...
True, but I think tokens can sort it for you. Just give your friend(or your other acc) the cash and buy tokens!
The second one especially! Holy shit I've seen it so many times and I still laugh like crazy.
Don't ask me why, but I read that in the Pinky and the Brain theme..
You think good, fellow professor.
I just looked him up.. Apparently he died more than 10 years ago as well :C
Er.. Retired images?
Oh I highly doubt it! Watch em though, really.
I think that would be PERFECT for the pyro.
They added that in the last patch. Gold arena heroes!
Thank you for this, gonna try it out myself.
I think the hat's a Cosmetic.. I hope it is, so my Pirate DK will work!
Boots are the easy part.. Gloves I'll check out for, and shoulders might be a bit of a problem yeah. Also thanks man gonna check em! Edit: GAH THE HAT'S CLOTH! Hopefully moggable to everything..
Wait what? Fleet Commander Hat..My bad then! Thankfully.. I had checked the armiral one which you get from another achieve.
Looks like Frost's back on the menu, boys..
Finally! I've had enough Michael Baying for one lifetime..
At first I didn't realize that it was two parts of a face..
Depending on your time left, wait a bit after 6.2 pops.
Holy fuck he's 42!?
4 Big Mrgls.
Holy shit, this is actually gonna happen.
Oh I absolutely loved Land Before Time.. It was a great part of my childhood, this is tragic news..
It's a toy from the tanaan event Blood moon! Basically collect vials and "drink" the blood from the big orb... Takes a while to do ,though. Also it's not a guaranteed drop!
They're quite.. Tiny. Also a there's not many of them since people camp em.
Hmm... Or avianas from Ashran to Tanaan.
In the garrison follower menu from your character, not the table. Then just click the item, and on a follower!
Haven't tried it in 6.2, but yes I did some exploring in 6.1 in Tanaan and I had to actually use a strider/water walking to go there.
It's also faster to not take hard-to-reach shortcuts, but I still do it.. [Relevant Dark Legacy comic..](http://www.darklegacycomics.com/444)
He was cold.
DON'T MIND ME JUST HYPING AWAY *HYPEHYPEHYPE*
Holy shit this right here.. My god why didn't I do it..
Well I think you *could* use Ai-Li's skymirrow on yourself when you've the buff.
Spider solitaire*.. Also mahjong.
I just came back yesterday since the release of 1.2.. Made a new character, new world.. Go into the forums and BAM! 1.3 spam. Life's good sometimes.
Hah! Love it!
Oh it's only 15 keys now? Yeah I remember the time it costed 3 buds when they were expensive as well.. Damn the economy changed drasically.
FUCK why do great youtubers die like this? Man life sucks when this happens..
Just wanted to say thank you! I had no idea 1.3 was even planned until yesterday when I came back! Thanks for the guide! EDIT: Holy shit since I didn't play 1.2 at all(no idea why) this is really great! SO MANY NEW THINGS FROM 1.2!AND 1.3! AND TOMORROW'S MY GODDAMN BIRTHDAY! IT'S LIKE HAVING TWO BIRHDAYS!
Larger than ever.
Holy fuck that's too much! How dare they make the game so big, don't they think of the space we lose?!
I foresee skipping school in your future..
HOLY SHIT! I was thinking about the fucker and when we'd get to meet him!
Thanks man! &lt;3 I hope you have fun in 1.3!
Oh yeah..I'm just looking at plain items now and thinking what I do with em..
I think it was if you edit a comment under 3 mins of posting it's not shown as edited.
Sick burn! -Lina
Fuck if they released a rubick arcana I'd do *unspeakable* things for it.
Reminds me of the gnomes in wow. Makes you want to punt the little fucker off the map.
Highly reminds me of windrunner from Dota, and GODDAMN do I want to strangle the cunt. Annoying voice, annoying abilities, just the embodiment of a "KILL ME" sign.
And he's also autistic.^See^his^flair
Of course! "50 ways to cook a gnome" "Gnome punting for dummies" And oh so many others that could be made..
Rolling for an alt character, rolling /11 for which race you'll go for. Or roll 3 times and get 3 options to roll again from.
Rolling for an alt character, rolling /11 for which race you'll go for. Or roll 3 times and get 3 options to roll again from.
1 mana for 2 1/1s is preeeetty good. And I guess it also helps with savage roar?
Podling *trolls*
I miss our true king.
Maybe he gets drunk because he has bad teammates?
Confirmed. Just got destroyed. Another awesome brawl!
BUT LE BM xDDDDD
I actually like it more than before, to be honest.. The pirate quests are great.
What can I do YOU for?
