Hi and welcome to /r/nfl. Over at the Bengals table, you'll see bullshit about the Patriots. Over at the Texans table, you'll see bullshit about the Broncos. And over there in the Chargers and Raiders table, you'll see Los Angeles.
This for sure. Marvin will be gone before the team takes another stab at a QB in the draft. Honestly, though, Mike Brown is getting very old, I'd think he'll croak before either happens.
Well that's one way to get new PR's.
So happy to see this happening. If we're not going to have any sort of rail system around here, we need to get rid of all the abandoned tracks.
And then no good content for two or three months after that! :D :| :(
Well shit, if we're not getting Reilly we should at least get a consolation prize.
God yes. The community has millions of map ideas, from competitive to casual and even total joke maps. Hammer is just a mess for those unwilling to spend the hundreds of hours navigating it. I always wanted to make a GPit-style map, this has me interested.
I hate getting interrupted when I explain stuff, but I absolutely cut people off when I know they're not saying anything useful.
Cedric Benson used to come to my Walgreens. Really nice but very quiet.
I'm playing this now and I agree with the critics: this game is criminally underrated and anyone who got hyped for Bayonetta 2 should pick this game up immediately because it is every bit as fantastic. It's literally like playing a Saturday Morning Cartoon.
HOLY SHIT
Oh fuck, a tradeception.
Oh guys I got it. Well get him for Anisimov, Atkinson, Kerby Rychel, and the 2016 First.
The game is out of print and is slowly becoming a collector's item. You're unlikely to find it for that cheap.
I remember seeing a discussion about that maybe a month or two ago. I made the argument that since the Giants would have a better QB in Rivers and a few extra draft picks to build a team with, they'd have a better run at more division titles and possibly more Super Bowls.
They totally made this song so that sports stadiums would license it when they play it during giveaways. Source: Blue Jackets fan.
It would be *if it were on vinyl*.
HAY GURL HAYYYY
It is the best option on this short of notice, honestly.
Technically, dopamine is the only thing that really makes me smile.
That really surprises me about Hawaii, considering everything there is fucking expensive.
Even if an offense runs most of the time they're within 5 yards, defenses expect that scheme and you still have to get in the end zone. That sort of power and skill doesn't come easy. We've seen plenty of RBs get stuffed repeatedly on goal line attacks, even with good offensive lines. To put up those kinds of numbers with that yardage is still pretty special. I feel like this argument would need to go to the tapes. How many of those TDs did Alexander have to fight for and how many of them were gift wrapped to him? That's the true tale of his ability.
Nailed it with the juice. Sure, it's convenient, but most of the nutrients and especially fiber is all but eliminated. We have a lot of health problems in our society due to how we eat, but a lot of it comes from a widespread fiber deficiency and excessive intake of processed sugars. I used to munch on the "healthier" chips (think sweet potato or avocado chips), but now I'm substituting it with low-glycemic fruits and veggies when I do longer gaming sessions.
His reasoning was a little off but the main points still stand. Looking at a screen for extended periods of time is not great for your eyes. Sitting down for an extended period of time is not great for your neck or posture, nor for muscle strength and general bodily functions. These are real things to consider when we talk about a generation whose main forms of entertainment will be coming from indoor activity.
And they wonder why people keep catching illegal streams of their product.
Best GDT of the year.
[Possibly worse.](http://i.perezhilton.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/sidney-crosby-at-justin-beiber-concert__oPt.jpg)
There absolutely needs to be a bridge going from NKY to the West Side. The only reasonable ways to get out of the West Side onto 75 include going through cramped roads to get on the Western Hills Viaduct or Hopple, take the long way to get onto 74, or go through congested streets to get onto 50. All of these just plain suck, especially if you have to get to Kentucky from there. Having a replacement for the Anderson Ferry makes so much sense, as its so dense and the access needs to that much greater.
E
Something tells me that's going to be banned or changed pretty quick.
I'd rather not trade within the division, but then I look at the stacked defensive prospects the Devils and possibly the Canes have, realize that Rychel isn't going to make them into playoff contenders overnight, and realize that they would make good trading partners. I wouldn't want to help Pittsburgh in any way unless I got the better end of the deal simply because of Crosby and Malkin carrying them.
One of my good friends got married last year. He loves gaming, but he also loves a challenge. So he decided to set himself a really arbitrary challenge for himself in Dark Souls 2 (I think it was he had to use a shit weapon for the whole game or something). On the day of his wedding, he spent like five hours beating an optional boss before driving up to his wedding and was the last one of the wedding party there.
Well yeah, when you've okay got so much talent and you have multiple projects, you're going to take on the one that brings in the most money. GoT has this over Borderlands pretty easily.
Man, every time I think I can't like Scott Hartnell any more, he pulls off more of this.
Jesus Christ I just found a game and not even five minutes in we're at level 180. What the hell is wrong with you people.
https://www.facebook.com/groups/cincysmash/
More like an Xbox One demo.
Seems like it would need a more regional study. I mean, Ford is dominant in Detroit, but what about Gillette in New England? Do they have a higher market share in that area compared to others?
Seriously, there's gotta be at last 150 people working on these, which is amazing given the simplicity of its engine and gameplay.
Three cups in six years. Goddamn.
It's significant, but let's not forget that there was a pretty reasonably-sized backlash [for a group of fans trying to retranslate the whole game](http://www.eurogamer.net/articles/2015-05-29-why-would-someone-spend-five-years-retranslating-all-of-final-fantasy-7) not that long ago. Even /r/games didn't get behind it. A remake will not fully meet everyone's expectations.
Of course Chicago would be on there, because they need more Cups.
That, uh, was disappointing.
Seriously, that part made me cringe when Skylanders showed up. Who over the age of 10 cares about Skylanders?
There are, as evidenced by the World Championship final.
Remember, these are not the *statistical probabilities* that a given team will win the cup, just the *betting odds* which is based on a number of factors, including number of people making the bets. That's why a lot of the big market teams will have "better" odds.
You have to take the exchange rate into account, which right now is about [$76](https://www.google.com/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&amp;ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;es_th=1&amp;ie=UTF-8#es_th=1&amp;q=99%20aud), which actually doesn't sound bad in the States for a new game and two amiibo.
["lulz i was only pretending"](http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/facebook/000/738/025/db0.jpg)
Sidebar? Sidebar.
So he can play 3rd pair minutes? I'd like to get a Top 4 guy but with defense being at a premium this free agency it's going to be a crapshoot to get some talent. Wouldn't mind taking this guy for cheap tbh.
:(
I missed the Kickstarter but wish I could've backed it. :( Still going to buy it!
I can see a mid-to-low 1st, a few prospects, and a capable 2nd/3rd liner coming out for Kessel with salary retained.
Man, how come none of you guys want to move defense, the one position we need? :(
2 years, $7M sounds pretty fair. "Thanks for getting us to where we need to go, prove you're worth more."
*swoon*
How does Hanifin vary differently than Provorov, and would that difference be big enough to try and bait Arizona into trading down?
NJ is stacked with defensive depth, they need offense. That said, I'd give them a value of up to one of our seconds to move up to 6 so that Philly doesn't get Provorov.
Playing video games. Huh. That's what I did today, too. Happy anniversary, video games!
Toronto is trying to get overpaid for all their assets, I don't think anything huge will be coming their way.
Darkest Dungeon This War of Mine (though I'm returning it) Small World 2 Telltale's Game of Thrones Legend of Grimrock 2 Dragon Ball Xenoverse So I think I really did well here.
Why wouldn't it? I make a category every sale cycle for games I bought and need to play through, and don't go through more games until they're done. And by the time there's another sale cycle, the games I missed are there for a lower price.
I seriously hope this takes off. If the Olympics are any indication, Women's Hockey can be just as good as Men's from a spectator's standpoint.
baby you're a superstar
ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ PROTECT YOUR DANOS ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ
We'd be the dish that makes you not return for four to six weeks for an abdominal injury. Sooooo everything at Applebee's.
Artem Anisimov, our first, Kerby Rychel, one of our seconds this year, and our first for next year.
And we have three of them! Come to Daddy...
Lol it's cool. Everyone in the state has silly pride that we are entitled to make fun of others for :P
Pompeii was terrible. I'm pretty sure it was made for the sole purpose of getting teenage girls to see Kit Harrington's abs. My fiance called Keifer Sutherland saying, "You bitch!" near the end, about the only good part of it.
Ducks have said they want to move up. I would find it hilarious if we somehow traded to get Wiz back that also included another defenseman and getting rid of Boroque and/or Clarkson.
Every time I venture to Wisconsin, I have to be sure to grab a case of that Spotted Cow. I also recommend Capital's Dark Voyage. It's a Black IPA and it's awesome.
Seriously wish Blizzard would get a small team to make another Lost Vikings.
I hung out with the punks and skaters in high school and, while not to the degree of what black teens face, it does happen sometimes. Then again, our town was pretty white at the time, so I imagine that cops just have a natural instinct to pick out who the "troublemakers" are based on looks. And no, my friends didn't do anything wrong to deserve a random search/detaining on the streets.
Kerby Rychel. Dude's top of the trading block, let's hear it.
But don't tell that to /r/NFL, they got us going 6-10 with everyone getting fired.
U wot m8
Shit I just sold prenatal vitamins to a girl born in like 2001.
Pharmacy tech here. Suboxone and Methadone still have properties that can make users dependent on those drugs, and as such they have to be dispensed with the same rules that we would treat narcotics (Schedule III and II, respectfully). Laws governing buprenophine, one of the drugs in Suboxone, are as such that doctors are limited to the number of patients they can see because there's a lot of auditing and review that comes alongside that responsibility. It's admittedly broken. Add to the fact that some insurances don't cover it, and a lot of recovering addicts are having difficulty getting jobs to pay for it in the first place, and you can easily see why Suboxone is a high-demand street drug. Hopefully with the pending Ohio law in regards to allowing naloxone (the drug that "shuts down" overdoses) to be purchased at the pharmacy counter, we'll be able to save lives, but whether or not it will actually slow down or stop heroin use has yet to be seen. In the meantime, there absolutely needs to be a public needle exchange program and more focus on treatment than incarceration.
It would have to depend on if it's a good possibility of us grabbing a solid QB with wherever they're going in the draft with that. Too early to tell how the college game is going to look.
Colts fans are awesome. They have a great team but are totally respectful. Cheers!
No way is this more disastrous than Mitt Romney's "47%" video though. At least with Dean, we got laughs for years. With Romney we only got disdain and shame on him.
I made this trade proposal, too. In all honesty, we've been looking to deal Arty for a defenseman since the Nash trade. And Rychel is just another piece we have too much of. The trade makes so much sense for everyone, and if Arizona still wants defense, they should have Provorov or Werenski available.
I made this trade proposal, too. In all honesty, we've been looking to deal Arty for a defenseman since the Nash trade. And Rychel is just another piece we have too much of. The trade makes so much sense for everyone, and if Arizona still wants defense, they should have Provorov or Werenski available.
Dat cap hit tho
Nice! How's Montana treating you?
Sidebar? Sidebar.
Very real possibility, although if I'm Arizona and have all that cap room, it would kill two birds with one stone.
I love not only that happened, but Scalia is probably going to write a butthurt response to it and it'll be funny.
I KNOW ITS NOT HOCKEY BUT FUCK IT IM HAPPY AND IM NOT EVEN GAY FUCK SCALIA AND HIS BUTTHURT ATTITUDE FUCK THOMAS AND HIS BULLSHIT SILENCE FUCK ALITO BECAUSE HES AN ASSHOLE FUCK ROBERTS BECAUSE WTF MAN I THOUGHT YOU WERE AT LEAST KIND OF COOL EAT SHIT OLD RACIST FUCKS
That's a hell of a return for a guy that was going to be gone next season.
We'll give it back for Phaneuf
Oh fuck call 911 fuck fuck fuck
Now we get to boo Carter *and* watch Prout beat up Lucic at the same time! If anything we should thank them for the convenience.
Gotta include all those picks and maybe a prospect. I was high on Hannifin, but not THAT high.
You don't. Instead you get a good deal going with either Toronto or NJ that's fair for both sides and snag Provorov.
Crossing my fingers for Hannifin. Keep picking offense!
I'd have to think that a package of Rychel and a 2nd would make for a tempting offer for a Top 4 D-Man.
Get more Defense, it appears. I'm OK with this.
I kind of like the one on the bottom right. Shame we at least don't have a color picture of it.
For a 3rd and a 7th? Not bad.
You guys aren't very good at trading goaltenders, it appears...
Got the #3 defenseman and the #2 European in the draft (and Jarmo knows Europeans). They filled organization needs and could potentially make the club this year. I like it.
I feel like they could have gotten more, but for what it's worth that's a high 3rd. Lack is not Talbot.
Fucking insane price. Edmonton is looking to be my Dark Horse this season with all of these moves.
Not a bad price for a few days of negotiating.
Still have no idea why the trade even happened in the first place. It didn't help us with cap space and Karlsson needs time still. Moving up from second to third round was nice but I'd rather have Wiz when it's all said and done.
Goddammit Carolina stop making good moves.
Can't argue with SCF and ECF back-to-back appearances though.
It's crazy that Anaheim essentially gave up all those pieces for a backup.
The Great City of Florida
What's the average user's screen size in pixels? I'm sure that may have something to do with it.
What are the odds that he leaves Russia to play for us? Looks like a solid stay-at-home defender, I'd love for Tyutin to show him the ropes.
Honestly if I'm the Hawks I'd use him as trade bait for the next deadline. They're not going to get that kind of package now and I'm sure there will be a team willing to pay that price next season when there's an injured player or two.
What a ridiculous scenario. The only way Buffalo actually wins this draft over Edmonton is if Eichel performs better than McDavid.
No, you trade him to another team for a Top 4 Defenseman and a first, and watch him go win a Cup twice **FUCK YOU JEFF CARTER**
Well at least we only spent a low 6th to draft him, so it's not like we're taking a huge risk in drafting him. If he gets sick of Russia after a year or two, he can develop there and make an impact in the NHL almost immediately while the visa trouble gets worked out.
Christ Hasimoto is tiny.
The Hockey Gods determined that Edmonton can't get that good *that* easily and must be tested...by fire...
I feel like he'd be expensive, no?
165 doesn't cut it in this league unless he's Usain Bolt on skates.
[Yeah...well...](http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/657/039/7fa.jpg)
Globalization's double-edged sword. When one falls, everyone feels the impact.
I'll allow it.
http://share.gifyoutube.com/v1ZM9A.gif
Yeah we can't really give a shit where players played in college when major juniors seem to pump out the most reliable players.
NOT MY DANOS ヽ༼ಠ_ಠ༽ﾉ WHAT AM I GOING TO RAISE NOW ヽ༼ಠ_ಠ༽ﾉ
/༼; _ ;༽\ LOWER YOUR DANOS /༼; _ ;༽\
/༼; _ ;༽\ LOWER YOUR DANOS /༼; _ ;༽\
I want Bengals V Panthers Cat Bowl
That was the year Palmer went down, too. Cincinnati is very bitter about it still.
We did, when there was news of Bob coming off the IR...
This will probably happen. I'm sure someone at CBJ told him to just finish the year because they don't want to rush his development in a season that's looking to be lost anyway.
GWG: Boone Jenner B1: Scott Hartnell B2: Alexander Ovechkin B3: 65
DAT RYJO SHOOTOUT GOAL
Could you imagine this kind of goal on a regulation breakaway? It'd be crazy amazing to see!
I mean, there's a lot of players who will be looking for jobs next season. It's in their interest to play their best.
Hunts also doesn't use High Fructose Corn Syrup. Heinz does. Fuck Heinz and fuck the Steelers.
[Relevant gif for next week](http://i.imgur.com/oS47R9e.gif)
Ah, yes, the Bills have implemented the [Andross Strategy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_lkg_8ly1Tk).
Wide receivers.
I guess if, coming off a penalty kill, a defenseman fell and someone was able to feed the puck to a guy coming out of the penalty box, there'd be enough time to pull something like this off in regulation.
I live across the street and have never gone. I'm ashamed.
[Relevant gif for next week](http://i.imgur.com/oS47R9e.gif)
ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ REGRET YOUR DANOS ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ
That's why I disagree with the notion that there were so many "bad" teams this year. So many games were close, if anything teams are evening out in terms of overall skill. I'd expect to see more exciting games like these next season, too.
It's kind of been a revolving-door as far as "who's the worst defenseman" this season, so for all we know it was Bodnarchuk's turn and the team felt the need to capitalize off it.
I agree, it's more Kings than anything else.
Did you know the Maple Leafs haven't won a Stanley Cup since the 60's, and the Blue Jackets never got out of the first round of the playoffs?
Also the Grand Canyon is only a few hours away. Highly recommend checking out the Skywalk.
I once had a mother bring in prescriptions for her two sons, Ricardo and Ricardo. They were born four years apart from each other.
Probably should've gotten a pick or a prospect too. But otherwise this was a necessary evil.
I mean, he can't be that much more expensive than RyJo is this offseason, right? Bridge deal should work out fine now that we will have an extra $4 Million in cap. If anything, Nashville should worry about it more two seasons down the road when Joey and his assface agent will want $7M AAV.
At this point I don't even know if giving up a mid-first round pick will get anyone to take that contract.
This sounds about right. Nashville is in prime position to make a strike into the playoffs, CBJ is going back to perpetual rebuild but this quickens the timeframe.
The same can be said for defensemen, where we typically haven't been able to get.
&gt;It's literally the PS1 version with speedups and higher resolution models. Which, honestly, is what most people wanted anyway. SE is fulfilling a niche, and I will reward them with my money.
No Dano probably means no Saad, and the other two seem to be on the block as well, so really who knows what we get from them if that happens.
Ohio sports in a nutshell.
If they were dumb enough to give us Yandle I'd take that in a heartbeat.
Nevermind
I'd just bite the bullet and waive borque now, let the youngsters come in.
Work in a pharmacy. Can confirm a lot of cash-paying narcotics and amphetamines leaving my store on the first Friday of the month.
THE GAME PLAN IS SIMPLE. WE PASS THE BALL TO ~~TUCKER~~ TYLER.
I didn't know that about Hill, thanks for he heads up. I would like to mention here that Ben had A LOT of those problems while he was at Miami, though. Lots of eyewitness reports about him being a scumbag to women on campus. I'm not speculating that he did any crimes there, but clearly there's a lot more to him than the situations where he got into legal trouble. Though I suppose the same can be said for a lot of pro athletes.
Fight, or hit so hard they have to stop play?
Because the Steelers ALWAYS get away with this. People including officials just shrug it off as old-timey Steelers Football but then pretend to care when another team does it to them. It's disgusting favoritism and it's been happening for decades.
Bengals get shafted on their way to a win. Reds are looking at a 60-70 win season. Blue Jackets looked very promising and now they're favorites for the lottery pick (which will somehow go to Edmonton). What an awful time to be an Ohio sports fan. At least the Crew did well.
If the Steelers actually go to the Super Bowl, I will refuse to watch it.
This needs to be broken. /r/brokengifs
Have any Steelers players been suspended?
LUNCHPAIL TOUGH NOSED OLD TIMEY STEELERS FOOTBALL ::hits a wide receiver with a baseball bat with a nail through it::
There's enough room in my soul to hate them more.
Wow he got white.
IT'S WEDNESDAY NIGHT RIVALRY NIGHT, WHERE RIVALS DO BATTLE ON THE BIG RIVALRY STAGE
Welp, time to preorder on Amazon then. They got the bundle going for $60, $48 if you have Prime. Because you are sure as hell not getting it otherwise without a premium.
Saving this for after work. Looks interesting.
Pretty sure we saw the incumbent mayor and/or city council members get destroyed in the election after they approved Paul Brown Stadium. Just a shitty deal every way you look at it.
What sucks is that it takes Football to do it, and not, y'know, jobs or healthcare or education etc.
I mean, we're not retaining both Jones and Sanu, but even without one of them were pretty deep at WR. I think we need to look into our secondary and add a piece or two there, because we'll definitely lose Nelson or Jones and those are tough to replace.
YOU ACT LIKE THAT'S A BAD THING
THE STEELERS ARE LIKE THE LANISTERS. THEY SOMEHOW MANAGE TO GET EVERYONE TO BUY INTO THEIR EVIL BULLSHIT, TAKE CHEAP SHOTS INTO VICTORY, AND ARE FULL OF INBREDS.
The MLB needs a salary cap. Holy shit, I can't have 2-3 really good years of baseball followed by a decade of bullshit.
It doesn't make sense to me to have Player-sexual mechanics. It's just too convenient, it makes characters feel less real. Of course there are going to be pansexual people in the world, just as there are straight, gay, and bi people. But to have *every single character* be open to romance or sex regardless of the person plays more into fantasies best suited for Rule 34 than it would be for pure narrative. Clearly there is a market for these kinds of games, and I'm not going to care about people wanting this and developers making them, but I'm most certainly not a part of that demographic and would prefer role playing to be more realistic in terms of how people react in real life. So when I hear about the Fallout 4 mechanics, it just feels flat to me, but I can understand why there are some that would be into that. I'm more into realism and character development, or at least romance that makes sense in the world I'm playing in, like Undertale's crazy romance paths. Writers need to take this into consideration better rather than be a cheap titillation to avoid or spark controversy.
Holy shit these Steelers brigadiers are awful. Get a life already.
A cup of tea, a good book, some calories for the game that night, and then a one-hour sleep session on a down-mattress, where Brandon peacefully dreams of beating up Ovechkin using Crosby's limbs.
Oh my, [they're real](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JQYpzL7sILg)!
Perhaps a trade for AJ McCarron? What would the Texans give to make that happen?
Makes me want to vote in Jared Boll, Tanner Glass, and other enforcers to the All Star Game next year.
Welp, that's what I get for using Wikipedia on mobile. :P But even then, it's pretty close.
Looked good to me, or at least not enough to prove that it wasn't.
He generally says incorrect or stupid things, but he always brings a good amount of hype when it's needed.
A lot of them are barcades nowadays. Aside from the Dave and Busters and Gameworks in my town, we have two smaller scale barcades in the middle of my city that take good care of their equipment and are huge retro gamers themselves. The market is more or less assigned to people born in the 70s and 80s, kids today just aren't getting into them the way they are into mobile games.
They couldn't figure out a way to cheat this week.
Panthers, for the Cat Team Brotherhood!
O'Malley: "The government should have to get a warrant wether they want to come in your front door or your back door." ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
You should check out Moral Dilemma. It's like CAH but it's more philosophical and encourages discussion about the most asinine bullshit.
http://moraldilemmathegame.com
Andi Dalton Jo Flacco
You're better off getting a refurbished 32GB direct from Nintendo for $200, including a game.
