Such epic work done here!
Not to be a nitpicker, but her name is "Kristen Bell"...gorgeous picture besides that little booboo :D
This image of Chloe definitely makes her look like she's hopped out on one hell of an upper...
Josh Groban is a truly lucky bastard for being her +1 &gt;:(
Awww...Kelly's cohost Mike Strahan doesn't get a taste? ;)
It may not be her natural colour, but Gillian Anderson simply stuns as a redhead...one of sci-fi's titian temptresses :D
Geoffrey Arend is a lucky, lucky bastard :D
Milla looks like she's surprised...maybe she's enjoying the fun more than anticipated? ;)
Fexy (funny-sexy) work :D
Ohhhhh......this is epic! Whoever is the recipient of this moment is a lucky f-ing bastard :D
Gorgeous!
Well...Jessica seems to be enjoying herself! Must be a great stress reliever for her ;)
Beautiful work!
Mighty decent effort but I'm not sure that shade of red works for Evangeline...even if she did it in real life.
Well...Alice/Milla doesn't quite seem to be into the DP...at least it's just futa!Rain and a mystery futa (Claire? Jill?) and not Nemesis or other BOWs taking out her holes ;)
Very nice work! Britney's looking mighty fine here :)
Hmmm...I hope she doesn't get carried away with her self-gratification fun, as that dildo looks like it could hurt if it went in far enough :S
Stunning work by KinkyJimmy! I'd give anything to tongue those pink holes of hers :D
Very sexucational ;)
It's a great picture...but is it just me or does the face have more detail to it than the torso?
Honestly, Bristol has to be use to her mom doing wacky stuff...I mean, where would she have learned how to it otherwise? ;)
You weren't expecting that, were you Bristol? Momma's giving you a good seeing to!
Katy looks like she's really like the DP session...excellent!
Well now...one wouldn't expect THAT as part of the Daleks' method of converting others to into new Daleks! Clara (or is it Oswin, since the dress looks like the one Oswin was wearing in her mental dream world aboard the Alaska's wreckage) looks rather startled at this treatment... ;D
I'm sure Clark appreciates the sentiment :D
Another fantastic image by Sinful Comics :D
Stunning...absolutely stunning work. This is now one of my favourite Star Wars erotic art pieces :D
I'm all for this idea!
Yup...Keira's back as Sabe and Jessica Alba is a new, unnamed handmaiden to the Empress Amidala. I have been in love with this picture since I first came across it...it's even tickled my brain about trying to write a SW fanfic to explain both how Padme seems to have supplanted Palpatine and her rather minimalist dress sense :D
Between Miravi and Shabby Blue, the quality and quantity of outstanding SW erotic art is exactly that: OUTSTANDING!!!
Such a beautiful smile...that's Emma's alone and not a copy of her aunt's :)
Holy shit...is this computer generated?! The detail and sheer perfection of Kate/Selene's face alone is amazing, let alone the entire package! :D
An underrated but highly talented woman...the world needs to know and appreciate Janelle :D
Amazing work here :D
Beautiful stuff :D
Then she will have to step up her game, won't she? ;)
I might feel a little dirty looking at this...but it's a mighty fine fake, I will say that. Mighty fine indeed :D
Taylor definitely has all kinds of oral skills ;D
Oh...I wouldn't be 'speedy' with Willa...oh no, would take my time ;)
I guess that makes casting the XXX spoof of "Arrow" easier, now doesn't it? ;)
Well, the fact she has a young-looking face amplifies the fact she's nearly 10 years younger (2 months short of 10 years, to be semi-exact), which leaves me feeling skeeved at times. Which is probably hypocritical since I find a number of young women attractive who are younger, the same age or slightly older than Debby....
You're doing good works, /u/throwaway6785679, and practice will make perfect :)
Nice...very nice :D
The lighting on Taylor's face in the source photo isn't quite right for the body's lighting but I like :)
Oh honey...Katy sweetie...please, just let people admire the gifts that God gave you. Modesty is a virtue, but at this point? Be proud of yourself :)
Simply spectacular work! So realistic :D
Oh, how I wish this was real... :D
The expression on Ariana's face is a bit too forced, but otherwise this is a Grade A fake. And we really can't help the expression, I suppose ;)
Oh, to be that lollipop right now.... :D
A decent job here...not super-versed in technical terms, so my critique would be simply "face/head needs a tad more work to make it blend in better with the body source's neck, especially the angle of the head as Rose looks like her neck's fractured"...
Hmmm...a decent x-ray fake here. The CG-generated aureolae are a tad Tomb Raider 1's "Nude Raider" patch but monkeying with photos like this has to be time-consuming work. I salute the artist :D
Amazing job with this!
If only this was the real advertising for the FIFA Women's World Cup....
Emilia definitely looks like a cat with a bowl of cream ;)
Lovely work here! More Lauren!
Hmm...the stare Ms. Justice has here is a tad boner-killing. Which is strange because I'm all for when Summer Glau has her Terminatrix glare on. Oh well ;)
Subtle...but sultry...I like :D
Utterly amazing fake work! So photo-realistic :D
Superb posing!
Outstanding job!
Neil Diamond knew what he was talking about when he sings about the wonder of a Kentucky Woman :D
She can stalk me anytime...my secrets are hers to obtain :D
Oh...I doubt Olivia's gonna be loving the jizz that just went up her nose...not at all ;)
Pride of the Korean Peninsula :D
I think the person was noting that, if the P-38s were sentient entities, they would be extremely saddened to know the next plane to carry the "Lightning" moniker after themselves was the F-35. The P-38 is indeed an amazing piece of aviation technology :)
Norwegians know how to float in style, I've give them that ;)
I could be wrong but I think the back end come off as a booster and the guide surfaces are hidden underneath. Either that or they fold real flat...
Not just fuel pods...I've seen cannon pods with stabilizers to help with drag.
I bet this was fun for the pilot :D
Well, I doubt homeowner's insurance with cover this...and I doubt there was any compensation once the Soviet Union collapsed :(
Hmm...I wonder why Jaeger 2 didn't warrant a censor bar?
Lovely piece of machinery :D
Now THAT is a beard to command respect and awe!
Definitely some brass orbs on that stick jockey!
Like bumblebees hovering for nectar :D
Angry lil' kitty!
Definitely a sight you don't wanna see coming at you...
Sweet Jeebus... :O
Superb fake of Ms. Perry :D
Beautiful stuff :)
Ah, but your heavenly heinie is done there, Ashley...both are gorgeous, but that derriere is just a level above :)
Such a beautiful sight...and the knowledge this was done in 1942 just proves that we have the know-how to do almost anything, it's just getting it done with the tools available. But wow...large format photography is spectacular for stuff like this :D
Simply beautiful...thank you for making my Thursday oh so worthwhile!
I think Frank would approve of this...maybe ;)
I remember Mr. Wizard from reruns, but Bill Nye and Beakman were my science gurus growing up.
*as Timmy* TITTEHS! ;)
Oiled-up Asian hotties grinding on one another...giggity :)
Looks like quite a lot of fun ;)
Gorgeous!
One way to get up close and personal ;)
Glad it's a clip-on...not a fan of septum piercings :S
Nothing about Lauren's beauty is simple, IMO...but it is magnificent :D
Very sexy at sunset!
Interesting place to have artwork showing one's appreciating for firearms...but different strokes :) Still...gorgeous tease!
Great googly moogly... :D
Can someone who's gained the status of a Playboy Playmate be considered an amateur? I guess if she's not making her primary money from nude modeling...
She's certainly blessed with large tracts of land alright :D
She really does a body good...I feel invigorated just by looking at this Gfycat clip ;)
Simply epic... :O :D
Other than the hair being a few shades lighter than Jenna's? I can definitely see a resemblance :D
Still the water may be...but I know my heart isn't sitting still. Nor other parts of my body ;)
Mind if I join you, miss...my shower's not working and I figure water conservation is always an admirable goal ;)
Holy....shit! She's a goddess! :D
Sweet merciful Lord...who is this goddess?!
She reminds me of Christina Hendricks...but with sleeve tats. Which is a personal turn-off. Pity...she's gorgeous other than the inkwork IMO.
I know mud masks are great for the skin, but I think this is taking it too far... ;D
I'd share my bratwurst with her any time! :D
Well...we definitely know she's not going commando. But damn is that dress skin-tight now! :D :D :D
Which one is the more...buoyant...of the two, for those not in the know?
Saw this imagine in one of The Chive's Daily Morning Awesomeness photo collections...stunning sight then and stunning sight now :D
Well, at least she lubed up first :O
Hmm...I guess The Viper like Hannah Simone. The Viper has good taste ;)
Very nice!
I'd leave the tape on and just get to work on her input and output jacks ;)
Now that you mention it...Chloe does look like she could be Kim Cattrall's daughter or younger clone. Oh...an idea for a movie plot is percolating! ;)
Emma has some interesting choice in footwear...but a hearty "SCHWING!" for this :D
I follow the Jayne Cobb school of thought on such things ;)
Oh...Permission to Land is one of my favourite albums I own. And this song is definitely my favourite one from it :)
Tasty titian tressed temptress!
Oh...now that's a behind to worship! :D
Well...she cleans up real well, as her iZombie character really doesn't do anything for me. Which, of course, is part of the point as she's a zombie ;)
Gotta a few fetishes covered here...foot, Asian, schoolgirl, doggystyle...effective work on the writer's part ;)
She seems famished, I must day :D
She is tight!
I think we've discovered a new fetish :)
More powah!
Honestly? No. My humour was forced. I'll admit it.
So...my Spanish is tad miminal, but if I understand things right? The pilots let a celebrity into the cockpit while they were in the middle of key flight ops? Dumb, dumb, dumb :S
Well, I guess bumping into Kendra would be one motivation to arrive early at an airport ;)
Definitely something for dessert ;)
A wonderful sight for a wonderful day :)
Tommie Jo looks amazing here :)
Hmmm...I've been a fan of the jackhammer pounding, at least from a watcher's POV. Done right and done randomly enough? It adds to the experience, but watching it done just gives me motion sickness ;)
Her boobs didn't really have to go anywhere...and that's A-OK with me :)
If she's offering, I wouldn't say no... ;)
When that tape comes off...I'd volunteer to kiss the pain better :D
Very nice :)
How did she not get rope burn in certain places?!
If Charlotte and Kate Upton were to ever to be in the same room together? Their combined blonde bombshell powers would overwhelm the planet! ;D
Well, someone understands the rules of music videos very well :D
Ohh...I get to ask for the first time! Sauce?
An excellent piece of work, though yeah...the MQ resolution does hurt its quality rating a bit. Though it also could be helping with covering up the seams, so fuzz has use ;)
Amazing fakery work!
Is this or the JLaw one the re-fake? Because I've seen fakes for both using this photoshoot...and both ladies look spectacular :D
Lovely artwork and definitely good to see!
Quite the beefy suppressor on it :D
I have nearly zip experience or knowledge of archery...but besides the model being beautiful? This picture screams "poor bow form" :S
She reminds me of Morena Baccarin...which is awesome, of course :)
I'd lay money on not enough ;)
Hello Miss Harley Quinn!
I really need to see this movie!
Side bush? Side bush is always fun ;)
That's a healthy lady garden!
Firecrotch ahoy! And a healthy one too :D
Well, a lead actress getting naked on stage worked for The Graduate in 2003, so why not here? Amanda looks great :)
Well...I guess we got to see her Danger Zone ;)
Damn...she looks she's twice her age :(
Now this is a fine example of badonkadonk :D
The first two descriptors are very accurate for this posting :D
One of the finest firecrotches around :D
Fine motivation to stop global mayhem, I think :)
I guess someone's been naughty, but I think I'm seeing too much eagerness for punishment.... ;)
All that was needed to make the trinity of Sarah Connors complete was OG!Sarah Linda Hamilton. :( Still, gorgeous photoshoot of Lena and Emilia! I hope Lena gave Emilia lots of suggestions...during the intimate lessons I have made headcannon. With occasional visits by Summer Glau ;)
Simply stunning...I'm in awe :)
Ramona Flowers is a good Christian girl? Nice :)
Wow...18 is getting younger and younger every day! ;)
Oh...this gap makes me very happy indeed :D
OH....I could watch this for hours :D
I really need to watch this film.... :O
Really hope that's a unfortunately placed mole... ;D
My boner gets so confused by Chyna... *sigh*
What baseball caps? ;)
Vintage but timeless beauty!
Sublime work! Sexy but classy too :D
Impressive...most impressive!
I hope this lovely lady has done her cool-down exercises, otherwise she'll cramp up bad. Then again, I'd be happy to give her a massage :D
Now this is some gorgeous artwork! Inaccurate to the subject - and the artists acknowledges the film this picture was inspired by is more about T&amp;A infused horror than accurate Egyptology - but brilliant none the less :D
Well...I think we all know where this is going! ;)
Mindblowing! The sheer detail and life in this is astounding!
That's one big boom-stick she's holding ;)
Crap...she's getting railed!
I...can't..look away.... :D
Well...they're natural ;)
There had be some dinos involved when that quote is invoked!
Sex is supposed to be good exercise, so this? Gotta count ;)
The purpose is more than obvious :D
For once...I'm not feeling vitriolic about bathroom selfies ;)
So so so jealous of you right now!
Best way to celebrate liberty from oppression...freeing those lovely norks from their imprisonment :D
Yup...teasing just how flexible she is, the naughty minx! ;)
Always good to have both parties be active participants when filling a tight spot ;)
Not the best encouragement to AVOID messing with this hot hoops fan...cuz I'm more than willing to invoke that punishment :) GO RAPTORS! ;D
If only all meetings worked like this... :D
Now this is a great orientation week idea! ;)
Oh, most definitely!
Decisions, decisions...but what a choice! :D
You know it's a good festival when... ;)
That guys know his stuff...gets her hair out of her way AND massages her scalp to stimulate her further :)
Well, yeah...all of those "working my through college" explanations, some of them had to lead to a result like this: successful older woman who has a fun past she's kept from her co-workers and neighbours ;)
If one was smart, she wouldn't just be the "old college GF"...she'd be your current GF or spouse ;)
