i remember reading he shot 91% but that mightve jsut been rockets series
these are both some really smart coaches
goddamn lebron is pushing off like crazy rn
it was a travel though
its one fucking quarter of one game just shut up
as far as i can tell the warriors beat the cavs last game
this is an ugly way to end the game
horrible horrible game by curry jesus. the plus is that this was just about as bad as he couldve played
i fucking love fesus ezeli
Age isn't the same as maturity
As far as I'm concerned he is
Nah that's you man
Explains Dwight too
The playoffs bring out the worst in these fools
They're in the finals why the fuck would he leave
there's a shit load of words that have multiple and opposite meanings. for example bad. "that dude bad" mean he good or some shit while it can also mean its original definition which is not good
its not a misuse if everyone's doing it. its also been used like that for hundreds of years too. it aint new. the only thing thats new is people complaining about it tryna feel superior bout some menial shit
ive said why its not a mistake. its not a mistake because people use it and people understand what you mean what you say it. Its not a mistake if a significant part of the population does it
thats not true either. dont take anything you learned in english class when it comes to language as truth. at best its preferences. english majors are not linguists. they are perfectly acceptable in aave for example and maybe other dialects that im unaware of as well
or because its a huge task with no feasible way to make it work. the asoiaf world is huge and representing it in game form in a way that stays true to asoiafs strengths while also being a good game that appeals to the fans is an impossible task practically
Ive explained why you wrong. youre wrong because thats not how it works. its not a mistake because you think it is. its not a mistake because people use it that way. thats how language works. if a significant portion of the language speaking population uses something someway it is automatically acceptable even if it wasnt before. thats how languages change. they dont change due to some prescriptivist rules declaring what is right and wrong, they change based on usage
which of course, isnt feasible
the fuck kinda proof do you want. do you expect them to link to cp?
you said that people using literally to mean anything not literal was a mistake in your eyes. im sayin thats not the right assessment. thats all im arguing. ive stated why i believe that and why the linguistic community believes that. thats all im gonna say
just wanted to say i love your shit man. ive listened to your album at least 100 times no lie its one of my favorite releases of the past few years. got a great sound and vibe cant wait to hear more from you
Big dick too
mr steal yo pick
thj isnt that good
our medical staff seems to be pretty good
recommend any good rnb you got. i tend to prefer higher pitched male voices like jeremih and august alsina
calm the fuck down you bein a real dick all over fuckin cody zeller lmao. not even kemba or mkg but cody zeller
yeah because that shit is impossible. 15lbs of pure muscle in a month is not possible. 15lbs total sure, you could probably gain that in a day, weight fluctuates so much
if he worked harder, he could be 6 feet by now!
battle of the bigmen
klay sucks tho amirite
this fucking offense is beautiful
who needs curry when u have clark
that was nasty af
check out iguodalas package tonight
they aint even that good
its why he grabbed dirk dick
just like your teams success
and made his FTs!
new rabsho confirmed
yes
I mean, he hits 3s at a great rate, can dribble drive, can post up a bit and obviously is an amazing passer. not a high volume scorer but he can do quite a bit on that end
nice pass by holmes
speights just made a shot game over
clark is a mini curry
new year new speights
team option i believe
its pretty lax from what i know, and im sure thats intentional. there isnt much benefit in trying to crack down on PED use imo
all i can do is laugh at this point
okay let me just call the fashion world and let them know
definitely but yrn was more impactful i think
i dont think you understand how hard it is to write books of this nature
he should of gotten it last season too but some dipshits left him off their votes completely
because they havent needed to lol
ARE YOU FUCKIN KIDDIN ME WHAT IS THIS GAME
im fucking done with this game cmon warriors make a fucking shot
curry is probably pissed at the team rn
to be fair, keef has still released a lot of (excellent) music despite the disappointment
no i think its noah shebib and drake is gonna be on swish and vice versa
idk i think we were contender tier the year we got iguodala but coaching held us back, though that may be contradictory
i havent had the chance to watch the suns since their collapse, why exactly are they so bad? they have some decent players
this game is fucking wild
they have been surprisingly fun to watch
and they have their coach
Honest was great, do people here really hate it?
anybody who bets against gsw hasnt been paying attention
maybe because hes an elite defender?
fuck it, its not bad to like one of the best players in the nba. i still like lebron and shit despite the mini-rivarly. nothing wrong with liking players. unless its chris paul of course
i think its just a matchup and how the other team defends. our bench units offense is generally not the best since there isnt much spacing so if they can contain the drive they usually suck
and people wanna crown him goat over MJ smh. MJ was fucking dominant night in night out in every aspect
mosgov pullin a delly
youd think hed fucking learn that systems matter after winning in miami
ian clark is fucking money personified
love is absolutely garbage at D. i would be fucking livid if i had to play with him
the cavs just need time to gel
well because love's d has been absolutely atrocious and he hasnt hit shit all game either. do you expect there to be positive comments about him?
i mean, he did drop the shoulder thats pretty unnecessary and excessive
youre just mad because the grizzlies still dont know the 3pter exists
dudes a red piller dont be surprised that he believes in oversimplified stupid bullshit
lol
shit like this is why iggy is and always will be one of my favorite players
thank jerry west for that
had a back injury
typical warriors flair displaying their mod powers with authoritarian might.
those miami jerseys are so dope. miami has dope jerseys
Miami has all around nice jerseys, these ones particularly so is that better
it couldve been like hours before the game maybe
any meal before a game could technically be a pregame meal
but at least you'll be ready with stomach full, when it does
and bosh knows how to play defense
jfc lol
hes actually been good at fts this year i think
by giving the people what they want?
no
just wanted to thank you yungsnuggie for being calm and rationally explaining this. it can be rough explaining these things to sensitive white people, i know
what the fuck is on olynyks face
its so good to see that man again
that out of bounds play is a thing of beauty
i love barbosa
i thought pau didnt like dantoni because of all the jumpers but he takes a lot on the bulls
wasnt the bogut on tony allen thing also suggested by someone not even on the coaching staff?
piana is kinda like the dj khaled of bodybuilding
&gt; before you're old enough to ~~get into a bar~~ ~~buy a car~~ be an NBA star
I think steph could usurp any 3pt related nickname at this point
Idk it looks like it to me
bogut is fucking amazing with those lead passes
its the rising stars game dude who cares
you obviously dont watch many warriors games, or at least dont pay attention. saying draymond gets most of his assists from 4 on 3 PnR situations is just flat out wrong, yet that trope persists for some reason
Maybe he really took the criticism to heart
no man clearly he just doesnt practice enough! we all know nba players are lazy and never work on their game!
this makes it look like some sort of dance or ritual
They have a Lebron James, my friend. Hes good for at least one win alone. And they still have two other star players. I can easily see Cavs taking two games but not much more
It wasn't sarcastic, they really do have him.
you just mad cuz u got shit steez
the problem is its really fucking hard to build a team that is both elite defensively and offensively. its easy to say how to guard em or beat em in theory but actually getting the right personnel to execute that style of play is easier said than done
he probably cut weight to preserve his body. lots of players lose weight when they get older to be easier on the joints and what not
And my point is that while the cavs and blazers may be able to keep up offensively, they don't have the defenders necessary
something that usually comes with age, but he should definitely be further along by now
You can also say over exaggerated to emphasize how exaggerated it is
youre right i wasnt thinking about those things at the time of the comment but she definitely is pretty bad. I dont think as toxic or vitriolic as trump but still
GET A FUCKING REBOUND
i dont think we have a rebounding "problem" per se, just inconsistency and lineups
can reddit go one day without being racist? no. can reddit go one post without complaing how pointing out racism is the real racism? no. calling out racism is not a grab for karma on this shithole of a website
why dont you actually watch the games before being outraged then
because everyone knows pointing out racism is the real racism amirite
because you werent looking for them
And its up to the coaches to stop the players from reverting to those bad habits. Thats what separates the good from the great imo
not a very good defender either. loses his man offball and not the best fighting through screens. decent onball D tho
steph has really on just started complaining. and he doesnt really whine that much, just complains to the ref quickly and gets back on O/D
i respect your hatred but dont even try and pretend its objective dude. you tryna psychoanalyze LeBron based on less than a minute of basketball play
Youre ignoring the fact that its way easier to kill yourself with a gun than anything else. And that guns serve literally no purpose other than to kill things. Dont give me the "theyre just tools! people kill people!" bullshit either.
You cant just "negotiate a better functioning economy"
I honestly think Barnes would benefit from a higher usage. He doesn't really get that many touches, shooting or not. I feel if they integrated him into the offense a bit more he could get a better rhythm, but likely at the detriment to Curry and Klay's scoring
Because of the indirect consequences. I dont know about SK, but Japan doesnt even want nukes anyway so why force it on them? Japan knows better than most anyone the horrors of nuclear bombs. You seem to be operating under the philosophy/principle of "why not?" rather than "why?", which I dont really think holds water in this case, especially when you have such disregard for the implications of such actions
I think other commenters have clarified those points well enough, so Ill just summarize: basically it would raise tension in East Asia, and why do that for seemingly no benefit?
or do they become top assistants because they are on the staff of a good coach????
because theres more to evaluating talen/skill than box score stats
And Carl Landry
I dont think theres an easy or obvious answer to that, which is why I think its best we not give them nukes. Nuclear weapons are far too dangerous for uncertainty
dont forget us loyal poor people!
Probably because being apart of a discriminated and targeted class leads them to more radical ideologies.
Same goes for race
Curry doesnt complain as much as the others imo. Hes started to complain more, and im sure hell get there with time, but for a superstar hes actually pretty non-whiny.
id just say fuck it and celebrate with em, fuck the consequences
everybody makes excuses when they lose. Nobody wants to fault themselves for their failures lol
It gets exacerbated during the playoffs though
not sure i follow?
As will the quality of the PEDs
Dwight is clearly bigger and leaner than Kendrick perkins lol. In fact, Dwight is bigger and leaner than 95% of NBA players
RIP
And so will I my friend
to be fair i think all perkins is old man perkins. Celtics perkins looks a bit bigger yeah, but his delts definitely get trumped by dwights. And dwights long head of the bi's is clearly more developed too.
No its exactly true
Fitz can be a homer but overall theyre not that biased really
Ezeli doesnt really have that kinda personality
Depends on the injury obviously. There are more than a few injuries that can be played on while requiring surgery, without the risk of further injury.
Because it was a fluke. u really think the milwaukee bucks are comparable to the warriors? And i dont even mean disrespect to the bucks, theyre a nice young team
Why cant you just let him be both?
pretty liberal with the word punch there
thats why i said for the most part. There is no one root cause for homophobia, but I dont think most people read the bible/quran and take away from it that they should hate gays. Rather, they are uncomfortable with the idea of homosexuality and use the book to justify their feelings. Its a pretty common human phenomenon
enjoy your corn and lack of diversity
LeBron legit used to be one of my favorite players too, this whole situation has been really disappointing
Theyre putting ads on jerseys
I mean me neither, but nothing we say over the internet is gonna change anything
No just that he didnt necessarily get it from religion, it couldve been cultural, a personal experience etc...
You could be right, im just hesitant to blame religion because I feel like humans tend to come their views then find things to justify them rather than the other way around. Id be interested to read any sort of study or academic discussion on this, because im far from an expert
holy shit i got up for like 2 minutes and both teams scored
fencing
hes a philly fan, he needs *something* to be passionate about
not in 2013 tho
thats more his floor than his ceiling imo. Hes almost Al Jefferson now
I think humans are responsible for violence and will use whatever means they can to justify it. And by associating the act of violence with religion, youre also associating it with the millions of followers who arent violent and radical.
"Radical Islam" is overbroad. "Radical Islamisim" is more accurate, as most of the terrorist groups subscribe to some form of Islamism
To back up the Buddhist point, in Medieval japan there was an enitre class of Buddhist Warrior monks
&gt; Stop saying Islam is not a race, you know that people use the word racism to indicate bigotry nowadays. He says it pretty clearly right there. Racism basically means the same thing as bigotry now, quit moving the goalposts.
what, youve never been raided in your own home by steppe hordes? must live a nice privileged life
Who isnt lol
Ive seen this before but I dont quite get it, could you explain?
then theyre fucking babies man veggies n shit are delicious
You need RES and there should be a button by their name
hes a cool guy i guess but he sucked for us
Your just moving the goalpost of racism. You dont have to be a card carrying member of the KKK to be considered racist. Saying that you have black friends doesnt absolve you from racism. Im not trying to say you are racist, since I obviously know nothing about you, but typically if you have to defend yourself as being not racist, you probably are, unknowingly or otherwise
Jesus dude one great game doesnt change the fact that he plays limited minutes and is super foul prone. I love Bogut, but in the playoffs his role is significantly limited compared to the regular season. Not to say we wont miss him, but we can play just fine without him
I interpreted it as a place that has a lot of gun violence, but I dont actually know if thats true for Detroit. I know it is for Chicago though, obviously
get off the internet and go outside
emphasis on old. we have no idea if he still feels that way or uses that kind of language
Nothing
Nobody mocked them for being injured dumbass
Thompson is BAE
Well hopefully kerr will play speights over varejao next game
exactly, the nba wanted love out so the cavs could win!!11!
yeah in a perfect world maybe but NBA refs clearly dont officiate that way, playoffs or otherwise.
because haters will latch on to anything to hate
id be too, especially with varejaos shit ass getting playtime over him
its speculation though
yeah in theory but what defense does he really provide
