Ojala y el gobierno tenga un plan de atención y no se repita lo del Cartucho.
Beware Guiding Light for The Resistance.
In an isolated system, the entropy can only increase.
Trump better do it, Christie sold his soul to him.
Don't forget the frame, you always need to frame it.
All within a secret plot from the Templars to hide in America.
It all comes down to the Annunakis and aliens playing with our genome.
It makes me sad, though, that the majority if not all events were "here, take this free pokemon" and not "OK, I'm giving you this ferry ticket to this island where you can catch Hoopa" or "bring this to that cave and use it to open an entrance where you meet Diancee".
I apply cream on the purple screen beyond my eyes to try to make them less noticeable. EDIT: I also have a Tumble account subscribed to all those "sad quotes" accounts.
I do that once in a while, then my balls start hurting.
Come on!
And the Olympics, full summer of sports.
What does the M stand for? EDIT: Thanks!
The Wall just got 10 feet higher.
I think they just went on a more digestible route, mainly on the singles. It also comes to how was Alex during the time he wrote the lyrics, which made the album less WPSIA and more Humbug/SIAS mix. They had an awesome marketing scheme and Domino made sure to focus a lot of resources on them. So, yeah, no sell-outs.
Incest, concubines and protecting m'ladies honour. MLP fanfic checks out.
He needs more GBP and Mom will only give him some if he gets a job or a girlfriend.
Celui-ci.
*In this moment, I am euphoric. Not because of any phony god’s blessing. But because, I am enlightened by my intelligence.* ~~Aalewis.
Lampard Never Forget.
Family reunions must have been awkward that year.
No Lahm, no Klose, it won't be the same.
What happened to Weidenfeller? The guy was quite good during the super Dormund of Klopp and Lewandowski.
What kind of app is this?
Thanks, sounds really cool.
Be Prepaaaaaaared!
I'm 19 and it would be You're So Dark. I love the references and the whole scene/character it paints.
There's even one for "how to make your family comfortable with you being naked all the time".
Male whore.
"They call it football too, how hard can it be?"
But 100k for a company like EA is pocket money.
I'm refreshing over 3dm and Skydrow, no release so far. You can check this forum too: http://cs.rin.ru/forum/viewtopic.php?f=10&amp;t=65592&amp;sid=d1f5387a39b502c0183331ef2ed03306&amp;start=165.
What did Di Maria shirt say?
"From 1 to 505, how high is he?" Damn, wish I had thought about the pun.
Who are those girls?
That was close.
You can bring 3 players over 23, like the UK did with Giggs in 2012.
Come on, Cuadradito.
So it begins, come on, Colombia!!!
Man, hope it was last year Cops America for "la muralla Murillo".
Hopefully Conte will know how to make him comfortable if he calls him back.
r/nocontext
Wenger pls.
Next in Civ VI.
"Jackson, Falcao", someday they'll return to their old kickass selves.
I guess it raises war tension so those wimpy democracies can actually do something.
Worst of all is that calling women "females" is expanding, I see more and more on Reddit.
Best Fucking Goal I've Seen In A Long Time!
New Arctic Monkeys album, new QOTSA album, what is this, 2013?
Listen up, chumps. Akatsuki is best girl! Vote for the cute ninja, bracket C!
The match one is really clever and the plastic cards one was really funny for me at midnight. Gotta practice those, the straw one blew my mind.
Despite all the hate that Mercy gets, it is awesome live.
New Halloween.
That's why you shall support Illyasviel.
The fat cats put a red tape to keep the truth confined.
Planes are pretty cool.
I really thought that was in! Come on, France, I'm rooting for you to win this.
Code Geass Kaguya lost, oh. Holy shit, Nagisa beat Ushio by a lot! Have you not seen After Story, r/anime? What is wrong with you? Go Akatsuki, best girl!
Seriously, r/anime, have you not seen After Story?
Hmm, thought it was 2013.
Well, seems like Queen Elizabeth is losing her crown then.
Dog, alchemy, meeting a professor, kids going on a trip... I don't like where this is going.
That's why I just tend to ignore the comments when I know what I said can be controversial. I can't be bother to fight about it.
As a newcomer to CK2 once I got my hands on a computer that wouldn't explode after 100 years of incest and murder, I tried to start as it is dictated, by trying to conquer Ireland. As the count of Daesmunhaim my dream was to unify the island of Eire and from there conquer the world. I managed to conquer the first counties and form the petty kingdom of Mumu. From there the world should have been mine. I striked and conquered another two counties from which a new petty kingdom emerged. I was though the most wealthy and powerful suzerain of Ireland. As I planned to conquer the rest of Eire and become an all-mighty King, sorrow and pain took ahold of my territory: my character had died, leaving others to pursue his dreams. Obviously the succession laws played against me, giving each of my male children a land title and dividing the force of the previous ruler. On one character it was enough to conquer the world, divided in two it was barely enough to withstand attacks from the neighbors. So did the dream of the count of Daesmunhaim died, watching from heaven how his children divided the land while invaders from Britain took Eire piece by piece. TL;DR: Tried to become King or Ireland but succession laws cockblocked me. How do you manage to create a kingdom when you lose half your power after death.
Yeah, but why is the UK called roast beef?
Why isn't Kerzhakov playing?
"Someone Elsekov", holy God, my ribs!
Come on, I want a win tonight but a tie is awesome as well, anything to beat the 'muricans.
We could be superstaaaaars.
There's balance in the force once again.
Do they have dogs burying bones in the field or what?
Fabra, he's in one, he's in two.
This shows how much of a gap exist between the started and the subs. We'll be waiting for you, Brazil, we don't want you to be late for the Olympics.
Must be an upgraded version, wasn't Hope #1 connected to a bunch of cables? Hmm, maybe those cables worked as fuel hoses.
It's simply "I'm not attracted/don't want to date you".
God acts in mysterious ways.
Fury hype!
I would love to have Exogenesis Symphony: Redemption back, it's probably not going to happen.
RIP Shaltear.
It's coming home, boys!
1v1 me bro IRL I will wreck you. Just kidding, I've never tasted Peruvian food. I've seen a lot of Peruvian restaurants spawn around Bogota lately. I'll have to see what the fuzz is about.
The fact is that people see what others have and want that. I had short friends say that boys only like tall girls. I think it is impossible to say that men only like one kind of girl. For you to be worried is normal and logical but trust me, short girls envy you and you'll find more than one man who will like tall girls.
Cops REEEEEEEEEE
And Illya is a fucking awesome cool character, specially for VN players.
Nick was the one who got his ass slapped at the Brits, or was it Jamie? Sure, Alex is cool as fuck but I like Matt. He's the second leader, he's always off doing side work with Homme or even TLSP and we share names. He seems like a cool guy to both hang out at parties or just grab a beer.
I know I've heard the song, I just can't remember the source. Still Take You Home?
Then they get that oddly allergy to catholic symbols.
I don't actually know the other character so I'll probably pass on the vote.
Are you a dog?
What a shame, he seemed like a really good player after that final against Boca.
[Heaven's Feel spoiler](/s "If the ending is the good ending, Illya's popularity is going to skyrocket").
Shit, I forgot to check if Nagisa had lost. Well, that's what you get for [After Story spoiler](/s "beating your daughter").
Bolillo, your thing used to be defending. I'm disappointed.
There are like 4000mts of difference between that match and this one. Edit: And you actually have a real coach now.
Yo siempre creí en tí, Bolillo.
~~Fricking smurf! I guess you don't like U de Chile or...?~~ EDIT: Ooooh, he killed someone.
The Venetian wonder sounds really OP.
Plus Theodora used to be a dancer, that's how Justinian met her.
If we live our lives in fear, I'll wait a thousand years, just to see you smile again. I was on this huge crush when I found out about Muse and this one just stuck with me like a close feeling,^( nothing happened with the girl, though.)
Only 5 songs though, we need more.
/r/arcticmonkeys legendary shit taste, mate.
I can neither forgive them for Soldier's Poem.
Hope they choke on bread. /jk
Menos mal no compré early birds, esperaba The Last Shadow Puppets y CHVRCHES. EDIT: Es que también es el peor mes para montar un festival, la gran mayoría de las bandas grandes internacionales hacen su gira o a principios de año (Coldplay, Rolling Stones) o a finales (Muse el año pasado, Arctic Monkeys).
La Mega los lleva a cualquier colegio.
Fingers crossed for the second coming of Ainz-sama.
Klose, please come back.
Cardona, please, don't be stupid.
Guys, I'm surrounded by noise and annoying people. How are we doing?
Thanks. I have faith, as much as a goal could make everyone around me yell at such level it could destroy my ears.
Ospina! Ospina! You can do this!
\O/ Ospina!
I wouldn't want to be Seijas going into the dressroom.
Hmm, don't forget Monaka.
Ichigo's first bankai is my favorite, the one where he is in Las Niches desert. So simple yet so cool. I'm not a fan of the ones post-Mugetsu.
I have had some stupid slips when, on DSi, I want to press start or select and I end up pressing the power button.
"Linkle's crush". Hinata and Beardie are going to have to fight for m'lady's love.
Is that the festival of the $1.000.000 ticket?
It's all about Muller.
Hmm, maybe, I'll have to check it again. Dumbledore, sneaky bastard.
Thanks for the link!
I have a feeling he's already gay and has a crush on you. Or just stupid, maybe.
&gt; And Cardona is starting. My sides! Edwin Stormtrooper Cardona.
All according to keikaku. Now we come back.
Cardona... you need to RUN!
Time to get Stefan Medina in!
Yep.
The pull-ups of the players will work as the goalposts.
Imagine how weird would be to play with the wind moving the ball around.
Running Chilean, hope you don't get shocked.
I hope the stadium has a good sewer system.
Good question. PSG is overcrowded, Juventus would be ok if Cuadrado leaves. I want to see him going to City just to see what Guardiola could do with him. I don't want him to go to United, I feel like Mourinho would ignore him.
At least it's not the curse invested into Brazil after the World Cup.
Hmm, people is returning to their seats. Maybe it has wittered down.
\#DIGIMONDIDITFIRST
20000 enlightened people, *~ number of users* tipping fedoras.
Found Kubo.
Rin Vs. Holo is going to be a saltbath.
The 2nd part ranks as one my best childhood anime memories.
Clannad AS is the anime where I have been the closer to start crying. It made me feel so many things. I refuse to believe the last episode exists, though.
Kaneki against Jason (Tokyo Ghoul first season, not root A) and Ichigo against Ulquiorra. I was so pumped-up during those scenes.
I die to see [Heaven's Feel Spoiler](/s "Holy Grail Sakura Vs. Miracle dagger Tohsaka").
I started with regular Railgun, I believe. I'm planing on following the order you posted. EDIT: Nope, poorly tagged episodes.
I went into the watch order wiki, the series has 3 types of watch order. It was overwhelming. Best of lucks.
Rest in Pieces, UK.
No one expects the Spanish inquisition.
Starting a trading war with China isn't smart planning either.
Space Oddity.
It actually depends on how the one who did the comment link the image. It can either send to the direct image or to the Imgur slow AF website.
Glorious Idol Kruger-chan.
That scene with Beerus crossing his arm across Kid Trunks seemed funny to me, like Beerus is from the family, uncle Beerus. This arc looks exciting. ~ Insert Gohan irrelevancy rant here. ~
Man, I adore Higuain but what unlucky dude!
I don't know, Wien's law seems like the easier one for me to use for training.
Oh,I really liked the show. The chemistry between Adam, Tanner and Rutledge was getting better and I laughed my ass off that show. Top Gear, getting ruined one could try at a time.
2016, the year of deaths and resignations.
The corners, oh, the corners.
I bet it would be William Wallace.
So we will have a RTS like mechanic where you can only get troops from specialized districts. Interesting.
Magnezone looks to me like a Metang skin. I'm fine with it, if not a little repetitive.
It's a weird thing where Greninja and Ash, because of the special bond they share, synchronize their brain waves and Greninja gets a more powerful form that looks like Ash. On the other hand Ash receives damage when Greninja does.
"Ramzeez".
Although fan-service and plot armour can ruin an anime, I felt like it was different from, for example, Sword Art Online. Sure, after Aincrad and before S2 it was a mess of fan-service and plot armour but it was still enjoyable for the writing and the pacing were not as bad as with GC. I found myself rolling my eyes through each SAO episode but I was at least interested (more or less the same with DanMachi). With Guilty Crown, some things were so boring and the plot became a mess by the second part. IMO, GC got ruined by poor writing, fan-service and plot armour as secondary issues.
That save against Robben at the WC.
I believe he will be playing a friendly with Porto against Madrid as a way to get the praise he deserved.
Yeah, come on, he was crying during that interview. He clearly didn't want to leave but the press and the fans were giving him hell and he knew he was not at the level his beloved club deserved.
Dom and Chris have been replaced by drones. Matt's the handler confirmed.
Yeah, it's early this week :) Which mod is Tpang using for that strategic view? It looks better than mine.
Go Ryuko! Don't lose your way, r/anime. EDIT: So much for the FMA train.
It's like browsing r/UnexpectedJihad without headphones.
I thought we would have a new tie.
[THERE WAS NEVER AN USER]
I really liked this song but I had never noticed the apocalyptic tune the video has.
Does that mean our chancellor is dead?
Honestly, I'm scared of how huge the cast is: Lois Lane, Alfred, Commissioner Gordon, Mera. I want them to show up for a couple scenes, not much, and let the movie focus on the 6 heroes and the villain.
Yeah, like Arthur was actually a loser and Fiona was pregnant so she had to stay at home where sue was kidnapped (?) by Prince Charming.
But were you holding hands?
Those guys have balls so big they need an extra heart for them.
The 30's and 1918 were awful all around the world.
And fuck the invader.
Summon the NPC, he hits the sentinels hard.
DON'T GET GREEDY. Honestly, I should have learnt by now.
Those guys were so infuriating on my first run through the area. I tried to run pass them on following tries to defeat the Goat but I just decided to do it the real way, farming in Undead Parish to be able to hit them hard.
You made me remember the golems in Darkrooth Basin. One by one they're not hard. With a fucking hydra shooting at you, fuck it.
Certainly we'll get one during the Super Bowl.
I haven't played SotFS but did they really remove the cleric? No, that made the first enemy much more threatening. Shame. Does the placement of enemies is also different in vanilla with the patch that came with SotFS?
Scholar of the First Sin is the newer version of the game: it comprises the base game and the DLCs. You don't need to own any previous games for it to work.
Hopefully the naked girl with the giant knife will do better against her than she did against me.
Pain. /jk I only played the first 2 DLCs (Sunken King and Iron King) with a sorcerer. Honestly the enemies are quite resistant to sorceries. As with the main game, keep your distance. The items that give extra uses with spells are useful, I had a bunch of them to farm arrow spear. I believe you can have 2 copies of arrow spear in NG but I'm not sure. A melee weapon is quite useful, I had a longsword.
[Like a huge goblet of fire.]( https://youtu.be/wQUtR8n4AUM)
So we like Ed Sheeran now? I'll never get r/music.
Huh, I thought Norman Reedus was older. /jk
If you don't like a game there's no need to keep playing it.
Wait, wait, does that mean spiders are robbing others to pay the rent? Is there a spider police?
Sight. Time to play this game again.
Uncle Si's got talent.
Wow, I'm pleasantly surprised with 3 and 4. I see many people complaining about these. What do you think about losing max health when dying? I've heard people say that it makes the game unnecessarily harder. I think it gives a real meaning to losing humanity, when in DS1 dying for a PvE character was kinda meh.
In one of the cells right before the fog gate. No worries. \\\|T|/
Honestly, Blighttown's difficulty are the snipers. They get you poisoned quickly. The area, not much. I found it pretty straightforward: down, down, down, bonfire, down, down, down, hole, down, down, down and the swamp. That's when it gets hard because the bonfire isn't obvious whereas the boss room collides with swamp.
But where do I keep the pee bottles?
Not that anyone cares but that's Colombia national ice cream brand. Always nice to see memes from my country.
