Manteca, bigotes, gigante, pequeño, la cabeza es nieve, cerveza es bueno.
Thats not fair, almost everyone says "us" when referring to their team.
IS THAT A WATER JOKE OR A HYGIENE JOKE? BECAUSE EITHER WAY FUCK YOU BRO
JOKES ON YOU. I'M SO USED TO SEEING THE DODGERS LOSE TO THE CARDS IT DOESN'T MAKE ME SAD ANYMORE .
NO YOU HAD IT RIGHT THE FIRST TIME
I don't think winning one for Cleveland would really mean that much to people outside of Cleveland. I mean the reason why it's seen as special to a national audience is because the city has had such a long drought, but if they won, the legend of the curse would dissappear and people would go to treating Cleveland like any other sports city. I'm sure he would instantly be hailed as the greatest Cleveland athlete ever, but in regards to pretty much anyone else it would just be another championship a year or so after it happens.
Yeah I agree. Callapso is straight garbage and should be DFAed as soon as possible. I don't even see the sense in giving him At-bats when we have Guerrero who can play 3rd and has been a fantastic hitter so far this season. I feel so bad for our pitchers when they go and see that this is the kind of lineup that is supposed to help them.
This is all Mattingly. For some reason the FO blindly trusts him.
Thats true but he continues to play them over better players though. No roster is gonna be perfect, it's how mangers utilize the best players they are given that determines how successful they are. Unfortunately, Mattingly is pretty bad at that.
Well his worst games against you guys came in the playoffs on national TV when everyone was watching. And that's probably the only time many people have seen Kershaw pitch against the Cards, so they base their opinions around that.
His sample size in the postseason is small enough where it's fair to assume there are some anomalies. I feel given more opportunities in the playoffs his overall stats will start to even out and go more towards his normal numbers.
I just looked and he actually had 2 really bad games in the playoffs against you guys, I completely forgot he gave 8 runs in the first game of the NLDS last year. So I stand corrected haha
He said he hated how he demanded to be paid like a top end WR when he didn't show up in big games, not that he got 16 TDs in the regular season. You can hate a player who produces good.
That's fair, I'm not saying Brees is the undisputed best playoff QB. I just feel he gets a bad rap in the playoffs usually because of how unsuccessful we've been outside of 2009, when it's really our defense that's let us down.
definitely agree Romo is a much better QB now, and he's playing at an elite level that he certainly wasn't at before. If we didn't have Brees I would love to have Romo.
Well he's an Angels fan so I'm sure he'll miss Rodney's blown saves haha
The Bashtros have arrived
All you need to know is: 1.Fuck the Giants and 2. Fuck the Cardinals
Ok......http://i.imgur.com/wF5GwnA.gifv
Well the Bullpen has been a lot worse recently, so our BP ERA is gonna keep climbing if the trend continues.
&gt;Trout is gonna look good in a Yankee uniform in 15 years. FTFY
Yeah that's true haha
Because one Dodger fans rankings represent all of us haha
Brees was never on the block, those reports had no real evidence except that "Graham got traded so maybe Brees could too". We have no one who could play at even 1/10 the level of Brees so it wouldn't make any sense to trade him. People just wanted clicks so they made articles about it.
I find it so funny and enjoyable that I can't even be mad about it
I agree. If they would have won the NCG I think many people would have considered them a top 5 all-time team. Their schedule was absolutely ridiculous and they crushed every team they played except Bama.
I hope Joc is part of it too
I think Vogelsong will get kicked out of the rotation over Heston. The kid has been awesome this season while Vogelsong has been medicore
I respond to a comment. Again.
You succeed at karma whoring. Again.
Damn I really love that show, I should go watch it. Again.
So I graduated yesterday, and I just looked at my yearbook with all the signatures in it this morning. This girl I used to be super close to and who I was bascially in love with during my sophomore year, wrote that she had a big crush on ME sophomore year. I don't really know how I feel about that haha
Stanton won't even be a FA by 2020. I don't know how they figure on getting him.
I hope you are being sarcastic haha
Cashner or Ross for the last pitching spot maybe?
Saints legend Kevin Williams
Yeah the D-Back have actually won a world series this century, unlike some teams.........
Yeah that wasn't Donnie's fault at all, he did all the right things IMO
That sounds completely fair Lol
http://www.reactiongifs.com/r/f.gif
The Jocpocalapse is upon us
SD just had a blackout
Yeah I'd rather have Harper or Frasier if I got to pick.
This is fucking hilarious and awesome at the same time
Yeah but Cano has been one of the best players in the game for a long time. I wouldn't veto the trade since it's a little understandable given the way the two are playing, but I think Cano's ceiling and floor are way better than Panik's.
The trade is ok, but I'm just saying it's a little early to say Cano is done. When he is on a hot streak he is 10x better than Panik. I think Panik's avg. will be good for the rest of the year but his power looks a little flukey.
True, but this is a huge step in the right direction. I am very happy that this was the decision that the court came to.
I hear George's answering machine song everytime I see that gif. https://youtu.be/yg-TqEFYcfM
So your saying he's better than Jordan?
This pretty much sums up what most people think hacking is
Obviously a SS has a harder job, but to go 393 straight games without an error, no matter the position, is impressive as hell. I mean it's an MLB record so it seems like it's not an easy thing to do.
I'd put Wun Wun as the center
We needed to give him that contract because he was bascially our entire pass rush. I don't think people really though he would do something stupid like this.
I wasn't sure how those worked out but that sucks, I feel like going to jail for a serious crime should void contracts.
We have lost every series we've had with teams above .500 and on top of that, we are like 2-14 against the Giants and Cardinals this season. It's hard to have faith when I see those numbers.
How would tanking bring a winning mentality into the clubhouse? We should try to do as good as we can this year and just replace Don in the offseason.
Damn that was savage
How is 7 games above .500 "within the .500 range"? I agree we should be better but we are not a .500 team by any definition besides your own.
I think Joe Buck is awful but I upvoted you regardless for being brave haha
Agreed, I respect him as a baseball player but I really dislike Curt Schilling off the field.
Why don't you think Kershaw can keep up his dominance? All his numbers this year besides ERA and BABIP show that's he's having a year just like his last 3 if not better. I don't see any reason why he can't keep up being super elite. Also he's only 27, so theoretically he should be entering his prime.
Nah you guys are stuck facing them for the next 10+ years :)
If he's healthy he will be a massive upgrade to their passing game. I don't think he will put up the numbers he did in NOLA but I can see a 1000 yrd/ 15 TD season for him.
He good.
I didn't realize they did that for Grenkie, I just saw the one for Kershaw.
LA is the Boulevard of broken arms
We are barely past the halfway point of the season. Grenkie could blow up in the second half and make this comparison a joke.
As a LSU fan I am beyond hyped for Simmons.
The Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim
Defiently the Timberwolves. Watching that team grow up would be really fun.
Dark Horse: AD and Demarcus Cousins. Both play each other really hard, Cousins seems to have the upper hand when they play but it's entertaining as hell.
No that's Danny Etling. Harris was a freshman on our team last year.
What about AD's fumbles? Are you going to blame those on illegal hits too?
I wish the Panthers had some sort of scandal that we could joke about, you guys are too nice.....
Kind of figured, this NFCG will always be controversial. I never mention it whenever I talk about my memories of the 2009 season because it always brings out fiery and angry responses.
Wow I completely forgot about him. Although I don't think it's fair to criticize the Panthers for that because there's no way you guys knew he would have someone murdered, while Bountygate and the Falcons fake noise were both known and covered up by the franchises.
Nah that was the Ravens I think. But we were certainly up there.
The White Sox summary is my favorite. For some reason I laughed really hard when I saw it.
You can't blame Orbit, he was just thinking about the 2017 Astros.
There's no way this is Hinkie, I didn't see anything about 2nd round picks in this post.
No, because that team would have literally no depth. Plus, Kobe has been a little injury prone lately so it would likely be just LA and DC for parts of the season.
That O-line is legitimately shitty at pass protection, and no QB could change that. Manning would do better that most pocket QBs but even he would take brutal hits every now and then.
What a shock Lol
Talk about distractions. That would be the death of any player who loves to party.
I forgot he actually played with you guys, my bad
He actually predicted he would throw one too IIRC
This is why some people want Robot Umps
Yeah, especially his 38 point 7 assist game. That was absolutely crazy.
Yeah they are primarily PFs, Asik is the Pelicans center so I don't know what he's talking about.
Every once in a while a rookie will legitimately be good his rookie year like KD.
Wright hasn't been the same player even when he played, he's likely done being elite. I can see the Votto argument though, he's a really good player.
Harvey honestly, but I love Degrom
Yeah that was a really tough decision for me. I love Mauer but he's definitely nowhere near the levels he used to be at and he's not a catcher anymore which played into his fame. Now he's just a light hitting 1st baseman who's not even top 15 at his position. While Dozier is starting to gain traction as a star.
Curry had serious injury concerns just a couple years ago. The Warriors would be kicking themselves if they traded him on the premise that "he won't be healthy ever since he has an injury history." Jrue could never miss another game in his career for all we know.
He fell that far because he had to sit out at least a year and there was concern that he wouldn't have same explosiveness that he had in college due to his ACL tear. Another reason we werent going to take him was that his playing style was seen as similar to AD's, so it made little sense to get him when we desperately needed a good PG to run our offense. Noel was never gonna be a Pelican.
Thanks you too, I want to keep seeing Ole Miss get good recruits and stay relevant because they are the only team that has figured out a way to beat Bama Lol
No problem, it is new years eve Lol
Has Peat really showed that much? I know the other 3 have (also I think Breaux counts as a rookie too)
I think injuries and not having the right personnel to run Gentry's new system is what led to Davis having mediocre games in the beginning of this season. He's been a lot better lately now that he has most of his teammates healthy again, and I don't think that's a coincidence. I love Green as a player but he's not really a focal point type guy (not trying to insult him, his game just works better by playing off of others) so I personally would take Davis over him. Davis can deal with being the single focus of a defensive game plan and still put up elite numbers (although his efficiency takes a decent hit without other decent players to help him a little) whereas I think Green benefits from having Curry and Thompson get a lot of attention from defenses. Not to mention the Warriors have been extremely lucky health wise these past couple seasons while the Pelicans have had awful injury luck so that does play a part in their stats. Green is definitely a top 20 or top 15 player but Davis is top 10 or top 5.
Brees AND Farve both had noticeably better statistical seasons than him in 2009 and both had playoff teams. The Saints went 13-3 while the Colts were 14-2, so its not like the Colts had a much better record either. Payton didn't deserve the MVP that season
This is too true, I hate the weather so much
I agree 100%
Brees is the only reason we don't go 1-15 or 0-16 now a days
Yeah our games are always super close
Yeah that's why many records are so impressive, it takes a super elite player AND perfect health for himself and other key players in order to break them
Without Andy I don't think they are as good as this stat shows they are
I think his division is gonna be used against him in any COTY discussion but no one can deny he's been super impressive this year
Yeah that's the worst
Damn that does sound a little strange, hopefully its nothing
That is a great insult
He didn't get a chance to play in one last season because he lost a postseason game though
Wins shouldn't determine how good a player is, otherwise you have to call AD bad because of how bad his team is doing
That 2008 team could have put up a 2007 like year if Brady was healthy, they don't get many years like that one
To be fair we fumbled on the goal line and had some turnovers of our own, it goes both ways
If the seahawk game is somewhat close you keep playing hard, if it's a blowout you rest your starters. Its better to know for sure than keep playing full out for the whole game when you could be playing for nothing.
The only reason you guys didn't know the score of the other game is because Rivera disallowed it, he was willfully choosing not to know to other score. That's fine but fans should recognize that and not pretend that there is no way he could have known that his team was playing for nothing. He could have told someone to "only tell me the score of the other game if it becomes a huge blowout" and it would have helped him immensely here.
Lol what? Pick-sixes, fumble recoveries for TDs, and safeties should not count against a defense that was not on the field in any shape or form. For your scenario, the better analogy would be if the Jets defense scored many defensive TDs and the points from that made the Jets have the highest PPG, which was then used to claim that the Jets had the #1 overall offense. Which would be stupid again because they didn't even score a decent chunk of those points, just like the Broncos defense didn't give up a decent chunk of the amount of points counted against them in the stat. What an Offense does should play no part in a defensive stat for a team and vice versa
Its actually Greg Olsen
Lol all I was just saying that Olsen is your #1, not Ginn. I don't care about Wilson
To be fair when he's on he's the best player in the country. In the last 5 minutes he's showed why he's been getting so much hype
He wasn't the MVP (that was Quaterman) but we don't win this game without him. He was huge on the defensive end and was super efficient. He got a double-double with a perfect 100% FG percentage
I don't think LSU is mediocre anymore, they have Victor and Hornsby back which is huge for the team. This team is much different than the one our record says we are
We still have pretty competitive teams, we swept the Falcons and almost beat the Panthers twice this year.
Brees is gonna be our QB in 2017 and I have faith in him helping develop another guy to somewhat replace Brees. Drew was not a HOF QB when he came to the Saints, he was just a decent one. Payton helped him a ton and Brees did the rest. If we can get a QB prospect with some good talent I believe in Payton. Also, a lot of our cap freedom in 2017 is coming from overpaid guys contract's expiring. Byrd, Browner, Colston, Strief will all be gone along will all our dead money commitments. And Brees is gonna restructure his deal to alleviate cap space. You don't really know what your talking about when it comes to the Saints
Whatever team who didn't is probably feeling pretty blue about it
Its easier to fix one side of the ball than both sides. We have a clear focus of improvement and we had a lot of rookies starting on defense this past season
Lol look at all our FA signings and draft choices, we have tried really hard and unfortunately for us a lot of them have failed.
Schiano had more talent to work with and his was just an asshole. Lovie is loved by pretty much everyone
FOs don't always make the right decisions, so I wouldn't say you not being a GM makes your opinion wrong
Does that make Jim black too?
Bucs were last in the division, we were 3rd and one game behind the Falcons
That was the first year Brees was with Payton and that wasn't even close to being our best squad (we only sent 10-6). I mean Brees was good but he wasn't quite the QB he would later become. And Hasselbeck was not an elite QB by any means, his 2006 stats were average at best. He threw only 18 TDs and had 15 Ints, along with a 56% completion percentage. That gave him a 76 passer rating, which isn't anything special. To compare those guys at that time, especially Hasselbeck, to a prime Payton Manning is a little blasphemous.
Nah, I think Fredirick was better than Kalil. Kalil is benefitting from being on a 15-1 team that got a lot more attention than the Cowboys this year. If both teams had equal records I bet that Frederick would have been first team. Kalil should have been 2nd team instead
I mean he had the 2nd most Ints for safeties and was named defensive player of the month in October so I mean I wouldn't say him being All-Pro is THAT egregious. Probably wasn't the best candidate but its not completely undeserved.
I think Ramsey is one of those few black and white characters though, he's straight up evil and pyschopathic
Haha I know, I was playing around since you called him mole face
Yes....900 million baby!
They aren't trying to be nice, they want to win the game
Cincy is gonna get real ugly now
Eifert makes up for his drop
What? He's had a pretty shitty game today
Its almost like the coaches know more than the fans Lol
Yeah I'm sure they would
He got drafted where he should have been drafted, he's ok but he's not gonna be elite or anything
My bad, I thought he had better arm strength than he actually did. For some reason I thought he had a cannon for an arm
So you would take Tebow over another QB who puts up better stats because Tebow "wins"? I'm sorry but that's silly. Brees had plenty of games that he lost despite putting up what you would call "meaningless stats", and I would take him over almost any other QB in a heartbeat because he can only affect one aspect of the team.
I think if he takes a FO spot in Boston it meant he was a sleeper agent for the Celtics when he was with the Nets Lol
I mean they had pretty similar years this season, I could see an argument for either Edit: and Brees had a noticably better passer rating
I mean he has arguably the greatest QB of all time, I think the Pats are a one of a kind situation. When you have that kind of skill/consistently at QB you can do a lot with a roster and not suffer that much for it. If Chip had Brady I doubt he would have gotten fired since the Eagles would have been WAY better on offense
Nah, Dalton is an awesome QB
A great QB who is a game changer, look at his stats before he went down. He was playing like one of the best QBs in the NFL
Its fitting that "Falcons" and "Browner" are the same size and next to each other on the Saints chart since those 2 are the two biggest enemies of the New Orleans
I started laughing when I saw that on TV, it was so ridiculously disrespectful
If Clooney had Brady's success in football I guarantee he would be hated a ton too
I actually have friends who told me they didn't start hating him until they saw that video because they said it exmplifed how charmed and lucky his life has been. They said "If you legit cry about being drafted in the 6th round of the NFL draft, you must not have endured many hardships in life." And I can see where they are coming from if I'm being honest Lol And I think every reasonable person knows Brady is good, they just feel he doesn't need to complain so much since they hold him to an unrealistic standard
And Marshall Faulk....what a team
If you judge all franchises by a handful of drunk fans then no franchise is gonna have a good reputation
They love to hate them
They have killer tailgates too
Cobb
But you aren't a Dodgers fan?
And the Jays don't need Upton or Davis, they were just doing extreme hypotheticals
Wait who's our African player?
Maybe he actually thinks that Cam had a better year and his opinion has nothing to do with playoff game
Yeah totally, 13' feels like actual recruiting while 14' feels silly
Odell is better than Hopkins but that is only my opinion
The whole team is playing super awful outside of a few guys. I think AD sees no matter what he does this team isn't gonna go anywhere. Next year we just have to pray we don't get fucked by injuries again and hope that our first round pick and whatever FAs we get contribute.
Yeah I know, I just really hate Asik and wish we could get rid of him
Dell didn't want to cut his losses on him, he felt since he traded a first round pick for Asik we needed to resign him
A very vocal minority just hate the cowboys blindly and will chastise them for any move. I thought the DMC deal was smart because I saw how good he was when he was healthy in Oakland. I thought Demarco was a superior running back, so I did think they downgraded, but I thought McFadden was a good lottery ticket signing. Anyone who actually saw him play before this year should have liked the move for Dallas.
Puig
Its sort of true though, racism is hard for a lot of white people to discuss because their race has such a bad history with other races. This means that many either try to show their "white guilt" by acting overally friendly to minorities and use specific compliments (which is subtle racism) or be hateful and treat them as subhuman because that's how history/family has told them to act. It can be a fine line at times. I'm half Native American who looks mostly white, so I've personally seen a lot of examples of both. Even my mom (she's white) sometimes does the whole being a little racist when not trying to sound like it thing. If I didn't see first hand the subtle things people say about minorities so much I probably wouldn't even notice.
True but other races didn't colonize globally nearly as much as whites and didnt have as widespread of a negative impact on so many different races. You would be hard pressed to find a race that didn't have extremely severe issues with white people historically. In America (can't really speak on Europe right now) the majority of history is taught with a white pereon focus on things so the atrocities that happened only between minority ethnic/racial groups and other minority ethnic/racial groups arent covered nearly enough for a large amount of other people here to know extensively about them. Therefore a lot of people (white and otherwise) who are born and raised here usually only see history on the white people's past atrocities and those are what people focus on. This means that white people here have lots of pressure on them to not act or be racist since there is a well known past history of them doing so, fair or not.
Of course Whiteside would get a triple double with blocks being one of catogories
But then St. Louis will be upset when the Banner starts to act closer to Los Angeles
He's one guy and you guys shut down our team hard last year. I am really sad now because it feels inevitable that Bama is gonna repeat
I mean it said we didn't even offer him and he was plan B. I don't see how he spurned LSU when it was clear he wasn't our highest priority
Harris would start over him and we are almost surely gonna get a 4* QB prospect for 2016, so I think its safe to say he's probably gonna get a way better shot to be a starter at Temple
But it literally says in the article that LSU never gave him an offer and that he was our plan B guy. If you read the this you would have seen that LSU had some interest in him but we weren't recruiting him heavily
Or Felipe Franks choosing to go with Florida, I was hoping he wouldn't change his mind
Uncle went to LSU when I was a kid so I became a LSU football fan (plus I visited down there a couple times and saw a game). And I am attending RIT right now so that's why I have my second flair
No, they didn't make an offer to Russo
He was probably checking in on his status. There is no report of him actually making an offer to him and no way would he ever commit to us without an offer in hand so this is expected
Yeah definitely wasn't pretty
&gt;Have fun getting annihilated by New England. That's the part he was saying was salty
Arietta, Strasburg, Carrasco, Jones Pujols is too old and has too many possible injury concerns be a good keeper IMO, he still hits a ton of HR but I think he's gonna have a power outage sometime over the next couple seasons and I wouldn't want to have him on the roster when it happens. Carrasco or Polanco should be taken over him but that's only my opinion
I remember watching this live and looking at everyone around me saying "Are you fucking serious?"
This sounds more like blind homer hope than an unpopular opinion
It basically happens to everyone not named the Patriots. So many coaches are too worried about running up the score, and the backlash they think will come from it, that they forget that we are in the most pass-friendly time in NFL history where its much easier for teams to score tons of points in a short amount of time.
I mean Brady is gonna slow down sometime. One of these days he's just gonna hit a cliff and fall from an elite level, and the older he gets the more likely that becomes
It seems like they do, media today influences sports more than any other era because how fast and widespread coverage of stuff is. Journalists today hear about every little thing and often try to make stories out of nothing, which means its easier to just play things safe instead of being a distraction for the team.
Then why do so many teams play so conservative and not run up the score? I can't even count how many times teams I've seen teams lose or give up huge leads because they played prevent and ran the ball every play. I don't see any logical reason to do that unless you are scared of media backlash because I would think these coaches would figure out that giving your opponent an opportunity to come back is just bad play calling.
We had an 13-3 team in 2011 and won a playoff game in 2013, its not like we have sucked since our SB win
Urias?
This is really unorthodox and probably will never ever be considered but I actually really like it. Good job for coming up with a interesting and unique idea
Iwakuma finished 3rd in Cy Young voting one year and has been one of the best AL starters since he came over, if we get anything like that for what we payed I will be ecstatic
Still has great potential
He had one start where he gave up 3 runs in like 7 innings, but our offense only scored 1 so it wasn't his fault that we lost
This song always makes me laugh, the dramatic beat combined with what he's rapping about kills me everytime
Lil Boosie
