The name is Kaufmann, quote is Eurostyle. Both bad choices.
If he's related to El Chapo Guzmán, do NOT doubt him. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joaqu%C3%ADn_Guzm%C3%A1n_Loera
This is such bullshit. You're acting like "black culture" is some far away culture that other Americans don't understand. African Americans are Americans. It isn't part of black culture to not get married when having a baby out of wedlock, it's what happens when you get knocked up with a guy who isn't done fucking around yet. My neighbor was a single black mom and yes, the kid's dad did come around occasionally for 1 night. And after he would leave I would see condom wrappers in the shared trashcan. He didn't come for the kid, he came to fuck her again. (And least he finally realized he should be using condoms.)
She looks so happy. I want to be that happy.
Anybody know how this happened? The entire bottom of my feet are calluses (no idea why) and I want to remove all the skin.
Eurostyle was easy. Kaufmann I needed some help with.
It is when used correctly. But it's been waaaay overused. Same with Papyrus, which is a nice font, but every single nature show and spa seems to think they need to use it.
~~You're~~Your stupid until proven otherwise.
thx
LEEROY JENKINS!!!!
OP said you'd be immortal, he didn't say anything about STDs. Having a massive case of herpes for eternity would suck.
Burn him.
It's interesting actually. Scammers purposely make their emails look fake so that smart/normal people will disregard them. They only want the stupid people to respond. http://news.nationalpost.com/news/email-scams-are-stupid-for-a-reason-scammers-only-want-stupid-people-to-respond-to-them
Arabic please
Great thanks! Just one more, hieroglyphics. (My dad is Egyptian and married a mummy he found.)
Well that was unexpected. Well done!
Yep, the mom killed her son. Poor guy just needed some help and support.
What the fuck is wrong with people? They were doing well and were very successful before. Now they're going to ruin their business because they're greedy fucktards.
How did you first get involved with Simon Rex?
Never go full retard.
I can't believe you've done this.
Op is the best reversed Gaf i've ever saw.
Any idea where it's from?
How do you like them apples?
Eau de Elon
I like how he gently strokes it with his fingers.
Are you single-handedly responsible for the Earth's deforestation?
Part of me suspects they just bought a new dog and drugged it so it looked partially quadriplegic, then kept lowering the dose so "Sammi" appeared to be getting better. The internet has ruined me.
Are you sure this isn't a gay dating site?
Shit like this makes me glad I switched to OS X. As someone who likes to keep his UI clean and tidy, this would really irritate me. I never thought Microsoft would do something as annoying as this.
No
What if Neil and Buzz had butt sex on the moon?
Worked for me. Time to sleep.
Round two.
OP's mom's vagina is a huge target. It's an honest mistake.
I used to say to my ex-girlfriend "If you weren't pretty I wouldn't be with you cause your personality sucks."
You have to hide in the bushes outside her house and then sometimes quickly rise up and peek in her window. It gets the point across you're serious and aren't playing games.
Many times you want to frame the photo around the girl's faces. When you have 4 average height girls and 1 girl who is a foot above the others, that girl is gonna have to squat.
I actually love it when a girl has a very small round bead piercing in her nose.
Why does God want Benny Hinn to knock people over? I really don't get this.
It depends where he was staying, actually. If he was somewhere with a lot of hooker bars, he was getting so much attention 1) as you said, money and 2) because he is most likely younger and the girls are used to ugly old foreign guys. Many of the bar girls have darker skin because they hang out with foreigners so much and foreigners tend to like the sun more than Thai people. If he was staying in a smaller city or even a bigger city that doesn't get as much tourism (e.g. Nakhon Ratchasima) then his white skin is definitely the reason girls are so attracted to him. Almost every TV/movie superstar in Thailand is half Thai. If you have darker skin you will (usually) think that makes you ugly. The people with darker skin on the Thai TV shows commonly play the stupid/silly characters. Anyway, you're completely underestimating how important skin color is here.
That was pretty damn good.
Death by brojob
Jesus. H. Christ *Marketing Director, Heaven*
His argument is boiling a dog alive will create a shit and piss soup. You're showing pictures of skinning a dog alive for fur. This is completely different.
...and then stuffed inside sausage casings and eaten by the upper class.
Unfortunately that's probably true.
"I've made an awesome mistake..."
The print/cursive mix should be the standard. It's so much faster to write like that than either print or cursive alone.
He's leaning towards the camera.
I wish your cat was drunk before the raccoon ate her.
TIL i am a bird
...a little bit of Leslie's all I need.
I don't know what they're saying but i'm still laughing.
&gt; Isn't it a bit sexist to assume that she "allowed" us to objectify her? You're right. Maybe ESPN hogtied, drugged, then stripped off her clothes and took photos.
So the Christian motto is basically, "It's easier to say you're sorry than to ask for permission"?
I only watched it a few times and I knew that.
They don't think it be like it is, but it do...
Here in Thailand it's completely different. It kind of caught me off guard. I had only been here for a few months and me and my girlfriend at the time were on a city bus in Bangkok. She started talking to a little girl who was in the seat next to us, probably 4 years old, and then just picked her up and put her on her lap. She hadn't even said anything to the girl's mom. I immediately looked at the mom because I expected her to say something or act a certain way, but nothing. A guy friend of mine is about 30 years old and he absolutely loves babies and children, probably because he's working away from his home town and doesn't get to see his children often (which is really common for Thai people to do). He'll go up to a baby or little kid and start talking to them and then start rubbing their head or hold their hands. In America the mom and dad would have taken the kid away in both of those situations. All those things should be perfectly fine to do, but in America it's like you're automatically assumed to be a pedophile just for being friendly with babies and children.
AT&amp;T. I bought 1 month of phone and 3G service for $60 at one of their local offices (I don't live in the US). They accidentally charged my card twice... $120. I called them up and after looking up the billing history the guy was like, "Oh, yep, I see now. We accidentally charged you twice." So I was like, "Ok, great, so you'll refund me $60?" This mother fucker immediately said, "Sorry, we have a no refund policy." WTF?! You just admitted your mistake and then say you won't fix it? It took over an hour and a half on the phone, even having to talk to a supervisor, before they agreed to refund me for the extra charge. Assholes.
Man I haven't been that excited in a long time. I need to get out fishing more.
What if you yell racial slurs at the takeout box?
We must remove the brain...
No more dinners at Tony's house.
Thai sweet and sour soup would be pretty bad with cheese.
Maybe it's the bare minimum, but I wish we had more nice people on this planet.
They basically do.
But she had a flashlight
That's the Rafucku
Are you fishing with lures or bait?
That explains everything.
Yep, most likely something like that.
It seemed like The Majestic was unfairly judged. Everybody was saying how it was Jim Carrey's attempt at getting an Oscar, so they scrutinized it way more than they should have. It was a good movie.
One of the funnieth movieth EVER.
I've read this a lot, but just how dangerous is it really? I live in Thailand and everybody here gives dogs food with both onions and garlic every single day (usually the dog's food is whatever the humans didn't eat during their last meal) and the dogs seem to be very healthy, with street dogs being an exception. As long as they don't get hit by a car or get something like heartworm from the mosquitoes, they live a long, normal life. They're usually all very active and playful (or run after you and try to bite you) but if there are any health issues caused from onions and garlic I've never seen it. EDIT: Ok, see /u/GLaMSDOS 's post below. Sounds like people are blowing this out of proportion. A little bit of onion and garlic in the food won't be toxic.
You're a good man. And so am I. So I call seconds.
Something in the three quarter-pounders, the french fries, and supersized *diet* Coke.
THE BIG YELLOW ONE'S THE SUN
Actually, for maximum gains she should probably have injections in multiple locations at the same time...
If you're looking for Part 2, [click here](http://studygroupcomics.com/main/the-epic-of-gilgamesh-part-2-by-kinoko-evans/).
His face is pretty damn big.
My mom actually does this. Not enough to actually turn, but steering wheels usually have a bit of give so you can turn the wheel slightly left or right and it doesn't turn the car. I gave up trying to make her realize she can hold the wheel straight. Now I'm a bit fascinated by it and just watch her and observe. Like National Geographic or something.
When there's a fight scene and the people in the background are slowly doing fighting motions or just standing there. I try to keep myself from looking for it, but sometimes I can't help it.
What if its name is Brock?
It sucks when your asshole just gives up mid-shit.
Have you tried talking to her and explaining that you're an adult and she shouldn't be so controlling over your life?
And making booze.
My ex girlfriend is Asian and she never stank. Even after camping for 2 days. Even after exercising. And she didn't wear deodorant.
It just means earlier versions of IE won't be supported by Microsoft. People will still use them.
This is true, but this gives us more leverage when convincing clients to not require support for IE 10, or even 9 or 8.
A guy was telling me the reason Donald Trump would be a great president is because he has no experience.
They know. They all know. You sick bastard.
I also don't get it. When we were kids we would loosen the front tire's bolts, do a wheelie, and see how long we could wheelie without a front tire. It would have been really easy to get a picture like this.
When it was only 500 million you just couldn't be bothered?
To steal money? Are you serious? They're taking more from the middle class as a percentage as they are from the rich. There is nothing unfair about this, except being unfair to the middle class. It's still going to be capped at 250k, so it's still showing favoritism towards the wealthy.
I've never taken any form of welfare and I don't even live in the United States anymore, yet I still pay taxes in the states.
One other thing I haven't seen mentioned is that Forbes most likely doesn't directly control the ads that are shown. Most companies use an ad network to serve and monetize their ads. It would definitely be Forbes' fault for using ad network that would do things like serving up malware, but you can't blame Forbes because a bad ad came from their ad network.
Yeah that didn't come out right. What I meant was it's partially Forbes fault, but the majority of blame should fall on the ad network.
I guarantee it wasn't someone named Akim. It's an African scammer. I run an online dating site in Asia and we get anywhere from 3 to 10 African scammers a day.
It's actually kinda good. I'm tempted to draw something and put it into there.
I work at a cactus fucking store, so I'm good.
I'm into it.
I'd like to see this.
Just grab a cactus and quit asking questions.
I see so many things posted that are blatant propaganda and I get the feeling the government has something to do with it. Reddit is the 10th largest website in the US according to Alexa. If the government wanted to spread propaganda, this is definitely one of the websites they would do it on.
Once Americans get their free healthcare there's no way they'd let anyone take it away. They'll realize the negative image of universal healthcare that republicans try to portray is completely false and the republicans would have to start supporting it.
Wtf? Why would Reddit allow stuff like this to happen?
I don't even glare. I just say "no, thank you" in a very direct way and DO NOT GRIN OR SMILE. If you grin or smile it will make them stick around much longer. (I'm a white guy living in Thailand, so I deal with this a lot.)
&gt; Anything's possible when the possibility of more ~~karma~~weed is involved.
http://youtu.be/nsLmQF29OgU
Well I'll be damned.
That's how I interpreted it. I actually don't want an open casket funeral cause it creeps me the fuck out. So, no helmet necessary.
When I die, I want someone at my funeral to say "Gdj11 puts the 'fun' in funeral" and then quietly sit back down.
K
Directions unclear. Piss running down my chin.
Because the climate can support a wide variety of fish from South America as well as Southeast Asian fish.
Is that in Thailand by chance? I live in Thailand and have always wanted to catch a peacock bass.
This title of that article is complete race-baiting shit. It's not even from a reliable news source. How has not a single person here questioned the source or article?
Guys... he can't read good.
Or a drunken sailor https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nsLmQF29OgU
Yeah I assumed you were British as well. I've never seen those rod holders with alarms anywhere except Asia and Europe.
I have an iPhone 6 and the battery life is awesome. I don't have to charge it for 2 or 3 days usually. I'm not addicted to my phone, but I check email a lot, send lots of messages, and scroll through Facebook when I'm waiting for food or something like that.
You must be fun at parties.
He shouldn't be fined anything. They should investigate what led to the boat being anchored there and deal with the real problem.
It's possible to repair a reef artificially, but it takes a very long time for the life to return to what it was.
*Deliberately* planning ahead. Instead of accidentally planning ahead.
James Earl Jones would have pulled it off.
Was Sinbad a man?
The scent of victory. And burning hair.
America could end North Korea's nuclear program if they wanted as well.
I've seen some people who look like their arms just don't belong on their body.
Of course you can. It'll end up costing a lot more in the long run obviously.
&gt; UNU SAYS: "I doubt it' Why do all your other "UNU SAYS" answers have two double quotes, but this one has a double then single quote? Did a human type this answer?
Thanks for clearing that up. The way the AMA title was written in first-person led me to believe it was a type of AI.
I was seriously about to google Jaberwacky Hinge Bracket until I stopped myself.
What I always heard is "they're not dead until they are warm and dead"
How would you prove that the person wanted to be killed? Would you need to get some type of consent from both parties, certified at a government office, along with a mental health check? Seems like keeping it illegal to kill someone is the best approach.
Followed by the big STD.
As someone who lives in a tourist destination in Asia with lots of heavy drinking and testosterone, when a guy at a bar is getting heated for some reason and I say "just forget about it" and they're like "ok". I have to deal with idiots who can't control themselves way too often so it's nice when someone can listen to reason even when they're drunk.
Why would you filter an instant massive change? Faults are very important to show in logs, especially for maintenance.
No they don't. http://earth911.com/food/the-verdict-is-in-keep-the-bottle-caps-on
It's because they don't know how to properly use the word "cure".
I'm wondering how, if you are at your car and say you will move it, they can still tow your car. Isn't that theft? Or does the government give towing companies special rights? Even if it's at somebody's business, how can they just take your car? Can they also go through your wallet as well and take whatever they want? What's the difference?
It can be beneficial to keep your salary a secret from coworkers if you make more than them. If there's someone who thinks they are as talented or more talented than you and finds out you make more than them, they can use you as a negotiating tactic when talking with superiors. That could lead to the superiors being more reluctant to give you a raise or as much of a raise when the time comes, especially since they know you're probably going to tell other people.
If someone told me a range after I asked that question I'd laugh and say, "If you don't want to answer then just say you don't. It's ok."
If you have a social circle that's more than just really close friends it can become an issue.
What if the management thought the 125k person had potential to become upper management and the 80k person did not? That's something completely aside from job title, responsibilities, hours, etc., yet is extremely important in the eyes of the company and is completely acceptable to discriminate salaries based on this.
&gt; That can be paid out as a bonus or other line item compensation. They can, but if I wanted an employee to feel more secure and stable in his position at my company and there is not yet a higher position available, a salary increase is the way to say it. I believe it's up to the employee to do their due diligence to determine what salary range they should be expecting. They can even go on message boards and find out what other peoples' salaries are in their area.
I read it fine.
They won't let you have it back if they've already started hooking it up.
Something about huge water animals is so fascinating to me.
Reddit is the 10th most visited website in the United States. I have a feeling Objective Development's forum isn't.
Right in the feels.
It's not up to them who I will blame. Just give me the damn news.
Maybe your wife would enjoy murdering hookers with you? Open communication is the most important thing.
If the bad guys know that people inside are carrying guns, wouldn't they just switch to using heavy explosives? They're not looking for a fight, they're looking to murder as many people as possible.
I'm waiting for blood to begin flowing into my penis again.
This would be huge. Not only would it indisputably prove that Hillary has been purposely trying to deceive everyone, it would show how little she cares about national security.
~~Mirror?~~ Edit: Found a video that includes the original video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aIspB5klibU
If they do find gay porn on his computer, it probably means he wanted it to be found. He would know full well that all of his possessions would be searched thoroughly, including his phone which they've already said had LGBT apps on it.
"State Department Liason" It's pretty far removed from Hillary.
It is, but the man was VISITING the liaison office. This is a man who was running for the president of Afghanistan. You simply cannot use this to connect Hillary to the Orlando shooting.
Can confirm.
&gt; Western Buddhists rarely seem to have an understanding Buddhism past skin deep levels. I live in a Buddhist country. Even if the people here know what Buddhism is all about, nobody I've ever met practices it.
Thanks for not deleting this. I'm so glad I saw it.
K, I got a flower. Now what?
So maybe the rules should be if you show the cumshot, it's rated R, but if not it's PG-13.
It's just a tit. A sack of fat with a nipple on it. It's still just a tit no matter how you show it.
I want to be entered! I live in Thailand, but I'd obviously pay the shipping cost if I win. I'd love a hand-crafted leather quiver with shoulder strap... or an armguard... or a fingertab... :)
Nigeria started practicing early. I even got a few emails today...
Wow, I should spend some money too. Unfortunately I don't have any right now.
You're doing god's work.
This is one of my favorite songs. I really, really hope I can unhear this.
Yeah the lyrics to that song are actually really good. Brings me back to a time I saw the most amazingly beautiful girl out in public, seemingly perfect in every way I've imagined the perfect girl to be, and just thinking "what if." And then snapping out of it and realizing the sober truth... there's just no chance.
It's a guy trying to talk a girl into staying over for some lovemaking, and rather politely at that. The same thing every guy (except some of you pussies) has done since his dick began working properly. She obviously wants to also, but she's afraid her family will be worried and her friends will find out.
It's about a couple getting caught up in their day to day and forgetting who the person they married really is. At the end of the song it says they laugh when they see each other and say, "Oh... it's you!" It's actually a beautiful song. They were both seeking what they had forgotten they already had, they just didn't know it.
OMG what the hell is on Joey's head? Call the police.
As someone who's done a lot of drugs, LSD is safe in that it won't kill you, but it's still dangerous in that you can easily lose control of reality.
I'm actually pretty strong headed. I've done lots of different hallucinogens. I've done LSD quite a few times and never had any problems except for one night. I didn't do anything bad really, but I ended up on my hands and knees crawling through my neighbor's backyard with my dog. I thought my dog would show me "answers". I'm not saying people will freak out and kill people, but there's just no telling what's going through a person's head when they're tripping. Especially when a person is religious. You definitely get spiritual feelings and it can easily seem like there are answers to be found if you go looking for them. One common thing for me when I'm tripping is to have the feeling that I need to kill myself to "move on". Obviously I've never done it.
I would say white and gold.
Could be a bit larger.
The problem is when you get used to the feeling of having things that aren't done constantly in your head. It starts to become indistinguishable between that feeling and the feeling of depression.
Fake news helped Trump tremendously. Russia's hacking helped even more. The fact that Republicans disregard or even deny the former and simply say "Hillary wasn't likable!" is fucking psychotic.
There is nothing wrong with not only unfollowing your family, but disowning them as well until THEY apologize and ask for forgiveness.
I live in a tourist area of Thailand and meet tourists and fellow expats all the time... from all countries. Believe me, it's not just Americans. Everybody knows everything and wants to tell you "the best way" to do something. Usually it's just info they read in their trusty Lonely Planet guide.
Step 2: Don't pay taxes
Yeah they are. Old white people are casual racists. It just flows off their tongues it's almost humorous. Old black people are angry racists. They fucking hate whitey. You could argue old black people have a damn good reason for it too.
Not to mention just recently there were 3 white guys who tortured a black disabled teen. They stuck a metal coat hanger up his rectum. The "ringleader" also put confederate flags on the black guys laptop and forced him to sing songs about the KKK. He was let off with community service.
Fox News had it featured on their home page until the Fort Lauderdale shootings. Now I don't see it anymore. It said they were waiting to see if it would be labeled a hate crime. And fyi, the incident with the 3 white guys torturing the black teen was nowhere near Fox New's home page.
Yep, all he's getting is community service.
And the one with the white perpetrators and black victim resulted in community service for only one of the guys.
It's hard to blame the lack of attention on it just being in a small town. Some of the "popular" race incidents weren't in big cities. For some reason the MSM just decided it wasn't worth making a big deal out of.
I had a chinchilla and a rottweiler when I was young. The chinchilla would terrorize the rottweiler.
Lenny
"Were the delivery drones slower back then?"
They don't think it be like it is but it do
how do you know these pictures aren't the photoshopped pictures?
Yep, especially after a full day of hiking and fishing. It was amazing sitting by the fire and eating the fish we caught just hours earlier :)
Rainbow trout, caught in and around Lake Sabrina, California.
Russia wants to be the global superpower. They have never been comfortable with the USA being in this position.
