I'm not embarrassed.
yeah, if you remember some of the bigger moves of the twins (getting aaron boone for example), they either were terrible when they came to minnesota or they just didn't want to be in a "small ball" club
[Ram Rules](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0-d-Hf5Zzn4)
&gt;Hadn't beaten a team with a winning record Well, now they have
My dad talks about how he was flying back to MN (from a business trip in NJ, somewhat ironically). He was in line to board when he first heard that the score was 7-0 (the game had obviously just started). When he reached his seat the score was 14-0. A couple minutes later, the attendant announced "Ladies and gentlemen, we are about to begin our safety instructions, but I would just like to update on the score of the Vikings-Giants game.... it is now 24-0 Giants." So he just kind of assumed it wasn't worth listening to or watching the rest. Also, this is much easier to talk about than our other recent NFCCGs...
It wasn't a blowout, but in 2012, the Vikings came off a 3-13 season, and they were 1-1. The team the beat (in OT) was JAX, and the team they lost to was the Colts (who were 2-14 the previous year). They were up against the 49ers who were 13-3 the previous year and just lost an NFCCG that they should have won against the Giants. The first quarter, CHRISTIAN PONDER (what?) throws a nice touchdown pass on an 80 yard drive to Kyle Rudolph. He then finishes an 84 yard drive in the second quarter with a ~25 yard run. The Vikings forced 3 TOs and blocked 2 punts, threw no interceptions, and only turned the ball over twice in pretty close to garbage time (by Toby Gerhart, and those were his first two fumbles in a really long time). It was the first time in 8 games (someone could check me on this, I don't know for sure if this is right, but it's something like this) that Alex Smith threw an interception, and the first time in 13 games that Frank Gore turned the ball over. tl;dr A 3-13 team quarterbacked by Christian Ponder beat a 13-3 team made of steel and amazing defense, and did it without any gimmicks.
Hey don't be mad. We had a game (not against the dolphins) where WE even had a walk-off safety. Not only that, but a walk-off safety in a game where we scored 0 touchdowns!
Random thing, but this last year was the first time the Vikings have been in the bottom half of the league in rush defense (which is still ok, they were 17th). But yeah, the Vikings have always had a very impressive rush defense, and I never realized how badly it sucks to have someone rush all over you until Lacey did it this year.
I love how well defined the NFC North lines are. Straight along the WI-MN and WI-IL borders are perfect. Also in that regard, AZ just takes up every county for itself and only itself. Pretty cool
I work at Valleyfair on the Ripcord. You guys should come visit me and say Skol, because 5 of the 11 people who work there are packer fans and it grosses me out a little.
This is really cool! Any chance for the superbowl matchup? (jk, that's pretty ridiculous...) Good work!
Maybe it's like highlighter syndrome? That would be the only reason. And if so, sorry for your coworker. But you said there weren't any marks on it? Whatever. But that sucks man. You clog it, you clean it, so sucks that you have to do it.
It's still up, but it was mine (not really official) Well, for me, I had a great night with /u/Twinsfan94 yesterday! Played some Splatoon, which is one of the best games I've played. And he drank a little (too much), and had to help him a little bit. Awesome dude though, and he was definitely fine when I left, so I hope your day's going better buddy (and I'll see you Sunday!)
The thing for me is that Hall of Fame should be based on Fame. Eli is famous and a huge part of NFL history for his wins against the Pats. He wasn't the absolute best, and is really a tier below most of the QBs in this era, but he is FAMOUS because of his 2 superbowls and how he got them, so I think he's in there
&gt;Not the Bruins This is fine
Shoot that's right. I forgot Joe is in the hall.
Well a lot of my friends are Blackhawks fans (that surprisingly aren't bandwagoners). I have zero friends that are Boston fans, and the only Boston fans I've met are dumb, arrogant, or both
Eagles: 9 Losses this year, including: *Cowboys at home *Redskins (Twice) *Dolphins at home *Lions 6 Wins, including: *Jets (@ Jets) *Patriots (@ NE) wut
Just doesn't make any sense. I feel like if The Eagles are supposed to win, they don't, and if they're supposed to lose, they win. So really, they should be 9-6 right now. What a strange team to root for. I'm sorry Eagles fans
Lesson here: Don't count the Redskins out of the playoffs already- &gt;Not spectacular QB named Patrick Haden &gt;Injured and replaced &gt;+14 pt differential on the year &gt;Goes to Superbowl Never say never folks
I suppose. Are you referencing when we gave the Panthers their only win of the season and almost gave the Lions their only win of the season until they won week 17?
Hey I haven't met you yet!
We like you guys too. I mean, the main highlights guy in /r/nfl is a Bears fan, plus all the Bears fans I know IRL are super cool. I'm fine with anyone taking the division as long as it's not the Packers!
lol
Wait wouldn't it be Teddy Bridgeice? Also, sounds like unsafe driving conditions if you're facing a drive with Teddy Bridgeice
Congrats?
Hey Section 215 is where I am! 200s represent!
This is truly one of them. Anyone have the stat for the second fewest WR TDs on a whole team in one season?
Against Vontaze, Frostee, and Leger... geez that's a starting DE rotation in terms of names!
Commenting on the very small percentage off-chance that this is the legitimate Blair Walsh
&gt; He makes the kick, what do we say? That he bailed us out that game? Uh. You need to not be overly drunk for a minute, and realize that yes, we do. If he makes all 4, we are praising him for putting all of our points on the board, and rightfully so. The way my friends and I analyzed it, every component did very well barring one play: Offense: Didn't do bad, even drove the ball down the field on the final drive. But 28 fumbled the ball. Gave Seattle 3 points. Defense: Did spectacular today! Except for one play. Bad snap was a 20 yard loss. Instead, was completed, led to a TD. Special teams: I guess I wouldn't say great, but mostly because Jeff Locke had a rough day. Few bad punts, but nothing to get angry about. One bad play was, obviously, Walsh missing his kick. There's no reason to put none of this loss on Walsh, but there's no reason to put 100% of this on Blair either.
Well, you're sure right that this is unpopular (at least for one side of the St. Croix), but what kind of scares me is that it could be true. Think about 2010. We came off a fantastic year, 12-4, destroyed a highly rated Dallas team, lost to the Super Bowl champs by an OT field goal that sparked a rule change. Next year? 6-10. Yeah, this is unpopular, and with Zimmer I think it is a much different tale than with Chili. I mean, we were calling for Childress's head during the 12-4 run. But if it doesn't work, this may turn out exactly the same: Next year we fall in several close games, year after we try to reach to make something happen and lose 10+, followed by a miraculous playoff run. It's pretty cyclical at this point. Minus the fact that our QB is young. Which is also why I would disagree. But yeah in terms of unpopular this one wins edit: changed "is" to "could be." I'm not that much of a downer
I can't either, but that's because we never had a basketball team.
100% worth the "continue this thread" click
at home
Welp, good game everybody. [Screenshot for when it gets fixed](http://i.imgur.com/6yx7I6f.png)
[LARRY FOR PRESIDENT](http://i.imgur.com/y6UF9z8.jpg)
As stated before [Larry for president!](http://i.imgur.com/y6UF9z8.jpg)
[Me coming back to this thread](http://i.imgur.com/Xw22ahs.gif?noredirect)
I think it's safe to say Christian Ponder is an all time great
I'm fine with these other big hits that destroyed someone's career. The Lawrence Taylor hit on Joe Theismann, yeah it was rough to watch (and hear), but it was part of the play. This is why late hits are a thing. This shouldn't happen. What a scumbag. FTP(...ackers's player who did this not their entire organization)
Did he spike that ball into his helmet?
His post game interview about it was hilarious. It was something like "I saw a purple shirt behind me, so i hoped he could catch"
SO COME AHHHHHAHHHHAHHHHUNNNNNNN
"Well ya see here Mike, /u/InferiousX is just an all around great redditor. He's been in this league for 4 years workin his tail off without any credit, and he makes one fantastic comment and we're all blown away. But really, Mike, this kid's been good since his first post in the sub. Be surprised if he doesn't make the /r/nfl Pro bowl this year." "Jon I don't think /r/nfl has a pro bowl" "Well I'll have to make one Mike, and /u/InferiousX is gonna be the top of my draft list... If we're doin that type a thing again this year."
I'll do it if it's not too late. But it looks like it's too late. Can there be another one?
Whoops. Gotcha
&gt;Chargers &gt;Defense I think I see a flaw in your response
I remember watching this play since it was before they had lost a regular season game yet, and I thought "Man, if they win this, it's pretty obvious why. Holy cow"
Thanks for reminding us Aaron.
Yeah if these are 2 players in the draft, they'd go 1 and 2 almost surely.
You lookin for [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WlMpOCpkUog&amp;feature=youtu.be)?
When I go to Culver's (which is a frequent stop for me, in two different locations), I get a butterburger with cheese kids meal. Last year, over the summer, I went to one Culver's about 40 times, and every team member who worked there had taken my order at least once. I know a couple by name. They were awesome. Plus I worked the local amusement park which got a discount there, so I got 10% off to start and every 10 meals I got another free meal. I got 8 free meals out of the 40 meals I paid for.
The best part of this was that it was updated from a post a week earlier that was "Saints awarded first-round bye" Then they changed it. Glorious.
The Superbowl was pretty good for Aaron, but that Atlanta game was absolutely stellar. That Atlanta team won 13 games. Their losses were to Pittsburgh, the other super bowl team, in OT, a 2 TD loss in Philly, and to the former SB champion Saints by a field goal. Then they get BTFO @ home by GB, pretty much due to Rodgers. That game was crazy for him
Sorry dude. It sucks.
You know that game would just go to OT and have missed FG after missed FG, right?
Confirmed would happen
At least we wouldn't have lost!
King Me.
I can refer you to Valleyfair, and both you and I get $100 for you coming from my referral. If you dig that.
Or [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SSbBvKaM6sk) after each touchdown that Teddy throws (I'll guess 4)
I mean, not without that attitude either. But definitely not with it.
Fairly sure you just called half of Minnesota insane. lol
Honestly, I had to take a couple layers off during that game because we were wrapped up like we were gonna be camping in subzero for 3 days and I was sweating by the second quarter
If our QB throws 9 interceptions all year every year, I don't care if they're all his fault or not.
Where would the scenario occur that both teams go for a 2 pointer though? Maybe the Steelers now that they go for it every time, they make 2 and miss 1, other team tries to keep up edit: Found this interesting too: of the 5 new scores this year, 2 of them were with the Steelers and 2 were with the 49ers. I guess the Steelers was relatively predictable? IDK
I bet this has happened but it was stopped ever tim.
After the Bears losing to the Redskins earlier that year and the Redskins GM calling the Bears a bunch of babies. lololol I bet the tears tasted sweeeeeeet
That's true, the ground was really cold, but we had cardboard and we brought old rugs to sit on instead of the metal benches. It was delightful
ATL- Wins: TB (home), NO X2, GB, CAR (home), PHI, LA, SF Losses: DEN, SEA, SD, OAK, TB (away), ARI, KC, CAR (away) Atlanta is going to vastly improve on defense this year due to their coaching changes, but their offense is going to suffer (I believe, it's an opinion thing). They're going to have success against teams with good offenses, and as always, have success at home, but it'll lead to another relatively average year for the Falcons. Sorry guys, I love ya, but it's gonna be another blue-ballin' year. A couple sporadic wins though, and I would not be surprised to see y'all in the playoffs. Final record: 8-8 (5-3 home, 3-5 away) ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- TB- Wins: LA, DEN, SF, OAK, ATL (home), CHI, SD, NO (home), CAR (home) Losses: ATL (away), ARI, CAR (away), KC, SEA, DAL, NO (away) Opposite of what I think for Atlanta, the Bucs will vastly improve their offense this year while their defense stays the same, and maybe even regresses a little. TB is a team on the rise, with a good young QB who's actually pretty good at leading a team, and I'd be pretty surprised if TB is less than .500 this year for sure. Also, maybe you're wondering why I picked TB to beat Carolina at home? Well, maybe not, but either way, just remember that that's [this](http://bleacherreport.com/articles/694994-carolina-panther-cam-newton-is-the-worst-nfl-draft-pick-ever) game. I'm excited. And hey, if you guys pull off a couple of close games, maybe we'll have an NFC Central rematch in the playoffs! You know, for old times' sake. Final Record: 9-7 (7-1 home, 2-6 away) ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- LA- Wins: SEA (home), ARI (away), BUF, NYJ, SF (home) Losses: SF (away), TB, DET, NYG, CAR, MIA, NO, NE, ATL, SEA (away), ARI (home) ~~St Louis~~ RIP. Los Angeles is going to be interesting, and I can't even predict how they're going to do based on home field advantage, because I have no clue as to what theirs is. (For the record, I know the other teams', because I spent about 3 whole days during Thanksgiving break finding out how much better teams do at home than on the road. If you want to see it I have it still.) This will be their first year in a stadium I don't even know the name of (coliseum?), so I don't know if they'll be great or terrible. Either way, I'm gonna predict their games like every other year: Exactly what you wouldn't expect them to do. There won't be a major improvement to offense, as rookies will need to take a year, as I'd expect with Goff, but defense will--- you know what, defense is gonna stay stagnant too. Dammit. Come on Rams, do something different for a change. Move to a new city or something. Final Record: 5-11 (3-5 home, 2-6 away) edit: formatting
Where are the Packers' 5 losses?
luv u bby
The NFL is a strange sport
Dat 16-0 season tho.
Correct. But I mean that happened on like 25% of our pass plays last season too.
Searched for this. I'm glad it was said. I was thinking while that game was happening, "This is so good, don't even care if we lose" It was just so entertaining.
AFCE: Bills AFCN: Bengals AFCS: Jaguars AFCW: Chiefs NFCE: Redskins NFCN: Lions NFCS: Panthers NFCW: Cardinals And before you cry bandwagon for the NFC, I was a big fan of Cards/Panthers back in like 2008. Even through the garbage years. Still was a fan then.
As the one flow chart said, &gt;I long for the good ol' days when our losses really meant something---&gt;Vikings &gt;Our losses were never really that important---&gt;Lions
3 TDs on 3 catches? Ahh, good memories
Wait, do you live on Earth too?
He seemed to get his acting a lot better in the H.M. The "I've been to New Orleans" line. That was pretty good.
&gt;Tough Question [mfw](https://storage.googleapis.com/imgfave/image_cache/137065713617428_animate.gif)
Theyre protesting the dakota pipeline i think
Ope, looks like they're packing up shop. There are now some policemen and folks with hard hats and climbing gear above them. Edit: jk theyve been above them the whole quarter now but it looks like theyre just gonna wait for the end of the game
Hmm, tempting... how bout instead i change the structure of every orifice in your face!
Top comment &gt; Thank you for leaving Damn Twitter never stops
LOS ANGELES WHY WONT YOU SAVE ME
:)
Buy more merchandise in the back!
Maybe even a professional team! What if they were in Los Angeles too!
This guy gets it!
Yeah i i thought about #2 when it happened; it was a clear obstruction of the rule. If it happened the other way (batted it backward to have a better chance of recovering the ball), i could see it, but this was a blatant breaking of the rule
Goodness, his fight with Bolduc was amazing. One of the best moments watching Wild Hockey for me
Damn the Kirk one is beautiful
That seemed like a good idea but it just crashed and burned geez
Did she agree to another date?
Although suburbia in MN goes for a 40 mile radius around Minneapolis/St Paul in every direction
That's insane. Maybe I should rent out the basement to some fans (MG)
not worth
&gt;Watch the Packers make it That's bad enough
I do like this thread But i don't quite get haikus Because i dont understand syllables
Oh absolutely. I just wanna see the "and they have casilla or punto to pinch r..." then silence for a jog around the bases, followed by the replay, and then "...And we'll be back!" I just want to watch it so much
I love the "4... is that to be your last question? Somebody give me a better question than that!" &lt;4
Adjourning my slumber I lumbered from bed "I hope no one's up for there's ache in my head," "Good morning!" i heard from my mother instead "Good morning," i mumbled "i wish you were dead" Well i tried
Seeing an incomplete pass or TFL would be interesting, and they don't have that, but they do mention that ~70% of all 4-down series end up with either a 1st down or a TD (meaning they cannot convert 30% of the time).
Because i dont know people around me and i dont have a s/o I know lots of people, but they're all in mn (9hrs away), where school was (2 hrs away), or work (hr away), so im spending the next few weeks until i get to know people either doing laundry or sleeping. I love texting people and catching up, but i dont know who to do it with since it seems very weird to do out of the blue
What if deja vus are actually cause we remember them from our actual lives?
2042 Headline: IS TERENCE NEWMAN SLIPPING also in this issue: get your tix for Super Bowl LXXVII between the Jets and star QB Tom Brady Jr and the Ferocious Lions Defense led by Brent Urlacher
I can't think of a reason why I should be surprised
I WOULD VOTE FOR TOP THE TATER
Woah ho ho, my friends are getting mardied in texas in like 41 days, and theyre both from mn. Weird
This is how i remember the mid 2000's games going. Decent offense, defense was pretty good (dat line do) with a couple turnovers, then in the late game ap and the oline just take over and once a handoff is well faked its an easy td. Good times
The Packers will surprisingly fall. (I can hope). We saw the beginning of the dismay that can happen 2 seasons ago, and I think their window is very quickly closing. Expect a shoulder injury to A-a-ron by week 8 of this year, and he won't play the same way, though still very well. (I'm not saying to any NFL D-Linemen go for this, but I think it's very likely to happen)
Any Lions fan who was 5 years old or older in 2008 is automatically exempt from the bandwagon card at any point until death
Wait, you were a terrible person so you decided to go for the Raiders, or you were a terrible person while a fan of KC so you switched to the Raiders?
I agree with half of your statement
To be fair, it was a really impressive interception
Going to watch the vikes in atlanta? (I mean after youve moved)
Dude that's exciting, hope it works out! Unfortunately i dont have any ny videography friends, but i do have some ny friendos, so ill keep an eye out
Hey,i might be going to the steelers game too! (Closest i can get to indianapolis). Might see ya there!
The best thing of outdoor football was that in the cold, everyone there wanted to be there. You dont bring babies or 10 yr olds who dont care about the game when its -6 outside, only fans who want to watch their team win (and be loud while doing so).
Same. In a blair walsh jersey.
Royal hits it deep But its caught in far left field! 2 down in the 3rd. Pitch: 942 diff: 225 result: FO Runner on 1st 2 out
[McBaeballface](/u/icanhasadhd) steps; Can he keep his hot streak up? We'll see with this pitch!
The ump's called strike 3. After the catcher's return, Mcbaseballface swings It is still a K Watching every pitch go by, Mcbaseballface sighs Pitch: 829 diff: 274 result: K End of 3rd
On a 2-2 count, Bargeparge throws a hard slider Juuuuust catches the plate! Pitch: 444 diff: 317 result: K Bases empty, 1 out
[Power](/u/TwinkiePower) to the plate- His team needs him to provide The delivery...
[Marnette](/u/jmarnette) readies up. With a man at 2nd base, Can he drive him in?
Marnette watches 3 On 1-2 he hacks at one Misses it- strike 3! Pitch: 4 diff: 299 result: K Runner on 2nd, 2 outs
Power's 2 away; Can [Mackenzie](/u/close_) hit him home? We'll see with this pitch!
Mackenzie hits it- Oh my, that's back, deep to right!! Diving catch- big play! Pitch: 866 diff: 253 result: FO Mid 4th
Baret seems drunk at the plate, as he stumbles to the right-hand batter's box Unfortunately, 3 pitches have been thrown down the middle before he even stepped in teh box, and it's a looking K for Baret. Runner on 1st, 1 out
Bottom of the 4th [Guthrie](/u/vinmaskinen) with a chance to hit Can he make Burr pay?
Guthrie grounds to right Bobman makes the routine play 1 down in the 4th! Pitch: 546 diff: 419 result: RGO Bases Empty, 1 out
I think they're all exactly right except for the 5th seeds being wrong, the Panthers being 5th not 6th, and the bye teams being switched. That is remarkable
After yesterday, is this true in Baltimore?
On a 1-0 count Bradford slaps one into right 1 on for the Sox! Pitch: 711 diff: 58 result: 1B Runner on first, 1 out
I accidentally said Beezle got it. Then edited to make me look right when I was not. I apologize to Boston and their fanbase, as such a heinous act should not be tolerated
With a runner on, [Al-Halliday](/u/Plaxus) will now try For a Red Sox lead!
[McCluster](/u/vigintiunus) steps up to the plate. Neither team has had a lot of offense, and McCluster hopes to change that. The pitch is in
Woah 5 from Indiana seems odd. What's with that?
Ripken Smokes the ball into left, down for a hit! Bradford rounds, but stays Pitch: 497 diff: 53 result: 1B Runners on 1st and 2nd, 1 out
Mylo reassures the Twins' manager that the league has discussed, and will review the consequences of his umping error prior to the next game ending. No additional outs or at-bats will be assigned in place of Shackleford's missed at bat
After a great start, Dickshot comes to relieve Burr Can he keep the pace? [Hunt](/u/-AnthonyAmadio) is in the box after finding he's been dropped, can he still provide? The pitch is in
*Impossible*
If they had a separate category for QBOTY, he'd have a very good shot. MVP in its namesake is the most valuable though, and even being the most valuable on the defense is tough to replace a QB who is clearly the most important player on an offense
I want to play Los Angeles next, for 2 reasons. First I think we match up best against Los Angeles. We're a lot better defensively, and offensively, though we lag behind a little, it's not as big of a gap as our defense to their defense. Second, I want New Orleans at home for the NFCCG. I want a rematch of '09 without the close game aspect. Let's bring New Orleans to MN and win 31-10. I think we can, and we should.
Jimmy still looks the best
Mike Hunt gives a swing, but completely misses the pitch. He falls down with a cramp in his right calf, and it seems that it's from dehydration, as he's been down for a couple minutes. Lindros comes on the field to help him off, and the Boston crowd is cheering for Hunt and his 0 for 1 debut. They appear to wish him the best, as they know this last at-bat in a Boston uniform ends quite unfortunately for him. In his place, [Ovaltine Jenkins](/u/mrman5426) will bat, and can respond here with his swing. The count is 0-1, but that doesn't really matter aside from story-purposes
I can see that. Though I think Case Keenum is the best-looking QB in the league
AHHHH Waht wahth thith thuppothed to accomplith?!?
Thkol!
*Shudders*
He's nervous, but on the surface he looks calm and ready to hit bombs, but he keeps on forgetting how the zone's plowed, the whole crowd goes so loud he opens his stance but the bat don't come 'round He's focused now, everybody's focused now the clocks shown out- 95 miles per hour Snap back to fake-ality Ope there goes Halliday Nope, he won't nab third he know the pitch's fast when it's thrown he wants to steal but nope He won't set up for home He's got 2 bags to go but it don't matter to O- valtine, batter he knows he's so stacked but Mylo has called batter out; groans from the crowd, a sin back to the dugout again, yo Let's hope Mylo can remember this time Rusty's got an at-bat here! Pitch: 215 diff: 297 result: K runners on first and second, 2 outs
You're new here, aren't you?
[Mike Cal](/u/mcal24) leads the 5th Mylo checks his lineup card *fairly sure that's right* The Pitch is in!
Cal bloops one to right; Bradford dives, but smothers it. That's a leadoff hit! Pitch: 738 diff: 114 result: 1B Runner on 1st, no outs
[Bobman](/u/Darkbobman1) up to bat; Without a hit on the year, Can he get one here?
I'm ready for crushing disappointment, but you're right, until I'm crushingly disappointed, BARRROOOOOOOOOO
Bobman lines to left- Bradford... caught! Flashing the glove! Cal retreats to first Pitch: 555 diff: 265 result: FO Runner on first, 1 out
I just think people have a harder time believing me because my flair. i think Smith is DPOY at worst. His pro bowl snub is surely a meme, but with good reason
/s ruins jokes
DAMMIT this is like my 5th time doing that this game.
[Reference](/u/ObsRefGames) is up; Hasn't had a hit today Maybe this will change?
Daz, on 3-0 coach seems to give a green light Swings, and deep to right... Bounces, and it's fair Oh it's over the wall, no! Would have scored a run! Pitch: 93 diff: 35 result: 2B Runners on 2nd and 3rd, 1 out
Red Sox make a call Looks like they're waving to right; [Corey](/u/power448) runs on in!
Cast my organs out to sea Im literally only saying the results from now on with no commentary fml
[Hanky](/u/TCHankies) is up
[Boston Pitcher] escapes the jam Pitch: 969 diff: 259 result: K Mid 5th
this is the best sub on reddit please @ me i will defend it with more than enough posts even though this one is enough by itself
[Beezle](/u/B0ndzai) is up to start the bottom of the 5th
HE GOT BOTH BACK PAWS IN BOUNDS AND YOU KNOW IT
[Macguffin](/u/doctorjesusjr) is up. The pitch is in
This is up there with the Chiefs' 0 WR receiving TDs in 2014. How do you avoid that?
YOU SEE THE SNOW, YOU SHOVEL MO'
Did you also know he went to school at $500 state for a scholarship of Mankato?
[Royal](/u/shockerSeahawkroyal) is up. The pitch is in
Pitch: 901 diff: 345 result: K End 5th
V-I-K-I-N-G-S
ALRIGHTALRIGHTALRIGHT
*Philadelphia would like to inquire on your availability next season*
That offensive scheme left them in good shape, though
C
I'd like everyone to rank the playoff teams in terms of how excited they'd be to win the Super Bowl this year. I'll start 1. Bills - Between them and MN, they're about the same, but the Bills magic to get to the playoffs overshadows MN's dominant route there. Erase the 0-4. 2. Vikings - explained above, slightly below Bills 3. Eagles - To win a superbowl in a city where you get booed after halftime in a game where you win, IDK. I don't know many Philly fans who are rational, but I know they are all passionate, and after the torment of recent years, I'm fairly certain a Philly SB would be received quite well. 4. Jaguars - for all the /r/nfl doubters, and also to get the "Jaguars have never even been to the super bowl" trivia off the back. Also on a somewhat personal opinion, Khan deserves a super bowl, as he's treated the city of Jacksonville wonderfully 5. Falcons - To be ousted in the super bowl after the lost lead and come back and win the next year as a 6 seed would be remarkable. 6. Panthers - similar to Falcons, not a lost lead, but a big win after the SB loss + hangover. 7. Titans - First one in franchise history, led by the Nashville savior and a wonderful man, the flyin' Hawaiian himself. 8. Chiefs - The loudest fans in the NFL have been desiring a SB for 48 years now, and they'd be quite excited to get one, though I think the season had by the Chiefs made them a bit weary 9. Saints - Personally, I don't like Sean Payton, but I think Drew Brees is a wonderful human, as I'm sure 99% of the population of New Orleans does too. They'd be very excited to get him another ring, since he's been better than an amazing QB and only had 7-9 records to show it. 10. Rams - I put the Rams low on this list because of the recent move, but for those who were Rams fans through the move and those who want the Rams to win but not for Stan Kroenke, a SB win would be remarkable. 11. Steelers - They'd love it, but come on, they have a song about going to the Super Bowl. They've been there before and I think that lowers your personal value of it. 12. Patriots - Same as above, but I mean even moreso- They won last year. They've won 5 in the last 20 years, and I think the value of a superbowl has been severely deflated in New England
[Banaco](/u/Jaco927) leads off Oh my god are Haikus back? No, they aren't The pitch is in
R
N
C
Larry "I'm only half a national but I'm 100% man" Wayne
D
I
Wonderful is not Quite how I would describe them but to each their own Jaco hits it high Not deep though; just short infield Beezle makes the catch Pitch: 450 diff: 323 result: PO Bases empty, 1 out
I'd argue that the TB touchdowns weren't garbage time when they were scored. But even so, that's an amazing stat. The last non-garbage time TD not scored by the Vikings at US Bank was probably scored by a high school team, but if we're only including NFL teams it was the Rams
It's hit deep to left! Macguffin is chasing it... Catches on the run! Pitch: 164 diff: 187 result: FO Bases empty, 2 outs
*Let's* get a first down? You'll hear us *cheer* for more? Gross
Depending on what generation of Vikings you grew up with, that's understandable
[Jack Marnette](/u/jmarnette) is up Unless he scores the Twins can't win this game in 6!
Marnette has 2 strikes He gets jammed and pokes to right... That's down for a hit! Pitch: 17 diff: 61 result: 1B Runner on 1st, 2 outs
With Marnette at first, can [Mackenzie](/u/close_) drive him in? Pitch is on its way!
