I didn't really discover edm music that I liked until I was nearly 30. I can't fathom the idea of going to a club/show/festival. I can't imagine being that guy with a bald spot trying to spit game to 18-24 yr old girls. And I can't imagine getting into recreational drugs I've never used before with a full time job and other time sensitive responsibilities. Still love edm, I'll just enjoy if from the periphery.
So was Best Buy 10 years ago. "Hey bro, glad you could come over...what do you want to do? We got some time to kill." "Wanna go to best buy? They got Madden on a sweet setup with a 60 inch TV!"
...Where do you live?
Definitely fire...but [2 years ago fire](http://www.reddit.com/r/trap/comments/1amg1v/milk_in_my_sippy_cup_y_trap_mix/).
He's probably used that same line/joke at many other gatherings. Political speeches, be them serious or not, are well rehearsed. He was probably just too lazy to remove the Biden bits, or hoped no one would call him out on it.
ITT: people far too edgy and brave 4 me.
Do we know which sets are marketable/tradeable? Is it random or are only the same sets marketable/tradeable? It would be interesting to see how the system is messed up. Is it random sets, specific sets, and is it an error. I could see a lot of problems if they revert the items from marketable/tradeable to not tradeable. A lot of users would be upset if they fucked this up.
Checked out vpgame.com...I can't read anything...
&gt; dota2.vpgame.com Well that certainly makes a difference! Thanks. I'm very new to betting. So new, most of my bets have been for mere tens of pennies. I've only used D2L so far, but might give vpgame a try. Thanks!
Only way Cleveland can get a foul call: be a 5 foot 10 white guy getting clobbered by 7 foot black men.
Well, for Republican lawmakers, the goal is to starve the Obama Administration of legislative victories. And Obamacare is his signature legislative achievement. If Obamacare is upheld, continues to work, and is successful over a period of time, it shifts from being the "new healthcare law" to becoming the standard, the expected. It becomes commonplace and no longer a point of contention. And at that point, Obama would be heralded as a greater president because of it. Republican lawmakers want to deprive this potential future history from becoming reality.
Yup, 10% is the max.
KINKY
With rumors that they don't want a 1 mana cantrip in standard makes me think it landing in a blue-focused EDH deck, with new art, would be an ideal landing spot for it.
Rule of thumb, any commodity, when it is digital, [drives towards zero.](http://www.amazon.com/Free-The-Future-Radical-Price-ebook/dp/B002DYJR4G)
Sheesh, I just can't get into cosmetics like others can...I'm just too cheap. Sure, I have expendable funds, but I can't justify spending large sums on digital items, or literally anything digital. I did "splurge" on the lvl 50 compendium...but even that I was hesitant "Is this a good value? Will I regret this purchase? Is it worth it?" questions run through my head before every purchase, especially "frivolous" ones like hats. To this day my total expenditure on Dota 2 is less than $50. Thanks for subsidizing my play, big hat spenders!
Kevin Hart is the socially acceptable Katt Williams.
This is true, and in many ways a convenience...but internet speeds and other applications really haven't caught up to make it that accessible. I mean, I still can't email an attachment larger than 20 mb at work through outlook. To download my entire library of one genre of EDM music would take me hours at the 15-35 MB/s speeds available in my area. If we want everything on the cloud, we need some big fucking pipes, and we need them everywhere.
Yeah! It used to take me 15-30 minutes for a single Limp Bizkit song on Napster! I did it all for the nookie!
Any link? Cause this link dont work.
*water weight*
I think it also stems from the fact that reading/browsing reddit is an entirely personal and solo experience. Reddit is loaded with inside jokes, internet humor, and circlejerks that your average person won't understand, and won't understand why you find it so funny. Sharing reddit posts and/or comments with others can quickly become cringe-inducing.
Seems confusing for causal players...more confusing than additional deckslots.
One thing is for sure, advertisers now love using trap tracks on their commercials. From shoes to beer to cars to energy drinks. The more generic the better. I probably notice a new commercial featuring trap once a week.
Yo fam, you dun kno me. Shit is str8 fiya. Got me ROLLIN on dis un, ya erd? Hahahaha
Is anyone else going to point out that the weekly ask anything threads have the word "ask" repeated in the first line of the message? It's been this way for probably 6 months :)
Indeed. It is pretty sad, and desperate, when a channel goes from a standard visualizer to some stock image of some hot chick...like...we know why you did this...
Wow...his career accomplishments are so...shallow: - Bilzerian's most notable cash was in the 2009 World Series of Poker Main Event, for which he appeared on six episodes of the show's television broadcast. He finished in 180th place - In 2010, he was voted one of the funniest poker players on Twitter by Bluff Magazine - Bilzerian was signed by online casino company bgo to front their TV advertising campaign alongside Verne Troyer.
A 42 year old who not only reads, but posts, on adviceanimals is cringe enough.
You could make the argument that Lion is better "starting" hero for players new to the game. Making his stun hard to use would only frustrate new players. Literally every one of his spells is targetable. It's a change that doesn't affect pro level significantly, and affects new players significantly. I'd say Valve doesn't want to go that route.
Eh, it's any successful franchise. "Catering to the casuals" as it is usually referenced.
For those wondering how to get loungestats, it was new to me so thought I'd share: http://www.reddit.com/r/LoungeStats/comments/2dtm9w/how_to_install_loungestats/
Depends on the level of play. Sometimes I feel like it's just a matter of which teams have more cores. When everyone is average, and farm is evenly distributed, and your opponents aren't good enough to punish you for your greedy lineup, eventually you just have 5 right clickers that turn online.
Once I saw Diablo had tits, I completely checked out of the story.
It seems the bigger the tourney, and the higher profile of the team, the more consistent the matches are. Lower tier or even tier 2 teams competing in smaller less well organized events don't seem to have very reliable lineups or outcomes. This is just what I've been noticing lately. Mars dota tourney was really consistent. The favorite almost always won. But other small tourneys recently were hard to predict and had a lot of volatility in lineups.
I'm new to this whole betting thing and I'm trying to learn as fast as possible. Right now I'm 18-12. Although I have more wins, I've lost more in value and in items than I have won. Basically, it came down to betting too many items and sometimes too much value on matches that just didn't turn out. In trying to learn some general rule of thumbs from my observations. If anyone could verify these or add their own that would be really helpful: - bet small on big underdogs in best of ones. The classic "yolo bet." The payout is usually pretty good for the relatively small risk. - in a best of 3, bet the stronger team. This doesn't always mean the favored team. Which team has been drafting really well? Which team has a good understanding of the meta? Which team has been facing and/or beating top teams or teams above their usual bracket? This implies your able to watch some of the matches, or at least follow the drafts/outcomes online. - follow news and updates on teams. Who has standins? Who needs to win more, such as for placement matches or lower division. Follow gosugamers rankings and see recent matches. This is probably the hardest and most time consuming part. These ideas only scratch the surface on the complexity of betting. I hope to learn more and get better. I'm $3 in the hole right now despite being 18-12!
GSW was a clear, clear favorite IMO. Teams play completely different when they are in must win situations. GSW also played poorly the game prior and hadn't lost 3 in a row since 2013. A bounce back was not only likely, it was expected. I was shocked originally to see Cleveland was the favorite. So many bugattis lost on Cleveland. Wish I placed a bet but I don't have an account with vp games yet.
Another thing to consider is that Cleveland has been basically playing 6 players. That's almost 40 minutes a night per player. GSW were playing 10 players in their rotation. It was bound to happen that Cleveland's players would suffer from fatigue. They get 2 days off tho so game 5 is now tricky to predict. I'd have a small bet on GS, but only because of home court. I wish I knew as much, and felt as confident about my projections with the dota as I do with the nba.
You can't really criticize the techies pick, he may have picked it first and his team didn't pick complementary heroes. With tinker and tech the game can stall forever. Which is just what a team with specter wants. His team should have picked an appropriate carry to help the late game. They had none.
Very nice streak there. What sort of resources do you typically use to help make your decisions? I've been hitting only about 50/50 lately. Typically try to use gosugamers for past match ups. The comments on d2l discussion seem to be rather dishonest and deceptive too.
"What is battlebots? Is that a game show?"
And add an app for the PS3! I desperately desire one.
Yeah I upped my bet for Burden from .06 to .17. Yeah high roller :)
I'm pretty concerned about Navi picking Puck. So far Puck has been an insta-lose hero pick...
The item is being bought out. It isn't just "deck builders." Several of my playsets sold lasts night with multiples going to the same buyer. I find it more likely they wanted to snap up my copies to try to flip rather than building 2x collect call elves decks.
Good points. I think the speculation market has become more obvious because *anyone* can be a speculator. Although we know how difficult it can sometimes be to turn that speculation into profit. Fees, shipping, time invested, etc are all factors that cut into profits, and for many, the effort isn't worth it. Sure, you may think "Wow! My Tasigur's just jumped in value!" but if they don't move them in a timely fashion (and thus not play them) they aren't making any profit. My point being, because of the growth of magic as a whole, the playerbase has expanded, and so have the "casual" speculators. People hear the hype trains and jump on them, but casual speculators don't usually have the required infrastructure, supplies, desire, or time to be committed to the speculation game, and they likely fall out of it over time. I would imagine, as the growth of the playerbase slows, so does the speculation market.
More like buyout of Ezuri, Renegade Leader. I had a small investment in it (12x copies) and they were flipped for a tidy profit. Who knows, I could have waited a bit longer and gotten more for them. While Ezuri is the win condition, I went deeper on Elvish Archdruid. It has a ton of printings, but is in every iteration of elves deck, while Ezuri is more the hot commodity.
Thanks. But it seemed like a no brainier. I kept seeing posts in /r/modernmagic and /r/spikes about the elves deck. People were saying it was legit. Multiple posts about optimal main deck choices and sideboard tech, primers, etc. Basically, it wasn't a flash in the pan like so many decks that see a post but never make it into a top 8.
I have a strong feeling the "most recent polls" will put him just outside the top 10 before the first debate is held. Networks will simply notify maybe 15 candidates that they may be in the debate, and will shape the poll numbers beforehand to exclude Trump. Trump will NOT be on a major network debate.
[Trump once led 2012 polls](http://www.usnews.com/news/articles/2011/04/15/poll-donald-trump-leads-2012-gop-field) but never appeared in any 2012 debates. Now, I would *love* if he actually appeared, but I just don't see it happening. Trump will say crazy shit whether he is at a debate or simply behind a podium with a camera in front of him. Is there a cash-grab possibility here for networks? Sure, is there also an established Republican party that *doesn't* want him alongside Jeb, Rubio, or Walker? You betcha.
There seems to be a lack of self control among the gaming community. Players can't wait for the latest AAA title, or even the latest "meh, title that is super hyped." No, you don't need to preorder anything. No, you aren't going to be top 10 on the leaderboards. No, you don't need to buy Mt. Dew and Doritios for "double XP bonuses." No, you aren't going to be the first one to complete the game/accomplish a specific task. However: Yes, the game will be available several weeks/months/years after release. Yes, the game will be cheaper. Yes, the game will be patched/fixed/bug free when you buy it several months later. Maybe I'm just old now, but I see no benefit to preordering. If the gaming community had a little more self control, and refused to buy games that weren't finished, this wouldn't be an issue. Unfortunately the appeal of "hats" and "being first" are too great.
More like full employment and responsibilities.
Meh, maybe I'm not a majority, but I am loud about my disdain for preorders. I've never preordered any game and the last game I paid full price for (50-60) was probably GTAIV like 7 years ago.
Great points. With digital distribution, most publishers make their games available day one (if not, predownload, with a key that isn't valid until launch). No longer is quantity an issue. Although Gamestop built their business on preorders with "exclusive" goodies from them or the publishers. People have old (and bad) habits. I've gone to a few midnight releases, and each time I was able to buy the same game everyone else "preordered."
I put my money where my mouth is...in that it never leaves my mouth. I can't speak for the "flip floppers" you describe, but I've *never* preordered a game. Sure, I've gone to midnight releases a couple of times (last one was Starcraft 2) but each time I simply stood at the end of the preorder line, and bought a copy. Never has a store run out of a new game I was interested in.
&gt; It just takes time Thats the rub...my time is spent doing more productive/required things these days. Gaming for me is for winding down my evening, after I've had to meet my other responsibilities. Growing up can suck, your priorities sure change. Time is more precious than money.
Wow, good call. Think I'll have to pick up a couple playsets. The only problem is there are a ton available right now. Although we've seen any of the commands seem to have the potential to jump from .75 to $5-$9 in a matter of a few days. Hopefully the same will be true of Ojutai Command. Also really interested in anafenza kin tree spirit. She seems too strong to sit at 1.80 for long and also sees some modern play.
If you are stuck playing weenies, the new anafenza helps make them a little meatier. She has been a target of mine for a while now.
Went 6-1 today, only loss was Secret v alliance which was just a value bet. Went super low on it. Went big on VG vs Fnatic and big on Vega v PR, and rode the VP hype. My best weekend ever, I've only been at it for 3 weeks. I can actually bet a couple dollars now :) http://i.imgur.com/ow9QHGq.jpg
My bad, will do :)
Every analyst recommendation said EG starts slow. They proceeded to lose their first and win their next 2. In fact, both of their losses yesterday came against IG.
No, the inner plates are thicker than the outer ones, which implies they are lighter. I'm going with the assumption that the inner plates are 45s and the outers are 25s. They could also even be 10s. Hell, the inner plates could be 25s for all we know. Bumper plates very commonly look like full size plates and are much lighter because they will use less metal and more rubber. Assuming the bar is a standard 45, this could be anywhere from 115 to 155 to 185.
Copy/paste from the June 18 thread: Well, here are my picks in the next round of ESL: VP vs **Alliance**: Alliance has been playing terribly lately. Sitting on a 5 match losing streak, and a sub 40% winrate since May, they haven't been performing well. I'm not putting a lot of faith in them to win, but I am going very small (literally some duplicate commons I have) simply because the odds are so skewed. Between this matchup and Secret vs Fnatic, I think this is the more likely one for an upset. Fnatic vs **Secret**: I'm going big on Secret here. I feel they play best in a best of 3 or 5 series, and this should fit their strength. They also got to pick their opponent so they feel they are a team they can handle. IG vs **Cloud9**: Cloud9 should no longer have a stand-in, and they are very capable of beating IG. With the odds at 68/32 favoring IG this was an easy bet to make and is more close to 50/50. For that reason, I'm going small/medium. VG vs **EG**: Probably the toughest match to predict. The #1 US team vs the #1 China team in a BO3. Should be a great match. Although lately I am not too high on Chinese teams. They seem to drop matches against teams that they shouldn't, but the same can be said for EG with their recent loss to both Alliance and LC. EG lost both of its BO1 yesterday to IG, but beat VG in their BO1. Current odds are 42/58 which is about right, probably closer to 50/50. I do have trust that EG has a good grasp of the meta, although I wouldn't be surprised if this series goes to 3 games, and I hope EG comes out on top. Going medium on EG. **TLDR**: Right-side hype
Wow, we pretty much have the same picks, the same wagers, and the same justifications. Good luck to us both!
Question for you, since you were betting around the time of TI4, I certainly was not. Did the "experts" here forsee Newbee doing what they did? They seemed to come out of no where and just beat everyone. EG had a lot of hype around them but did just OK. Navi were also fan favorites but didn't make it far. I imagine a lot of people lost a lot betting against Newbee.
With the Fnatic vs secret and the VP vs alliance matches, you do think Fnatic has a better chance to upset than Alliance does? It looks like that is what you are implying.
Interesting, I'll have to do that. I had the advantage (?) of being at TI last year, but I wasn't into betting then. My group of friends started to see how well Newbee was playing and totally picked them to take the finals when it was down to the last two teams. We initially didn't forsee them getting there, but once they were there it looked like a lock. I'll be at TI5 this year, and I plan to place bets with my phone, so I'll have to have a bunch of items on my profile set to bid. Hoping it will advantage me again, if it even does, lol.
I agree, I don't think we will see an upset. I went small on Alliance because I think they are better than Fnatic. And although VP beat secret, I'd probably go Secret over VP in a 3-5 game series. For those reasons I put a small bet on Alliance, but I'm not concerned if I lose my 0.15 in items.
Ha, story time: Last year my friend wanted to buy 2x of those mini demi-hero figurines. One for him, and one for his friend who wasnt at TI. He stands in line all day and buys 1x slark and 1x doom. He opens them up to check them out and they are both gold. Gold? That's weird. Later we find out that Gold is a super-rare version of the regular one, and the in-game item is also gold! I do a quick ebay search and these things are going for $300! Wow, so the next day, he buys two more. Hes thinking, keep the two regular ones I'm about to buy, and sell the gold ones from yesterday. He gets two more...opens them up, and they are also gold! 4x demiheros purchased, 4x gold. He gets in line again towards the end of the day, almost no line, and buys 2x more because he wants the colored versions. Opens them up, 1 regular slark and another gold doom!. Jumps in line again and buys *another* doom and finally gets a regular one. He couldn't take all this back with him on the flight, but I did for him. 7 demiheros, 5 gold. I sold all the golden troves and gold figures for him on ebay. After ebay fees and my own "sellers cut" he netted $1200 from sales. In short, TI was awesome :)
Wow, it takes balls to bet on a team with so many competitors. Nice score!
These aren't good justifications for betting on alliance, but I am as well just because of the potential. Then again only very small.
Very small is relative. My very small is $0.15 :)
Because my bet is 15 cents worth of duplicate commons? It was bet them on alliance or recycle them.
What I have found is: - D2L is better for people with smaller armory values. Hell, my most expensive item is $0.40. Doesn't mean I don't enjoy bidding items on matches and winning multiple .05 to .10 items. D2L values all items at *at least* 0.03, with most items at least $0.05. VPgame values almost all of my items at 0.01 to 0.02, which doesn't make it worth betting. - VPgame seems to have better management, and be more competitive, but I can't get past the poor returns for small-time bettors, plus the broken english throughout the entire site.
I *loved* those sunchips bags, mainly because I would annoy my girlfriend. In Target, I would ask her a question, and as she answered, ruffled a couple of bags of chips, completely tuning her out and her losing her own train of thought they were so loud. I even hid two bags behind the other bags once I heard they were discontinuing the packaging. Got a couple more ruffles out of them, but I miss those bags :(
CTRL+F Finally! Video for those interested: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PPILIe_xxsY Note, this was a PRESEASON game. Rivalry was real.
If Woj had any sense as a sports journalist, he wouldn't write an entire article based off one source, one source that has an invested interest in crafting a "hit piece" no less. Woj either has another source for the story, or he's losing his credibility. Although he lost some of my respect when he used Joe Maloof's "first and goal on the one" line about the Kings leaving for Seattle.
Not to mention, but who is to say that Faegan would be appeased if they did get rid of Karl? If Faegan wants his young big man in a larger market, who the coach is doesn't matter, the coach just becomes a scapegoat.
I think moving Boogie is more likely. Vivek wants a certain style of basketball played. He wants up tempo, lots of 3s, fast break exciting play. Think Golden State without the defense. He was a minority owner there before becoming the Kings owner. Denver had a pretty fast break offense under Karl. They made the playoffs regularly but never were competitive for the title. Maybe that is good enough. Vivek chose Karl. Vivek didn't choose cousins. We've seen just about every draft pick and front office decision that the Maloof's made slowly get overturned or replaced. Cousins doesn't fit the style of play that Vivek wants and wants Karl to run.
&gt;As for the SEA games I will abstain on them as they are all bo1 and they also don't show up on d2l (i only bet on d2l haha). They are showing up now!
&gt; Oh and dont forget about the fact many people here arent even 18. I think there are also a lot of people who are learning/using English as a second language as well, or at least people's syntax/grammar is downright terrible.
First 10 kills. It is a wager that is available on VPgame but not Dota2lounge.
Great tips. Similar experience for me. I started with mostly .05 items and got lucky early on an underdog. Don't make mistakes like, betting on every match, you'll quickly find you are running out of items. Also, as MarSirius said, it is not uncommon to bet on a match and get zero items won, because your wager wasn't big enough. I've seen this up to 0.10 not getting any returns. It sucks because your winrate % might be 60+ percent, but you are down items, or down in value because your losses hurt more than your winnings helped. Find a "safe" bet and go big. I started with those .05 commons and now have many .50 .40 and .30 items that I can bet. I'm still a small better but have invest zero dollars of real money into betting. Good luck!
VP just took game 1 in convincing fashion. I put a late bid on VP simply because they seem like a team that is well seasoned and well versed in this meta. They always draft well and are always competitive. I like their aggressive nature which helps punish mistakes. Only the top teams are capable of playing within themselves and limit their mistakes, slowing down VPs snowballing. Empire is a good team, but VP is hot. I'm still riding VP.
It is easy to be blinded by success. Self restraint is difficult for anyone to master. The point is learning from your losses and not letting your wins cloud your judgement. Establish rules for yourself. I'm sure now you see reasons for why your bets were off the mark or bad decisions. Betting big on a BO1 between tier 4 teams? Risky. Create rules that don't allow you to make such risky calls. Slow gaining is better than quick gains/losses, although not as exciting.
And if you are investing in goblins, gotta pick up some legion loyalist.
If you are selling anything for less than 50, or your condition is ex to nm, just use a stock photo as most other sellers do. Simply save their image to your desktop. Just don't use ones with watermarks, but those are rare. If your item is particularly valuable or condition is suspect, just snap photos with your camera and use the eBay app.
Looks like Kuro stepped out of Game 2 as well. Zai is still there. Meanwhile M5 are playing with 3 standins as well.
Looks like nope. I have no idea why they didn't ban QOP from the first game, who was wrecking them in teamfights. They let BU get QOP in game 3 and it's pretty onesided to BU.
I think we got some tough games tomorrow. Each of them have a huge spread, with odds stacked in favor of one team. Personally, I think tomorrow's matches lend the following two questions: 1). Which match is the "safest" or rather, which favorite is *most likely* to win. I'm leaning VP over mYinsanity, but the profit yield is so low. Cloud9 v. Hell Raisers might be the better pick, although slightly less safe. 2). Which "favorite" is most likely to lose to the underdog. Vega v. Power Rangers is intriguing. In their last matchup, PR beat Vega, although Vega has beat them more in the past. I don't know a lot about VGP and HGT, but that HGT is ranked higher and has beat VPG in the past in the BO3. BU vs SFZ seems risky to me, even if BU is the favorite. They lost a game to M5 rather handily, but won the series winning the next two. Both teams had multiple standins. Because of the volatility of the lineups, I would probably abstain from this match, unless more information becomes available.
He didn't lose $40 on Braveheart because of "322," he lost $40 because it was a stupid bet. He lost $35 on Empire because they ran into a hot team, VP, that is currently tier 1.5 status, taking games off top teams, and having a ton of recent high profile tournament experience within the current meta. We need to stop blaming our wins on "skill" and our losses on "322." You win some, you lose some. Without evidence, claims of 322 are baseless and mere speculation.
Yeah, I think vega is a strong team for sure. I didn't really do a whole match by match listing of what I plan to bet, primarily because I want to read/research more. But I'll probably go medium on vega.
Looks like as soon as he was DDOS he jumped on reddit to answer more questions...better have been via mobile because 4CL needed him.
At least football cant be DDOSed.
They are crushing them. Big bet is secured. This 4CL match on the otherhand. Poor W33 :(
"Karma is a bitch" seems to be the prevailing thought here, but I find it more likely W33 was targeted specifically *because* of the way he reacted in 4CL's match vs Vega. It wasn't like the DDOS Gods chose to spite W33, or that he was "randomly" targeted, but rather that his actions elicited a specific reaction from someone butthurt.
Yeah, I'm 0-2 for the morning. I've got a small bankroll so I've lost 0.60 so far. I have to win my remaining 4x games just to get back what I lost. Tough day.
1). We don't "blame the victim" here. Could W33 have done more to prevent DDOS? Perhaps. But, we don't even know what precautions he did take, if any. Regardless, you don't blame the victim, you blame the DDOSer. No one deserves to be DDOSed. 2). They were using TeamSpeak, not Skype, as Wagamama stated in chat.
I missed game one. Were 4CL DDOSed in that game too? I noticed 1 standin in game 2 before W33 got DDOSed. If so, that is crazy fishy. More needs to be done by tourney organizers either by stipulating more protection requirements of its participants, or delaying/replaying matches.
I got a feeling I will be abstaining from any match PR is in.
D2L odds have already begun to shift a few percentage points towards PR in their matchup with Vega...people believe the DDOS is real...I hope for the sake of the integrity of the game it isn't.
At least you got returns. My bet was only big enough for 0.12, so I *wanted* trash. Instead I got nothing.
From a business perspective, it isn't a bad idea. From a moral perspective, it is supporting a team that likely cheats to win. I'm not going to tell you what is right/wrong, but those are the issues involved.
How are you able to tell which side they are betting on?
Wow, you are right...I wish I could make a gif of this. It is scrolling insanity.
The amount of compete dribble rivals twitch chat - OMABACARE IS DESTROYING OUR NATION. Kappa - Impeach Roberts! RINO BIBLETHUMP - Obamacare is bankrupting out nation! MA BUGATTIS!
Guess we learned two thing: - Only place serious bets on LAN tourneys - For online tourneys, especially those with small prize pools, also throw small bet on underdog or at least on handicap.
D2L closed the match entirely.
But somehow 4CL couldn't get its game cancelled. Really shit showing for an organized tournament.
Multiple connection issues on both teams. They paused and restarted the game from a previous point several times. I thought they made it a BO1 and that Burden had won, but both VPgame and D2L cancelled all bets and returned all items.
There are much better underdog choices if you are looking for one.
And if they did return bets for ddos, then there would be no incentive for ddosers to do it. Because the ddosers don't care about results, or who advances, they only care about getting the bet they wagered to win.
4CL picked a really greedy lineup, and Empire wanted to try and punish them for it. The problem is, the longer this game goes, the stronger 4CL comes. Their team is so much more disruptive, superior initiation, and more burst.
Honestly both games have been close. Empire seems to have the better execution. Game two looks really close, and it started out pretty bad for Empire.
Wraith King might have been an insta-lose pick, he is too easily kited. I don't like Empire's chances as this game 2 drags on.
yes, my whole $1.25 bugatti :)
Good points. They need to grow as a team. Individually good players that need to learn to work within a system.
Or like /r/NBA. A different thread for each match, which allows users to discuss that match, rather than clutter up the daily prediction thread.
What about Mutavault? Right now it's only played in Merfolk, which is a good deck, but Mutavault doesn't see enough play in enough decks. Do Goblin decks want Mutavault? Or do they prefer 18 mountains?
Good points. Just a couple days ago I commented that Legion Loyalist was a good pickup for anyone speculating on Goblin Rabblemaster post rotation. It is pretty much *the* de-facto 1-drop goblin. I wish I had listened to my own advice and bought some before this spoiler. Oh well.
[Today was a good day.](http://i.imgur.com/rNSz5EW.jpg) Makes up for a slightly disappointing yesterday. I almost switched my bet from 4Anchors to Hellraisers, but I kept it as is. My first *perfect* day.
ha, oops. Yeah, well I guess goblin guide is that card. My mistake.
Wow. I can't imagine the pressure and awkwardness I would feel being approached by women suddenly and unexpectedly. Imagine just sitting at the bar at the hotel with a friend. You're 6'6, young, wearing your suite from draft night, and random women approach you...that sort of attention usually only happens at strip clubs. Although when you think about it, the difference is just money up front or money after.
Nice! Yeah I had a small bet on MY as well. I knew it would be much closer than the match was projected. Everything I lost on VG I gained back from MY. Although to be honest, my payout was supposed to be 1.40 from MY and instead I got 1.05. I'm a little salty.
I guess I'm the only one going big on Empire. I fully expect them to win, but wouldn't be surprised if 4anchors is able to grab a game off them.
And the second game is off to a dominate start. F10K again to Empire. People put way too much stock into 4anchors this matchup. People wanted another upset after CDEC over VG and MY over PR.
Ah, I'm dumb. I thought it was because "Well, without flies, you can't fly fish" would translate to honey: "Well, without honey, you can't fish for honeys" as in, attracting multiple women.
It could be that they are leaving a store that allows for "refills" of their mondo cups for a discount. So they bring their cups, fill them up for cheap, then take it home to consumer over the rest of the day, or even days. Hell, I'd pour it into other sealable bottles and save that soda to last me weeks.
Yeah I have no idea. Thought they were leading 35-20 in kills. Crazy. What they say is right, never bet for them when they are favored. Won the Vega match. So now I need 4CL to pull it out, which it looks like they are doing well.
If we could only be so lucky to come from cities with terrible football, baseball, basketball and hockey teams! We would be the most *true* fans!
Not sure how many "bloggers" there are that specifically cover betting. There are many useful sites that simply cover Dota as an esport. http://www.gosugamers.net/ http://wiki.teamliquid.net/dota2/Main_Page http://www.joindota.com/en/start Are all great sites for covering teams, events, news, etc. Specifically for "betting" you'll find *plenty* of facebook pages on the subject, many wanting you to deposit/trade them items for their knowledge.
It would be pretty embarrassing too if a bunch of "live by the land" folks gave up because they were *inconvenienced* by the lack of power/communication/internet. Water, however, is of course a necessity.
Just be aware that the military does have it's risk of deployment. My friend joined the Air Force out of high school and has had to relocate his family twice (wife + 2 kids), resulting in them going from Northern CA, to Oaklahoma :( In addition, he was recently deployed overseas in Europe. He isn't near any combat by any means, but he's still thousands of miles from his family, and not by choice. The military is a great option for many, and they do provide some great family benefits, but it does have it's risks.
Oh look, a rather professional looking logo, free of memes, kappas, and misspellings. Downvote this so we can continue to make fun of the esports we claim to care so much about.
Here has been my question though... The network extensions mod is great, and allows a lot more customization, but when I want to make my highway from a 3 lane to a 4, 5, or 6 lane highway, it becomes very difficult with 99% of the prebuilt assets on the workshop. Virtually *all* of workshop intersections are built for 3 lanes. So I've been trying to find the few intersections that I can upgrade the lanes to 4, 5, or 6 lanes without have to bulldoze too many parts, but it has been a challenge. Especially now that I have cities over 100k pop.
Which was the very origin for the pronunciation. "Choosy programmers choose gif."
It has a pronunciation: dʒɪf, at least according to google.
Everyone throughout this thread wants to say "he doesn't get to make the rules!" or "Who cares what this guy says!" etc. But do we discredit scientists who, when discovering new planets, name them things like PSR1257 + 12?
Thanks for the tip. I've actually been bringing some of the intersections I've downloaded from the workshop into the asset editor and making them 5-6 lane intersections. I'll have to test it out still to see if it works.
Ha, it sort of is. It certainly isn't realistic, but I thought it would be cool to stretch realism to make it look like your Civs were walking among/above buildings. Sorta gives a sci-fi vibe.
Now available: https://www.reddit.com/r/CitiesSkylines/comments/3zuerf/6lane_highway_intersections_are_now_available_via/
Yup! https://www.reddit.com/r/CitiesSkylines/comments/3zuerf/6lane_highway_intersections_are_now_available_via/
Here they are: https://www.reddit.com/r/CitiesSkylines/comments/3zuerf/6lane_highway_intersections_are_now_available_via/
It could be the young pyromancer of the set. Will probably sit around 2.50 to 4 during its time in standard, and slowly climb after it rotates.
Yeah, I was probably a little ambitions at $4. I think the 2-3 is probably a better assessment. That's what in-demand uncommons usually peek out at, looking at cards like Young Pyromancer and Monastery Swiftspear, which had it's value affected by Fetches.
Thanks for the comments. Really, I just took some existing Intersections that I had downloaded at one point and modified them to support 6 lane expressways. I'm not sure how realistic it may or may not be. The AI seems to work out traffic fairly well, but if one is seeking a more realistic intersection that one may not be for them.
No problem! TBH, I'm still pretty new to the game, and these are the first things I've ever built on in the asset editor. Thank you for the correction!
I know what you mean. I can hit 120k pretty easily in just 9 tiles. I'm afraid to see what I could do with 25.
Cant bet on a team that was already eliminated from contention. That's why so many went huge on Navi. HR was playing for nothing, and Navi was still fighting for top 2.
This is why you shouldn't debate NFL stuff outside /r/NFL. You get a lot of armchair know it alls who suddenly want to share their opinion about a sport they don't watch. To hear people talk about ejection is ridiculous. Dude led with his shoulder as brown's body twisted, his head came lower than the defender likely anticipated. If OBJ didn't get ejected for his hit, which came after the play was nearly over and was specifically malicious, no way would this have led to an ejection. *And* it wasn't this play that lost their season, it was the ensuing arguing after the call that led to *another* penalty that gave Pittsburgh the chip shot field goal.
My mom "son, can you look at my computer? It's so slow these days!" "Mom, your computer is 9 years old and is sill running windows vista. It's slow." "Just look at it please!" Usually it's just her internet connection that is spotty, but for her, that's reason to blame the computer.
Nothing left in sochie since the olympics?
But...but, mail is so *old*. Only old people use the mail. Ugh. Can't I just snapchat my vote?
Flying heroes are a lot harder to design sets for because they are fundamentally different from most heroes...they aren't humaoids. So heroes like Viper, Jakiro, Phoenix, etc., are harder to design sets around, let alone break their model down. That being said, it is remarkable that troll *doesnt* have cosmetics. He really should.
I think I remember reading that Valve said they couldn't allow a wizard hat because it went against the design of the hero and he had to have a hood. It's pretty bullshit tho.
She was totally legit in HBOs The Newsroom. Most of her films were poorly written characters to begin with.
"I feel sorry for the guy, I really do, but there just *a lot* of people talking about this right now. A lot of people. I don't even like to bring it up, but just today the Washington Post, which I usually disagree with, had a piece from a constitutional law professor stating that he's not a natural born citizen. I mean, Cruz, he's a great guy, but he needs to get this taken care of or it's only going to get worse."
I really don't know, as I haven't experienced any issues personally. Just make sure you have set up everything correctly. Make sure the app is set to "confirm by mobile" and not via email." Make sure your phone is linked to the same account as the account you are linking to on the betting site. Maybe try updating your steam trade ID. Other than that, I wouldn't know what is wrong unless there is some sort of trade restriction on your account. I've been able to bet on vpgame, d2l and nxt no problem.
Alliance ain't Russian.
&gt;If proxy tournaments are not allowed I'm afraid that some people will turn to fakes. When the 10 proxy legacy tournament becomes 0 proxy whats to stop disenfranchised players who still want to play from searching out the Chinese fakes. So much this. The number of legacy players (or players that could be interested in Legacy) far outnumbers the limited supply of reserved list cards, or other highly sought after and expensive staples. Telling a player there is *no wiggleroom* on proxies on some of the hardest and most sought after cards, literally running into the thousands of dollars, is forcing a player to make one of two decisions: quit, or get convincing Chinese fakes. I really feel like Wizards is just blowing some steam to have an "official policy" on the books to appease Hasbro's investors. I doubt we see witch hunts on stores for this, unless the offenders stand out for some compelling reason.
Some considerations: We haven't seen anything from EG or Secret in the latest patch. I'll be abstaining from all their games until I get a feeling for their strength. This is a CIS event on CIS turf. I expect some teams to try to make a showing with this event, especially with those who've played a lot in this patch. Consider up and comers like Spirit have more to prove than teams like LGD, EG or Secret. Also, this tourney might mean more to these "lesser" teams like Spirit, while the top teams might be more interested in practicing/saving strats for the Majors. My underdog picks: Spirit over LGD. Fnatic over Navi. Navi over Alliance. LGD over EG. CoL over VP.
Of course, I agree that every hero should have cosmetics. That may be their goal ultimately. Who knows, with heroes like Viper and Jakiro who's model is so old/boring to begin with, Valve may want to redesign them before breaking them down for cosmetics.
Ha, they do have a strong resembelance. Too bad Haley is basically a no-name nationally. I would find it unlikely she leads a sketch about the Republican response. More likely it would be Jay Pharoah as Obama, doing literal victory laps around the audience.
Have you downloaded the Steam Mobile app? Have you linked your account with the Steam Mobile app? Have you established that all trades and confirmed via the app and not via email? With those things done, you should have no problem. Or at least that is all I had to do.
It's all good fam. Stay lit. Fire emojis. Think I covered it.
For many people I've helped who struggle with double clicking, they have a habit of moving their hand as they click, likely from the motion of the click itself, leading to them dragging the icon, failing to double click, or delayed double clicking, which brings up the file name editor. Ugh.
I suppose my experience may have been an exemption. I had an issue with my Comcast receiver. Mind you, I'm relatively technically proficient and have a couple years experience in home theatre as well. I've set up my entire house before without so much as s call to activate. But for this new box I was stuck. 1 box worked, but the other didn't. I troubleshot the faulty box. Doesn't work on this connection, doesn't work on that connection, but got a different error message. Tried the working box on the other connection and it still works. So, something is wrong with the box. Of course, it's 11 pm and Comcast phone help is down. I decide to give their internet support a shot. I describe how the Master box is working, but the Slave isn't. I provide them the model numbers and wait while they try to figure it out. A few minutes later a get a response stating that the Slave box I received is not compatible with the master box and that I need this other specific model. For once I felt like "yes, this person understood both me, and my issue." I go back to Comcast with the bum box and a print out of the conversation and the employee shrugs his shoulders and says "well, I can get you that other box, but this one should work." I'll have the other box please. Lo and behold it set up automatically and has been working just fine.
You don't use the app or confirm anything when you are receiving items (withdrawling). But your account has to be linked to a mobile device properly before you can do *any* trading.
Yeah, there is no other way, unless you can find a way to emulate the steam mobile app on a workstation. Valve changed their policy. Technically you can still trade, but all trades without mobile app have a 3 day waiting period, and obviously that doesnt work for betting sites, so they dont allow you to trade unless you have the mobile app linked to your account.
These are purely my picks. Follow at your own peril: Fnatic vs **Spirit** - Yes they disappointed yesterday, but they lost to EG and LGD, the two best teams in the division. Their win over Alliance was impressive as they beat Alliance even with their precious NP donger. Fnatic hasn't impressed me much. (small) LOSS **Navi** vs LGD - this pick coincides with LGD's other match today vs Alliance. I'm picking both Navi and Alliance as I suspect one might upset, particularly if LGD has secured top position. I don't *think* Navi will win, but they could surprise. If you look at LGD's drafts, all you have to do is ban Earth Spirit and Dark Seer first round and you'll eliminate LGD's top performing heroes. (v.small) LOSS **EG** vs Fnatic - Assuming Fnatic loses vs Spirit, they are basically out of it. Odds might get too silly for this one to go big on however. (medium) WIN **Alliance** vs LGD - See above Navi vs LGD. WIN EG vs **Alliance** - This third spot in the division is up for grabs, and its likely between Alliance and Spirit. I don't think Fnatic or Navi will compete for that third spot. That being said, Alliance will need to win one vs EG or LGD. Because EG and LGD will be heavily favored, going small. WIN Spirit vs Navi - Abstain Vega vs **CoL** - Going on odds here mostly. This is a 50/50 to me. (small) LOSS **Liquid** vs Wings - Liquid needs 1 win to secure their spot. They can do it here, or later vs VP. Wings is the easier opponent. (big) LOSS (OUCH!) **Secret** vs CoL - Secret's drafts have looked good for this patch, and their loses came against Liquid (top in the division) and vega in a long drawn-out game that could have gone either way. I don't think Secret want's to be embarrassed and not make the final 6. (medium) WIN Liquid vs VP - VP underdog looks promising if odds are farther than 60/40. Secret vs Wings - Watch previous games and bet based on either team's standing. Who's basically eliminated and who's still fighting for a spot. VP vs Vega - Ditto above.
Appreciate the analysis. We differ on a few picks, but your reasons are sound. GL.
If it helps you any, I lost 10% of my inventory with liquid losing to wings. Wtf liquid. This is what I get for betting on matches then going to sleep. And for betting big on BO1s.
Meh, VP didn't execute their rat plan well enough. NP shouldn't have been in those final fights, he should have been ratting their 4/throne to force Vega to split their attention. Plus, he had 10k gold in the bank and could have spent that on some luxury 7/8 slot items on a courier. On top of that, VP had some questionable BBs mid fight that were diebacks. Now, VP didn't do this intentionally of course, but I don't think they were that disciplined. I think they were simply too hesitant. Kudos to Vega of course though for pulling it out.
Looks like about 200 or so in value before you factor in the Full Art lands. I'd say you made a good score. A lot of people are claiming this looks stolen, but if someone had that same binder on eBay, 100-125 is probably what it would go for.
This question is posted almost every single fucking day. 1). you must download steam's mobile authentication app to your phone. 2). You must link your steam account to that app. 3). You must set it up and select "approve trades via mobile authentication," *not email*. 4). If this is the first time you are using your phone, you must wait 7 days to trade *after* you've done everything above to pass the "new device" wait time. That is it. No way around it.
Check out other betting sites, the often have different values for items. nxtgame, vpgame, dota2bestyolo, dota2top, etc. It is actually good practice to recognize where your items are most valuable, and bet those items on their site.
But because Blizzard bought MLG, don't expect to see any Dota 2 on that stream.
Of course it will have CS. My point wasn't about CS, but Dota. Although once Overwatch has launched and begins to run tournaments, I wouldn't be surprised if MLG becomes/features HS, Overwatch, HotS and maybe Starcraft with CS and any other games as secondary.
Also interesting is the word count for each participant: Carson - 1577 Kasich - 2438 Bush - 2537 Cruz - 2636 Trump - 2795 Christie - 2996 Rubio - 3088
Odds are opposite between sites. 60/40 favoring IG on nxt game and 60/40 favoring cdec.y on d2l.
Sure. Go to steam guard and click settings. You may need to pull down on the screen to make setting appear. There you can confirm "get steam guard codes on my phone."
Yeah theoretically you should be all set after the 7 days. I don't have any experience with the desktop version tho.
Ur using a 6 lane highway with 1 lane overpasses to the other directions. So 3 of your lanes are not even used. I have an interaction that is 6-lane to 3x 2-lane overpasses on the workshop: http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=594952317
A photocopy of a fax from a fax of a pixelated jpeg.
Yeah really like endbringer. Felt like I had a planes walker every game. I don't even think I swung with him once.
This card was basically my 39th or 40th card but it always did work for me: elemental uprising. Every time I casted it, it took my opponent by surprise. Was basically removal for me on turn 3, and in two occasions let me swing for bonus damage or to force a block that secured me the win. Super surprised I went 4-0 at prerelease, but pulling a Nissa and an Endbringer helps: http://tappedout.net/mtg-decks/otw-prerlease-11716/
I believe it's just the steam app. You have to go to steam guard and pull down if you don't see settings. The set up mobile authentication.
Yeah, no. Over 1000 PWE shipped with top loaders. Never a problem. No one is scrutinizing your envelopes so long as they are normal size. They simply get stacked with the other thousands of envelopes and processed by a machine. They won't get stuck so long as your top loader isn't too thick and isn't stuck in one side of the envelope. I always tape the top loader to the folded invoice before placing it in the envelope.
With over 700 eBay feedback and a 100% feedback rating, I've never been notified by a buyer either by message or feedback that they were required to pay more postage. In fact, I spent $5 sending nearly a dozen sample envelopes with different packaging configurations to a friend 3000 miles away, and every one was received with no problem. I'm not just a seller, but also a buyer. There have been times a seller on TCG will send 20 cards in a single envelope. Those are the envelopes that have been damaged. Some vendors are shitty and send too many cards per envelope, but to say that a PWE isn't sufficient to send a single card is simply ridiculous.
I have a feeling valve's authentication requirement changes killed off 50% of bettors worldwide. Plenty of people are unable to figure it out, or do not have access to the means necessary to meet valve's requirements.
Yup. Think emulation software might be a solution for some but that's an extra step or two.
Check out fruityloops. Get some sound packs, especially Lex Luger. You'll notice a lot of his samples in trap music over the past few years. Experiment and have fun, then check out legit producers at /r/trapproduction.
Yeah I had the top 5 worst spread across my 3 leagues. Ugh.
Mobile authenticator. Get it.
Well then, it would look pretty shitty if instead we got the 5th largest/widest/brightest screen, wouldn't it?
What you get out of your cards is directly related to how much effort you are willing to put in. Maximum effort and maximum returns: individual sales via ebay/craigslist/TCG, photos of key rares, and detailed descriptions of their condition. Minimum effort and minimum returns: "hey, here's a box of some magic cards, its got some rares, and a bunch of commons and uncommons, what can I get?" It also depends on what you are selling. Standard stuff? Easy to move. Modern stuff? usually easy to move. Just rotated out previously standard stuff? Sometimes harder to move. You might even find someone on this sub who is interested, you just have to put the effort to describe in detail what you have. What sets? how many rares? Any decks you've made? Were you a competitive player or casual drafter? etc.
Well, it's no hidden secret that Dota betting is largely dominated by developing countries in the south eastern Asian regions. I wouldn't be surprised if people in those regions don't have access to the smartphones needed to install authenticator.
Don't forget the [dirty colored folding mats](http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/71lXutII3OL._SX522_.jpg) covered in stains and ripped velcro.
I think the biggest problem you are having is that your digging for dollars articles come out as the set comes out. EV of any new sets drives down significantly over time after release, as if it were a law of magic. Perhaps the focus should be "I like these cards, but I'm not buying in until they hit 'x' which they should about 3 months after release." I mean, you are trying to find the card or cards that go *up* after release, which is usually the hardest thing to predict.
Imagine this guy's bookcase...
