It also helps negate the murder hobo mentality by disincentivizing combat as the solution to every problem.
Another answer: lots of things. As Dan Savage put it. There is no "one" for everyone. Maybe a 0.65 and a rounding error. Poly can hep fill in the parts of your needs and desires your primary partner cannot.
Yes/No, it was when he was interviewed on Star Talk.
Paid off Telus, picked up a 2 year old flagship (Note 2) for $120, and now I'm with Wind in Edmonton. Coverage is decent and speeds are less than stellar, but $45/mo for 10GB before throttling is pretty sweet.
This was a few months ago when I was unaware of the ruling unfortunately. Almost $200 per phone, but switching has already paid for itself. Phone bills dropped by $100 between two phones.
Because the art team and development/design team are the same people.
So instead the burden is shifted to employers and insurance companies. Someone will pay no matter what, it's just a matter of moving some numbers around. What reason is there for the government not taking care of dental and vision that makes it distinctively different than regular health?
Actually, there is a worksheet from the same homeschooling package they teach their kids with that details how if you are abused that it's probably your fault.
Isolation is abuse 101. Whether you continue this relationship out not, I'd suggest reaching out to the community anyways. Better now than 6 months down the road.
Wizards are by definition more versatile and more powerful. They get scribe scroll for free, spells a level sooner, and the ability to learn every single spell available to them. Sorcerers just have less bookkeeping.
So give the book to the fighter between rests. And what is your best spell at level 3? 5? Every odd level you'll be significantly less powerful than your intelligence based counterpart. Not to mention qualifying for prestige classes a level later.
Not enough medioclorians
Yeah, these are development screenshots when it was still using WC3 code.
I'm pretty happy with Wind. Certainly not the fastest and I only have data in the city, but that sweet sweet $45 bill.
&gt; So Nintendo treating their gamers like retards again... No, it's called good game design.
New band name: Tectonic Gays
Why would they do that, and has there ever been a case of a large American city doing this?
Yeah, I stopped listening to his podcast after one episode went something like this: - HBM and 300 series, meh - 980 Ti, THIS IS LITERALLY THE BEST THING EVER
No, but if you listen to the actual podcast they are very very biased and will display anything from AMD consistently.
What you need to do is remove the negative connotation that comes with bring weird. All "normal" means is average.
I wrote this guide for /r/buildapc a while back. The case suggestions are a little dated, but the rest of the guide is still very relevant. https://docs.google.com/document/d/1iKFOgGjTCKJn9sYklPtAqUFCaQb_j4ySs-W6q8PMhzM/edit?usp=docslist_api
This is all great as long as you remember that this one quirk in your character is not their single defining characteristic. Everyone in the world has dreams, desires, goals, fears, anxieties. Let your magic denial come out when it makes sense, but the more you shove it into the spotlight when it's not the right time, the sooner you and your fellow PCs will tire of your character.
No, we just need to realize that threatening companies bottom lines means they won't get to donate as much. For example, the stollery may receives less funding.
When you're competing with free, you need a hell of a lot better business model than HBO currently has.
GARROSH, DO YOU EVEN LIFT?
Only serves the US, more expensive than Netflix for a significantly smaller library, and up until recently only available with a TV subscription. I'm not going to pretend piracy is justified in any way, but I'm not willing to fork over more money when I already have a Netflix subscription and my $3/month VPN + popcorn time gives me the same quality of service. If the world was already a moral bastion, piracy wouldn't exist in the first place. Obviously people already have no qualms with pirating, so simply telling them not to or punishing them for pirating is like telling criminals not to crime. You need to address the root of the problem, which is the fact that piracy offers a better product at a better price with the additional cost of an insignificant amount of guilt.
I think they've already made a reputation of being exclusive. They'll need a big PR push to get the word out there that it works on more devices and without a tv subscription.
Google play music ended my music piracy days. Steam ended my gaming piracy. Netflix ended my tv and movie piracy (sans Game of Thrones).
I neither feel like shit nor need your respect. If a show that costs that much to produce fails to turn a profit because consumers are unwilling to pay the price they are demanding, then so be it. That's how capitalism works.
In a capitalist utopia, no. In the real world, yes. Theft, crime, and piracy can't be ignored when modelling real world economic situations.
Correct. Piracy is illegal and immoral, but so is jaywalking. Wiggle your finger and tut all you like, it won't go away.
Ultimately, piracy lives in the crossroad of "I want this" and "I don't want to pay for this". Granted a lot of people want things they don't want to pay for and yet they won't steal a car or kill someone for their wallet. The only thing keeping people from crossing that road is their own sense of morality or fear of retribution. Since prosecuting pirates is so difficult and the crime is fairly harmless, many people have no problems with it. The trick is getting pirates out of the "I don't want to pay for this" camp. The only way to do that is by offering a better service and putting it at a price point that makes sense.
There are such things as healthy, sexless, romantic relationships, but they're in the overwhelmingly vast minority.
By the tone of the post, it seems more like she told him rather than discussed
Yes. I have a good friend in that situation.
Because he knew precisely what he was getting. You don't go to a restaurant, order a hotdog, and complain that you wish you ordered a hamburger. You don't buy a base trim ford focus and turn around and complain about not having a sunroof and touchscreen navigation. There is literally no deception at all from Blizzard. All the information regarding the skins were a google away. Either the person bought them without looking them up first (their fault), didn't understand what came with them (again, their fault), or disregarded the information and hoped there was more (still their fault). Blizzard has not earned a single iota of flak being sent their way by this abhorrently entitled and whiny community.
I tested this one for a bit tonight and am absolutely in love with it. https://hearthstats.net/decks/starter-priest--9/public_show?locale=en Of course I added a few of my own doohickeys. Dr. Boom, Harrison, and a few others.
Patron is dirt cheap.
&gt; He went to a restaurant he knew had terrible hot dogs, and he ordered an hot dog hoping it wasn't terrible since it was expensive. The thing is, the hot dog was terrible and expensive. How the fuck can you possibly make that out to be the restaurant's fault? Especially if you already know precisely how the hotdog tastes beforehand. That's called being a retarded consumer and the purchaser deserves to be parted with their money before a nigerian prince comes along.
People who complain about top tier decks either don't play them or haven't adapted their deck to deal with them.
Yeah, it gets away from the very combo reliant standard priest tricks and seeks to deal with the aggro meta in a more direct way. In 5 face and mid-range hunter games I won all 5 around rank 9.
Poe's law works in reverse too.
No reason to be hostile. It's just another point of data to consider. Probably that minorities are typically poorer and less educated.
I feel like he adds to the discussion in the same way the WBC adds to a gay pride parade. That is, he doesn't. It gives us all something to sneer at while at the same time weakening the positions of those who happen to agree with him when he deliberately insults other users and rants with RANDOMLY capitalised WORDS.
If you had read the original post, you would understand that this has nothing to do with his opinions. I'm asking for the mods to consider banning because he is insulting, derails discussions, and is generally a negative influence on the subreddit as a whole.
Because there is no need at 4k
Free speech is all about government censorship. As a non-governmental entity, we have free reign to limit speech in any way we see fit. I believe eliminating the sort of discussions (vitriolic arguments) that TexasNorth causes is good for the subreddit. Again, nothing to do with his opinions, just his behavior.
I feel like the revamped MC was more of a "Are you sure you want 40 man raids again?" thing.
Read the post again. This has nothing to do with his opinions and everything to do with his conduct.
Yeah, it really isn't. There are a few areas to avoid, but those are all over the city. 118 ave, Bonnie doon, etc.
Do you believe his conduct is affecting the subreddit in a positive and constructive way?
Congratulations for both not reading my post and proving yourself to be a douchebag.
And why would processed and refined be any better or worse than not?
Turn off motion blur if you have it on. It's completely retarded to have anyways.
it'll impact performance regardless, and I find it distracting and disorienting in most action games. Not to mention unnecessary because each frame is rendered and you don't need it for motion to look smooth like in 24 fps movies
It's probably more of a social thing than a church thing.
I don't think you understand. Motion blur is used in movies to trick your brain into thinking the 24 fps produces smooth movement due to how we stitch together each frame in our mind. Because most PC games should be running near 60 frames per second there is no need for motion blur. Especially since we move around much more erratically than a panning shot of an action sequence motion blur just makes a mess of everything.
Don't sell it here. People are generally much more savvy. You might have better luck on kijiji where people might be willing to pay more for the alienware name
A nocebo caused by someone believing they are exposed to EMR*
Spotted the paladin player.
Affect* Affect = verb Effect = noun
That sounds super cool. Have a link?
I think they should fall under the same rules as the rest of society, not be given anything. If the people in that culture want to preserve it, it will be preserved. If not, why force it?
Dan Savage put it the best way. There is never any such thing as a perfect match for anyone. You can find someone else that you are reasonably close to , but will never exactly just the way you are . As you bump and grind against each other in the relationship you will wear down the softer edges and change to fit your partner. But once you get down to the harder part of who you are it will either take more grinding or you'll have to break the relationship off because you aren't willing to shave off those parts of yourself. There is no one for everyone just a 0.65 and a rounding error
Your opinion is popular, and you're a swell guy.
As an electrician, if I showed up to work with these I'd be fired. [This](https://www.kleintools.com/sites/all/product_assets/resized/220x220/klein/11055.jpg) is all you need.
For me, it's all about speed. I could strip 3x the wires in the same time the stripper in the OP could.
Rewording both cards to make more sense: Spiked Armor - When your hero is attacked deal ~~2~~ this weapon's damage damage to that minion and reduce durability by 1. Loyal Bodyguard - When an adjacent minion takes damage, deal damage to this instead. Slightly changes the effect, but more more simple.
Yup. I got that, the blue one in my pic, and a pen tester combo for $40 at Home Depot the other day. Really pleased with myself.
The way I interpret it, the animal focus ability triggers when you have a dead animal companion. It would not stack with itself for multiple dead companions. However, if you had 1 dead level 1 companion and 1 live companion, it should trigger that ability.
Why would it be interpreted in another way? The condition of having a dead animal companion mentions nothing about multiple companions, so why would it allow you to stack the effect on itself with a single condition being met? Plus, any GM with a pulse would fiat that out of existence in no time
"It's hard, so we're not going to do it."
Nonsense, obviously you'd be idiotic to try to just copy and paste the exact wording for traditional marriage and apply it to polyandrous marriages. You'd have to give then their own category along with all the legal protections and benefits of regular marriage in addition to the possibility of transitioning from a 2 to 3+ person marriage. Hard? Of course. Impossible? No. And your "pointless" comment is entirely insensitive to those who have been living a polygamous life, but are unable to find the same legal safeguards despite the desperate need for them.
The point? How about when a close friend of mine lost his daughter because of the lack of poly marriage? He was in a triad (3-person relationship) with another man and woman. They had a child and neither man signed the birth certificate because they didn't want to know whose it was. When the girl was 4 the mom passed away and the daughter went to her ultra conservative parents instead of the legal father. He's been fighting for almost two years now for his daughter. That's fucked up. Just because you fail to understand the need didn't mean there isn't one. It comes down to WAY more than just property.
Again, all of those are difficult questions, and ones meant to be answered by people far more versed in marriage law than you or I, but none of them are impossible to answer.
Triple monitor, SSD OS drive, RAID 0 SSD game drive, a blue, brown, and buckling spring board... I fully concur.
It's all games that I don't care if they get wiped. The only folder there I care about is my WoW mods that get backed up to my other RAID1 set. Plus, SSDs are reliable enough that I don't need to worry.
I build computers semiprofessionally. So many zip ties, cable clasps, and Velcro straps.
The SI-7 Agent says "Hah. This guy's toast." when he enters play. It sound like he's saying "disguised toast"
You can be they perfect parent all damn day, and still not have complete control of a teenager.
Question: do seasonal cubed powers transfer to non-season when it ends?
None. They take their cut out of each fare and that's it.
Good luck getting one new years eve.
Alas just the one. We also have a cat, 6 fish, and a frog.
I only really got into the game when 4e launched and only played 3.x a few times before that. After a few years I got into 3.5 and now Pathfinder. The best way I can articulate the problem with 4e is where the focus of the books is. It becomes obvious that 4e trends towards the arcade combat type given how much space in the rulebook is dedicated to stats and numbers, with each power having barely more than a sentence dedicated to the flavour.
Eidolons were insanely overpowered, and there's no consequences for charging them into a fight because they regenerate a basically no cost to the summoner whatsoever. That's on top of then putting out pretty insane damage numbers with pounce, multiple limbs, etc.
Replays are all saved if you enable it.
There are far more people partying new years eve than there are sober drivers. That's why cabs make bank that day. It's not as simple as just "planning ahead".
This is completely unrelated to the topic at hand. Take your MRA bullshit elsewhere until it's relevant to the conversation.
When is religiously motivated, yes. A single instance is a crazy outlier, but a systematic problem spanning many women demonstrates that the conditions in that country lead to what is currently happening. Catholicism is what caused it, so we're discussing it on a board largely dedicated to the criticism of religion and the promotion of atheism. Your comment was entirely off topic. This has nothing to do with men's incarceration rates in the United States.
To the layperson, consensus is the only thing they can turn to for truth in advanced fields. Most people simply lack the training to examine and analyze data and therefore rely on the opinions of those who can.
Pathfinder introduces the Azatas, a race of what seems to be a cross between angels and fey. They're all about freedom and happiness and love. Super hippies basically.
Murglish is the official name for the language.
Not just "people". Chris Metzen. The lead designer and voice of thrall.
You expect far more than the average person can deliver. I spent 5 years in post-secondary sciences and most of the stuff i see in journals and such goes way over my head.
Why not try a lossless merge, then convert to VBR after the fact? Also, try to do a blind test with yourself between the lossless and lossy files. Many times I've seen audiophiles claim a track to be inferior because they thought it was lossy when in fact it wasn't.
Sounds like you didn't watch any tutorials. It's a simple case of RTFM. Or in this case WTFV.
Ah, the good ol' "if you're not with us, you're against us".
By the strictest definition, it's not. However, it's close enough to the interests of those that post here to be relevant.
The upvotes don't.
That men do not learn very much from the lessons of history is the most important of all the lessons that history has to teach. -Huxley
Lots of great suggestions. Most of the class stuff is included on the rules text for the abilities themselves (like uncanny dodge), so I feel they don't need to be included.
As with all things pathfinder, specific trumps general. Listing every possible exception is a futile endeavour when the exceptions are spelled out in those specific entries rules texts.
Can you source this? I can't seem to find anything.
Neat. Though I can't imagine a situation where you'd have two different racial bonuses to the same anything.
Exactly. So many commenters saying "fuck forbes" when they need to make money somehow. As long as the ads are unobtrusive, there is no reason to block them.
Also in some places, the "this call may be recorded" thing done by those systems gives you permission to record.
&gt; Instead of solving a problem, you should just pretend it doesn't exist. The only courtesy I need to extend to other players with regards to being aware of the game is when the game begins.
I'm currently playing in a Kingmaker (Pathfinder) campaign as a Paladin. 90% of your time is spent in the lawless wilderness, and my character has basically taken the role of executioner. With no means of incarceration, we've no way to safely deal with bandits. Despite being LG, that's just how that particular part of the world works.
How is this at all relevant to the monetization of web content through ads?
Colloquial coercion and legal coercion are two different things. If you are drunk, incapacitated, threatened, or otherwise forced to, that's legally actionable coercion. If you are simply pressured, that's still on you as an adult to make the responsible decision.
I gotta tell ya, my 4 year old 3930k is loving the lack of innovation.
Extra Credits does a great job explaining randomness in games. The tl;dr is that RNG can lower skill ceilings, but is almost always necessary in making things exciting and accessible to new and less skilled players.
It also drives away people with one arm and people playing on Commodore 64s. That's just the unfortunate reality of the MOBA genre.
Your self awareness and open mindedness is commendable for someone brand new to poly. If you keep that attitude and really work at it, I can see poly in your future (if that's something that tickles your pickle).
Fairness has nothing to do with the equation. It ask about what provides the best possible quality of life to the maximum number of citizens. For example, taking 33% of someone who makes 300k a year and redistributing that 100k to 5 people making 30k to boost them up to 50k makes for a significantly happier populace. Obviously it's much more complicated than that, but that's the basic thinking behind leftist policies.
Because tax loopholes are almost always exclusively available to the rich. For example, the family income splitting favorited families making well above average middle class wage.
&gt; Tax loopholes are taken advantage of by the rich because they are paying enough in taxes that there is room to claw back some without going into the negative. Tax breaks are designed to incentivize certain activities. Making charitable donations, investing, and contributing to an RRSP are all things we can agree are good for people, but would unethical to enforce. &gt; I think loop holes are stupid anyways. Make everyone pay the same amount regardless of income. Low income people use more services anyways so it would be more fair if they paid more in tax. Again, fairness doesn't factor into it at all. Literally the only thing that matters is what system provides the best possible life for the citizens. That's the entire point of a democracy.
Not to mention popular streamers can get invited to tournaments based on that plus mediocre skill.
Great for finding the porn.
I don't get any credit? I'm certain I started a thread calling for your banning a month or so before or happened.
Not quite. WoD bumped it from the 6-ish million and then it dropped to pre-WoD levels after.
Right, it's clear that guns are what saved the day here.
&gt; I don't have to justifymy baseless accusations, just look it up yourself.
Apparently that many people haven't been burned by Tim Schaefer's atrocious record in recent years for unfinished product.
I did something similar, but much more effective with Order of the Penitent Cavalier tying people up. Why bother doing damage when a sturdy rope can permanently remove them from combat regardless of their HP?
Read up on Tucker's Kobolds. They'll think it's a combat encounter, but in reality it'll be an escape scene.
What would you call a machine with manipulators, sensors, and less than 3 degree of freedom?
Netflix (out those they're beholden to) just started an arms race that they will lose.
Why exactly? I don't see anything wrong with the video.
Not if you already plan to buy in that quantity.
Alright, I guess art is done. No one make art anymore because there's even less money than there was before.
I like it. However, I'd drop the Majora's Mask sound effect. As this mostly appeals to hardcore fans, this is a little jarring.
No. This would fall under the same non-loophole as "you can't search my purse because this isn't my purse" argument.
The part where it says "This Winter"
We "rob" people to pay for firefighters to put out house fires they start themselves. Perhaps we should privatize fire departments and have people buy fire insurance. I'm sorry sir, that hydrant is out of network. Here's your bill.
A properly dust filtered PC that's opening for cleaning on a regular basis should never be dusty. My build in an NZXT H440 rarely gets dusty enough to notice due to monthly blowouts with compressed air and annual rebuild.
That's how we deal with someone who presents facts that refute our opinions? Show them the door? That's just shameful.
I suppose my question is: Is there something you feel *has* to be in this game? Something so essential to the idea of prepping that you'd feel incomplete without its inclusion?
Vortex Frozen Molten Jailer Your akarats is on CD. RIP
News flash. Literally everything everyone does is selfish. Everything you or I do is because it makes us happy in some way. Polyamory is no more selfish than any other relationship model.
You need to learn to read the code within the code.
How is it selfish with Children? Can you point to any scientific literature that shows Poly to be harmful to children?
Precisely. Once you have boon and Custerian cubed, you level many many times faster. Plus, the extra gold from simply having it socketed is great.
Rather, is only a benefit to those who can afford a lawyer to go over the contract.
Because a contract is more easily exploited if one party is more informed than another.
I just assume that all "leaks" are really just press releases meant to garner extra interest because it's a "leak".
&gt; Higher earners as in a families who makes more than $90'000. Wrong. The new tax structure only raises taxes on those making over $200k/yr &gt; How is that big earners and how is that going to help the economy? Poorer families spend a larger percentage of their monthly income. More spending means stronger economy. &gt; How do child bennifits create more jobs? Allowing poorer families to get back to work stimulates the economy and creating a market for daycares as well.
Yeah, if one of my workers comes to me about something making them feel shitty, I'm going to work with them to figure it out. You know, because I'm not a total ass and it's okay to come to your boss with problems. I get that it's funny, but mental health ain't no joke with so many vets going into trades.
Probably regulated by the pickup location
Start with a podcast called Fear the Boot. The first 20 or so episodes will equip you with the basic knowledge you'll need for gming. Rules will come later, but FtB is invaluable for getting the nuances right.
I'm genuinely curious too. It you want to be taken seriously, you need to respond with more than just "Google it".
Where do you find that text about the star map on the spirit companion?
No, that wouldn't work. The class granting the spell is still an arcane class.
I wonder if that would qualify for the "can see the night sky" requirement for certain effects.
I used to work sales, and all our custom servers were stress tested overnight before going out the door.
Let me put it this way: If your truck breaks down and your mechanic says it's because you need a new alternator and your dentist says you need a new muffler, who do you believe? If you have stomach pains and your doctor says it's an ulcer, but your grocery bagger says it's irritable bowel syndrome, who do you believe? You probably answered mechanic and doctor, because you want to talk to those most knowledgeable on the topic. You take the advice of those trained to understand the nuances of complicated systems. When it comes to climate change, [the overwhelming percentage of scientists agree on a few points](https://scholar.google.ca/scholar?hl=en&amp;q=climate+change+consensus&amp;btnG=&amp;as_sdt=1%2C5&amp;as_sdtp=). We should listen to their conclusions because they are the only ones who have the decades of training, education, and experience to analyze the mountains of data available. To disagree with them is the ultimate in hubris. Anyone who thinks they know more about a field than the majority of PhD holders in that field is suffering from some sort of delusion.
I'm sorry, how is that relevant?
Ah, the corruption angle. Tell me, who do you think has more to lose when it comes to climate, a few thousand scientists fighting for 5 figure grants or the multi-**tri**llion dollar oil industry. Who has more money to buyout politicians and create a [misinformation campaign](http://www.theguardian.com/environment/2015/jul/08/exxon-climate-change-1981-climate-denier-funding) in an attempt to discredit their opposition? Edit: and also keep in mind that the climate change consensus is that humans are causing a rapid, unnatural rise in temperature across the globe that is likely to have catastrophic effects on many facets of our life.
The oil companies. As long as public conscience doesn't move towards conservation, they can continue to profit from the consumption of fossil fuels. There won't be a consumer demand for more efficient vehicles and taxes on pollutants.
And it's the science-denying pro-business political right that has been accelerating these processes. It's the environmentally conscious political left that wants to conserve as much as possible.
It's voters like me that push for *legislation* that changes our direction. Massive strides have been taken in many countries towards reducing emissions and getting on renewables. Look at many countries in Europe that are mostly or entirely using renewables. That's a goal we can strive for. Yes, I could make radical changes to my life to reduce my personal impact, but that's just a drop in the bucket. We need to make changes at he organizational level to see meaningful reductions.
It's clear you've gone from civil debate to baseless ranting and accusation. This conversation is over.
Then who do you propose we trust when it comes to analyzing the mountains of data available?
I'd say disable device could work as well. Open locks if were playing 2e
&gt; sue for murder /r/thathappened
I don't doubt the death happened. You just don't sue for murder. The case was probably because there was no criminal case. The lawsuit was a tactic to gather evidence for the criminal case that the DA obviously felt wasn't worth pursuing.
Did I ever say it didn't? Just that you can't sue for "murder". They were probably suing due to some result of the murder like pain and anguish, but not for the murder itself. There's a difference between civil and criminal court, and murder is very solidly in the purview of criminal.
I think it's an important part of the story. Saying the parents "sued for murder" makes them sound like grief-stricken idiots who don't understand how the courts work. Saying that they sued in order to discover evidence relating to the murder even though the suit had no chance of success just for the sake of getting justice for their son is much more compelling.
I could also see him as a debuff support with lifesteal. Seems very warlocky to me.
But that's a good thing. Players like the feeling of "solving" or "beating" the game world.
But at the same time, we need to do something about shoring up wages so companies like Wally Mart can't continue to subsidize their profits through the taxpayers.
Actually you make a good point. There is much less incentive to accept atrociously low wages when you can literally do nothing and get more.
Not to mention that when upgrading a few years down the line, slapping in a new GPU is far easier and cheaper than getting a new CPU, motherboard, and possibly RAM.
For a very long time pre-cube era, Pox Faulds were my thing. They were 3 levels below cap, but I still loved my "fart pants" anyways.
He just asked a question. Calm the fuck down with the downvotes people.
Doom 4 Because I spent years of my youth and adult life playing and replaying Doom 1 and 2. I still sometimes hear the hssh-thump hssh-thump of the Cyberdemon in my sleep.
That's miles away from the sort of coercion that violates consent.
And don't forget that the correct treatment for gender dysphoria, a real mental disorder, is to act your preferred gender.
This may seem like I'm joking, but I'm really not: All Wizards, and one Cleric. At low levels they'll probably struggle, but once you hit 3rd level spells it'll be a cakewalk. There's no obstacle that a spell can't overcome better than the mundane equivalent.
Your issue is almost certainly graphics related. First things first, try replacing the video cable. Second, try a different monitor. Third, replace the graphics card. Given my experience with troubleshooting it's probably the third option, but you want to try the least expensive options first.
Evidence?
The top comment debunks your entire post.
Way to present a binary choice when the reality is a spectrum of choices, and the person you replied to obviously choose a place on that spectrum other than what you presented. But to answer your question, I only have to say one thing: de_dust
But if the quality is high enough, people are willing to play only a single map and game mode, ie de_dust
Not to mention that any sort of legislation put forward by a politician that does limit police powers immediately gets them the "soft on crime" label and severely damages their chance at re-election.
I can say with certainty that it will work. That motherboard takes DDR3 RAM. However, your motherboard will likely downclock your RAM to 1333 or 1600. If you want to get full speed out of it (though you likely won't need to for gaming) double check the speed is set to 1866. You'll have to check your motherboard manual for how to do that.
Both your graphics card and processor are fairly weak. RAM is fine, so no need to touch that. What's your budget for upgrading?
Eh, I'm in Canada. I understand it's illegal, but I'm more than willing to pay $45/yr for a VPN and steal it than pay the ludicrous amount required to watch it legally here. HBO is losing money to VPN.ht because Bell is inflexible with their viewing options. Would I pay $15/mo for HBO NOW? You betcha. Too bad I can only watch it if I subscribe to Bell's cable package for a minimum of $60, another $20 for their movie package, and another $8 for Crave TV. That's $88 they want just for Game of Thrones. No thanks, I'll stick to piracy.
Underneath bridges is a good place to find those as well.
&gt;If people think it's trash, they should go make a better movie themselves. I have no qualms with your previous paragraph, but this is a shit argument and always has been. You're not allowed to silence criticism just because the critic isn't capable of personally creating higher quality content.
Yes! I had to explain to a Raynor who thought "stalling" the enemies finishing off their immoral 1v4 was useful. Thankfully he was receptive when I explained that letting them get the immortal was better than letting them get a free kill and the immortal 3 seconds later.
They're more than one degree to the left of the PCs. It's he most heinous crime.
Precisely. The PCs lost their seat due to some epically disastrous campaign optics, and the NDP is stuck cleaning up the mess of a bust left by a mismanaged oil boom.
As a riser to get over the iron behind it.
&gt; This looks like utter crap, but supposedly you can do this and supposedly it's to code. I've always been interested in whether or not it actually is to code. Does anyone know if this is code or not? Code is very vague on what "secured" means. I imagine this would be inspector's preference. &gt; Sometimes you have to put pipe in the way. I mean, obviously no one wants to do this, but what's on the other side of that LB? I know I've rarely had to put conduit in the way like this just because all other options would be impossible or expensive to implement, but maybe I'm not seeing a really obvious way this could be ran? It looks like a rarely traveled crawl space, it's not like it's a catwalk at a refinery. Without seeing the other side it's hard to tell. However a few meters away is 2 feet of dropped ceiling. He could have easily ran it down next to the walkway and 90'd over to the wall. All I know is the customer mandated that none of our boxes lan on the walkway. &gt; I don't see the issue here. Thinks like that just happen in installation. Is it because the section of pipe is too short? That happens. Or maybe because the set screws are covered up by the pipe below? That happens too and you can easily loosen those set screws with Channies. Set screws not tight? Nothing specifically wrong. Two couplings just look like shit next to each other like that.
I don't want to get any more specific than "Alberta".
Or the more likely scenario: price raise only very marginally because people aren't willing to pay for a $10 big mac. Rising minimum wage won't change what people are willing to pay, regardless of the competition.
Remember, the only right way to play is to have fun.
There are quite a few heroes like that. TLV, Murky, and Medivh I think are the biggest offenders. Downright devastating in the right team composition and with players that can leverage their strengths, but useless otherwise. I call myself a Murky main (though I do use meta heroes as well). I've noticed that he stomps in Silver, sucks balls in gold, and is starting to get better in plat. Silvers can't deal with the split push, golds yolo into fights and die too much for Murky to get value, and plats+ actually start know how to poke and disengage.
