I think the original post is somewhat deranged but raises enough points to be worth a serious answer Firstly, most of the people identified as such when they took the UK further into the EU, were doing it because it was an easy way to get change they wanted to see. EG, Tony Blair, with the Maastricht treaty social chapters, Human Rights Act, etc Going back earlier, in the 1980s one of the basic principles in favour of joining the ERM at a high exchange rate was that it put pressure on the private sector to curb price inflation (inflation and exchange rates are mutually interlinked, if you lock the exchange rate you can't devalue through inflation and have to control inflation instead) would you call Mrs.Thatcher a Euro-federalist? Defining characteristics that make these people non-federalist are their love of power, their desire to keep passing laws locally and telling people what to do. True federalists would realise their position as MPs is untenable unless they resolve not to use their powers Then.. there are the minority, the true federalists. People like me. I'm 37 years old. I've never been on a battlefield defending the sanctity of my nation's borders against invading armies. I've never needed to. Nor has my father.. although my grandparents fought. There was a major war in Western Europe more or less every 40 years from the era of the Roman Republic to 1945. One of the reasons I attribute to it having stopped is that when European nations have true freedom of action and policy, they invariably end up misaligned with their neighbouring states to such an extent that only war can resolve the differences. The Treaty of Rome stopped that, dead And millions live today who otherwise might not. The EU is often ridiculous, obstructive, inefficient, corrupt, silly, contradictory. And I am constantly glad of it A battlefield is a whole lower level of corruption and degradation. I don't expect many of you to agree. I will not respond to any replies to this posting, I feel I've said my bit.
No, its just feeling let down.
*^dogfish
I am seeing disturbing* crossover imagery from Woman In Love and LoTR now. *To me. It'd certainly appeal to some and good for them. BRB, off to poke out my mind's eye with a pencil
Or a chinese thing. In pancakes
&gt;How did a crab kill your mom? Well executed pincer movement
&gt; then who am I to say otherwise. Think you've pretty much nailed it there. I see it differently to what follows those words, but essentially you and i see the same.
well, that's a pane
Northern Ireland.it just screams prejudice
Accountant here: The next decade for me would be ten years of highly profitable consulting work on rebuilding credit ledgers from old printouts, backups and mail archives. Most of the companies I am familiar with would survive this event untarnished after some work
No, he sent his grandmother to research him
Yes. I've always run family cars, since I was 18, for exactly this reason. One of the cheapest cars for a 17 year old to insure is a Volvo 940 2.3 litre turbo. Which is a truly great comfortable fast car with an 'image' that makes insurance salespersons sleep well at night.
So, BJU Sucks
I buy Denso plugs for my car via Amazon, for 30% of what they cost in the store.
It was the day that serving staff circulated their boxes - which were money-boxes to collect tips on an annual basis Anyone who provided a service - milk-deliverers, grocers boys, maids, would take part. Those they provided a service to would contribute.
It would be very hard to quantify - because even a percentage isnt easy to compare (a minimum wage worker would notice 10% going to charity more than an investment banker would) I try to do it based on a low level of charity direct debits and a periodic cash-in-my-hand basis - every couple of weeks if I see a charity collector I like, I give them the entire cash contents of my wallet, the logic being its not enough to break my cashflow but it is enough that I notice the lack of it. If possible, try to remember the charities you really like in your Last Will &amp; Testament. That way you can correct any self-perceived shortfall in your contribution to the betterment of the world
That's somehow undermined by the fact that Maj. Helstrom willingly sits down next to an armed Stiglitz - a career-ending move in most circumstances.
It's happened to me twice now. Neither posts were anywhere close to what I thought were my best contributions (most of which rarely even get a point) 1) Explained the tax effects of use of an ISA for savings &amp; investments under UK law 2) Made a pun about Michelin Stars in reply to someone who suggested eating a car tyre (tire)
if it was ten seconds pumping, thats a gallon of petrol, maybe a gallon and a half. You could have continued filling the tank with premium diesel, driven fast for fifty miles, filled the tank again with diesel and forgotten all about it. Concentration would be well below the point it causes issues (pre modern injection pumps and common-rail, the owners manuals for diesels recommended putting in a gallon of petrol to every tank in cold winter periods to prevent the fuel solidifying)
In the UK, as recently as the early 1990s you could buy petrol by star ratings, 4-star was generally reckoned best , equivalent to modern premium.. but lower ratings also existed. 3-star and 2-star for low efficiency engines, mopeds, etc Is is possible your Camry was specced for regular fuel at a time that sub-regular fuel was also available in some markets it was sold in? IE, they werent prepared to guarantee optimum performance on 88-RON but would on 95-RON ?
"It's a substantial snack. Don't knock it"
if they could state that debt as a proportion of GDP had fallen (arguably a more relevant statistic - think of it as credit card balance versus paycheck size) I might overlook the absolute terms growth Sadly, it hasn't. The graph I found had estimates for 2012 to present and on the basis of that questionable information it appears that the rate of debt growth as % of GDP has reduced. I can't argue with the logic of only spending what you can afford - its what I try to do.
Justifies it nicely though doesn't it. I think most of us would live with killing an armed man who threatened us - if it was someone who actually dropped the hammer, that makes it a hell of a lot easier.
Here speaks a man who can't understand how much air exists within a floor of a large skyscraper - or the immense sideways pressure that air exerts as the floor that stood 25 feet tall is crushed to absolute flat in the space of a single second
if you read to the bottom, these questions have been answered in this thread by the mod team. One individual was banned for racism*, others had temp bans which now expired, and it seems at least one was a victim of a miscarriage of modjustice and has been restored with an apology *seems to be a regular kipper theme, sadly. Freedom of speech only goes so far.
Its probably more to do with "marginal propensity to consume" On a broad scale more people buying stuff means economic growth - but the increase in consumption has to be within the ability of the economy to grow to provide it, else you just get inflation. If a person spends 95% of their income, when you give them a pay rise they are likely to spend the extra money - as its likely they normally live under some constraints, and have to do without. A wealthy person spending 50% of their income is more likely to bank the extra cash. the Tory counter-argument (for balance) is that funding for starting businesses comes from the richer proportion - either by their investing in share subscriptions or by banks intermediating their deposit balances into loans for industry - and without that capital investment growth is restrained. They would also point out that many 'richer' people live a lifestyle that reflects their ability to buy luxury goods, and that they dont save as much as they should and as a result, the marginal propensity argument is iffy
We took big pre orders for a device that might be called a gamebox or an xstation or something. The makers - sonysoft or microny - then said we had to get all our pre orders to buy games as well as the console.. Or they wouldn't fulfill our order When we told them, half of them demanded we refund their deposits. That Cashflow hit killed us stone dead. It was an outright breach of contract but we didn't have enough cash left to sue them
Cars. Buy them with 80000 miles on the odometer for a fraction of the new price when they are only half way through their service life
You can derive information about inputs to a situation from the outputs from it. Known outputs: British moslems are fighting for ISIS abroad, other British moslems have been arrested while attempting to leave for ISIS, more have been arrested for attempting to send money to ISIS Likely cause of these events: That some British moslems are in favour of the political-religious theories expounded by ISIS derived information: A population of ISIS supporters exists within British islam. With accurate information about how many of them leave for ISIS or try to, you could estimate the size of the pool of believers by making some assumptions about the proportion of those who believe, who are moved to act It must be fairly significant though
I'm not aligned with his politics but bizarrely always rather respected Hague, because he actually talks and disregards his own mannerisms and vocal ticks, rather than speaking waffle in an impressive fashion There's an honesty in it. Or, if I'm wrong, then he's much more talented than I give credit for
&gt; Put a cat and an equal weight anything else in a room "This is a 4kg bomb"
But you should see him paint (Three rooms, two coats, in one night!)
In seriousness, I understand the target market is young black men and, apparently, me (late-30s English accountant)
I'd appreciate context from anyone active in the 70s gay scene as to whether this would be thought of as moderate speech at the time
if we equated projection of control areas to government, you guys would be well on top. But being a dominant power over sovereign territory you dont govern doesnt count
Mass hysteria, same causes fainting fits in single-sex schools. Not uncommon.
It's a myth. Doesn't exist. Used as an excuse by the parents of feral children
They got through 6 child actors while producing the Flipper series of films
typical bull shit
It is an offence of note
He would probably note that your reaction justifies some of his prejudice.. You are however right that barring true extremes it is folly to refuse to hear the words of one who would debate.
OK, fair enough. Thats the best argument in favour of an end to government 'recognition' of marriage, and equality of unmarried and married people under the law. But on a lighter note, any asexual who is getting shafted is possibly not very good at it.
"It wasn't just the jews. 4 loyal Germans died in the camp too - their guard-tower collapsed in a storm"
Stand Your Ground! No tree will perilously elevate American felines Speak to your senator about the right to bear anti-arboreal artillery
even short people need to come out of their shell
I've lived in shared homes for 9 years now. I'd say - talk to the people you would be living with. This is a commitment similar in scope to a job interview so be careful If you dont feel you can trust them, it isnt going to work. If you do - then someone opens an extra account, collects payments in there, has bills paid from there, presents accounts to the others periodically
My 70s Triumph singlespeed (convreted - was a 3-speed) cruiser is difficult to ride no-hands. Something about the tyre profile makes it twitchy. Tremendously controllable once I got the knack but took over a year of regular riding it before I was confident to take both hands off. And that at a time I could go for miles on an MTB without touching the handles....
Get sharp tools, cut into small pieces, trickle it out via the normal refuse collection. A friend of mine had a disused mobile home (big caravan style, not a motorhome) taken away by the council bin-men over the space of 3 months by cutting it into strips with an angle grinder and a power saw and inserting into his usual rubbish.
It may be worth re-posting this question into one of the LGBT sub-reddits - users there might be better informed on the specific services available to young LGBT peeps when endangered by their family Good luck.
Confusion is good. "Its time for business, if you'll pardon the pun" While they ponder the words and look for the pun, batter their face in with an iron bar
if you have plenty time (and tools) but no money, and you think you should get better value from your council tax, its a valid possibility.
Its not USB, it's HDMI
On my vintage bicycle with slim tyres, it is a godsend. Has got me home so many times when otherwise I'd have gone flat miles from home. Wouldnt put it in a car though for fear of unbalancing the wheel
Look at the sky at night. You can detect where German cars congregate from the orange glow
User Turborg referred to the photoreconnaissance dummy armies of WW2 - one of two things I came here to mention. The other is the Pas-de-Calais invasion. Allied forces took advantage of the temporary disgrace of General George S.Patton after an incident in his camp, to send him on observation missions and tours that were deliberately not secret enough German intelligence believed - as was intended - that a genuinely talented General would not be excluded from the invasion plans, and as such the Normandy landings were a distraction. They concentrated their forces way north of the invasion that was in progress, awaiting a 2nd landing, by a ghost army that would never come. This probably saved tens of thousands of lives on both sides, and equal numbers of French civilians, by reducing the scale of the initial conflicts
Mighty Car Mods. Epic.
Ex auditor here. My old profession is a joke.
TIL that factoid doesnt mean what I thought it did - I thought the point, and nature, of factoids was that they were true but devoid of context - which does seem to apply to all the items mentioned in that article I might have issues with the narrative they try to portray but all of them seemed to be correct
I came here hoping for someone else to have raised this subject. I figure, if you are offending both sides of an argument, you are doing something right. I will defend the Qu'ran to the end, it is a truly great piece of literature, one of the defining pieces of thought that formed the modern world I will never stop criticising the underlying corruption in Islamic society that uses absolute compliance with the Word to justify its prejudicial and inegalitarian actions - nor will I stop criticising the great bulk who do not speak or act for fear of being branded heretical. Every religious book has bad things in it. It is the choice of every modern religion to adhere to the word or the spirit, or just to reinterpret.
Quite good for roasting with though
1) Banks are stress-tested regularly now and all in pretty good shape. Better defended now than they have ever been 2) House prices over 50 years have averaged a rise in line with inflation. The overpriced perception is a relict of the underpricing we got used to a few decades back 3) the dead wood has been shaken out, the economy is growing 4) Debt to GDP in UK is good compared to many EU nations, and although high (approx 90% when 60% is often quoted as an ideal max) is not out of line with historical norms for a lot of fairly healthy economies. Every point you made is both arguable and in my opinion not a fact, and not true.
I do it with a spreadsheet - well actually its one tab of a spreadsheet that tracks all my balances, but it saved the trouble of finding an account that did it for me. For the record, my splits were : Car tax, Car Ins, New Car, House Deposit, Emergency Fund
cemantics too (or is that CEM antics...)
I love the detailed responses you can get on reddit when you bring up something arcane - great post, thanks
I have been thinking about this UAV all day and I must admit I'm pretty impressed at the work. An automated flight across several states must have crossed some pretty high hills and had to think about altitude and avoiding airports where it would be spotted by Radar. Do you reckon it was a proving run for a drug delivery vehicle? I mean something like that could deliver weed from say Amsterdam to London or even Dublin, or south american drugs from Ciudad Juarez as far into the USA as Oklahoma City or Las Vegas (Yes I have just been stretching my fingers across google maps for distance, not having a large enough banana to use as a scale)
It probably went straight through their chairs. The metal frames would carry a lot of current, and because the people sitting on them were at the same electrical potential as the floor but represented a higher resistance routing, they wouldnt have experienced any current flow through them
In my mind I'm seeing Goering apologising to Hitler for the potato quality
It is a matter of fact that a puma was captured alive in Scotland in 1980.
Meesa do verbal equivalent of putting on blackface, Massa Jedi...
One thing almost as bad as electronic dipstick is the combined dipstick and oil filler on my Saab.
Those florida guys, diving in to wrestle with sharks...
dangling from the tree, 12 feet up....
anyone sensible doing this would ensure the first draw was of multiple lines. then you only have to go back a few stages if you get a breakage
I wouldn't do it if I were you. They could be anyone
I tend to trust the person who told me this, but not to the extent I'd call a Swiss citizen a liar over it ! I'm wondering if it was some sort of local byelaw or even a residents association rule in an apartment block. I dont know any of the details, its just an anecdote that seemed believable but surprising enough to share.
But dick wouldnt come to mean penis until the 20th century. Shakespeare spelt most names phonetically - everyone did in the 15th century. Hence Captain Llewellyn in Henry V is written as Captain Fluellen in order to get an approximately correct pronounciation of a Welsh name Benedict means Blessing - however its spelt.
Its a higher quality of prank too. I love the thought that went into this
fiction, right?
They got the mustard out!
Based in Zurich?
I think the shares are cheaper now than they will be in spring with discounts. Crazily underpriced. Lloyd's will announce their interim dividend before the spring sell off and I expect the price to rise from 69p as it was yesterday to the mid 80s. Edit- 2. The ex dividend date is in April too and I want that dividend.
good luck
I can read that sentence so many ways. All of them disturbing
I'm guessing at that sort of CCA it's either a V8 or a big diesel? Mine's a 4-cyl Saab (2.0 litres displacement)
Its just his job 5 days a week?
I think I'd rather have public policy made by those who doubt themselves than by those with complete self-confidence. Epic reply, thank you - very interesting
Can confirm, the syringe isnt anywhere near as bad as toothache....
electric city buses worked using trolley-poles with bobbins on the end that ran along 2 parallel wires over the road. I expect if history had continued along similar lines there'd have been recharging rails on the streets for cars in busy areas or long highways (long trolley poles would be impractical on a car..)
Keeping loans going is bad finance habit. Take it from someone who took out a 3 year bank loan to buy a car that had 2 years of life left. No good outcome comes of this. You have effective equity of about £1500. Actualise it. Then start again. It strikes me that you can't really afford new cars if you think in these terms At the risk of repeating a UKPF trope - have you considered a £5K or £3K car?
How did you even notice that?
Kinda looks like we're temporarily f*cked now doesnt it? I'm going to keep buying LLOY but after todays news I'm going to restrict my buying program and put more cash into P2P investments instead until I see some signs of a turnaround
It also saves 4 of the principal stars in the closing moments of the film!
if muff is measured by the ton something's gone weird
Not sure that actually happened. Given that nobody has died as a result of the Fukushima reactor crisis.
If you buy a VW made after 2000 you deserve everything you get... Junk.
I havent travelled enough to have a view on this but one place keeps being mentioned by people I consider to be widely travelled: Pakistan - apparently it just feels unsafe, ramshackle, shoddy and uncultured, most especially to female travellers.
Any railway which is central to the platform is headed for a pretty messy crash
I was unaware of the withdrawal of Crown preference - thanks for that
or stockholm syndrome, if it was a tumour
Came here to say that. Its something about care for the perceived vulnerable Some people swear that their cats or dogs are better judges of human character than they are
My computer often contained highly confidential transfer pricing data People broke into my office and stole it 3 times in 5 years. Consumer goods importing firm in the EU
Eating a macaroon. Seems its to be death by coconut for me. Uh-oh
Also think of this. Zero-percent interest credit loans exist. If you have cash in a deposit account earning interest, and you can get something you want on 0% interest loans, why wouldnt you take the loan? then you earn some interest on your cash before paying the debt. Sometimes its worthwhile for a person of positive net worth to also have debts.
RAF Lancaster crews used their microwave radios to warm up food during ww2
I can't be 100% certain but it seems to be . just in Iraq a quarter of a million civilians died. It's been unlikely there have ever been more than 10000 active terrorists over the last 15 years.
If you think your nephew's mad, consider the neighbour's cat..
That's the Swiss for you. Raising the standard of healthcare (edit - too obscure a pun it seems)
For a threatening thing that follows you around, I think Douglas Adams nailed it. I fear the silently-arriving soft drinks vending machine
I have slightly over £6K in FC* - all in A+, A and B -rated loans. Been investing in there to some degree for 18 months. No defaults so far. Placing more than a few hundred pounds by autobid can take a while but its much quicker to leave autobid enabled but also scour the 'loan parts' secondary market for loan parts matching your requirements. advisable not to lend too much per loan to get better diversification. In advanced settings in the secondary market you can set restrictions on the markup you are willing to pay (I never pay markups - I buy loan parts at par or not at all) and whether you want to see loan parts from businesses you already loaned to. Fairly impressed. Looking forward to the ISA (*£2K of my own money, £4K borrowed on a 32-month cash transfer credit card - the difference between the total cost of the loan and the total return achievable through FC made it worthwhile)
If I ever have a house on top of a big hill I am going to always have a bike with no brakes insecurely stored nearby. It'll be my contribution to crimefighting
Thanks for that. I did look into SIPPs at the same time as I first set up a S&amp;S ISA and at that time the fee structures looked pretty unfavourable compared to ISAs. I'll look again as it could be things have moved on....
OK, if i'd known about Bestinvest I'd have been ahead of the game for longer 0.3% charge on the first quarter million GBP, 0.2% on the next 3/4mil, no charges beyond that except a £210 exit fee (£175+vat) and £7.50 charges for buy/sell operations? I wish I could get an S&amp;S ISA that good It looks like if I moved my Scottish Widows stakeholder pension into there and put some Vanguard or similar low-fee funds in, I could save a few hundred quid a year in fees.... The only thing that concerns me is all the drawdown fees, etc. And thats mainly because I dont know how to compare them to the other funds I already have. I guess overall its probably still less fees in total and it is better to pay the fees at the end of the pension saving than at the beginning, for compound interest reasons?
On the flipside, the numbers I used were net of the government top-up of a full 25% on funds paid in. I excluded it as I am not willing to assume it'll always be available..... If I'd included the 20% tax rebate (which is 25% of amount contributed to make it up to a hypothetical 100% before 20% tax deducted) to the pension fund on every contribution, then on paying in £10K then £50/mo the actual fund after 45 years would be £238000 at 5% avg growth
I could tell you, but then I realised that about a hundred other people already have on this thread
No worries - but remember that /u/sometimesihelp 's comments are very valid points! The biggest downside of pension investment is you wont be able to access the money for a very long time and the tax structure at the time will be at the mercy of future Chancellors of the Exchequer
Without doubt yes and the record of prosecutions is proof of such. There were both English and Scottish activist supporters of the IRA
I don't have as much savings as you do, and Virgin Money gave me a 32-mo cash transfer card with an £11K limit recently - and only 1.69% one off fee for transferring cash I used it to invest in Fundingcircle (likely return 6 to 7%) but could as easily have used it for a car. they didnt ask what it was for.
Something tells me you know nothing about accountancy! As someone who does, let me tell you that 90-95% of all accounting practices are used by all accountants anywhere on earth. I work with several accountants from places that might be called third world. All are capable of anything an EU-national accountant is, once the communication difficulties are got past. Payroll compliance, tax regimes and reporting regulations are the only significant areas of divergence. Architecture is principally concerned with implementing the laws of physics and surprisingly, this also means its done exactly the same everywhere. Pretty sure the winner of last year's RIBA annual award was middle-eastern in fact.
According to other posts you have made.... you are old enough to remember the JFK Assassination, your father is Catalan from the Basque country in Spain, and you are still dating hot guys... If you want to live a lie, at least be consistent
Wasnt this an original Mark Twain (SL Clemens) quote?
You have more balls than I do then
and in Newcastle they say Doo doo dodee's inclimmin wivva
One does not simply walk into Mordor Faire.
I bought another £100 of LLOY today. Finally got my average cost per share down below £0.80 (psychologically it feels good if avg cost is falling as I am still confident of this stock recovering to 90p+ Osborne announced to all those of us who had signed up for the government share issue in Lloyds that it wont happen yet - why would I care? I got a lower cost per share on the open market today than he intends to offer even with the discount.
If anything the govt came off well today - by delaying the privatisation of Lloyds it showed more interest in good economics than in political ideals I was on the waiting list to buy some of the govt's shares but in the end I bought some on the open market today for less
&gt;he admitted that trying to catch a 250-pound animal using a towel might not have been the best idea. From the article. As a Brit I love irony, always jarring to see it in the American media
Oh great. More carping about ancient history. Upon my sole...
This is known. They just are not quite so thorough about it.
don't need to diet. Source: am 30's guy, can confirm.
I just switched my main ISA from Virgin money tracking the FTSE250 to Hargreaves Lansdown, with most of the funds going on Vanguard Lifestrategy 80 - the reason being that it diversifies me beyond just UK businesses
I can understand it to an extent - nations are built on their history America was the big empty place - it bred self-reliance and responsibility because in the big expanses, there would be nobody to rely on if you had troubles. People gained self-respect by not relying on others and came to see that as a virtue. I guess as a more religious society as well - the bible says that God loves a cheerful giver - there was some argument that compulsory social support taxes robbed the taxpayer of the moral benefits of giving. We Europeans are too used to being an urban society where rights and duties flowed freely.
That's a very incontinent way of seeing it
I trust you will always remember this as the day you nearly saw Captain Black Sparra
Male user here. Did you think that posting here required comments? Its interesting, I didn't... I've posted on here twice, the first time I got told I was fat by some guy, then defended by another, the second posting got no replies but one private message. My objective in posting both times was to add to the 'normal people with unspectacular bodies can go naked too' ethos of this sub. But then I'm not in the USA so if I was using these forums to cruise for encounters I'd have a pretty unsuccessful time of it!! I'm probably relatively unusual in that I used my main reddit identity to post here too, so you neednt assume I'm a representative sample I do agree with the OP that there's a small risk of this subreddit becoming /gonewild for those who don't quite like the competition on the real /gonewild, I think the larger risk to this subreddit's reputation is the private messages a lot of female posters report receiving - but with a semi-open system like reddit thats hard to work around
Implying that a brexit vote is courageous makes cowards of those who would vote to maintain a constitutional arrangement they are comfortable with. A poor argument as many responses might be posed along the lines of refusing to flee from something being equally brave. Maybe the real courage comes with bringing forward new ideas for Europe's future and finding consensus among sceptical partners.
Unless he's already saved the purchase price. That situation would be gravy for the lucky, but hardly an idea with broad support
Well we call them launderettes, for a start. OP presumably a visiting American.
Clams had nothing to do with what happened to their partners
In the last few months - since Mighty Car Mods bought a Saab as a project car - I'm suddenly being waved at by people in JDM performance cars Which is unexpected.
but man-dates are not allowed under that same law
Watford to Aberdeen on a friday afternoon is one I used to do regularly, would usually take between 11 and 13 hours. I wouldnt willingly drive further without a break for the night.
eBay. Vintage pine is underappreciated by the secondhand market, all the furniture I own is now in matching materials and style through just 3 months careful watching and bidding. It has wildly varying age - I am pretty sure my chest of drawers is at least 200 years older than my desk (handmade screws, and the drawers are all individually sized)- but all matches perfectly. I didnt spend more than £70 on any individual item
It even sounds like the person with naming rights wanted to get the boot in first on the little tards.
While i may have criticism of some users, none is aimed at the way you run this sub. You do a good job and its appreciated
Basically its a Veccy, they ride well, fairly good build quality, and somewhat improved by Saab in terms of electrics, bodywork and interiors. The diesels have a fresh-from-vauxhall GM unit that slightly prone to sludging so it needs regular oil changes and care, the petrol engines are highly strung but solid and powerful. They have a design history going back something like 30 years and if well maintained they have block lifespans comparable to a proper Volvo, not your faux-Ford heap of sh*t V50 - IE, 200000 to 300000 miles Most of the electric stuff in my 900 is off-the-shelf Bosch parts. Vectras have been in production for a long time and all the shared parts - of which there are many - are exceptionally easily available
I would say, think of the timings of costs. I used to be bad with money and my solution was to open a 2nd bank account. If car tax costs £240 for a year, then I pay £20 a month into that account just for car tax. Insurance, £600 - £50 a month just for that. Assume the car needs replacing in 3 years, cost of replacement, £1000 - add an extra £28 a month.. I dont recommend getting into paying for car tax and insurance by direct debit. It costs more and gives you less financial flexibility - if you do it my way, you have to pay the first year upfront but after that you're in credit and can earn interest on the balance if you pick well. Basically I turned the costs into a regular monthly amount that I had to be able to pay into that 2nd bank acct and not spend on anything else - if I was ever unable to do it, I'd know immediately I couldnt afford to keep driving and I'd have time to sort things out.. The first year of this was hard.... the 2nd year was very easy as the two big hits of car tax and insurance were all saved up for when due. Also think about the annual MOT - its not that much but if things need fixing its better to have a bit aside for that
Others have given the best suggestions for the first things to check already (the alternator should be producing enough power and the switch itself shouldnt have a short circuit). I think you should also check the wiring loom to see if two or more wires have become trapped by the steering column or by a removed-and-refitted access panel. Plausibly the current intended for the indicators is being accidentally re-routed to ground, that would cause exactly those symptoms as it'd make the voltage on the entire interior loom unstable Also check the grommet where the loom passes through the firewall - if the vehicle has power cables added for an uprated amp they could have displaced another wire to rub against the metal frame of the vehicle. Which would only happen after months of wear stripped away the coating.
When I see a girl with moles like yours I think 'I hope she gets them checked by a doctor every so often to ensure they aren't growing' Doesnt affect my attraction in any way Edit. Thanks to whoever down voted me. My advice saves lives from skin cancer, dont be a prick just because it's out of place in this sub.
I initially interpreted this the wrong way and saw in my mind the most fabulous camp site (pun?) imaginable. Then realised you meant a grim place where people are forced to act straight.
It is no harder to poach a rhino than it is to poach an egg, given a sufficiently large pan. Giraffes sleep with their necks curled up Bears in a remote area of America discovered fire in the late 1990s and lost the art 3 years later when the last of the newly recognised sub-specie Ursus Ignis was killed in a forest fire.
Report him to the police. He has committed a criminal offence by opening your mail
Postal services act 2000
often requires a deep socket to get a plug out
Spark plugs are always the first thing to change when you have a bad start, as the cost is so minimal and you can both buy the tools to do it and the parts and do it at home for less than the cost of paying someone to do it The stop-light thing could be a dirty idle engine speed control valve. MAP is a Manifold Absolute Pressure sensor, it and a MAF are different things but do similar things! Try unplugging whichever you have and then start, the car should default to standard settings
Been doing London UK ride as a lone male since 2011, never had any problems, when you get there and everyones stripping off it would feel more unnatural not to join in No luck convincing friends to join me!!
The short answer is no. Its usually cheaper to get a full years insurance then cancel the policy and pay the cancellation charge than to get short term insurance
Seems slightly superfluous or even spammy given that we have galleries of body parts as part of this subreddit...
The fact that the risks of leaving are greater than the risks of remaining doesnt mean that the remain camp is more scare-mongery. Just that its dealing with real dangers instead of Boris's daily pack of lies Remain is trying to protect us from trashing our nation's future.
Novl
Have opened Lloyds, TSB and Nationwide current accts with no problems solely online. Tesco, ridiculously, required a signed form returned to them after I'd gone through the long online application process (it went in the bin, not wasting my time with that 20th century crap) Never been asked to attend anything in person
No, a knife is OK as a defence weapon as long as you don't disclose it, you just use it once your attacker gets close-in - nothing like a blade driven into in the guts/genitals to deter or a severed jugular to end
You used a cheap ELM327 adapter didnt you? they cause problems with Ford ECUs, makers of some software (Torque) specifically warn about this
Well, its original...
I think you are borderline breaching Godwin's law there. Fascist opinions are not legitimate and do not enjoy the privilege of being tolerated
Ok, I believe you should be decapitated with a rusty knife, then.... Hello boot,.meet the other foot.
I've three times been involved in minor shunts and resolved without insurance, go with your gut instinct about the counterparty if you trust them, and ask for copies of the invoices for work done to their vehicle (keep the copies) Two of the accidents were my fault, one was the other party's, this is over the space of 20 years driving but two of them (one my fault) were in the last 4 years The sensible option is to go through insurance. But its not the only way.
It's a forgotten place. People from Stoke are either born there then leave, or born there then vote leave. EDIT: Two hours after typing this offhand remark, it occurred to me that voting leave vs voting remain as a signifier of social, educational and economic poverty is a pretty useful way of classifying the country
Got a job in a cashroom for 6 months, moved to a low level job with a chartered accountant, went to nightschool to get my AAT qualification, slowly progressed thru a variety of accounting posts and the ACCA qualification to my present job title, 'Financial Accountant' and a salary that begins with a 4 Getting to that job title has been a long battle. I wasted a LOT of years along the way due to taking wrong approaches and staying in jobs that didnt benefit me. I'm 37 and only now feel that I've 'made it'. It may be that I only got this far due to being effectively trilingual with two other major european languages as well as English and focusing on a subset of accountancy thats used by multinational firms
I saw the news, thought 'Fucking paddy cunts, we should shoot the lot of them, especially the Loyalists' then forgot about it and moved on In 1993 I was close enough to an IRA bomb in london that the blast wave ruffled my hair (not close enough to be dangerous) and ever since then I've felt that Ulster is a shithole full of arseholes who arent worth fighting with,or fighting for. Let the poisonous cocksuckers kill each other off and leave us to our cups of tea
Yes. The bulk of my professional and financial progress has been in the last 5 years, as I started honing my niche.
Could it be running lean? caused by an air leak? I'm told thats often a cause of excessive temperatures at the head. I'm not familiar with that engine but if it has rubber vacuum lines they might be rotted through by now
On the basis that one cause of heat is mechanical friction, have you tried a thicker oil?
There is a general negativity and you won't totally escape it, sadly. However it's somewhat sharply pointed at those people who are seen as either taking low-end jobs from british workers, or of cultural incompatibility with traditional British life. We do still have a class system of sorts, it's just been somewhat corrupted in its nature. As an educated Western european you'll be more highly regarded and not looked at in the same way.. our population exchanges with Catholic Christian countries have a long history. The popular dialogue on race doesnt include seeing professionals coming here to do high level work, as the same as the people who will live on minimum wage picking potatoes in Lincolnshire.
Does anyone still doubt my comments of yesterday when I called it irresponsible of VL to brand Labour as traitors?
I suspect the trend is driven by the over representation of its adherents on social media
Failing main ignition relay or starter relay is my guess. Or a slightly bad starter power strap that heats up and makes a contact
I think if your relationship has got to the striking phase, its over. I also think you did nothing wrong. If you replied to her every attack with an attack in return you'd be equally guilty but that one slap was fully justified and you made her realise what it was like
he can't help making any situation worse. That remark could easily have waited until friday...
if only all fucking morons could so easily &amp; legally be deleted
Given your username I hope the missing 'nt in that sentence is deliberate and that it freaks them out
Clean out the engine now while its relatively low mileage. Get yourself an oil change pump (electric scavenge pump - eBay for about £20) and some oil, pump out the oil, refill - use any cheap semi-synth of the right spec, also buy the oil from eBay.. After 3000 miles, repeat. Then again. After 10,000 miles you've done 4 oil changes in quick succession and the interior of your engine will be sparkling clean. Many 'engine cleaning additives' make claims but the most powerful cleaner of engine interiors is fresh oil, for the first few months of its life it actively dissolves and absorbs muck, soot, dirt, clag from every inside surface of the engine. Then go back to standard oil change interval and better oil (Shell Helix fully synth is bloody good stuff and often on discount at EuroCarParts) Congratulations on the pending blessings upon your family.
I intend to borrow these words on occasion - thanks.
No
Thats more down to vertical v horizontal intestines. Human design has to be able to exert significant back-pressure without significant actual muscle use, the dog works at lower pressure.
he's right though, the EU has four major rail systems in different gauges (4ft8&amp;1/2, 5ft, 5ft3, 5ft6) , and at least 5 different systems of electrification (750dc, 1500dc, 3000dc, 15000ac, 25000ac)
Normally, agreements between close family members are deemed not to have legal force (certain exceptions regarding property, probate) . She actually cannot sue you, as the fictional agreement between you, even if it had been agreed to, is not legally binding
Cats arent like humans - after they die, they dont understand that they are dead, so they don't go away, they just keep trying to attract people's attention to them.
[Citation](http://e-lawresources.co.uk/Intention-to-create-legal-relations.php)
Tool rental place? Builders have to use them to check buildings for radon in granite areas so I presume they are lease able . If not, use photographic film and get it developed. This won't work with a digital camera.
Giving it some tuna then taking it back to the ocean
Done! And I would recommend it to others as an interesting suite of questions to think about.
Thats certainly the 'normal way' Given what the UK's done however, I'm tempted to wonder if the EU might break its own rules a little in Scotlands favour - basically as revenge against the brexiteers. I hope so. I'd like to see at least part of the UK saved.
Dust is still settling from the Lehman collapse in 2008. About 10 years probably.
except in weird red-dwarf/red-labour crossover comedy "Smoke me a ukipper, I'll be back for brexit"
Deric Longden, in one of his domestic comedy books, refers to his new (same-day) cat Thermal looking at his blind wife Aileens eyes for the first time, leaning closer, gently stroking her cheek with its paw and continuing afterwards to treat her considerably differently to any other human in the house
His dogma would suit him well in Athens though
Ashamed to be British. We've become small, blind, petty
Is there any other sort? I know of none. the 'Levellers' had a try at it in Cromwell's time, didnt work out well for them. A NATO deployment in Europe would have had no democratic elements, the actions of British forces in Iraq had no democratic basis, armies have no internal democracy. Armies are the last defence of democracy, but they dont practice it. We are not equipped to defend ourselves against other EU states, because we dont need to be. There is no military threat from them, military co-operation with them could only make us stronger and safer
No, oddly enough, his policies right from the start were electoral suicide, the public didnt need to be told that they dont believe in them
No. Those people still were fools
