McIntosh looked at a video game once, maybe even stood by a gamer for a fraction of a second, so that makes him an expert on every video game ever.
Your comment assumes McIntosh actually played it. Far more likely he just saw Geralt and made up his all about it. Now what is it called when you judge someone based solely on physical apprences?
Mainstream Christians are exceedingly lucky that their religion is so old we don't have police records, or any records for that matter, of their founder to discredit their holy book's claims.
My problem with DayZ and its ilk is what do you do in them? Like in Minecraft you can have fun playing it by yourself constructing stuff while the world blows it up, and it's very nature allows you to build whatever you can imagine. But DayZ you just wander around and fuck with other players. There's no sense of completion or accomplishment that you get from beating a solid single player game or teaming up to take down an epic raid boss. In fact thanks to a combination of early-access, public betas, and content patches, online games have entered this weird, nebulous space where they are never finished and are never technically out. I mean Warframe was playable for almost two years before it went gold. I had been playing MechWarrior Online for five months before being invited to their launch party.
Eugh. Don't these shitlords know that langue is meaningless and that we can pineapple race car driver whatever we flamimgolope?
Buzzwords, combine and form Privilegcon, the most powerful Transformer.
That's because scientists are too busy doing, you know, science.
Also nachos con queso are banned for being too Jewish.
Because the cockney accent on small Asian women with purple anime hair.
Chinese people in this case are already an American minority so under the arbitrary and subjective rules of social justice a story exclusively about Chinese people is more diverse than a story about white people.
It's easy to fight to the death when the no one else is interested in killing you.
I'm talking about the false bravado of it all.
No that's actually black face.
So I had this idea for an RPG (and I know John Carmack had this idea too before Romero got a hold of it) that has you level down instead of level up. So you start out as an unstoppable, overpowered badass with more abilities and spells then you know what to do with, which is the end point of every RPG. But, probably for story reasons, at various points throughout the game you have to give up powers at regular intervals, your delevels. The idea is that players build a character to their play style by getting rid of all the abilities they don't like and keeping the ones they do. Not only does this change the way we think about game and RPG design but it would solve the problem many RPGs suffer from where the beginning of the game is brutal and the ending is a breeze.
The only thing that bothers me about this is their smug sense of self-satisfaction they have from thinking they're pissing people off when really no one cares.
I can't believe no one has mentioned the Far Cry games. Open world FPS with, as of the last two, basic but necessary RPG and crafting elements with a strong focus on the single-player narrative experience. And each game tries to do something new and different.
From what I've seen with Pagan Min it looks like they're just doing Vaas again because that's what people liked the most about Far Cry 3. But the thing is that Vaas was a happy accident, the guy who plays him came in and did such a great performance that they gave Vaas a stronger presence. In short, Far Cry 4, and especially Pagan Min, stunk of trying to recapture the lightning in a bottle and that usually doesn't work out all that great.
Also it screws up how we should fix the issue. Oh white people not being unfairly harassed by the police is a privilege? Well then we just need to have the police unfairly harass everyone.
So you just up and give it to the first human trainwreck who drops in?
My little princess is all grown-up and murdering people.
More like obesity is the symptom of some mental illness.
You can't trap Biblical literalists with questions pertaining to God's morality because God's morally perfect not because God is just such a swell guy, but because he's defined as morally perfect. Everything he does is automatically morally perfect regardless of action. God can drown every puppy on Earth and it would not be evil, because God did it. Likewise God can, and does lie in the Bible, but it's not an act of moral failure like if a human did it, because God.
This article is about answering honestly, not just being unable to answer. Moving the goal posts is a logical fallacy and a form of dishonesty so the original premise stands.
Hero complex. As long as you presuppose your own moral superiority you can get away with (to yourself) anything. I bet in twenty years he's going to get pulled over for a DUI, rant about the Jews, and call the arresting officer "Sugartits".
Fucking Christ how is that medically possible?
Hang on, I know their dumb rules and can play by them. I identify as a Bedouin desert nomad. Racism is dumb and we should stop persecuting and discrimination against everyone, not just everyone except white people.
What are you waiting for, let's get the kerosene and some lighters.
I have the sneaking suspicion that Tammy's "helpfulness" came from a place of smug, self-congratulatory satisfaction. Which is why she was so over the top about it. She's not just helping someone, she announcing to the whole world "Look at me! Look at how selfless and generous I am! Praise me! Praise me!"
Planetness is more about attitude than weight. If you're helping a blind person so that you can steal food off their plate because you think they won't notice, you're a planet. Size is irrelevant. You are a gluttonous pile of trash.
Why do we teach kids English, it's a language spoken by white people? We should all learn a proud PoC language like Spanish.
I blame 30 years of diet industry commercials selling people the idea that weight loss is a trick that just needs this one thing to work. But once you analyze their motivations it becomes an obvious farce. They're trying to sell you a product and they don't want you to buy their competition. The CI-CO method, despite being the most scientifically reliable, asks for moderation, which runs contrary to a capitalistic market's emphasis on profit by consumption.
Is it okay to cause panic in a closed public space by making a fake bomb threat? What about prank calling the FBI or providing false testimony at court? You can gob on all you want about the immutability of free speech but at the same time practically everyone is okay with a few limitations for the sake of the larger public.
Free Speech exists for the benefit of society not the individual. If one individual's personal rights puts the saftey and well-being of the larger society in jeopardy then that individual's rights must be restricted. This is the foundational definition of liberty. Absolute freedom is far more destructive and harmful in practice than its well-meaning advocates such as yourself make it out to be.
In North Korea society is sacrificed on the altar of a ruling aristocracy. They can say all they want but their actions betray everything. That's why I can condem them. A balanced, healthy society has rules that are governed by a living document that is constantly scrutinized and thought about. It's not strict rules that burden and eventually enclave societies, it's blind, unthinking adherence to rules. That's where people constantly get me wrong with my opinions. I expect them to be challenged and questioned. When I talk about restricting individual freedom for the good of society, I'm expecting there to be a constant dialogue about where this line should be drawn.
The problem is that this isn't voluntary. Govenors from across the South are ordering the removal of Confederate battle flags from state and public property, and the nation-wide legalization of same-sex marriage was a very close SCOTUS decision. The South is only becoming more progressive because the rest of the country is dragging them kicking and screaming into the 21st century, not because its they've voluntarily changed their ways.
Yes and Russia annexed Crimea to help those poor, oppressed Russian minorities.
Apparently. It's the Southern conundrum: it's not wholly ethical to use government force to compel them to follow moral edicts they don't agree with, but if we didn't there's a strong chance they never will do so on their own.
From has a lot of different teams handeling different projects simultaneously. The real success of the Bloodsouls meta series is the vision of director Miyazaki. The problem is that one guy can't be one all these projects at once. He was on Bloodbourne while DS 2 was in development and now he's on DS 3. This means DS 2 is the only one without Miyazaki's involvement and it shows.
We could do it, just pay her $300K.
Eh you need someone to cancel out the ultra-right white nationalist Stormfront demographic.
Actually read the reviews. The IGN reviewer gave Alien: Isolation a 5.9 because he doesn't like horror survival and found the game to be too long and the same amount of content stretched too thin.
So when I asked about M's upbringing and you said you didn't know much about it, was that a lie?
Adult (and therefore lazy) Ren and Stimpy was on Spike TV, not Adult Swim.
That's kind of what gay means at that age. I remember elementary school kids saying Hanson was gay because they made songs about girls.
It wasn't proselytizing. They wanted to have a discussion. Normally we talk about science and the environment.
It's behind you right now but don't turn around because that will make it really angry.
That seems like a shitty plan.
Right noijggdffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
Well there's Jainism.
Actually have you heard of Richard Lenski's experiment in which E. coli evolved the ability to digest citrate right in front of their eyes? It got hilarious when creationist and wingnut Andrew Schlafly tried to take them on and got pwned.
If you have a murder fetish it would be masturbation.
That success rate only applies to blood tests.
14 is the normal age of consent for Carbon. Either way I would check your local laws as those can vary by state.
Even if he wasn't fishing for poon he was clearly fishing for compliments and praise on his progressive, open-minded ways. Not having a Tumblr account was his first mistake in that regards.
Dubed with characters speaking their local accent ala Metro 2033. I thought I'd try immersing myself with the Russian language track with English subs. What I discovered is that it became less immersive because a lot of the world building background conversations literally just turned into meaningless background noise.
He's implying Mark Twain was racist because of the name Nigger Jim. This means that the whole point of Huck Finn could not have flown over his head farther. I know it's a joke and he's not serious, but I'm coming out at this laughing at Louis' poor reading comprehension.
C.S. Lewis was skilled enough at rhetoric and writing to trick his audience into thinking Christianity makes sense.
Because the genitals of small children is really important to me and yes I want this on record!
Are you blinking? That's the oportunity your mirror self has been waiting for to steal your place and enter our world.
No. They have been epigenitcally programmed with a gender identity opposite of their genotype. Gender is the mental assignment of male or female, sex is the genotype and genitiles. Sex influences gender but they are seperate things. 99.9% of the time a person's mental gender identity matches their biological sex, in that tiny percent of the time it doesn't the most common result is having a mental gender identity that is in opposition to their biological sex. Research has shown that this is a fact, not a delusion or a personal choice. In transgender there is a detectable error between the mental software and the biological hardware. Trans race and transethncity are not real because people don't have mentally assigned racial or ethnic identities.
You know how in colloquial language you can get away with using hypothesis and theory as the same thing but in science you can't because in that context they mean different things? Same thing. In science gender and sex have different meanings and here is the science that supports those definitions. http://www.meduniwien.ac.at/homepage/1/news-and-topstories/?tx_ttnews%5btt_news%5d=5379&amp;cHash=37835742aa84acd6b6b2505337c854dd Notice how I'm linking to an academic source that itself links to a science database and not some bullshit blog on Tumblr? That's because this is fucking science. So either you can get with the idea that gender studies has actually made a lot of progressive from whatever neolithic discourse community you've crawled out of, or you can join the ranks of creationists, homeopaths, and other people who dismiss scientific discoveries the moment they compete with their preconceived ideas of how the world works.
When pride turns into delusion.
What is it with weeb culture and glorifying pedophilia?
So his writing advice is be more cliched and rip off Star Wars?
I'm not surprised by but also disappointed in Eclipse Phase's clientele. It looks like such a cool concept with so many unique story telling hooks built into it, but because it's a post-Singularity society it brings all the Dork Enlightenment boys to the yard, and they're digitized cyberpeens are like, better than yours.
If I remember correctly second edition orcs were pig-faced monsters.
Even if it's a fake it encapsulates all of the logic used by the antivaxxers, so at best it's an example of Poe's Law.
You claim I didn't read the article, but apparently you didn't read the paper that was linked to in the article. The paper is free to the public so you really have no excuse. First you claim that you cannot tell the difference between male and female with MRI, but the paper cites sources that use MRI to prove just that in the first paragraph of the introduction. We have papers that show the changes that occur to the brain due to hormone development on three separate levels of development. One on infants, another on puberty, and a third on adulthood. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20633662 http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3412439/ http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3673180/ So the differences in the original paper aren't mentioned much because the researchers and their audience, other neuroscientists, are already familiar with the science so they aren't defined in the paper I linked to. Here's an MRI showing the white matter microstructures of someone who is FtM, someone who is MtF, with comparisons to the Male Control (MC). http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4699258/figure/F1/ This is what the paper meant by the transgender white matter microstructure being in between. The MtF microstructures appear to be a transitionary point between the MC and the FtM. In fact the appearance and mapping of testosterone white matter microstructures degrades as you go from MC to MtF to FtM to FC (Female Control). A man who feels like he should be a woman produces the same amount of testosterone like a normal male, but the way it interacts with his brain is skewed more towards female neural mappings, resulting in someone who recognizes their body as male but it doesn't feel right. "The results of this study show that the white matter microstructure in FtM and MtF transsexuals falls halfway between that of FCs and MCs. Our data harmonize with the hypothesis that fiber tract development is influenced by the hormonal environment during late prenatal and early postnatal brain development that is proposed to determine gender identity." Read the paper and the paper's sources, and not just the article which introduces scholars to the paper. Finally you keep using the word insane around, which is another word you clearly don't know the meaning of, along with sex and gender. Insane refers to mental inability. In the legal and medical sense people who are insane must be proven that they are not in control of their own actions or faculties. This is why arguing insanity in court is so hard and why the insane defense is almost never used. Transgender people are obviously not insane, regardless of how far from normal their feelings may be to you personally.
Did you ever lament your status at last place due to your inherent nice guyness?
More unique ethnicities per square mile than the Balkans.
It's kind of funny as how Christianity becomes more and more modern it becomes less and less strict. The Coptics in Egypt are the oldest extant branch of Christianity and they have a period of 50 days before and after both Easter and Christmas where you can't eat meat. Then you have the Catholics were you just can't eat meat on Friday. Then you have the Protestants where the last of the dietary restrictions have been excised.
Universe -&gt; Gravity -&gt; Matter -&gt; Hydrogen -&gt; Galaxy -&gt; Life
God is perfect. Perfection is impossible. Therefore God is impossible.
State of Slovenes, Croats, and Serbs Kingdom of Serbians, Croats, and Slovenes Socialist Federated Republic of Yugoslavia
Oh shit I guess because squares exists God must exist.
Fucking look it up dipshit. The definitions that I've been trying to teach you are right there on fucking Google. You have given me no reason to accept your incorrect definitions except by fiat.
Obviously it's a disorder. There's even a detectable neurological component which you don't seem to like for some reason. What I've been trying to drill through your cavernous, Neanderthal-esque skull is that sex and gender aren't the same thing and that having a mental disorder is not the same thing as insanity. Frankly your disgusting attitude is to conclude that because transgenderism is a disorder it should be stigmatized and you can go right the fuck off with that. Finally sex transitioning is still the most humane method of treatment. Edit: on the subject of Fallon Fox. This is where I admit my ignorance, I don't know enough about MMA where I can distinguish any difference between her fighting and say, Ronda Rousy. They both look like two strong people very good at hurting other people. Frankly as a human Fallon Fox has the right to feel comfortable in her own body. However if it can be proven that the hormone therapy for sexual reassignment gives athletes an unfair advantage in their weight class then they should be barred from competing. We've already banned one form of hormone therapy for its performance enhancing properties: steroids, so there is precident.
My favorite WtA character was an Ahroun Bone Gnawer, so murder-hobo was my legit character concept.
Having a 50% nitrogen atmosphere is bad but not for the reasons she thinks.
The fucked up part is that they would rather a man of dishonest faith than a man of honest disbelief.
OWoD ran into problems when they assumed the Abrhamic religions were the default and then threw Kindred of the East into the mix. Edit: I actually find CofD, especially since the God-Machine Chroncicle to be very gnostic. In both Mage and Demon you play as protagonists who realize that reality as we know it is a lie and oppose the God-like demiurges who rule over this false world.
The Ancient Lands pentology from Mage: The Awakening.
Basically the way I rule it, rites and fetishes are ok from 1st edition, Lodges and Gifts are not.
Then there's also the shallow critcism that it's the worst Star Trek because there's no space travel.
Donald Trump's hair is a chemical ecological disaster zone that Trump bravely chose to wear so it could be contained and monitored by a team of specialists. Unfortunately it appears to have leaked tendrils into his brain and is responsible for his erratic opions, wild mood swings, and general shithead behavior.
Magic. Then science killed magic so now it runs on science.
That would cause wobble in the other direction. We need an equal spread across both poles to ensure orbital stability.
One of my players in her first session of WtF ever was fighting an Azlu. The spider-monster was taunting the pack about its long life and how it has powers and skills beyond what you can do. "I have fangs and venom that can strip your flesh to the bone Uratha!" Then she said "I've got boots". I thought it was a great pre-ass-kicking one-liner.
Well yeah. They split Charisma into three different stats and then tweaked them to follow the Power, Finesse, Resistance model. Of course it's going to get weird. Hell trying to define how you interact with people with just a bunch of numbers is kind of weird.
The motto of CofD is that it's your chronicle. So do it, a plot hook that on the surface seems impossible is always great for a game about thr supernatural. Here are some possible explanations for a revenant outbreak. Belial's Brood blood ritual going terribly right. The Strix are building an army of bodies to possess. The Curse itself has found a new way to spread. A God-Machine experiment on vampires broke free.
Whatever is moral and ethical is whatever God says at that moment. How delightfully malleable, authoritarian, and subjective
Finally.
Before Muhammad ran into diplomatic problems he was really respectful of Jews and Christians. He passionately adored their faiths and believed his would be accepted in open arms. When Islam was rejected he grew more angry at them and both of these attitudes are reflected in the Koran. However, the Suras are organized by length, not chronology, and how the book chaotically sin-waves between tolerance and intolerance like a manic-depressive.
Hey Allah, if you created women exactly as they are, what's up with all the menstral-hate?
"Christian Film" "Film People Watch" You must choose one.
The Satanists have started the Dark Invocation ritual. Christians respond by casting Protection from Evil, Greater.
The important part isn't just that the Quran is violent, but that the Quran is not uniquely violent. It's basically no better than any other so called "Holy" book. To wit: "And it shall come to pass, that every soul, which will not hear that prophet, shall be destroyed from among the people." Acts 3:23 Anyone who doesn't believe in Jesus will be killed. "He that believeth on the Son hath everlasting life: and he that believeth not the Son shall not see life; but the wrath of God abideth on him." John 3:36 If you don't believe in Jesus God will be angry. "And whosoever shall not receive you, nor hear you, when ye depart thence, shake off the dust under your feet for a testimony against them. Verily I say unto you, It shall be more tolerable for Sodom and Gomorrha in the day of judgment, than for that city." Mark 6:11 Any city that defies the testimony of Christ will be even more fucked up than Sodom and Gomorrha. "Think not that I am come to send peace on earth: I came not to send peace, but a sword." Matthew 10:34 This is attributed to Jesus and is followed by a whole screed about how you need to love Jesus more than your own family. "But the heavens and the earth, which are now, by the same word are kept in store, reserved unto fire against the day of judgment and perdition of ungodly men." Peter 3:7 God reserves the right to set every non-believer on fire.
Usually when a more modern, better evolved organism comes along sometimes the less evolved one manages to survive by eeking out a meager existence in a tiny niche too specialized for the more evolved one to bother with.
You know what /u/fantasyfeet, I'll let you keep your delusion. Yes, all powerful and successful people are actually really smart and conniving. There's no way an idiot could make money saying stuff other idiots like to hear. If you gave a real idiot a microphone and tell them to speak their opinions they'll just sit there and babble incoherently.
To be fair /u/AlmightBox, you're not making any of this stuff up, Cumstain is.
I'll miss it. Without the church how are all these kids going to get molested?
Well it is Pakistan.
Sins only count if they apply to other people. Duh.
Hi I'm Bill Maher I like to make fun of religious people because of how dumb and irrational religion is. Except I also don't accept the Big Bang theory, think vaccines are dangerous, and use my show to promote Big Pharma hysteria.
That's an awesome idea!
The battle of Y'ghatan was long, tiring, a painful chore. It was brilliant. Any hack could write about how terrible being in a battle is. It takes a true genius to transport the reader to a realm of suffering.
The reaction stopped because there's no more chemistry between you two.
Murder
Here's what kills me. So the first time this must be quite a bit of a shock to the bird, it's a new item, it's probably never seen something like this before so it has no experience that something like this would happen. But then the dumb thing tries it again.
Dude I was four or five.
*Chaos Island: The Lost World: Jurassic Park*. Jeez that's a serious case of colon cancer. So what was this and why have I never heard of it? Well it's an RTS based off the second Jurassic Park game made by Dreamwork's short-lived attempt at making a game studio. So why did I play it so much? Was there an avid and interesting multiplayer community? No, it had no multiplayer or skirmish mode, just a 13 mission single player campaign which was hard as balls. I made it my New Year's resolution to beat the damn thing and I spent all of 1998 attempting to do so.
Well it is Guerrilla, they've only made the Killzone games so far.
I don't really know if this counts or maybe it's part of the setting proper, but I've never liked the idea that vampirism is a curse and yet also gives you a bunch of awesome powers. So I have a house rule that overuse or dependency of any of the Disciplines from VtR can cause breaking points towards your Humanity. Here's my thoughts behind how and why each Discipline can harm your Humanity. Celerity/Resilience/Vigor: You know that humans can't do what you just did? Animalism: It makes sense that you can get along with beasts so well, you are one. Obfuscate: Are you even real? Maybe you were dead all along? Auspex: There are things humanity wasn't meant to know. But you know them. I wonder why. Dominate: The longer you keep treating people like tools the harder it becomes to see them as anything else. Majesty: See Dominate. Nightmare: Sorry, did you forget that you are a monster. Protean: You can't hide the Beast inside when it keeps coming out like this. I'm not going to cover all the Bloodline Disciplines but you get the jist.
A secular society is one where the government treats religions fairly, equally, and does not allow them to dictate public policy in order to gaurantee it's citizen's personal freedom of religion and freedom from religion. An atheist society is one where the majority of people are atheist.
Average physical age is 35. Average mental age is 12.
There are books? I just thought it was a TV series.
Ubisoft games.
69 upvotes? I don't know if this post is popular enough for me to agree with it.
So say we all you frelling farbotz now what do you want?
Gay people don't molest children. That's pastors. I guess you forgot that what with your busy child molesting schedule.
Anthropogenic climate change means we will be seeing afternoon temperatures reaching 120 degrees during the summer in the Middle-East. The reality is that more and more Muslims will flock to northern climates as the Middle-East becomes increasingly inhospitable. So the future situation will be the exact opposite of what he's prophecizing. But he's a religious lunatic so of course he lives diametrically opposed to reality.
I don't talk to them. I live and let live. I know how much it bothers me when religious people who sincerely think my life will lead me to a pit of endless suffering try to confront me and save me with proselytizing, so I extend them the same courtesy. Even though I think that at best religion is a waste of your precious time here I don't engage religious people and try to save them. The only way to be an atheist and not be edgey is to be more polite and mature then them.
The radicalization of Islam during the 20th and 21st centuries is due to these modern states enjoying the fruits of modernization until they look at the price. Basically the more modernized a nation becomes the more Western it appears. This is a bit of confusing correlation for causation, but since when do the masses behave truly rationally. So instead people become worried that they are losing their own traditional and cultural identify to a bunch of foreign powers. Remember that a good deal of these countries were once colonies of England and France so to people who still hold on to the cultural legacy of the post-WWI age, this seems like another attempt at Western colonization. So they bite back.
But the problem is that cancer spreads.
In Shinotism those gates are built to mark sites that are sacred to the kami.
It should go back to the original Turok games. You know, the Lost Land where there are cyberdinosaurs and alien laser monsters. None of this bullshit about an alien planet that just happens to have dinosaurs because reasons.
You could use a variation of the tracking rules from WtF. Basically if you want to use Streetwise it would be a contested roll using Wits+Streetwise vs Resolve+Streetwise. If the target has Anonymity or Alternate Identity Merits than the target adds those as negative modifiers to your roll.
I'm ok with that. Part of the reason I like Vampire the Masquerade Bloodlines is that it's not as long as some other RPGs so I'm not worn out on the game when I want to do it again to so I can experience the other paths I didn't go down.
The weird thing is that they're a French company. Either they are developing a weird case of Stockholm Syndrome, or are just cynically exploiting what they think Americans like.
Yeah I figured. Games can't make you smart. They only make you good at beating the game.
Mac and cheese filled cheese puff snack foods. Oh, wait.
Here's the way I've understood it: God's plan is more like a script rather than a deterministic universe. God has this big plan that's all laid out for you from the moment you're born, probably even from before because he also planed your parent's life and so on. But you are given the freedom to follow that plan or to go off script. However, because God knows you better than you know you, if you go off script you're just going to find pain and misery, but if you stick to the plan then it's sunshine and rainbows. God won't force you to follow the plan, but he will punish you forever with Hell after the fact.
What's happened is that we done such a good job of managing these horrible diseases through vaccinations that we've raised two generations who have never had to worry about them. This results in a mind set where the risks regarding non-vaccination are forgotten and the risks regarding vaccination are over-exaggerated. It will take a generation of kids getting dangerous, preventable diseases until the idiot ball passes the other way.
So how do you win?
It's kind of like how in Planescape Torment you could change your class by talking to different trainers. So in Tides, you unlock a starting focus by following the main quest line and I believe there are ways later on to unlock and change your focus.
I don't remember. It wasn't those. I suspect that inXile is inventing some of their own. Also it's entirely possible that the decisions you make the route you take down the main quest could result in you having different foci than what I got.
Movies are not proof of anything.
Let's see: Moses was buried in secret by God in such a way that no one can find his grave. The Ark of the Covenant was lost during the Babylonian conquest and its possible modern locations are not even limited to: Israel, Egypt, Ethiopia, Southern Africa, or Europe. Both Jesus and Mohammad ascended physically into Heaven and so there is no evidence of their remains. The LDS Church lost every single relic that would prove its historical claims.
NASA was invented by the ConspiracyTM to make people think the Earth is round because reasons. The entire space race, and possibly even the Cold War between the US and the USSR was a hoax put on so people could have something to watch on TV. Along with NASA, every other space agency and government on the entire planet, the ConspiracyTM also employs the aid of every private airline, telecommunications, and TV network in the world. The airlines industry in particular is more than happy to waste millions of dollars in fuel every year flying in ways that would conform to the round Earth model rather than the flat Earth one. In fact, chances are good that there are more people IN on the ConspiracyTM than not.
Let's put it this way: when you look up at the sky with clear visibility and a powerful enough telescope, you can look at the other planets in the solar system and see that they are spheres. Contrary to flatard excuses, you CAN see these things for yourself and don't need to rely on NASA images. My dad's telescope is strong enough where you can see Saturn. The various moons of the solar system are also spheres, and even the Sun is just a massive sphere. You don't even need a particularly strong telescope to see the four largest moons of Jupiter, they were discovered by Galileo using nothing more than reflecting mirrors in a tube. In flat Earth land would need a God to explain the massive discrepancy between the laws of physics needing to be radically different on Earth than every else in the universe to explain why out of every other massive enough celestial object, the Earth is the only one that isn't a sphere.
Nibiru is a Sumerian word for when Jupiter is at the height of its yearly progress across the night sky. Zecharia Sitchin was a hack amatuer historian who popularized the idea of Nibiru as an undiscovered planet beyond the orbit of Neptune by failing at translation and making shit up.
I think with Drakengard he was making a point about video games where you get a heroic good guy ending after murdering hundreds and hundreds of people directly. Besides Drakengard his games are more really weird and heavily anime inspired and this one seems no different.
CryEngine is a system intensive engine though.
Humans evolved from apes in Africa, branching off from the common ancestor of chimpanzees around 5 million years ago. We have every single fossil necessary to show the link between us and chimpanzees and our modern forms. There is no need to rely on "Aliensdidit" as an explanation for human evolution. It's simply a product of fiction. If the Illuminati was "preparing" people for this, wouldn't it make more sense to go with, I don't know, the relevant sciences making these kinds of discoveries instead of making movies that contradict the science? And wouldn't people like Erik von Danniken be given more respect by the scientific community instead of be discarded to the loony bin along with the likes of Alex Jones?
People have got the rule differences and design approaches nailed down pretty well, so I'm going to explain the difference between the themes of the various supernatural games. **Vampire** Masquerade: This game wanted to be a personal horror game but it quickly morphed into an action game due to the omnipresent and often violent conflict between the Camarilla and the Sabbat. While you play as a creature with potentially endless life, the end of the world is rapidly approaching and you are running out of time. Requiem: this game actually realized the personal horror that Masquerade was originally conceived as. The two Sects have been replaced with five Covenants that are less openly hostile to each other, allowing for more nuanced political posturing. Vampires have unreliable memories and there is no agreed upon origin for vampires. The major antagonists are a race of shadowy, owl like creatures that claim a distant ancestry with vampires and detest Humanity. **Werewolf** Apocalypse: The end of the world is coming and chances are good that its too late to do anything to stop it. Werewolves are warriors created by Gaia to be her defenders, and the they are here to stop the Wyrm from destroying all existence. Werewolves are divided into 13 different tribes who can barely cooperate together at the best of times. Tends to center around lots of enviromental and misanthropic themes with a healthy dose of existential nihilism. Forsaken: Werewolves are created by the union of two spirits in prehistoric times: Mother Moon, the spirit of the Moon, and Father Wolf, the ultimate predator. Eventually Father Wolf grew sick and old and so some werewolves decided he needed to be put down. Those who killed him became Forsaken, saddled with the responsibility of policing the boundaries between the world of flesh and the world of spirits for all time. Those who did not are Pure, cursed by Mother Moon for a crime they didn't commit and are dedicated to the destruction of the Forsaken. In this game werewolves are the ultimate hunters rather than warriors, the game is focused more on the pack then on larger global conflicts, and everything is painted in shades of grey rather than an obvious, we're good guys let's kill the bad guys. **Mage** Ascension: Reality is not fixed, but based on the Consensus of mankind's collective unconsciousness. A few individuals are able to awaken to this fact and then can shape reality to suite their own whims, but if the Sleepers see acts of magic that violate their idea of how the world should work the mage suffers from Paradox. The mystically focused Council of Mystic Traditions and the science focused Technocracy are locked in a centuries long battle to determine the nature of reality. Awakening: The world has Fallen due to the hubris of men. The world we think is real is a pale shadow of a much grander reality that is cut off from us by a reality destroying chasm called the Abyss. Only five watchtowers in the Supernal Realms can cut through the Abyss and call out to the souls of certain individuals, who become mages. Mages are driven by their gnosis to uncover mysteries and search for symbols of the Supernal in the Fallen World. Paradox happens when mages draw on more power than they can handle and draw on the attention of the Abyss. **Ghosts** Oblivion: You're dead and because of your angst, unfinished business, and straight up refusal to accept death, you failed to pass on to the true afterlife and are stuck in a purgatory called the Shadowlands. Also you have an evil voice inside your head that will tempt you into giving it more and more power so it can turn you into a servant of the reality destroying maelstrom called Oblivion. Welcome to the bleakest, most depressing game ever made. Sin-Eaters: You almost died, but at the precipice of the afterlife a strange ghost/spirit hybrid made a deal with you: it can bring you make to life, make you stronger, even give you supernatural powers, but in return it gets to have a ride along inside your head and your body. So it's awesome, you got a second chance at life, feeling better than ever, except you can see ghosts now, and they want you to help them resolve their businesses so they can pass on as well. Also that new voice inside you is kind of weird and doesn't quite get things like humanity or morality. **Changeling** Dreaming: So faeries used to be real and they used to have a whole world of their own, but it's dead now and all the faeries along with it, except for the portions of the souls of a few faeries who constantly get reincarnated into human bodies. You are part human, part fae, and you need to keep imagination alive in an increasingly cynical and nihilistic world that no longer believes in magic or dreams. The Lost: So you were once an ordinary Joe (or Jane) until one of the all-powerful True Fae abducted you and held you as slave and prisoner in their nightmare dream world of Arcadia. You managed to escape but your sojourn in Arcadia has permanently changed you into a Fae creature. Now you need to reclaim your old life or build a new one while trying to hide from your former captors.
Kind of me point. If you meet the system requirments of 1 Skynet, CryEngine games run rather well. If you fall anything short, well, there's a reason Cry is in the title.
No because obviously, they don't take an Oath of the Moon. The rules presented in the Core Werewolf book assume you're playing Forsaken, not Pure. Instead they follow the Oath of Urfarah which is on page 33 of the sourcebook The Pure. It goes as follows. The Wolf Must Hunt The Pure Do Not Murder the Pure The Low Honor the High The Pure Shall Cleave to the Human Do Not Eat the Flesh of Human or Wolf The Herd Must Not Know Atone For All Transgressions Deny Thy Mother Despite the Costs On the surface this looks like the Oath of the Moon but there are major differences. The Pure have no compunction about killing the Forsaken, so they don't suffer a breaking point for killing werewolves unless the werewolf in question is Pure. Secondly, they don't have the Forsaken's two-way system of honor nor the Forsaken's respect for the prey. This is what makes the Pure such effective assholes.
I tried AC3 again due to the Ubiclub freebie and I have to admit the epic and apocalyptic tone it sets during the prologue narration paints a stark contrast to Black Flags "hi you work at Google now" thing. It really highlights the absolute lack of direction the franchise has had ever since they killed Desmond.
So another Trump.
I think there was something about Objectivism nestled in the 15 hours of killing people.
I read somewhere that Trump wants to spend half of his time at Trump Tower rather than the White House so he can charge the Secret Service rent. I don't know if that's true.
Not what I meant. I mean the conspiracy theory that wireless electricity is being suppressed because it would provide everyone free energy. Isn't this just a different method of deliver electricity. You'd still need to generate it.
Well I'm glad this guy has realized the Bible is fake and not based on historical evidence, I'm really worried by what he's replaced it with. It sounds like he watched Zeitgeist and didn't realize it was full of shit. Christianity was not created at the council of Nicaea, it already existed before then. The people at the Council of Nicaea did not create the Bible out of nothing, they compiled all of the various books that were considered significant to Christianity, voted on which ones would be considered canon, and then assembled them into the Bible. This is why I hate Zeitgeist; they made shit up to discredit Christianity but you don't need to make shit up to do so. The Council of Nicaea voted on the Bible! By a show of hands. But I digress, Christianity had already existed by that point and not only did it exist, but it existed in a wide variety of sects who all disagreed on multiple theological points, often violently. We have sources that go back to around the time of Hadrian and Marcus Arelleus that mention Christians like Tacitus. And he said something about Africans not believing in a god coming back from the dead. I don't know, maybe that's true, but the Egyptians certainly did, that was Osiris' whole shtick. In fact at several points it seems that he confuses dynastic Egypt with sub-Saharan Africa as if Africa isn't an enormous continent with various different ethnicities, cultures, and religions.
I hate corporations* *Except Apple, Nike, Starbucks, Google, Facebook, ect.
What conspiracy? James Cameron pointed out that AVP was a dumb idea and was right.
How is that a conspiracy? That's just Hollywood executives being dumb and greedy.
I would be just as outraged as a am when Christian doctors refuse to treat patients because of their religion. "I took a modified version called the Hypocritic Oath. It lets me ignore my medical ethics when I feel like it."
Oh oh oh oh..oh. Oh.
Well now we have Trump who has taken to Washington corruption like a pig to shit.
I guess after 8 years of fighting the White House on everything was just the tutorial level and now it's the boss fight.
I don't think the hacks painted her that way, Clinton already had that reputation pretty solid by then. I'm saying that to Sanders voters Hillary getting the nomination was proof of her and the DNC's corruption. Like people on Reddit talk about the DNC rigging the nomination for Clinton like it's a matter of obvious fact.
They're highly attracted towards videos of people showing the Earth is round; it's like fly paper for idiots. Their comments come in one of two varieties: claiming that no actual facts or debunking took place in said video, or claiming the video maker is a part of the ConspiracyTM.
There's a group of hunters who have even figured out that werewolves are not universally antagonistic towards humans and that there's a faction out there who are trying to keep the world safe from spirits. The only problem is that they got the two sides confused.
Pretty much, if you belong to a proselytizing religion that says anyone who doesn't to belong to your little church is going to suffer forever, then it behooves you to go out and save souls. As annoying to us as street preachers and door-to-door missionaries are, they are convinced that they are trying to help us, and that's kind of nice. If you really want to suck at Christianity then adopt a Calvinist "ha ha I'm saved fuck you!" approach to sinners.
40 FPS? I would kill to have a computer that could play any game made after 2014 at a consistent 30 FPS. PC gamers are the most entitled gob-shits I've ever had the unfortunate experience of meeting.
Is the punchline how the Roman Catholic Church protected him by buying the silence of the injured party and moving the perpetrator to a different diocese?
&gt;"Well we don't know everything about what Hitler ate while he was writing that so we're missing the entire story." You know who we also don't have the entire story of? Jesus. I'm serious, the Gospels, which are the ONLY source about Jesus, basically skip over almost his entire life. They cover his birth, this one story of him teaching the Torah as a six-year old, and then they skip the next 18 years completely, and go straight to the three (or five, they can't agree on this) year period he spent as a crazy street preacher.
A relatively short (about 25 million year) period in Earth's history that saw a sudden swell in biodiversity that resulted in the appearance of most of the known groups of phyla.
I remember calling this. I know I said on this subreddit that Saudi Arabia is not a "Clinton ally" but an American ally and that Trump is going to continue the US policy of kiss the King's hairy butthole.
The Bible says nothing about dinosaurs because the people who wrote it couldn't have known about it. The Bible does mention dragons. So if you are a Christian who believes the Bible is literal truth you must deny dinosaurs and accept dragons, otherwise you're reading the Bible figuratively. Funny how often so called Biblical literalists do that.
Sandman poster on the front of the door. Nice.
I believe that prison is a place for people who are dangerous too society, not as the bad place bad people go for being bad. These parents, like too many who are just like them, are not dangerous to society, just their children. Fortunately this is why CPS exists.
They should not be allowed to adopt. CPS should put them on some kind of list.
Only if another telepath hears it. Even then that only violates UK copyright laws.
No it doesn't make any sense because what the hell is Instagram live-ing?
It's getting Skyrim in the Fall. Oh cool, that game will only be six years old by that point.
So he's another Naseem Hareman.
Allegedly Danny DeVito is up to anything they want except prison rape.
We're not making fun of Islam, we're making fun of ISIS and I thought ISIS doesn't represent Islam. If this thing is exposing Islamic hypocrisy simply by existing then I'm all for it.
Familiar merit but it's not ever going to be as strong as a werewolf totem. However it's a good fit for any Thrysus character.
Welcome to the wonderful world of quantum Jesus. If there's an Old Testament rule you like (no gays, women are property) point to the part in the Sermon on the Mount where Jesus said he would not overturn the old laws but fulfill them. If there's something in the Old Testament you don't like (no pork, can't mix fabrics) point to the part in the Sermon on the Mount where Jesus said he would overturn the old laws.
That's good, you shouldn't. But there are lots of Christians who think you should. But we're getting side-tracked: my point is that Jesus is so vague and contradictory that he allows Christians to engage in a sort of mental gymnastics where different parts of the Old Testament are and are not applicable depending on how you feel about them.
Oh so the better English translation would be serpent.
Transgender isn't the same as wrapping a bath towel around your neck so it makers a cape and pretending to play Batman.
Doesn't he have a light saber?
Because at the end of the day the Bible is the only source for the supernatural claims that are the foundation of the Christian faith. So everything needs to be based on the authority and authenticity of the Bible. Make no mistake, people who believe the Bible is the inspired word of God and is literally true are on a stronger theological ground than Christians who compromise their faith by trying to bring their scriptures in line with reality. The issue is that the Bible is demonstrably wrong on so many things that there is no rational reason to put any trust in it, and even less reason to be a Christian at all.
What kind of bookstore?
How on Earth Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton are in the Illuminati but Trump isn't is something I'll never understand.
No one knows what the Holy Spirit is. The most logical completion to the Trinity would be the Mother, but Christianity would rather invent some bullshit concept like the Holy Spirit than exalt women to equal status with men.
He can try it only to discover that most soldiers won't go to war on their own country for one man's ego. If he tries it he'll be the first US president to be deposed by a military coup.
Kellyanne Conway said Spicer was using alternative facts. If that isn't someone attempting to spin a blatant lie I don't know what is. It's honestly pathetic how far the brainwashed trolls at /r/The_Donald will go to deny they're going to spend the next four years having the White House spew atrociously obvious lies at everyone. When the Obama Administration used its Press Secretary to put spin on the media, they had spent it on better shit then how many people came in person to one of his speeches. Trump's leader of the Free World and he's still an insecure manbaby who needs to be constantly told how he's the best at everything forever.
The Universe isn't infinite. It has a defined length, but because it expands faster than light can travel you can never reach it. It also isn't infinite in time, it had a definite beginning, and it would only begin to be able to support intelligent life only relatively recently. (You would need one whole generation of stars to go supernova and populate the universe with elements higher than hydrogen to even have planets and shit in the first place). Does the existence of powerful alien intelligences invalidate atheism? No. Those aren't gods, those are powerful alien intelligences. They didn't even create the universe, they are natural products of the universe. But if it turns out that these are the only sorts of beings that the term "god" could be applied to, it would invalidate monotheism.
Well we already had the ham-fisted message about segregation. I guess now we can have the ham-fisted message about mass incarceration.
Aug Lives Matter.
So you saw that and didn't immediately groan? Okay, how about having all the augmented literally ride at the back of the train.
&gt;"please in your response provide your proof that life has value without using your opinion." Well that's kind of like issuing me a challenge to paint something red without using the visible spectrum of light.
I play games and I enjoy discussion of it with my peers but I have long stayed the hell away from anyone who self-describes as gamer. I've found that people who build their identity around their hobbies tend towards immaturity because they don't have an real careers or responsibilities. Just think of it: would you still call yourself a gamer if you were a doctor or a scientist, hell no, you'd call yourself a doctor. So I'm not surprised that the online community of gamers is filled with reactionary screeching manchilds who react like it's a personal attack on their being when a major studio has a game with a woman protagonist and she dresses appropriately.
Cool. Does that also mean we should throw the Confederate States of America and the National Socialist Workers Party into the loser dustbin as well?
Holy Composition Fallacy Batman!
Yeah I thought this was going to be more of a straight horror game where you couldn't fight them at all.
