&gt; It's worse because you regen a little bit of your missing mana throughout the entire 5 seconds with Mana Font, whereas with Meditation you've already regened 5 seconds worth of mana (based on your base MP5) before gaining that burst of 1.5% missing mana. This doesn't make sense. I can present an alternate way of looking at it. Say you have 0 mana at t=0s. At t=0s, you get a burst of 1.5% missing mana. Then for the next 5 seconds, you regenerate mana normally. Viewed this way, the burst regen is actually more efficient than the chalice style, because you get 5 seconds worth of regen immediately, and before the amount regenerated is lessened by your natural regen. So is the burst regen better or worse than the trickle regen? It depends on the timing of the ticks and when you expend your mana. Let's say you have a pool of 500 mana and somehow your full combo costs 300 mana. Every 5 seconds, meditation ticks. If you cast your combo right after a tick, then you get your scenario and burst regen is worse than trickle regen. If you cast your combo right before a tick, then you get my scenario and burst regen is better than trickle regen. In practice, you wouldn't actually time your spells based on a fairly opaque mastery like this (you could, and you'd get slightly better mana efficiency, but it's probably better just to optimize your spell timing for actually important stuff like hitting the opponent or farming). So you're going to get the good case and the bad case roughly 50% of the time each. Therefore there is no expected difference in efficiency between the meditation style of regen and the chalice style. (I think meditation should still be changed to use the chalice style however, just because it's simpler). tl;dr: you're wrong. about half the time, the opposite scenario occurs which makes up for what you described. the actual result is that there is no difference in efficiency.
I'm confused. What kind of memory did you reawaken?
Is there something wrong with eating old cheese that's been left out? How old are we talking? I do the same thing except I also eat the dried part.
&gt; Meditation (MED) doesn't calculate its first tick until t1. If it calculated at t0, then Meditation would technically have a 5 second lead on Mana Font, which could only be equalized if Mana Font regenerated mana for 5 more seconds after the final calculated interval. Here's the part I disagree with. How can you say it doesn't calculate its first tick until t1? Let's use an extreme example. You're playing Lux with a mana pool of 100. A single E uses up your entire mana pool. You spend some arbitrary amount of time shopping in base and walking back to lane. During this entire time, your mana regeneration is effectively 0 because your mana is full. At some point, you will cast your first spell. At that point your mana will become 0 and we can begin tracking mana regeneration (time of first spell is t0). Now, you said that the first tick of MED only occurs after 5 ticks of MF. This is not always true. If your first spell was cast at 1:59, then you will get your MED tick along with the next MF tick. In this scenario, MED effectively calculates its first tick at t0, which as you state means it beats MF.
\&gt; investing in apple/microsoft/google instead of just stealing their ideas and making that company yourself
Wait really? Source?
I only down voted because of your stupid "inb4 I get downvoted haha I don't care". That's not relevant to the discussion and makes your comment low quality.
&gt; no reason not to click beginner It's pretty easy to win even if you click expert. After a few games smurf detection kicks in and games actually get interesting. I don't think people like stomping pointless games that much or else they'd just play intro bots.
oom, don't fight, my bad, timer for drag, timer for baron
Ah, I also ban Brand and Mordekaiser every game.
Vi is still banned or picked a good percentage of the time.
What are you saying?
That's the only way disaster relief funding works.
Sure. But it has as much counterplay as Annie W and R, which are "skillshots".
LOL if you max Q then you aren't farming with W either.
You can build qss anyway. You don't have to finish mercurial scimitar. Qss didn't even build into anything at all before season 3.
Slot efficiency isn't that important until 6 items anyway. QSS is still a powerful item even if it's cheap. Like I said, it used to not even build into anything at all and it was still good. What's wrong with the stat efficiency? Do you not like having MR vs Malzahar?
That's just greedy if you expect a defensive item to not put you behind on damage. It also delays ADC damage in the same way.
Zyra's decent, just niche. I honestly don't want to see her at 20% pick rate because that just leads to more nerfs.
MODS COME BACK
You can fit another QEQ after the ult.
6 Sightstone Kog incoming
5.10 buffed him, and people discovered a new way of playing him (max W).
Use sharex. Probably the best screenshot software and it lets you automatically upload to imgur or any other site. Gyazo really does suck ass.
Try sharex. Like gyazo, but it uploads to imgur.
You found the meme!
Ryze was reworked too. I don't recall them disabling other champions after their reworks. I think Lucian was just too obviously broken to handle.
Why not? That's like saying it doesn't make sense that Zed doesn't use mana or that Miss Fortune can't stun people. Champions don't all have to be the same.
Like Xerath Ult but global and can be cast 26 times
Valve monetization leaves me with a bad taste in my mouth. I hate the crate/case/chest system they have in all their games. It feels like they're throwing combination flyer/lottery tickets at you and pretending it's some kind of reward. The whole system is set up to prey on as many mental vulnerabilities as possible.
Valve only sells cosmetics, while Riot also sells gameplay content. But Valve markets far more aggressively than Riot (maybe because they only make money from cosmetics?). The aggressive marketing is what turns me off, while I don't really mind having a small champion pool. You have your opinion, and I have mine. It just depends on whether you prefer a paywall or very aggressive marketing.
Formula is 5+depth/3.
Anti-entropy is pretty good! You just need a scroll holder.
Need to see the grin to confirm
A true ninja
I'll counterstack 'em on Garen. If I burn, so do you.
You mean, it would make them much less effective. Poke mages don't win by going all in on full health opponents. If you buy an early revolver against Ziggs, he'd lose all his kill potential. Basically the lane would be shitty and boring for everyone involved.
Then Jayce and Pantheon can build it.
Broken on Ryze. You could just stack AP and vamp and 1v5.
If Rammus were released tomorrow, then maybe he wouldn't be so braindead easy to play.
200 global IP for tower kill
It's relative to your elo, so if your rank 5 players are garbage that speaks to the elo.
Is this even a bug? It's been that way for as long as I can remember and I always played Jayce just thinking that this was the expected behaviour (kinda like how karma Q only explodes if you hit it or you used R)
Use sharex, same thing but uploads to imgur
I'm 50/50 about Morello or Athene's normally, but if the enemy team has Aatrox, I guarantee you I'll be picking up Morello.
You can also do that now, and besides I'm not even sure that would work
I've never had the luxury of deciding where I want to be when the Fiora Ult ends. That thing one shots me every time.
The threshold to trigger the audit is a lot weaker.
Someone learned a bad word at school but is too scared to actually say it.
Yeah I played a game where we had a nami go 0/15 versus a botlane poppy. Everyone knew she was feeding like crazy and you could tell our jungler wanted to say something, but all he said the whole game was "support stop standing next to the wall". Pleasantly surprised no one said anything else.
The latter
Sure. Even Lyte acknowledged that showing only the threshold game's log was not a great solution.
It's all based on context and who you say it to. You can say "fuck their nidalee, that shit is fucking bullshit" in team chat but you can't say "dumbass" or "you're shit" to a team mate.
This is because the stats only show 125+ players who haven't truly mastered the champion. They play him a lot but haven't really mastered time travel. The real Zilean experts who have almost 90% winrate have already gone back in time to when they've only played 1-5 games, and are bringing that statistic up.
There are other ways to solve that, like butcher.
T
And Lucian can just cleanse it in 1 second. Dashgod Lucian's dash was up every other second.
s/everyone/a lot of smart people/
People in low elo thinking they know how to play better than other people in low elo, so they post their impotent rage on Reddit, thinly disguised as advice
Of course, there's a reason Riot entrusted this emote to Rank 5 masters only.
Shh, don't let the plebs know. This info is Rank 5-classified.
Apparently now there's a bug where she becomes visible permanently.
Nope, visage doesn't affect allied healing, only regeneration and self-help.
You're confusing millionaires with billionaires. Millionaires are regular people with good jobs and sound investments who have worked all their lives. If you own a decent house in a city, you're a millionaire. Nothing illuminati about that. Don't lump billionaires in with millionaires. Billionaires have a thousand times as much money -- they're the ones pulling strings in the back and crashing markets for profit.
Unless Riot open sources everything, they're not going to be able to recreate LoL. No matter how good of a job they do wil porting champion, minions will aggro differently and waves will push differently. This affects the entire dynamic of the game.
There's already the PBE for that.
100K points with your favourite champion and you still don't have all the skins? What kind of casual are you?
These bugs are caused precisely because it is riot's most popular server.
Still a better scheme that Valve's chest crap.
What? No. The big 3 of burst APs got nerfed (Luden, Zhonya, Dcap). If you're suggesting that burst mages will build archangel or roa instead that delays their mid game damage too much.
This is insane. Liandry's buff (30 AP for 100 gold), Rylai's change that lets plants apply a 40% slow semi-permanently, Void Staff is more slot efficient, and NLR is easier to build as a support. I'm gonna enjoy the freelo while it lasts, but I'm worried about nerfs.
Right, so in this case you are the banner carrier and you inspired courage and resilience in that cannon minion who is now going ham in a side lane. It doesn't make sense for the cannon minion to be the banner carrier, because it's not buffing anything. It's the one who was buffed.
You mean right now? Released champions are 7800.
If there's any grass in the room you can kill the wraith easily. Just leave a 1x1 tile of grass and let the wraith chase you around that tile. If he follows you for 2 turns consecutively, you can surprise attack him.
It could be something like how Rengar's top laning requires him to abuse the bushes heavily. This might be the opposite, where he needs to go visit the river every so often to get more mana or health.
Cons: enemy no longer has to decide between focusing Zyra and focusing ADC.
New liandry's will be strong but still situational (please don't rush it on katarina). The best parts of the item are also unique. These two factors mean that we won't see league of liandry's like the league of cleavers where everyone stacked at least 2 cleavers. What will actually happen is that liandry's champions will be stronger, but champions that didn't build liandry's before still won't build liandry's.
If you want to build differently, then play Corki or Kalista or Kog'Maw or whatever. The build for traditional ADCs is very "constant", but that's like saying the build for LeBlanc is very "constant". Even after the AP item changes you won't ever see LeBlanc building Liandry's, Nashor's, or Rod of Ages (sorry Siv HD). The reason AP seems more diverse is because there are more types of AP champions (some burst, some kite, some autoattack, some have utility).
It's possible that OP noticed less movespeed as a result of the recent utility changes.
No it's easy to tell when the stacks are going to drop off, because the timer is the same as for his passive. Basically if you have attack speed from your passive, then your ult stacks haven't expired yet.
What will that accomplish? EUNE was supposed to be that split you described. If you mean split the server but still play together, that wouldn't have prevented the gameid overflow spectator bug.
You can flash during the windup of Lux ult, or Ahri's charm. So why not Ashe ult? Whether or not that will give you the desired effect is another matter.
stop front page from filling up with gfys
Nope, all the rewards other than the teamup IP are released at the end.
He probably meant leagueoflegends.wikia.com
The bad amulets are only generated cursed 90% of the time.
Lol I remember once I set the scroll on fire with my blazing weapon.
If you prematurely cast it during the delay, it locks in the cast and as soon as it's actually ready, it automatically fires in the direction that you picked, which is probably wrong at that point.
Liquid is in direct competition with TSM. If they think this move will improve TSM, it would be in their interests to deny the move, kind of similar to how SKT is holding onto the 2 great mid laners and junglers partially to keep them from joining other teams.
Kalista was the League implementation of that already.
Building MR hurts mages more than building armor hurts ADCs. Mages need to burst and have less sustained dps. They also incorporate a lot more flat penetration into their builds, which is very weak against resistance stacking. That's pretty much the reason Riot doesn't want to buff MR itemization for tanks.
I think it would be cool if you could see into the chests by standing next to them with mind vision or item detection (from the well or the artifact).
No, it was super snowbally and boring to boot. If you got BT first you were guaranteed to win lane. Lifesteal and extra AD meant that the enemies could neither all in nor whittle you down.
The RNG nature is a wrinkle, I'll admit. But I firmly believe early lifesteal is terrible for bot lane. With lifesteal: If you are stronger, you are guaranteed to win lane (because you can trade and heal, while they get zoned). You can afford to make mistakes because you can heal back up quickly. Without lifesteal: you are stronger, but your victory isn't assured. You can still get poked out of lane, or at least to the point where the enemy can fight you. If you pick a fight, you'll be able to win, but if you play carelessly (getting hit by random Caitlyn Qs or support poke), you don't have a crutch to fall back on. I think the second scenario is more fair meta. Being ahead still means you have a lead, but it doesn't become suffocating. I'll take the downside of RNGesus rather than the fundamentally suffocating lifesteal meta.
Udyr would only have 3 passives instead of 5, according to Reddit logic.
Because this isn't Dota where everyone goes by their title.
&gt; if an ally is determined to ruin your game, they can already do so. That's not the point. I don't care about how an ability can be used to intentionally troll. I'm worried about well-meaning players (i.e. 95% of players) messing up the ability and hurting teammates. Bard messing up his ult can create a lot more frustration for his team than Annie missing her ult, and this frustration can lead to toxicity. It's like how J4 can "help" his team, and that usually isn't done on purpose.
This honestly sounds like the worst of both worlds
Wait are you saying that cancelling an aa still deals the damage? That seems like a much bigger bug.
Check if you can do crazy dps by spamming right click and s.
Eventually, the sands claim us all.
Where does that article say that your basic attacks deal more damage?
Yeah, the ability really needs some QoL changes. There needs to be a better indicator of when the delay is over and the shot command should not be able to be input during the delay.
Win rate + pick rate combined will give you a better idea. If both are high, the champion is straight up OP. If win rate is high but pick rate is low, then the champion has potential but isn't OP. If the pick rate is high but win rate is low, then the champion is probably some high skill floor champion that was picked in LCS/LCK and everyone is trying and failing to make plays. These champions might still be OP despite a sub 50 winrate. If the win rate and pick rate are both low, then the champion is just garbage.
Do some research please. A Rioter just confirmed that they were going to bring back lore in a month or two.
What does that even mean?
I could only understand the second half of what you posted. What was the first half supposed to mean?
Twisted Treeline as in the map where Maokai was created is gone. But Twisted Treeline still exists as some place in the Shadow Isles, same as how the Howling Abyss is in Freljord.
literally
Obviously Nick wasn't involved because otherwise he wouldn't be trying to solve the treasure hunt to unravel what's going on, but I wasn't expecting the entire diary to be fabricated, and all the abuse to be fake.
Should've been 5th anniversary for maximum effect.
Why is this relevant? That's still 4300 games analyzed.
Maybe it's not broken on Eve, but you should try it with Shyvana or Yi because they both have built in onhits and double hits.
Wit's end is probably better than Shiv. The homeguard bug is probably temporary. There's a known "feature" that if you have the homeguard buff, it will continue to refresh as long as you're in the fountain even if you sold the boots.
He would have done a lot better if he just didn't Q at all. Every time he Q'd he got essentially stunned and lost 4 autos, while baron has no target and starts resetting. But the video isn't meant to show Yi soloing baron. It's meant to show the reseting Q.
This is weird enough that I'm interested. Send me a link!
The Liandries burn applies a slow?
They don't really need more aoe cc, and Azir can deal lots of AoE damage too.
Yup, and your team with 2 imports is 10/0 over the rest of the league. Maybe it's time for EU to start importing some competition?
No, that shows your logic is full of shit.
It's unfortunate that Ongamers (and Travis) is banned from this sub, because the rest of the journalists are pretty big tools.
The whole team, really. Can't forget about lustboy flash engage, knocking them up right as the equalizer landed. Dyrus was really fast with putting down the equalizer too.
You know what confuses me? Why do people expect or want to own every champion? You've played 2000 games and have 113 champions. On average, you've played every champion you've bought for less than 20 games. Did you grow tired of a champion after only 20 games with them? People don't expect to learn every single language, nor own every type of pet, nor visit every country. So why do they want to own every champion? Even the most diverse generalists will only really play ~40 champions. If you just want to mess around with random champions and not "seriously" play them, you can try them on free week.
&gt; increasing you and your ally's Ability Power by 20% and Critical Strike Chance by 50% There's no doubt that AP is being increased multiplicatively. I think it's not out of the question that the Crit is also simply 1.5x whatever crit you had before the multiplier.
&gt; You're safer going with supports who have a combination of the 3: damage, sustain and mobility. Because Zyra only has 1 of those. Does that make Nidalee the best support in the game then, because she has all 3? It's silly to have a "tick the boxes" approach to evaluating supports. Zyra is powerful in solo queue because she can singlehandedly zone out the enemy bot lane without requiring your ADC to be on the same page as you or even competent. You know how people complain that when they play Janna and their ADC sucks they can't do anything? As Zyra you can singlehandedly zone the enemies and make room for your ADC to farm. Even the worst ADC knows how to free farm and can be relevant later. When I lose lane as Zyra (not often), it's almost always my fault, or at least something I could have prevented. Knowing that you lost lane because you need to work on dodging hooks/binds is less frustrating than losing because your adc doesn't know what they're doing. And no other support can solo squishies late game (other than Annie, Vel'Koz, Brand, but they don't have sustain or mobility either). If you have any interest at all in giving Zyra another chance, I recommend you build and play more aggressively. I feel like you're playing her as a utility support. If you do that, you really are better off just picking Thresh or Nautilus.
Oh god that was such a disaster.
Why are you talking shit about Heimer? Have you ever even played against a Heimerdinger? He actually is ridiculously strong, and if you play versus a Heimer main you're in for a bad time.
Congrats, you're born on the same day as Hitler.
Blitzcrank is the hardest counter. Leona is not too hard to beat, although probably not by free week Zyras.
My KDA has gone down every season I've played ranked, and it wasn't high to begin with. Yet my win rate has gone up each season and I've gone from silver to plat. I attribute this to playing more aggressively and dying more, but having more impact on teamfights. Maybe this doesn't apply to ADC but for Annie and Ahri it's better to flash in and one shot their backline (thus sacrificing your life) than to land a subpar combo onto the frontline or spend the entire teamfight zoned because you don't want to die. It's better to die and let your team easily clean up than to be the last one alive on your team because you played the teamfight too safe.
The trick with Leona is to ensure she doesn't initiate onto you in lane (so position slightly behind your ADC). If she initiates onto your ADC, you can win the all-in pretty easily. As soon as Leona goes in on your ADC, the enemy ADC will usually panic and try to run up to follow up. Chances are he won't be paying attention to you. It's extremely easy at this point to catch the ADC in a full combo, which deals enough damage that the enemy ADC has to back up or risk being killed by you. Your ADC should be fine even without you directly helping because Leona can't solo an ADC, so it's more important that you make sure their ADC doesn't follow up. Once the enemy ADC backs off you can 2v1 Leona and kill her. tl;dr Leona can't solo an ADC but Zyra can. As long as she doesn't engage onto you specifically, you'll win the 2v2.
Just spamming a champion isn't enough. You need to realize WHY being a OTP helps you win games. If you spam a champion enough, you'll be able to estimate damage, get used to the mechanics, and know spell ranges. But you could be using the wrong build or runes every game and never realize it. I'm a Zyra OTP, so I spend time outside the game theorycrafting the best builds and reading about matchups. When I see changes on the PBE, I think about how they will affect Zyra. Basically, you can afford to put a lot of effort into knowing everything about the champion because that's the only champion you play. If you played 10 different champions, you wouldn't be able to theorycraft or research in such depth. So if you want the best OTP experience, you need to do your homework in addition to spamming the champion.
Join us at /r/zyramains!
What a load of nonsense. It's meant to track your experience on a champion. Without this system, how would you know what champions you've played the most? Could you rank your top 5 played champions? There's ranked stats, but what about for normals? If I play roughly 50/50 ranked/normals, that's half my stats not being tracked. We spend a lot of time playing League. I'd like to at least be able to remember what I've played. Also, look at champion.gg's winrate-over-games-played chart. For almost any champion, there's a direct correlation. The more games you've played on a champion, the better you will perform. So in that sense if you see mastery rank 7s in your game, they should do better than a badgeless person.
DAE think 90% of players are low elo? xD
Gold is better than 70% of players. Anyway, gold, silver and bronze combined make up 90% of players. Your original comment sounded pretty dismissive of the idea, so explain to me. Why shouldn't Riot design a feature that all players can make use of, rather than excluding the bottom 90%?
I tried Vel'koz support but even after some 20 games I still can't figure out how to win a game. Even if I win I don't feel like it was because of my actions. It doesn't matter if I win lane or lose lane. I just don't have the same impact late game as Zyra.
Alt. Castle of Satan for 4 hours straight here
If Morellos is great on a champion, they'll buy it. But there are cases where it's not enough mana (need Athene's/tear/roa) or the utility of FQC is better. In this case if the AP buys Morello it might be gimping a lot more than 15% damage (imagine an Anivia with just a Morello).
Can you share the team you used for C10/Zeus?
Vim works great if you know how to use it, and you are comfortable with ssh.
My setup uses crouton to run Ubuntu in a tab. I can use actual vim without needing a network connection.
Abathur just play please
http://i.imgur.com/cFqXugI.png
I've been farming KotG with a team of Verdandi/Liu Bei/GValk/Xmas Alraune/Kush/Verdandi. The team isn't very plussed (a total of 150 +s) or even max levelled (verdandi and valk are level 80, liu bei is level 65, everyone else is level 40 or less). The important thing is that liu bei has 3 TPAs, gvalk has 2, and the team has enough hp to tank a hit from zeus/cdd without shields if necessary, and the team has some utility in a delay/shield. Save orb changers for CDD and Zeus. Use one to kill CDD, and pop the delay and use the remaining 3 orb changes to kill Zeus.
Mythic stone dragon cave has a pretty good chance of mythlits for me.
Greed is what causes me to die. Trying to be greedy with orb changers and going for the kill with only 2 tpas is the kind of shit that gets me killed
Volsungir and rinshia, kind of.
She's wiping away a tear, you monster.
Is Shiva/Leilan/Leilan/Leilan/Ares/Shiva a decent team? Other fire monsters are Horus, 2 more Shivas, Belial, Antares, CyberBeast, Dino Rider and meatball dude.
The worst part is that doesn't even rhyme.
He's trying to we1gh less right now so he is easier to carry.
Whoops, I forgot about RKali and guessed LKali.
Wastefetchland - Land T: Add {C} to your mana pool. T: Counter target activated ability from a land (Mana abilities can't be targeted.)
Non existent, because your average doesn't have any of the sacred numbers in it (420, 69, 360 in order of desirability).
thanks for the heads up, I totally forgot coin descends give stones again
Kanetsugu is a descended dungeon that is relatively easy and drops lots of monsters (it doesn't matter what they are). 10x descends is an event, currently active, that makes monster drops from descended dungeons guaranteed to be + eggs. The next event (speculated to be the 9M downloads event) is going to feature Yamato Challenge, which means Kanetsugu will be available for the duration of that event. So if 10x descends is also happening next event (unconfirmed), then happy farming.
Mythical isn't either, but it's better.
Shoutout to Sha Wujing
Well, you should be able to output some serious damage with L/L Ra. You have a delay, and 3 turns should be enough to kill Zeus, assuming you can activate and get a good number of combos. RKali will help you guarantee at least one good board to burst Zeus. The only other thing I can think of is maybe pair with a Ra Dragon friend for extra damage because he has a similar activation condition to L/L Ra. Edit: even without godlike combo skill, Kali + yomi + sq is guaranteed huge damage which might be able to one shot Zeus if you use ra dragon.
Why did you stone yesterday and not during Kanetsugu?
Oh for me it was the opposite. I just threw a level 5 L. Izanami onto my Verdandi team to beat Kanetsugu easily but couldn't beat the red skydragon in PaD Z.
Why the hell is light xuanzhang even in descend carnival? He isn't used for any evos and he's hardly a useful monster.
Is there any case where I would want Alraune's delay over A. Susano shield or a second Liu Bei? I feel like christmas Alraune is actually pretty good on a Verdandi team. She has decent HP, a useful active assuming no status shield, very good rcv, and 2 heart enhances which I estimate are worth 300 rcv each. The recovery is just so damn good when Alraune is on my team, I feel like I'm playing a tank team with an rcv boost.
&gt; soon to be dead and gone You mean like 2 weeks ago?
No, just that 3x normals are no longer optimal now that 10x descends are a thing.
they don't have that much hp, so you can try to focus your damage onto one of them (preferably the light one) and just one shot it.
How do you match enhanced orbs when no awakenings?
Unfortunately, it's impossible to determine one's age (assuming age is defined as the number of birthdays that have occurred, and is not necessarily tied to the quantity of years).
I remember being pissed for rolling two of him in pcgf, because I didn't know what he was good for. Then I rolled a verdandi and looked at her ideal subs.
LOL. I'm not going to edit my post because it's hilarious, but I linked the wrong video by accident (not sure how that happened, probably autoplay went to the next video as I selected the URL). Thanks for the gold, even if I do feel pretty bad about fucking this up so hard.
Mech Satan: evo mats are evolved mech hera, mech Zeus, uvo z8.
great rinshia board though
Essentially. System also usually implies that the team has lots of copies of one particular monster.
The succubus complains of a severe headache! The succubus hits!
see NY Horus
I'm sure you'll be able to find another lucifer player to spend your day with.
How do you display your battery percentage in the icon?
Hell, I&amp;I/Ryune can clear arena (with a puppeteer).
Level 18 unevolved red riding hood was the mvp in Mephisto Descended today. She wasn't a god yet (so I didn't need to tama her), and she recovers 3 turns of bind while creating hearts that I can heartbreak for burst.
I'm guessing Q will become a skillshot to make her more similar to Diana or Fizz who have to hit a skillshot before they can faceroll enemies to death.
Saria is going to be jealous.
Pair her with akechi. Solves both problems.
I really like the really outdated or just plain misinformed advice/theorycrafting/discussion in the comments. It's hilarious.
If your board doesn't have the right colours, you can fix that with your two kalis. If you are having trouble with matching, that gets better with practice.
You can look through your messages and find a x-day login reward and then see how old that message is.
Bad rng.
Inb4 mech zera with 1500 weighted stats
Don't reroll. At some point, Ronia and AA Lucifer were the two most sought after starting rolls. The meta has changed but the early game hasn't. You'll be fine with those two leads until you get some more gods.
Not even that, a bit shift right.
Hi Melyn!
Unfortunately that's not a great design. EQR burst requires the player to hit skillshots, which can be dodged. Plants are autonomous and targeted, which is either frustrating (when they don't hit what you want them to) or brainless gameplay (when they do). Also, it isn't possible to depend on plants because their weird interaction with DoTs makes them extremely unreliable. I strongly doubt Riot wants to make her more like Yorick. Azir is probably the closest thing you will get to the pure summoner mage.
the dream green yomi team imo is 2 vishnu, osiris and verdandi
https://www.reddit.com/r/PuzzleAndDragons/comments/42dy7r/achievement_first_8_star_monster/
at first I thought the thing that you overcame was getting Karin swapped in thought "that's not bad"...
Reported.
Change the skill up system to a skill xp system. Each feed gives a certain amount of xp towards the skill level up. 2.5x skill ups replaced with 2.5x chance of skill great/super. First few skill levels are easier to get than the last few (not as curved as monster xp curve though). Piis grant huge xp roughly equal to now. Skill up fodder gives some xp. Baby piis give xp similar to skill fodder but work for all monsters of a colour and are semi-rare.
It would make skilling stuff too easy. The focus of this thread was to make the skill up system less unfun while not making it strictly easier.
It's lost revenue for Gungho. If they can get people stoning for stamina to run skill up dungeons, it's more profit for them. It's the same reason they make skill up dungeons 2x and 1.5x for certain days instead of having a flat higher rate all the time, it's to encourage stoning. Now you can call Gungho greedy but it's their game and they make the rules. If the suggestion is to just make skill ups easier in general, there's very low chance Gungho will implement it because it directly hurts their bottom line. If we instead aim to make skill ups less frustrating but cost just as much stamina, it's more more likely to be implemented because it won't hurt the bottom line.
It's because it's meant to be a zone control counter engage ult. It's not supposed to do the same thing as Sej ult or Ori ult.
