Not so much. People carry money all over their body, it's only the giant wallet in back right pocket people think as the "you can see it"... Plenty of people don't carry money there. The TV interpretation of "sorry I bumped into you" is just that, from TV
You can just "drop" them, so you only carry what you want..
For the record-after several hours of deep reflection-I am not looking forward to this.
Seven Riffle shuffles is the exact amount needed to perfectly randomize a deck of cards.
...it's pretty well known Noriega worked with/for the CIA, not the DIA.
I am one year older. This is easily in my top 10 of ask Reddit questions.
Let me be clear, in no way did I mean to dissuade people from voting for him. I hope anyone, everyone votes for someone. If you look at my original comment, and the question I was replying to- I hope you will see I was not trying to talk anyone out of voting for him. I was only answering a question. (of course I added my opinion about his chances, and maybe that was more than OP asked.)
OP asked "what is so great and different about Sanders?" I wrote "many things"-but yes, that he has no real chance. OP didn't ask does he have a chance or can someone convince me to vote/not to vote for Sanders.... Forget it. We each have our own outlooks.
You mean like campaigning for Bernie Sanders? I know that's not the most popular statement on the side these days, but I think OP's statement and mine share plenty of similarities.
Passed other bills, extended/expanded on existing bills.
Dude, it's not just a pocket knife; it's THE pocket knife. You would be amazed how often they come in handy on a daily basis.
Allowing Kanye to hold a microphone
"You're doing well, superman does good"-Tracy Morgan (Jordan)
Always cut the cards.
Played in the NBA for 10+ years, movies/major endorsements, now hosts an NBA show in a major cable network. Yeah, he's got some coin.
"When I was last with Mike Nichols.." Fuck. To be able to (truthfully) say that sentence..
http://www.reddit.com/r/announcements/comments/39bpam/removing_harassing_subreddits/ I wish I didn't even know
Throwing their weight around? I thought we had banned those people!?!
Put up some pictures. Try the website 52plusjokers.com Any particular era? Brand, location?
We know his guy is from the mid-west for 2 reasons: it's in his user name and he said "pop" instead of "soda"... Ohio?
You know what he meant. Chill out operator.
As has been mention numerous times in this thread, those wiki leaks articles were bullshit-from a defense contractor making guesses.. But they did their job! You, and several other people in this thread, believe it's true from a headline!!
Here I show my ignorance. Is that a brand or are you asking do I prefer a certain size grip?
Awesome, thanks
What's your vector, Victor?
Jesus. Fuck. Now I really want to see this movie, even though i've read the movie is not entirely true to life. I wonder if they showed Hanks a film of people in shock or anything like that, he seemed to really play that well. I like how they didn't sugarcoat anything with the pirate. The captain a safe all your friends are dead, done deal you're pretty much fucked. I had forgotten they teach the Navy SEALs Miranda rights.
Completely. The headshot heard round the world. This guy is unstoppable.
The point about 08' is a great one, however I don't see it happening for Sanders.
I am curious about your comment, is this the general perception of Thomas? That those are his overall goals while on the court?
This...is a childish answer
Of course. They don't care at all about your shit party...a person was pistol whipped!
It's most certainly true. More combinations than all the grains of sand in all the worlds beaches.
I'm not sure how this relates to my comment. Am I missing something? Did the joke go right over my head?
Yep.
Ahh yes, forgot about him. Thanks
I really really dislike subs that disabled the vote/down vote button. It goes against pretty much everything that Reddit is. I think subs that do this don't respect their users.
Bernie Sanders has no chance of winning the presidency
But is this really something no one wants to admit? I think if we are being at all realistic this is obvious.
...rekt
How was "sneakers"? Is you voice still your passport? Love your work sir!!!!!!
What would you suggest? (I haven't done anything to it)
I'm very surprised kids didn't break it up, that was just insane. Fights in high school often were broken up by other kids (after a bit)
Same with fool in the rain
Call and make a reservation. It's in Hollywood.
I highly doubt that the "alliance" is based on any real group, and the Magic Castle is worldwide not just a group of people from la
George Forman did this also, even the girls...
I kinda blew me away to see him say it. He fully knows his place, that he is basically a joke in the comedy world-but he isn't giving up.
I hope that person survived. I would assume this is a different type of skydiving then what Mr. Reynolds is talking about. What is seen here is a static line jump, where as soon as you exit the airplane your chute (hopefully) opens. There is no freefall in this type of jump.
Didn't USA air this version back in the 90's?
Capital punishment. The fact we still kill people as a country is insane.
Not the first true crime doc....ever seen "the thin blue line"?
Regardless of all the hate and bullshit, Bill (and Jimmy Carter) continued to do more for the world after they left office-Bill hasn't stopped and I bet Jimmy only stopped hammering nails the day after his cancer diagnosis. It's this type of person the office needs.
I'm sure there are rules for this-decorum and all that shit-but Bill gets to be called "Mr. President"
That's the California hotel..
So....the hand is quicker than the eye...?
Chips? Dips? Chains? Whips?
Boy, I wonder where he learned that way of speaking...
Sure, but OP is clearly a kid-someone new to magic. The YouTube thing is something to get used to-it's not going anywhere. Where else can someone like OP go for a little criticism and tips? Every kid who gets into magic drives their parents and family crazy showing them the same trick over and over and over, YouTube has just taken over that.
Dude flipped a switch pretty quick. Went from "to much bullshit" to "ASSKICKING savage" in .3 seconds.
Wrote you a PM. I didn't see your user name, my bad
Thanks for the reply, unfortunately I'll be at work for several more hours. Mind if I hit you up later on tonight?
Ugly, imo
Thx
Wow. That's very interesting, thanks for telling me something I never knew about cards. I love this type of stuff, thanks again
When you say "lit his ass up", do you mean he would get beat up like with fists or everybody would use their guns on him?
Is seen all the scenes, and I thought the edit was odd in a few places.... For instance, in 2-Anthony's party, party ends guests leave then it cuts to fabrizio being killed and Neri going to Vegas? Then it cuts right back to the attempted hit on mike?
I'm with elementary. It lasted about 2 weeks.
Ahh, thanks. I thought it was more for modifying the mag itself. I know people do some interesting things out here...
Does he appear to know what he's doing? I don't know anything about drumming, and it seems like you might.
No notes, but I met with a guy in Vegas one time and I wish I could've recorded everything he said.
Let's jump to conclusions. It's not a thermal camera. He video tapes the front of his house on. An obviously busy street.
If I bring in my pre-modded Sultan, do I have to do all the upgrades over again, or are they already in the car at Benny's? (I.e I already bought a turbo for the car, well I now have to buy it again?) How many paint job variations are there for the sultan? The rally lights actually turn on?
Nice. I'll just steal one at the prison
How many of you actually read the article? Guy was a nut-job
Where do you download the update? How can you find out if your system is on the current operating system?
Thanks
Just watched a doc about the making of the next generation, the casting, ship etc. lots of stuff from Delance and his thoughts on Q.
Is there a simple explanation to all this? In the past days there have been videos about these guys and from these guys all o er the front page. I know it involves money and....copyright?
Hey man, ITS ART!!!!
I love hearing "alright, she/he's going" in these videos. Cops have to deal with such idiots.
You know, I completely agree with you and now I feel kind of bad for making the joke. I was really just joking, I normally don't judge people on their appearance but the tone of the article and the pic....
Do you mean getting banned? I guess it is
Ditto. The dailies have also been doing this on and off for several days...
So, Snowden should also be charged right? He broke the same law.....
How, and where in CA, did you get a CCW???
Damn....I'm in the east bay...
No Vietcong never did nothing to me Edit: I was incorrect, I could have sworn that is what he said. This is as close as I could find: "Man, I ain't got no quarrel with them Viet Cong. No Viet Cong ever called me nigger."
He could get higher if he took a more volleyball-like approach. Swing his arms more.
Jessie Jackson
"Soldiers, Sailors and Airmen of the Allied Expeditionary Forces: You are about to embark upon the Great Crusade, toward which we have striven these many months. The eyes of the world are upon you. The hopes and prayers of liberty-loving people everywhere march with you. In company with our brave Allies and brothers-in-arms on other Fronts you will bring about the destruction of the German war machine, the elimination of Nazi tyranny over oppressed peoples of Europe, and security for ourselves in a free world. Your task will not be an easy one. Your enemy is well trained, well equipped and battle-hardened. He will fight savagely. But this is the year 1944. Much has happened since the Nazi triumphs of 1940-41. The United Nations have inflicted upon the Germans great defeats, in open battle, man-to-man. Our air offensive has seriously reduced their strength in the air and their capacity to wage war on the ground. Our Home Fronts have given us an overwhelming superiority in weapons and munitions of war, and placed at our disposal great reserves of trained fighting men. The tide has turned. The free men of the world are marching together to victory. I have full confidence in your courage, devotion to duty, and skill in battle. We will accept nothing less than full victory. Good Luck! And let us all beseech the blessing of Almighty God upon this great and noble undertaking." Eisenhower had this printed and given out to every person in the invasion.
This was in some ask Reddit thread a few weeks ago More combinations in a deck of cards than stars in the sky..
But hey!, we in vented napalm for those bats....
Somehow I doubt it's as simple as this headline makes it seem. We getting our news from fringe sites now?
Is there anyway to get that stupid gray banner off my front page telling me that the new app is out?
Then the exact same should be said for Snowden...
Did you see the "big short"? At the end, they show what all the characters are doing now. Christian Bales character is now following water.... And he saw the crash coming wayyyy before anyone.
No. As mentioned below, this happened on the third. Good chance it wasn't uploaded in 6 days.
Dude, your 19. Books you read now could be completely different in 10 years.
Bullshit. It's setting and presentation. The same magic tricks have worked for 100's of years and will continue to work. He wasn't the guy to "invent" the "blowing" trick.
IIRC, to many idiots where challenging JREF to prove the had the actual 1,000,000$. Not sure what, if anything, came from it.
I thought I heard Lennon said the same...
Wait, wat?
He smoked at a baseball game but you imply he got in trouble for smoking at his own concert?
I think general issue m16 only fire single shot. Army learned its lesson after Vietnam....
Wow. Never heard of this before. Powerful scene: http://youtu.be/sYjy7uUn7fc
Yep, and Astronauts. Go Bucks
Damn. I just watched a video about him. I thought the "flat ground Ollie" was a special trick, I didn't know you meant he invented the(to the layman)"Ollie". No shit he changed everything. Like inventing the jump shot.
Yes, I know about "easily" but it seems unsafe.
Up next after the break, water is wet
You must return with a review!
Also the same two on "big trouble in little China". Great stuff.
Thank you so much for your comprehensive answer. I never imagined it was such a polarizing subject.
Thank you, always good to get a different perspective.
No more than alcohol.
That's not magic. That a needle going thru his arm.
I see the three bubbles often in a text stream....and nothing is texted. I think more is coming and then nothing.
The OG Star Wars is rated PG, but in about the first ten minutes you see Aunt Beru's and Uncle Owen's burned corpses on the ground...
Wolfram, as in alpha?
Wow. Any things you would recommend to read about him? Links, stories etc?
So, they voted on it... Does hat make it just happen?
A world war style conflict in 10 years might destroy history books.
More evidence to this? Links?
Nuclear dirty bomb attack in the US
No, he shouldn't. Snowden broke several federal laws, some punishable by quite lengthy prison sentences. He knew what he was doing, he knew the risks.
The best of these clips are the "late night"/"all star" versions, with name players. They've all played with him in tournaments and cash games for years, it's all a joke to them
"I know a lot about hacking. And hacking is a very hard thing to prove. So it could be somebody else. And I also know things that other people don’t know, and so they cannot be sure of the situation.” Donald Trump
Doing this show when the guy I was with pierced his ear out of nowhere.
Wendy's burgers are square. Because they don't cut corners....
Flagg-he's from the stand, is he also in "the dark tower"?
You have no idea of the school or the situation. He could have been security. I have worked at "schools" for certain types of kids and we were trained on "restraining". Tile of the school was blue-the kids called restraint "going to the blueberry"
...can you provide a bit more
Oh well you seem to just be incorrect
Call them security, it'll all be good
I kinda thought that was obvious from the previews.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cohen_v._California
I think you mean it IS loaded until you've checked? And it shouldn't be pointed at anything you aren't willing to shoot.
Or no safety (glock owner)
They don't really have a choice
Are you out of your mind?
....isn't that money spent for legitimate reasons? As in aid to Mexico? Yeah... and his "plan"? I assume that's been amended since the "that wall just got ten feet higher" stuff?
Nice, thanks. Do you know if you get discounts on garage renovations as well?
Hahahahah. I was agreeing with you :) It's from "goodfellas"
He's a cop dude-they get away with stuff. Same with firemen.
Dude, Breaking Away!!! Loved the father in that, "refund!refund!refund!!!!" Once of Dennis Quaids earliest roles.
Maybe he knows a few forces, but that doesn't make him a "mechanic" in anyway.
Meryl Streep gives no fucks
Read "killing Pablo". The rumor in the special operations community is that Delta snipers shot him
Sadly, ignorance truly knows no bounds. Some people just refuse to except evidence that is right in front of their face. Just last night I was speaking with my roommate who claimed that it was common knowledge that United 93 was shot down. In his opinion, everyone including the government knows and freely admits that the plane was shot down. Of course this is the same person who thought England had a bigger navy than the United States....
The expert at card tables in public domain
I'm pretty sure all the reaction shots were from that speech, that's kind of the point
I'm confused here, did he say that or did you? If he did, when in the video?
That's an interesting bought, but I believe it's just the downforce. Downforce would be "upforce", as the car is held to the ground so much by the speed/design.
And....safe?
Sam Cooke. It doesn't get better
This is a live game, a human dealer? Don't you worry about cheating? Just because a shoe is used, doesn't mean u r protected
...thanks for that jewel. Don't think casinos haven't cheated their customers... maybe not today, in the bigger properties-but it a real thing. And an online, "real" dealer? Think it can't be done?
Yes, again I am aware. I only mean to say an online casino like this isn't the Wynn. It would be possible for this game to be cheated.
Maybe US politics? Cause, I mean...I'm sure in the history of politics..
Could you have found a more....original title?
Let's chill on giving out...words and phrases to laymen? Ok?
Water polo is far more dirtier than politics. If that's possible.
Etc is an abbreviation of etcetera-a Latin phrase, and there are many common Latin phrases used in the US and it's not like they are adapted from any country.
Is that what he meant?
Of course he talks about both of them that way. I wouldn't leave him in a room with a child. I honestly think Donald would have no idea what to do. The kid would be lighting fires and he'd be on Twitter
I was joking
Okay. Take the upvote good sir
He...wrote his own speech....? I can't "boycott" this in the interest of comedy. I'd say drink every time he screws up, which should be a lot.
I think he watched "generation kill"
Exactly. I'm sure, person to person, it is safer. But at the event...
Have you ever had a chance to handle Richard Turners "gold seal" bike decks? (He once had bike and bee made). They aren't produced any more. He used to work for USPCC as a "touch analyst" and he noticed, maybe after the move(?), they had changed their cutting process. His bikes, use Bee stock "Unlike most of the cards manufactured today, the cutting blade used in traditionally cut cards starts at the face of each card and punches through to its back. As a result, a sharp edge is created on the backside of each card and a rounded edge, which facilitates a flawless weave during each shuffle, is formed on the card's face. " I'm a collector, but I'm not just blowing smoke. These things handle incredibly. Ever hear of bicycle "mandolins"? They are the "809" version, very close to the rider back.
Not a trump guy. I listen to his podcsst, I have for years
Star Trek
If you've been around this forum for any length of time, you would know the answer to your question. No more heists.
Rapid GT is a sleeper. A "stances" car, elegy/comet etc is quite a bit faster than the stock version.
Ever see those blue windbreakers, with FBI in huge gold letters?
Reminds me a lot of Bil Burr
You said that, link might have helped. They look like cards, with marks. Not sure how new and incredible their marking system is. I don't see mention of a stripper in there. Check out Richard Turners gold seal bikes, or mandolin back bikes. Are you confused as to what a stripper deck is?
She certainly did, full video up too
Newstead used to live near me (Bay Area), all reports were he was cool as well. Saw him at Safeway a few times...
"... The lion by its claw"
How are those preteen years treating you?
California.
Wut
Gotta give the dude credit though, he enunciated the word "period" like a rabid lunatic
I wonder the ratio of upvotes of people who just liked all the acronyms vs the people who caught the reference. Great post.
A few people you know will die in 5-10 years, some could be close friends
USPCC still makes them for every conflict, I've got a deck from "desert shield"
But we are just so proud there were "no arrests during the D.C. Women march"......
Read "shogun"
If anyone has seen the GIF of the two couples getting out of the limo on the WH steps (the first time), to walk up and greet leaving Pres and FL. Obama kindly waited for Michele, and they went up together. Trump gets out, and walks right up. Melonoma was several steps behind. Donald gave no fucks. Edit- http://i.imgur.com/LIDInog.gifv
Maybe not a myth, but according to my room mate "everybody" knows flight 93 blew up in the air. No flight recorder etc. "totally shot down" He also said it was in the report, but refused to bet me....
-have you ever seen, or heard of, any cheating/advantage play at your table/casino? If so, do you know the method? -are dealer taught to check dice, look for all the numbers etc?
I'd be interested to see if those also include "presidential findings"
Yes, thank you for that William Sapphire. The problem was due to posting with my voice on my phone. :)
And they are gone. Not with a bang but a whimper
"Tea, a drink with Jim and Beam"
And this order http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/us_5888fe00e4b0024605fd591d
"Every man, woman and child lives under a nuclear sword of Damocles, hanging by the slenderest of threads, capable of being cut at any moment by accident or miscalculation or by madness. " John F. Kennedy
Watch "true detective" if not for her because it's incredible
Trumps hands
