Property taxes are extremely regressive, much more so than sales taxes (which aren't really regressive at all in our case, due to their many exemptions).
Since the bridge opened, they've had to tear down the old bridge, and add 2 more lanes to the new bridge. Perhaps they couldn't add the pedestrian lane until that work was finished.
There's a lot of negativity from people here, but from what you're saying here, I think you've got the right mindset to appreciate a move. If you enjoyed living in Newfoundland, just for the sake of being somewhere new and getting a fresh start to live more independently, then I bet you'll have a blast in Vancouver. You should go for it.
Yeah it's pretty funny, when people talk about how many "self-made" billionaires there are, they're often referring to people born into families that were "only" at the 95th percentile for wealth. [For example](http://www.cnbc.com/id/49167533), Forbes considers 70% of American billionaires to be "self made". But that group includes not only people like Mark Zuckerberg, whose parents were a dentist and a psychiatrist (and thus would be in the wealthiest 5% of families), but it even includes people who inherit "medium-sized companies" or more than $1 million (but less than $50 million) of start-up capital.
&gt;Despite the the outcry of hippies and Reddit, the demand for oil is not going to go away soon That's beside the point though, because the proposed bitumen pipelines are not needed at current production levels. If we maintain current levels of oil sands production for now, and then start to gradually reduce production as we reduce our dependency on petroleum fuels, we will not need these new pipelines. Alberta is already pumping a lot of oil, we don't need to triple oil sands from current production levels (1.8 million barrels/day) to 5.2 million barrels/day by 2030, which is the stated intention of the 4 pipeline proposals. Our country is supposedly aiming for a 30% *reduction* in greenhouse gases by 2030, yet we're going along with the oil industry's plan to *increase* oil sands production by 200% over the same time span? Those goals are incompatible, and to me that's a problem. &gt;95% of the gas used by Metro Vancouver gas stations comes through the TransMountain pipeline But isn't that irrelevant to the proposed twinning of the pipeline? As far as I'm aware, none of Metro Vancouver's gas will come through the additional pipeline, since it will be carrying unrefined bitumen, to be loaded onto tankers and shipped straight to China.
Ha, you don't have to be a hippie to disagree with the pipeline proposals. Well let's look at it this way: oil sands production in 2012 was 1.8 million barrels/day, and that oil got to market via existing transportation options, mostly existing pipelines. I can't find numbers for 2014, but in [2013](http://www.energy.alberta.ca/oilsands/791.asp) production was apparently 1.98 million barrels/day. Now the following pipelines have been proposed, to enable a major expansion of the oil sands: Keystone - 830,000 barrels/day Energy East - [1.1 million barrels/day](http://www.transcanada.com/news-releases-article.html?id=1746092) Transmountain - 600,000 barrels/day Northern Gateway - 525,000 barrels/day Add those up, and it's over 3 million barrels/day in *additional* capacity for moving bitumen from the oil sands, on top of the capacity already exists. Even if no pipelines from the oil sands currently existed, that would still be overkill at current production levels. [This Toronto Star article](http://www.thestar.com/business/economy/2014/01/31/why_is_keystone_so_important_to_supporters_and_opponents.html) lists most of the numbers I mention above, and also shows a helpful graph showing the Canadian Association Petroleum Producers' plans for oil production until 2030. And it just so happens that their plans include about 3 million barrel/day of oil sands growth, on top of all projects already operating or under construction. So the 3 million barrels of additional pipeline capacity will be necessary for the oil sands to expand production by an additional 3 million barrels/day. But at current production levels, they are basically not needed. Now don't get me wrong, if someone supports the rapid expansion of the oil sands, then it would be reasonable enough for them to also support these pipeline proposals. But personally, as someone who thinks we've all been kicking the can down the road on climate change for too long, and that we should significantly increase our efforts to begin transitioning away from fossil fuels, I don't support the further expansion of the oil sands (especially considering the magnitude of the proposed increase), and therefore think the pipelines would be a step in the wrong direction.
Well I appreciate that you're willing to consider my points. And for what it's worth, I'll admit that a lot of people on "my side" of the pipeline issue are quite irrational about it, and their voices are often the loudest. But that doesn't mean there aren't also logical reasons to come to a similar conclusion.
That's part of the equation, yeah, because they sell to the U.S. for somewhat of a discount (although I think that discount has become smaller lately, since the price of oil fell).
I could be mistaken, but I'm under the impression that similar rules already exist for car-pedestrian collisions and rear-endings: the driver who collides with a pedestrian is presumed to be at fault unless they can demonstrate otherwise, and a car that rear-ends another car is presumed to be at fault unless they can demonstrate otherwise. That's what they told me in driving school about a decade ago.
You don't have to rent in a brand new building...
&gt;In the case of pedestrian-car incidents I don't necessarily think that law is correct either. A pedestrian shouldn't be able to get away with jaywalking and getting hit. But if the pedestrian jaywalked, then in most cases it will pretty easy for the driver to demonstrate that fact, by pointing out the absence of a crosswalk at the place of the accident, or by using eye-witnesses. And this is still only necessary if the pedestrian was at fault but disagrees or chose to be dishonest about what happened, rather than agreeing with the driver.
&gt;Libs had their chance to change things for the better, irt Aboriginal Affairs, and they also dropped the ball. By "dropped the ball" do you mean "lost an election to Harper"? That's the reason the Kelowna Accord got shelved. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kelowna_Accord
Just like how the fixed election date is "fixed", except when it's 2008 and the PM feels like calling a snap election. The Tories don't *have* to stick to their anti-coalition stance, but they will anyway, because the Liberals would not form a coalition with them anytime soon. Forming a coalition with the Conservatives would put the Liberals in the same squeeze that the UK Liberal Democrats were in: progressive/centrist voters will lose faith in the Liberals for all of the right-wing policies that get implemented, while conservative voters will give credit to the Conservatives for those same policies, and the extent to which the Liberals reigned in the Conservatives' worst impulses would be hidden and unknown to the public. As a centrist party, being a junior coalition member is not a good place to be.
Which part of the argument did you find convincing? It seems to me that she's talking out of both sides of her mouth. She and the finance ministry say that a reduction in foreign housing investment would have little impact on housing prices, but they also say it would reduce residential real estate sales. Those two statements don't seem to add up.
[Quarry Rock](http://www.vancouvertrails.com/trails/quarry-rock/) could fit the bill. Quite easy, transit accessible, and ends with a beautiful view.
I just don't see much benefit to the Liberals aligning with the Conservatives, and I see a lot to lose. For centre-left Liberal-leaning voters like myself who are fed up after 9 years of Harper, it wouldn't matter who the leader of the Tories was; if the Liberals helped them to stay in power, it would send us straight to the NDP camp. Letting the NDP govern might not be a bad option for the Liberals, as it would: A) allow for many of Harper's worst ideas to get reversed, which Liberals would appreciate (even if they don't get credit for it politically) and B) set the Liberals up as the moderate-but-still-progressive option to replace the NDP, in case the NDP either prove to be too ideological for the electorate's liking, or just make some mistakes in general (as most governments do). A disappointing term by the NDP could put the Liberals in a very good position to capitalize in the following election, among Liberal-NDP swing voters who want a change from the NDP, but don't want the Conservatives back in power.
&gt;That is not at all what Christy is saying. She doesn't think foreign ownership is the problem, and Vancouver city can take steps to solve this instead of just asking for a tax raise. Every time she speaks on this issue, she stresses the importance of preserving equity for homeowners, implying that it's a valid reason not to support policies that could help Vancouver's housing prices to decrease (or even increase less rapidly). For example, she argued against a tax on foreign home-buyers, on the grounds that ["By moving foreign owners out of the market, housing prices will drop".](http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/british-columbia/b-c-premier-christy-clark-opposed-to-taxing-foreign-homeowners-1.3072443) &gt;Gregor is putting on a show admitting there's a problem. The amount of effort he'll put into this will be equivalent to the amount of effort he puts into his ending homelessness promise. Well Gregor and the city have been approving a lot of new housing development, and I believe they're now trying to collect data on empty homes. Obviously the city should do more, but as far as I can tell the province is literally doing nothing to try to address this issue. What do you think the city and province should do?
I'm not sure I agree about the middle-class people being the most affected by a decrease (or stabilization) of housing prices. People with multiple properties can sell off their extra one for profit, and thus benefit from high prices, whereas most middle-class people need to live in their house, so while technically higher housing prices mean they have more wealth, the increasing real estate numbers don't really affect their life (except for requiring higher property tax payments). They might want to move to a more expensive property at some point, but if their property *and* the prospective property have both fallen in price (since we're assuming a decrease across the whole regional market, not just targeting one person's property), then it'll actually be cheaper for them to make that jump. Let's say someone owns an $800,000 property and wants to upgrade to a $1,000,000 property, then it's a $200k difference. But if property values fell 20%, then they now own a $640,000 place and the place they want is $800,000, so the difference is reduced to $160,000, and they save $40,000 compared to before. The middle-class homeowners who benefit most from high real estate prices in Metro Van are those who either plan to downsize and pocket the difference (and maybe use it to buy some vacation real estate elsewhere), or plan to move outside of Metro Van, to somewhere with cheaper real estate. Both categories would more often be the empty-nest baby boomers on the verge of retirement, not the 40-something couple working and raising a family in the city. So essentially, I'm not sure I agree that most middle class homeowners will be hurt by stabilized or decreased housing prices, but I absolutely agree with you that this is a generational issue, first and foremost.
The living conditions in which they are raised can often be considered abuse: [Non-graphic image of pigs at a factory farm](http://www.motherjones.com/files/factory-farm-630.jpg) [Another non-graphic image of pigs](http://static1.squarespace.com/static/53c4b06fe4b03a89bfc573b3/53d85539e4b08cf75c2dba40/53d8553ae4b08b2eaf66340f/1406686534869/farmpig.jpg) If dogs were spending their entire lives locked in confined spaces and then were slaughtered to have their corpses eaten, there would understandably be outrage. I wouldn't want my dog to have had that life. And that raises the question: why is it wrong to treat dogs that way, but it's completely okay to treat pigs like that? Are pigs incapable of suffering?
What sorts of harms are you concerned about? Regarding, let's say, a tax on absentee homeowners (who own residential property in the city but leave it vacant and unused for 11+ months per year).
That's one part of the problem, yes, and there's an inevitable inertia on that front, due to populist public opinion against rapid re-development, which the politicians can't ignore. The other part of the problem is that we now live in a globalized world and wealthy people in developing countries want somewhere stable to park their wealth, in case their home country tries to seize assets (due to political turmoil or any other reason). Those wealthy international investors seem to be disproportionately choosing a few particular cities around the world where they would like to do so, one of which happens to be Vancouver. Interestingly, a British bank did a [poll](http://www.cbc.ca/news/business/almost-half-of-china-s-rich-want-to-leave-the-country-barclays-says-1.2766823) of their millionaire customers from China, and found that 47% of them plan to leave China within the next 5 years, whereas the comparable numbers for United States and Japan were 6% and 7%, for instance.
Okay fair enough! The conversation on this topic jumps around between the many different proposals people have come up with, so I sometimes get mixed up about which one people are referring to. Absentee homeowners tax? I think it's a good idea, which addresses the core issue. Foreign investors tax/limits? Not sure... Luxury condos tax? I don't really have a problem with it, and it's a progressive way of raising revenue I suppose, but I'm not sure it'll really address the issue of housing affordability very much.
An absentee homeowners tax is possible within Vancouver's powers? I hope that's true. It would actually be ideal if this was introduced as a city-wide policy rather than province-wide, since there are vacation communities in the Okanagan and elsewhere where it wouldn't make sense to apply a tax to absentee homeowners, for their cottages and so on.
Hmm you might be right, I can't say for sure. But at the same time, I'm not sure how *much* that sentiment had spread to the general voting public, by that point. Often there's a delay, and first an issue is only well-known among those who closely follow the news and politics (eg. everyone on a subreddit like this), or closely follow that type of topic (eg. environmentalists or oil and gas development proponents), and then people who don't pay close attention to the news gradually hear about it and form opinions later on. I think Kinder Morgan entered the pubic radar a lot more in 2014, when city councils started declaring their opposition and protests started happening, because that's the stuff that puts it on newspaper headlines and makes it a household conversation topic.
Well here's what our society needs to look like in the **long run**, let's say 50 years from now. I'm basing this off of an interview I listened to, which featured an environmental economist who had worked on a report, looking at what it would take for Canada to reduce emissions by 90%: -Electricity must be almost 100% provided by non-emitting sources, meaning hydro, nuclear, solar, wind, and geothermal. Currently I believe we're in the 70-80% range, so this is actually very achievable, but it'll mean we need much more power from those sources (obviously) and will need to better connect the electric grids between provinces. For example, BC's grid may need more connections with Alberta's to help them eliminate coal use. -Personal transportation will need to be almost entirely electric-powered. Public transit systems, electric cars, and maybe hybrids. -For freight transportation, electric batteries might not be able to provide enough power, so biofuels could be the best solution here. -Heating systems for buildings should be powered by electricity, instead of natural gas -Heavy industries and factories will be the most difficult, since a factory that is built can last 50+ years, rather than being replaced every couple decades like vehicles are, so in 2065 we will still have factories and equipment that were built in 2015. So adding carbon-capture-and-storage (CCS) may be the most practical option in many cases, so that the industries still create emissions, but those emissions would be re-directed to be buried deep underground In terms of public policy needed to achieve this vision, the most important thing is to have a carbon tax, so that polluting is no longer free and must be taken into account in business (and personal) decision-making. And that carbon tax should steadily increase, to create more and more incentives for people to innovate and transition away from highly-polluting activities and fuel sources. The good thing about carbon taxes (rather than a more heavy-handed regulatory approach) is that it allows individuals and businesses in the market to decide for themselves what the most cost-effective way of reducing their emissions would be. Because sure, we can sketch out how we envision our clean-energy society looking in 2065, as I did above, but the future is dynamic and people might find more efficient ways of reducing those emissions sources than the ways I outlined. So using a carbon tax, rather than top-down regulations that require specific changes, allows them the flexibility to find the best approaches. BTW I have absolutely no idea why you got downvoted here. Puzzling.
&gt;It's very clear reading this sub what demographic dominates. The range of opinions expressed in this sub is much narrower than most members would probably like to admit. &gt;Any worldview other than that of the middle-class straight white male 20-something is not only treated as alien, but hostile and threatening. It's pretty pathetic TBH. I don't disagree at all, and reminds me of something I was wondering recently: does anyone know of some good places online for quality discussion of politics and social issues, that have more of a balance between the genders? I like this place and plan to continue posting here, but I've realized that all of the message boards I frequent (here, a couple other subreddits, and a couple other message boards) are probably very male-dominated (likely 80%+), which becomes completely apparent anytime a gender or feminism-related topic is brought, and means certain ideas that fit the "bro-culture" take hold and become unquestionable. For example, the ease with which concepts like "rape culture" are dismissed out of hand is frustrating. It's particularly frustrating because it usually seems like most people in those conversations have never actually given the topic much thoughtful consideration, yet they'd instinctively decided they disagreed with the concept without even learning what it was, and became fervently opinionated about it without even a basic understanding of what the term is all about. And just to be clear, I am male (and straight, mostly white, and in my 20s...), but I also wish I could hear opinions and discussion from people from a more diverse set of backgrounds, as people's opinions and worldviews are very much shaped by their experiences and circumstances.
It means the event combines Vancouver stereotypes/trends in a way that basically feels like it's creating a charicature or self-parody of Vancouver. Not that that's always a bad thing...
&gt;NDP better get their shit together for the next election. That, plus people under 40 need actually go to the polls, and remind their friends to go to the polls.
&gt;I get they're different, but there's a similarity between the obviously psychopathic "I'm hurting this animal because it's fun" and the more common "I'm hurting this animal because it tastes good". That's a good point, and reminds me of something I thought of recently: Most people would consider killing to be as bad or worse than rape. Most people also would never have sex with an animal, no matter how pleasurable and amazing it felt, because they would consider that wrong and unethical, since an animal cannot consent. Yet most people *would* pay to have an animal killed so they can eat its corpse for pleasure, without finding that unethical. Why? Are people's ethical justifications determined entirely by social norms, in this case? After all, it is legal and socially acceptable to kill an animal, but not to have sex with one, even though the killing arguably causes more harm.
I don't know if you've ever been vegetarian, but for me it was cheaper (and arguably healthier) than eating meat.
&gt;yes, you can have a lovely plant based diet by deforesting huge swathes of land, planting crops, and raining pesticide all over the place. You have to destroy things to feed this many people. It's not debatable. Perhaps you weren't aware, but much more crops are required to feed people with meat than with plants, since those animals have to eat many times their weight in plant-based-foods, before their death. For every 10 pounds of plant protein fed to a cow, only approximately 1 pound of it gets converted into meat protein. It's a lot more efficient to grow and eat plant proteins directly.
Your calculations look fine, but $5 per drink seems high, since I'm assuming a 6 pack of beer would not cost anywhere close to $30 in Ontario... I think it's better look at it this way: $43/month for the average adult Ontarian. And considering that many people drink rarely or not at all, I don't find it that hard to believe.
Well it was first implemented in 2008 as a $10/tonne of CO2 tax, and then it increased yearly to $15, $20, $25 and then $30/tonne, which is the rate that it is currently frozen at. The current $30/tonne tax adds 6.7 cents to the price of a litre of gasoline, and [applies to other fuel sources as well](http://www.fin.gov.bc.ca/tbs/tp/climate/A4.htm), with tax rates based on the amount of CO2 that they create. Currently the tax applies to [70% of all of BC's emissions](http://www.fin.gov.bc.ca/tbs/tp/climate/A6.htm), since it would be more difficult to apply the tax to non-fuel-related agricultural emissions or deforestation. BC carbon tax has been billed as [revenue-neutral](http://www.fin.gov.bc.ca/tbs/tp/climate/tax_cuts.htm), because all revenue from the tax has been returned to the public in the form of [other tax cuts and grants](http://www.fin.gov.bc.ca/tbs/tp/climate/A2.htm). More specifically, the revenue has been used to reduce income taxes, reduce corporate taxes, send a tax-rebate to all low-income residents 4x a year (along with GST rebates), and provide a grant to all rural residents. The key concept and reasoning behind the carbon tax, is that air pollution and greenhouse gas emissions are a [negative externality](http://www.economicsonline.co.uk/Market_failures/Externalities.html), which harms other parties, but will not be properly taken into account in an individual's decision-making. This results in a market failure, where markets will over-produce goods which cause harm to people outside of the transaction (everyone other than the buyer or the seller), since the buyer and seller will be acting in their own self-interest, and not fully considering their impact on everyone else. The carbon tax is meant to account for those external impacts, to bring an individual's private costs of polluting more in line with the full costs to society. Here's a Globe and Mail article about BC's carbon tax: http://www.theglobeandmail.com/globe-debate/the-insidious-truth-about-bcs-carbon-tax-it-works/article19512237/ &gt;At the same time, it’s been extraordinarily effective in tackling the root cause of carbon pollution: the burning of fossil fuels. Since the tax came in, fuel use in B.C. has dropped by 16 per cent; in the rest of Canada, it’s risen by 3 per cent (counting all fuels covered by the tax). To put that accomplishment in perspective, Canada’s Kyoto target was a 6-per-cent reduction in 20 years. And the evidence points to the carbon tax as the major driver of these B.C. gains. &gt;Further, while some had predicted that the tax shift would hurt the province’s economy, in fact, B.C.’s GDP has slightly outperformed the rest of Canada’s since 2008. And here's an academic article about BC's carbon tax and Stephane Dion's carbon tax proposal, from a UBC poli-sci professor, considered from more of a political angle: http://www.standupeconomist.com/pdf/carbon/2012.Harrison.TaleofTwoTaxes.pdf Let me know if you have any other questions, and I'll see if I have an answer.
Do you plan to own a car, or will get around on transit and/or bicycle? That plays a big role in determining which neighbourhoods would be a good fit. Also do you have preference between a more suburban or urban lifestyle, or don't really care?
It's how our system normally works. Politicians are supposed to consider evidence and expert opinions, weigh that against public opinion, and then choose a solution and explain their reasoning to the public. And then the public get a couple years to see how it turns out, and pass judgement at election time. Instead, the provincial government decided to leave the decision about transit funding *entirely* up to public opinion, which IMO isn't wise for a topic as complex and important as the long-term development of our public transportation system, given that most people have no expertise in any relevant fields, and don't have that much knowledge on the subject. A plebiscite would be better suited to a more simple question like "should the drinking age be 18 or 19?", not this.
&gt;*bikes go to where sidewalk is, and &gt;*pedestrians either leap into False Creek and swim for it, or they build a pedestrian terraced sidewalk. They're going to widen the bridge at the North end, so that the extra car lanes can be accommodated without bikes having to go on the sidewalk. [This](http://vancouver.ca/files/cov/detailed-map-of-proposed-upgrades-at-burrard-pacific-intersection.pdf) diagram of the Burrard-Pacific intersection and [this](http://vancouver.ca/streets-transportation/burrard-bridge-and-pacific-street-intersection-upgrades.aspx) image will help.
&gt;The majority of people in BC own their homes. Therefore, the majority of people - voters - would be fucking pissed off (to put it mildly) if she took action to lower the value of their primary asset that they are relying on for absolutely every bit of their savings and retirement. Not exactly. For a lot of people who live in their house and don't plan on downsizing or moving to another city, their property value is largely irrelevant, as long as the rest of the market moves with it. For example, my parents' house has increased in value by 150% since they bought it 20 years ago, but if it had only increased by 50% or 100%, there would be no real difference to their lives. EDIT: I removed a point about property taxes, because it was incorrect.
Good point. I'll remove the part about property taxes from my previous post, since it was incorrect and wasn't really the key point anyway.
&gt;The fact that Moonbeam bought a house in Point Grey, supported negative changes to vital city infrastructure that would only benefit a very small portion of residents at the expense of everybody else because "bicycles", then sold the house at an absurdly inflated price is completely and utterly insane. The house you're referring to was not in Point Grey, nor was it on Point Grey Road. It was on Stephens St., which is a block past the end of the Point Grey Road bikelane. He also abstained from voting on that bike lane. And as someone who has never lived in Kitsilano or Point Grey, I've used Point Grey Road more times since it was made safer for bicycles than I ever did when it was designed solely for cars. So the changes have benefited me, and probably many others who aren't residents of the area.
You're right, one sidewalk is probably enough for the *number* of pedestrians that cross, but I think the change is mostly so that fewer pedestrians will have to cross the intersections before and after walking across the bridge, since Burrard-and-Pacific is apparently the 2nd most dangerous intersection in the city, in terms of car accidents. There's a lot going on, with a large number of cars, bicycles and pedestrians, so I think they're trying to simplify the design to reduce the chances of collisions and make it safer for all modes. To make up for the lost car lane, they're widening the Burrard-and-Pacific intersection to have 4 car lanes there (2 straight-through and 2 right-turn lanes), since presumably that intersection would be the root source of most traffic slowdowns on the bridge.
Do you know where you'll be living? And are you an undergrad or grad student?
I drive, and I take transit, and I bike. I wish people would stop viewing these issues as a fight between the different modes of transportation. We're all just people trying to move around the region, using the methods that fit our situation and needs.
Port Moody and Coquitlam combine for 160,000 people, plus Port Coquitlam, Pitt Meadows and Maple Ridge combine for another 150,000 people, and they will benefit by having closer access to Skytrain, even if it doesn't directly reach their communities.
&gt; It would scarcely crack many people's top 10, far below jobs, the economy, health care, education, the environment, and a few other things. That's exactly the case for me. I don't like Bill C-51, but I can think of at least 8-10 issues that matter more to me, so if I'm happy with the Liberals on most of those issues then I'll have no problem voting for them.
Macleod's used book store (at Pender and Richards), since it sounds like you're into books. Or the library, of course.
And what exactly would this accomplish?
Yes, they could scrap Burrard Bridge yoga day, and it would save enough money to buy 1/3rd of a bus. Personally I'm hoping for more transit improvements than that.
Both owned by the same company, both work in the same building, and both love to criticize bike lanes (one more aggressively than the other). It's an honest mistake.
The owner of the next bike he steals will care.
I drive a car, but I don't really care about this event. Why would it piss me off?
Sure, I understand general criticisms like that, but the fact that I drive a car isn't really relevant to it. I guess I'm just tired of the idea among some car drivers that we must unite and be outraged anytime someone intrudes on any of "our" road space, as though this is our territory to defend from invaders, like cyclists, pedestrians and yoga-people. I just see it as public space that can be used for a variety of public purposes. Using road space for other purposes isn't always a good idea, but it's not always a bad idea either.
Fortunately the Granville St Bridge is about 6 blocks away.
They could propose market-based solutions like carbon taxes or cap-and-trade systems, which are considered a more economically efficient solution to emissions reductions than direct emissions regulations anyway. The carbon tax revenue could be used to fund cuts to income taxes or corporate taxes, [as it has in BC, where I live](http://www.theglobeandmail.com/globe-debate/the-insidious-truth-about-bcs-carbon-tax-it-works/article19512237/). Unfortunately, anyone suggesting a carbon tax would be completely unelectable in the GOP primaries in 2016, no matter how many other taxes they offer to cut, to make up for it.
Thanks. And no, I wasn't asking sarcastically.
There's a difference between A) constructively discussing ways to improve our city and suggesting ways we can make those changes a reality, and B) bitching and complaining and being negative about everything, and shooting down any constructive suggestions people put forward. This subreddit has too much of the latter, and not enough of the former.
I for one would be happy to see content that is relevant to Canadian society, but isn't Canada-specific. I also hope we'll see lots of ideas-oriented postings, rather than only postings about recent events.
&gt; school breakfast programs I don't like cutting that at all. The problem with assuming that people always make the best choices for their family and are perfectly rational, is that they aren't. I'm not okay with letting kids born with bad parents go hungry, simply because their parents were given enough money to afford to feed them in theory, but spent the money at the casino instead.
&gt;...This understanding offers us a fairly straightforward idea of moral progress: it means including ever more people (or beings) in the group of those whose interests are to be respected. This too is an ancient insight: Hierocles, a Stoic philosopher of the second century, describes us as being surrounded by a series of concentric circles. The innermost circle of concern surrounds our own self; the next comprises the immediate family; then follow more remote family; then, in turn, neighbours, fellow city-dwellers, countrymen and, finally, the human race as a whole. Hierocles described moral progress as ‘drawing the circles somehow toward the centre’, or moving members of outer circles to the inner ones. &gt;**We can see the moral progress of recent centuries in these terms: we have witnessed an extension of the circle of respect and concern to various groups such as women, Jews, non-whites or homosexuals. And in these terms, we have come a long way. But it is equally clear that there is room for improvement. Part of imagining what our great-grandchildren will condemn us for is therefore imagining how the circle might widen further.** &gt;... &gt;**We can also turn our question around and ask, what will our great-grandchildren admire us for? When we look back, we admire those who courageously challenged the norms of their day, such people as Gandhi or the Suffragettes, Martin Luther King or Nelson Mandela; people who widened the circle of moral concern. We have the chance to do that, too. And if we manage, then perhaps our great-grandchildren will forgive us our sins.** This article is not Canada-specific, but I think it offers a lot of compelling ideas for us to consider, and it raises questions that force us to step back and consider the implications of our society's practices from a distance. For the sake of sparking conversation, I'll post a passage of each of the main ideas separately here, since they're each worthy of their own discussion.
&gt;1) Rights for future generations. Currently, only people alive now can claim rights. But just as we have extended our circle of moral concern among the living, so it can be extended in time. The problem is clear: we often make decisions that will have impacts on people far into the future – such as producing nuclear waste that will remain toxic for millions of years – yet those future people are not here to stand up for themselves. Neither defining nor granting these rights will be easy. But there are precedents on which we can draw, such as the ways we protect the rights of small children or animals, who also cannot speak for themselves. &gt;So our successors will have to be imaginative in creating a framework robust enough to defend the unborn in the face of the interests of those alive today, with which they often conflict. For we should be under no illusions: to take the rights of future generations seriously would involve massive restrictions on our freedom of action. Currently, we despoil the earth and seas with impunity to enjoy a luxurious lifestyle (by historical standards). In 100 years, this will be seen as wickedness comparable to colonial powers despoiling their colonies. Though our successors will be appalled by our consumerism, we will not find it easy to adjust to more modest ways.
&gt;2) Rights for other conscious beings. This too is a plausible extension of the circle of moral concern, and one that is already underway. It is no longer in doubt that non‑human animals feel pain and indeed many more complex emotions too. They therefore clearly have interests, such as to run free, or pursue social interactions appropriate for their species. To take account of the interests only of humans and not of other animals is therefore increasingly regarded as speciesism – an unjustified discrimination akin to racism or sexism. &gt;The situation for other species is apocalyptic: humans have never raised so many animals for slaughter – five times as many today as in 1950 – while our impact on the environment is causing other species to become extinct a thousand times faster than normal. There will be many difficult decisions ahead as we try to balance human interests against those of other creatures, or the interests of individual animals against the species or the ecosystem. But our descendants will not excuse us for failing to make these decisions just because they are difficult. More likely, they will curse us for killing all the rhinos, and find our consumption of factory‑farmed sausages as morally repulsive as we now find cannibalism. &gt;As soon as our computers become conscious – and they will – then this extension of concern will apply to them, too.
&gt;3) Opening the floodgates. The widening of the circle of moral concern means that employers in the US, for example, can no longer refuse someone a job because he is black or white, Jewish or atheist, disabled or dyslexic – but they can if the applicant is not American. The same applies in most other nations: states can withhold rights and services, and employers can (or even must) withhold jobs just because of the passport someone carries. In 100 years, people might be impressed at today’s levels of welfare and prosperity in the industrialised world, but appalled that access to them depends on the lottery of whether you were born in London or Lagos. &gt;In a world rapidly growing together, this is bound to change. Of course, there will be a great deal of resistance, as there is already to immigration in many wealthy countries. People do not give up their privileges lightly. And it will have its price: strong welfare systems depend on a sense of moral community that could easily be threatened by more migration. &gt;This is closely related to the point that everyone should have the same rights to healthcare, welfare, etc, not just regardless of where they come from, but also regardless of where they are. In other words, we should be doing everything we can to alleviate suffering everywhere. This poses further challenges: influencing conditions in other countries is not so easy as within one’s own borders. Effective action will require nations to give up more of their sovereignty to supranational unions. This too will face fierce resistance. But eventually our descendants will regard themselves as global citizens – and will be appalled that we let 19,000 children every day die from preventable, poverty-related causes.
&gt;4) Healing criminals. At the moment, we lock up extraordinarily large numbers of people. In the US alone, two million humans are in prison, ruining not only their lives, but also making their dependents and communities suffer too. But in 100 years, no one will believe we have an absolutely free will and therefore that anyone chooses to be a criminal. Indeed, there is evidence that we lock up those who are least responsible for their decisions – those with the least capacity for self-control, those who suffer from addictions, or who are mentally ill. In the UK, for example, more than 70 per cent of those in prison have two or more mental-health disorders; in the US, more than three times as many people with serious mental illnesses are in prisons than are in hospitals. &gt;We will not find it easy to decide whom to treat, how radically and when; nor to extend understanding and sympathy to those who have committed the worst of crimes. But our great-grandchildren will be appalled at how we locked up millions of people when we should instead have been helping them.
&gt; It's not like child welfare laws would be scrapped at the same time... Of course, but even with those in place, there are still many negligent or abusive parents who maintain custody of their kids. I think there are certain public services that exist for very good reasons, and wouldn't be adequately or equitably provided by the private sector, and thus shouldn't be replaced by a simple cash payment. We can't always assume the recipients will spend the money well, unfortunately, because we aren't nearly as rational as we sometimes like to think.
To be fair, it's a 7-hour shutdown on a Sunday, and there's an 8-lane bridge located 6 blocks away, so it really shouldn't be that big of a deal for commuters. The controversy is mostly about optics (which are only getting worse with her tweet lol), rather than much actual inconvenience.
Abstaining means you get attacked from both sides, and makes it easy for others to portray you as being indecisive.
So I'm curious: with a vote like this, where is the public expected to find out about the details of the plan? I followed the campaign closely, and very little of the media coverage gave a detailed explanation of what the tax increase would pay for. During the entire 5 month campaign, I only saw one single news article that showed a map of the region, with proposed improvements indicated. Most of the media coverage was about Translink's controversies and the talking points from the "yes" and "no" sides. I don't think it's realistic to expect the entire voting public to visit the Mayors Council website to check out the details of the proposal, so it makes sense to me that the "yes" side would advertise, to help the public get a better sense of the rationale behind this transit plan, and what it would include. Anyway, this whole vote was a stupid idea. If previous transit improvements had been put to a plebiscite like this, the Millennium Line, the Canada Line, and the Evergreen Line probably never would have been built.
&gt;Seriously every couple of days he was spreading some bs that was debunked every time. "Vancouver is going to permanently shut down the Lions Gate Bridge!!!!!" Sure, that story got debunked the next day. But the eye-catching headline always gets more attention than the debunking, and it does the intended job of leaving some voters feeling outraged and afraid of the "war on the car".
We don't *need* a bike-share program, but it will improve the city and make it easier for people to get around, just as other types of publicly-funded infrastructure have. It might not be profitable (especially right away), which is why the private sector wouldn't want to leap in, but even if it takes a reasonably small level of public subsidies to keep the program going, I think it would be worth it.
&gt;I hate it when celebrities weigh it stuff they know nothing about I don't see why we would assume celebrities can't be well-informed about an issue. They can spend their time reading and learning about societal issues, just as anybody else can.
Oh I know, I found their website very helpful and I read through the plan there. But realistically, the vast majority of people won't bother to do so, and the media didn't do a great job of providing the details of the plan (since they focus on the "latest controversy", which gets more clicks than simply providing informative content), so that's a problem. So that's why I think it was justified for them to spend money advertising the plan and informing people about what we're voting on.
Right, and that's why I think it was important and worthwhile for city councils to spend money on promoting the information, since otherwise very few people would see those websites or know the full details of what we're voting on.
I didn't suggest that *all* celebrities are well-informed, just that they can be.
Living in the West End and going to school downtown, you'll be fine with just a bike and your U-pass (a full transit pass that is in included in your school fees). There is good transit coverage within the City of Vancouver, and there are bikes lanes and recommended bike routes that make it reasonably easy to get around by bike.
No problem! Are you completely new to Vancouver then? By the way, here is a cycling map of Vancouver: http://vancouver.ca/files/cov/map-cycling-vancouver.pdf And you can see some transit maps here: http://www.translink.ca/en/Schedules-and-Maps/Transit-System-Maps.aspx And if you aren't aware, Vancouver's transit system consists mainly of buses and a Skytrain system, which has 3 lines: the Canada Line, the Expo Line, and the Millennium Line.
Chinatown is in the northeast part of downtown, mostly along Pender and Keefer.
&gt;I really care about climate change, about the importance of evidence in policy formulation, about a criminal justice system that is focused on rehabilitation and not retribution, and about an economic system that doesn't give the most to those who need it least. Hear, hear.
&gt;They're not "so called visible minorities," they're the majority The previous article on this subject said that Chinese make up 47% of Richmonders, meaning that there is no majority group.
That's not what the word majority means. &gt;[Majority: a number that is greater than half of a total](http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/majority)
&gt;At the end of the day, 2% will put us tied for the best corporate tax rate in the country with SK and BC Not quite true: 12% will give Alberta the 4th lowest corporate taxes in Canada. BC is at 11% (thanks to having a carbon tax), Ontario is at 11.5% and Quebec is at 11.9%. The other provinces are all at 12% or higher. But I agree with the essence of what you're saying: Alberta will still have a very competitive corporate tax rate after this increase. And pardon my language, but it's not exactly a shit-hole that *needs* to have the very lowest possible tax rate in order for businesses to consider operating there.
That could lead to a severe housing shortage. When there is a shortage of something in a market, prices are meant to increase, in order to decrease the amount demanded and increase the amount supplied, until they match up again. Prices are a way of allocating a scarce commodity. By artificially holding prices down (at $1 million, say), you're ensuring that the demand for housing will exceed the supply, meaning that there will be people who are willing to pay the going rate, but are unable to find housing, because there is simply not enough being provided to meet the needs of everyone willing to pay that price. Something needs to be done about housing affordability, but I don't think price controls are the answer.
What superficial reasons are cabinet ministers going to be chosen for?
I don't want the bubble to pop, I just want it to gradually deflate, or even just stop growing.
Harper refused to participate in the broadcaster consortium's standard debate that usually occurs during the middle of the election campaign (which attracted over 10 million viewers last time). He basically says that he will only participate in debates hosted by other media groups, so this is the first of those alternative debates. http://www.theglobeandmail.com/news/politics/harper-agrees-to-take-part-in-foreign-policy-debate/article24542803/
&gt;those ads are disrespectful to Canadians and to our culture. I don't think I can agree with that statement. For one thing, we don't have a single homogenous culture in this country, and there are over a million Chinese-Canadians who are just as Canadian as you or me, and the ad is certainly not disrespectful to them or their culture. But even setting that aside, I don't really see the disrespect in general. Would it be disrespectful to place an English-language advertisement in France or Japan? In my opinion, no. I do agree that Nanaimo is an odd place for such an ad, but I view that more as a potentially poor marketing decision than a sign of disrespect.
&gt;I have a boatload of second and third generation Chinese Canadian friends, and none of them can read any Chinese dialect. Right, but it is understood by over a million Canadians. &gt;And yes, for me, placing an English only sign in France and Japan would be disrespectful because it's their country, and it should be in their language as well. Let's keep in mind that we're talking about an advertisement, rather than a sign intended to help you find something. An advertisement could include no text at all and that would be fine, but including Chinese text isn't? Anyway, if you think English advertisements in non-English countries are disrespectful then that's fair enough, but we'll have to agree to disagree, because I don't see any issue with that. We may just have different views regarding multiculturalism and the extent to which different groups of people should accommodate or tolerate one another.
I would like for immigrants to integrate with the community at large, but I am comfortable with letting them decide for themselves the pace at which they will do so. I expect that if I moved to another country, I would be more at ease spending time with other people who shared my first language and cultural norms (at least for the first few years there, until I gradually became more comfortable with the new language and culture). So I can't really fault immigrants for mostly sticking to their own groups in the early years after arriving. And once they've established a social group, it's not too surprising they would continue spending time with that group for many years, which might make them seem exclusionary even after they had become more comfortable spending time with other groups.
Yeah the downvote brigade came here shockingly fast, burying any comments that even remotely suggest Chinese language advertisements are acceptable to display in our country. Either somebody used a lot of accounts to downvote, or there's a lot of pent-up race-based anger on this subreddit. Maybe both. Anyway, I fully agree with the points you're making; you've made good posts in this thread.
Yeah it's bizarre how much pent-up rage this place has towards anything Chinese-related. I've never seen anything like it (except the time I stumbled across a White Supremacy website, which unsurprisingly was even worse, but more directed towards blacks than asians).
I don't support foreign ownership of residential property either. But that doesn't justify the hostility towards Chinese people for having a Chinese-language advertisement on a bench, as demonstrated in this thread. It's nuts.
Haha it sure was!
And those memories are irrelevant to the present issue, since Broadway isn't being done as cut-and-cover.
If the plebiscite fails, which takes a sales tax (my preferred option) off the table, then I'm guessing there will be a year or two of municipalities bickering at each other about how to proceed, and then eventually they'll raise property taxes and add a cent to the gas tax, or something along those lines, similar to how they funded previous transit expansions. They'll probably raise enough revenue to fund the Broadway subway and LRT in Surrey, but not enough to buy many of the new buses and Skytrain cars that were in the proposed plan. It's also possible the City of Vancouver might have to increase taxes on its own to fund part of the subway, but that would be pretty unfair IMO, since 50% of people traveling on the Broadway corridor live outside of Vancouver, and Vancouver has contributed its funding to transit lines in other municipalities, like the Evergreen Line. Transit is a region-wide endeavour for good reasons, and will hopefully remain that way. One other consideration is that the federal NDP and Liberals have both hinted that they plan to invest more in infrastructure and pay more attention to the issues facing cities (like transit and housing), so if one of them forms government after the October election, then they might offer to pay for a larger portion of the costs. So maybe instead of funding it with the usual model of approximately 33% feds, 33% province, 33% Translink, maybe it could become 50% feds, 33% province, 16% Translink.
&gt;I believe it is fully costed but the 1% will most likely just end up either sheltering money or moving to another country if they are retired and mobile. If someone is retired, they usually won't have an annual income over $200,000, and thus wouldn't be affected by the tax increase. &gt;It is very easy to move countries while you are in the 1%. But not everyone in the 1% wants to uproot their family and move their entire life to another country, just to avoid an extra 4% in taxes on income over $200,000. And not everyone in the 1% can leave their country while holding onto their high-paying job (or immediately find an equally high-paying job in their new country). Republicans predicted disaster in the US when Obama raised the top tax rate from 35% to 39.6%, but instead the economy kept growing, the unemployment rate kept falling, it raised the revenue it was supposed to raise, and the doomsday predictions didn't come true. I don't expect the sky to fall in Canada if the Liberals raise the top tax rate from 29% to 33%, in fact I think it'll mostly work as planned. Don't get me wrong, if you kept raising the rates repeatedly, sooner or later you'd reach a point where it does more harm then good and you don't gain revenue any more (for example, France's recent 75% tax on millionaires was probably too high), but I don't think 33% is anywhere near the limit.
I think people will still care about C-51, but as the election campaign gets going and more issues get attention, it'll become just one of the many issues people consider, when deciding who to vote for. I don't like Bill C-51 at all, but I need to see the parties' stances on a lot of other issues, before I decide whether I'll vote for the Liberals or the NDP. I know I'll never agree with a party on everything, so it's matter of which one reflects my priorities more.
&gt;As long as you can refuse to register. I'm just curious, but why? Is there any downside to being registered to vote?
&gt;As an aside, it really astounds me the number of single issues that people seem to allow to determine their vote. Yeah it's pretty bizarre, but to be honest, I think people are exaggerating and aren't being fully honest when they say that on here. I expect it's mostly a rhetorical tactic to emphasize *just* how strongly they disagree with something. But when push comes to shove, that one issue wouldn't outweigh all of the others, if that was the choice they had to make. For example, I support gay marriage and might say that I would never support a prime minister who was against it. But that's not really true. If Trudeau and Mulcair came out against gay marriage while Harper announced that he strongly supports it, then it wouldn't persuade me to vote for the Conservatives, who I strongly disagree with on many other issues. I would still vote Liberal or NDP, despite being disappointed with them on the issue of gay marriage. Now realistically, any politician who opposes gay marriage in 2015 would probably be one that I disagree with on many issues, due to having a very different worldview. But in *theory*, it's entirely possible I could vote for someone who opposed gay marriage, if I happened to agree with them on many other issues (tax policy, environmental policy, other social policies, science policy, foreign policy, etc.).
Well they've said it would be an extension of the Millennium Line (which currently ends abruptly at VCC-Clark, just east of Central Broadway), so sticking with Skytrain technology is the only thing that makes any sense here, and they seem to recognize that.
Yeah exactly, I think your "canary in the coal mine" theory is right on point. Good examples.
Well they're counting by hand, so I believe they said to expect the results by late June.
&gt;Having an Agricultural Land Commission restricting the supply of useable land for development over the past 40 years really doesn't help matters either. I disagree, I'd say the ALR has been a great thing overall. Paving over prime farmland to build more car-dependent sprawling subdivisions where people have to drive 20-40km to get to work is not the answer. We need to build upwards, not outwards.
&gt; They physically cannot add more rail lines or cars at this point I actually just saw on CBC's The National a couple days ago that London is in the middle of a $40 billion rail transit expansion, and are currently tunneling 40km of new subways. https://en.wikipedia.org/?title=Crossrail
In other words, the gun ownership rate is about 3x higher in the US.
Shockingly yes, [according to Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Number_of_guns_per_capita_by_country), there's about 0.88 per person in the USA. And this website suggests there's about 300 million in total: http://www.gunfaq.org/2013/03/how-many-guns-in-the-united-states/ &gt;Based on consolidated information from the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, there are about 300 millions guns in the United States. &gt;“There’s no perfect estimate of firearms in the U.S. because creating a national registry of firearms is prohibited by federal law,” noted Alex Katz, a spokesman for Mayors Against Illegal Guns. “But academics and interest groups across the political spectrum broadly agree on the 300 million figure.” &gt;New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg’s Mayors Against Illegal Guns coalition also quotes the figure, as does the National Rifle Association (NRA). &gt;“The number of privately owned guns in the U.S. is at an all-time high, upwards of 300 million, and now rises by about 10 million per year,” said the NRA’s Institute for Legislative Action in a firearms safety fact sheet released Jan. 17, 2013. &gt;A November 2012 report titled “Gun Control Legislation” from the Congressional Research Service also supports that number, though ranks it a bit higher. &gt;As of 2009, the report states, “the estimated total number of firearms available to civilians in the United States had increased to approximately 310 million: 114 million handguns, 110 million rifles, and 86 million shotguns.”
18k per household with kids? Are you sure about those numbers?
Do health care and education count as "free shit"?
Minimum wage is not a government expenditure. Abolishing it won't give the government more money to spend on basic income.
&gt; So I was thinking I can wear white jeans, and a buttoned shirt, along with blue sneaks, with my hair combed. That sounds fine to me, but I would wear black or dark-coloured dress shoes instead of blue sneakers. The rule of thumb I've heard is to dress one level nicer for the interview than what you would wear in the job, so I think a full suit would be overkill for an interview at Tim Hortons. Best of luck!
&gt; 1) Where are the best grocery stores/markets? If you're living on campus, then the nearest groceries stores for you are a Save on Foods on campus, as well as a Safeway (at west 10th avenue and Sasamat) and a No Frills off campus (at west 4th avenue and Alma). All of them are accessible by transit. No Frills is easily the cheapest, but has much less selection (and a very poorly-stocked produce section). There's also a little market on campus called "Granville Island Produce", which has a good selection of fruits and vegetables, as well as some other grocery items. It's in what is called "The Village", near University Blvd and Allison Road. &gt;3) Any advice for acclimation? (Im from teh Midwest) In the winter we get lots of rain, but very little snow. I think we had just one day of snow in the past year, and that's pretty typical. In terms of temperature, the summers peak at around 30 degrees celsius, and the winters bottom out just below 0 degrees celsius. The summers are really nice, so get outside and enjoy it while you can! It'll probably be beautiful weather from July-September, then October is like a transition month, and then November-February has a lot of rain, then March-April is a mix, and then May onwards is really nice out.
&gt;Is downtown Vancouver an easy trip, or is it a mission? Downtown Vancouver should be a very easy trip. From Lonsdale Quay at the foot of Lonsdale, you can catch the Seabus, which takes you to Waterfront Station in downtown Vancouver in just 15 minutes.
&gt; You actually picked a great example of why a party might change its stance on something. In 2008, the only province with any Carbon strategy was BC, and Dion wanted to enact a similar strategy across Canada. Now, however, after years of inaction by the Conservatives, Ontario and Quebec have adopted strategies of their own. **Rather than force these provinces to ditch their chosen method of carbon reduction**, the Liberals would allow each province to choose which method works best for them, as long as it contributes to a broader federal goal. I agree with you that it's entirely reasonable for parties to change policies after losing elections, including the Liberals in this case. However I don't think the bolded is quite right. I don't see any reason why implementing a national carbon tax would force the provinces to abandon the carbon reduction policies they've already implemented, whether that is a carbon tax or a cap-and-trade system. They can easily stack, like how the GST doesn't prevent a province from also having a PST, and the federal income tax doesn't prevent a province from having a provincial income tax.
What do you mean by elitist?
Okay, but a government can work on addressing more than one issue at a time. And one could argue that having more effective democratic processes will make the government more accountable, and will cause them to more effectively address those other issues.
&gt;Firms and states will just pay the extra taxes because fossil fuels are such a cheap source of energy that it is still profitable. That's the whole point of the carbon tax: polluting becomes less profitable, which thus makes it more profitable to use less energy, or use it more efficiently, or use forms of energy that create less pollution.
&gt; **It is never to late to do what is right.** He needs to change his position if we wants those voters back. If electoral reform is an election issue well the Liberals are a bit late to the game the NDP have been running elections on that for 40 years. They already own that file. It is in politics, unfortunately. The public and the media will label you a flip-flopper for admitting you made a mistake, which is a big part of the reason why politicians are stubborn as hell.
Heads up to my fellow renters and anyone else who has changed address in the past few years: if your driver's license (or other photo ID) won't show your current address on election day in October, then you'll also need to bring a utilities bill or something that you can use to prove you live at an address in that riding. You can no longer use a voter ID card to prove your address. &gt;The controversial Fair Elections Act the Conservative government introduced last year did away with the practice of vouching, which allowed someone with required identification to vouch for someone who did not at a polling station on the day of the vote. &gt;The legislation also removed the ability to use a voter identification card as a way to prove where one lives. &gt;... &gt;**Elections Canada is reminding voters there are three ways to prove identity: show one piece of government-issued identification with your photo, name and current address; show one piece of identification with your name and a second one with both your name and address; or, show two pieces of identification with your name and have someone you know attest to your identity.**
When you say "the government's wallet", do you mean the pool of funds that is used to pay for our education system, health care, infrastructure, etc., or do you mean that politicians are embezzling the money and keeping it for own personal benefit? Don't get me wrong, I don't like increases to the price of craft beer either, but it is worth remembering that the money ultimately goes back to the public in some form or another.
That's reasonable, and I agree that this particular tax increase probably isn't a great idea, as they should be creating conditions where this local up-and-coming industry can thrive (and definitely not put it at a disadvantage compared to the bigger beer companies).
I'm not aware of any statute in BC requiring that you must replace your drivers license every time you move to a new address. I moved 10 times in the past 6 years (most of which were moving to and from my university when I was in school), so if that were indeed a rule, then I would have had to replace my drivers license almost twice a year, at a total cost of about $200. That seems unnecessary and excessive to me, since a drivers license in BC is valid for 5 years. In reality I only replaced it once during that time, and I'm genuinely not planning to replace it after my upcoming move, since it is valid until 2018. However I will of course inform the insurance company of my move, as that actually is legally required. Anyway, this conversation has probably run its course, as it's now pretty far off track. Cheers.
&gt;And its completely unrealistic to believe that oil production to stop. Of course it is, but that's a false dilemma. There is plenty of middle ground between shutting down the oil sands entirely, and increasing oil sands production by almost 200% (which is the oil industry's stated intention for the four major pipeline proposals). To put numbers on it: oil sands production in 2013 was 1.8 million barrels per day. The Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers says they want to expand production to 5.2 million barrels per day by 2030, which would be enabled by the Kinder Morgan, Northern Gateway, Energy East, and Keystone pipelines, as they would combine for approximately 3 million barrels per day of capacity. So building these pipelines would mean *increasing* oil sands production by almost 200% between now and 2030. Meanwhile our country recently announced its goal to *reduce* greenhouse gas emissions by 30% over that same time period. Those goals aren't compatible, and given the choice, I prefer that we put more efforts towards the latter. So I'm opposed to the pipeline proposals, but I don't want us to shut down the oil sands any time soon. I just prefer that we maintain current levels of production (and then gradually reduce production over time), instead of dramatically increasing oil sands production in the coming decades.
&gt;If you're moving within B.C, you need to change the address on your driver licence within 10 days according to ICBC. Thanks, I'll have to look into that. &gt;But none of that matters: You will certainly be able to vote on election day, and suggesting otherwise is just ignorant fear-mongering. &gt;Worst case scenario: You continue to refuse to update your government issued ID with your current address, and then show up at a polling station without any documentation to establish your eligibility to vote. Elections Canada will have you complete a declaration where you state your name and address, then your ballot goes into a sealed envelope and is only counted after your eligibility to vote is confirmed. If it turns out you are not who you say you are, or you do not live where you say you live, your ballot will be disregarded and you could face charges under the Elections Act. I haven't heard of that before, but I hope it's true. &gt;I know, I know. It is the end of democracy. If you say so. I never suggested any such thing.
Unless it's not one of the main pollutants that cars create.
Definitely. I just don't want people to come away with the idea that cars aren't significant polluters, based on this article's semi-misleading comparison.
It's possible to enact a policy that is good for society *and* good for themselves. This is a prime example.
The post-graduation job hunt is frustrating and there's a lot of luck involved, but it just takes persistence, so keep at it. Remember: you'll never again have as little work experience as you have now, which in theory should make future job searching a little easier. For me, it took 6 months and 35 job applications before I got a job after graduation. You're definitely not alone on this.
I'm starting to think this will be the issue that tips the scales and costs Christy Clark the 2017 election. Recent polling seems to suggest that many homeowners recognize the consequences of this, and want the government to do something to address the ever-escalating housing prices, so it's not just renters that are displeased.
The difference is that Harper has been in power for 9 years, and could have acted sooner rather than waiting until 4 months before the election to announce new funding (which, incidentally, won't start arriving until at least 2 years from now). Mulcair and Trudeau have not yet had that opportunity.
That's hard to believe. CIBC increased my limit to $1000 when I was only halfway through my bachelors degree, and that was also after the 2008 crash.
I'm left-leaning and I've supported a carbon tax years. We should be glad that some right-leaning people are getting on board with it, and agreeing that A) greenhouse gas emissions and climate change are a problem that needs to be addressed through public policy, B) we know of an efficient policy mechanism that can help to addressing it. Right-wing people aren't evil, they just have different priorities and values than left-wing people on some issues. So the fact that some of them agree with us on this issue should be something to celebrate and build on, not something to be discouraged by.
General rule of thumb: If an article's headline ends with a question mark, the answer is "probably not".
Try googling the government of Canada "job bank", it's a website where, if I recall, you can search specifically for jobs intended for students. If you'll be quitting the job in September when you go to school then it'll be generally tough to find a job, because not many stores or restaurants want to hire for just 2 months (I had that problem a few summers). Try looking for positions helping out with summer camps and sports camps, since those are specifically summer-only and would fit your time frame well. Or maybe landscaping or picking berries or something seasonal like that.
Sales tax is about as stable as it gets, as the revenue doesn't fluctuate too much during recessions, compared to income taxes or corporate taxes. What type of tax do you think would be more stable?
Gas tax revenues are declining, while the population is increasing. That means there will be less transit coverage per person, so without new funding to buy more buses, they'll have to move buses from low-ridership routes (mostly in the outer suburbs) to high-ridership routes where the buses are full (mostly in urban areas), in order to save money. Having more revenue would allow them to maintain or even increase service on the less-profitable routes in places like Port Coquitlam, Maple Ridge, Langley, etc., as well as increasing service on high-ridership routes. The allocation of buses would no longer be a zero-sum game, since they could buy 400 new buses. [Here's a map showing the cost-per-passenger of every bus route in the region.](http://movingforward.discoursemedia.org/cost-of-bus-data/)
&gt;But, they are saying that they are going to decrease those routes, win or lose. Source? I see the Province newspaper saying that, but I don't see any direct quotes from Translink saying that. All I see is "In some areas, if you can get more passengers, or more ridership, then you’re better off". &gt;So why on earth would anyone expect people who live in those areas to lose service but **subsidize the very expensive subway to ferry foreign students to UBC**? Now you're either trolling, or have no idea what you're talking about. A) About 80% of UBC students are Canadian B) The vast majority of foreign students live on campus or in the surrounding neighbourhoods, ie. areas where the Millennium line extension on Broadway wouldn't even go yet. The students who would use the Broadway line most are the commuters from East Van, Burnaby, Coquitlam, New West, Surrey, etc. And there are a huge number of non-students who live, work or spend time at places near the Broadway corridor or at UBC, who would also use the line. But nice attempt at injecting some subtle xenophobia as an argument against improving our region's infrastructure. "It's not for you, it's for the *foreigners*!"
With the caveat: &gt; But within certain principles we’re following, and certain service levels we want to maintain.” So yes, it sounds like they will continue to look at which routes are under-performing, and whether they should be reduced and replaced with more service on better-performing routes, or new routes. And perhaps that will mean less service on certain routes in the outer suburbs. But of course, Translink's most vocal critics have always been whining that they should be more "efficient" with the money they have, and this is what that looks like. Would you be happy if they stopped trying to optimize their routes and find inefficiencies, and stopping evaluating which ones are worth the cost?
Confirmation bias in terms of what? Who am I not thinking about? I'm open to having my views challenged and criticized, but I genuinely can't tell what you're criticizing me for. And for the record, I lived the majority of my life in a car-dependent outer suburb, and don't *want* them to cut service in those types of areas. I think there is value in providing at least a basic level of service to a wide area of the region, even if it is more expensive, so that the transit-reliant people in those outlying areas still have access to it. But I also recognize they have competing demands and have to balance multiple priorities, and there has been a lot of pressure on them to be less "wasteful". So when budgets are tight and there are routes with more demand than the buses can currently satisfy, it might make sense to increase the number of buses there, which unfortunately means decreasing elsewhere. How much should they prioritize covering as wide an area as possible, versus moving more people by focusing on high-ridership routes and areas? It's a tough question, with no concrete answer.
I hope so, and I think younger people are completely turned off by them, but I'm guessing they must find attack ads to be more effective amongst many older people.
&gt;True but Harper was very good at operating a minority government. His first few years were all minority governments. That is true, but he had the advantage of a strong Bloc Quebecois, which prevented him from being outnumbered by the Liberals + NDP. The Liberals and NDP would have had to gain the support of the Bloc if they wanted to govern, and balancing the interests of 3 parties would be too difficult. If the 2015 election results in the Liberals + NDP holding more than half of the seats, it's very possible they could make an arrangement where one of them will govern with the conditional support of the other.
Yeah I know people who voted Conservative last time because they felt like their main priorities matched (tough on crime, low taxes, etc.), but are disappointed with the actual policies and actions taken over the last 4 years, and will be choosing another party. I do also know people who voted Conservative and will do so again, but I think a lot will switch, which is good and healthy in a democracy.
Yeah Hastings Sunrise is a good suggestion.
Trudeau has stated he supports increasing Canada's contribution to training Iraqi and Kurdish troops that are fighting against ISIS.
&gt; Liberal gov: The NDP better whip this vote because with out them our backbenchers are going to sink this thing &gt; Passes by 25 votes [The NDP cast 17 votes in favour of it, and 1 vote against it.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Members_of_the_38th_Canadian_Parliament_and_same-sex_marriage) They could have all stayed home, and it still would have passed, with the support of most Liberals and Bloc members.
Here is how the Conservative Party MPs voted on this issue: In 2005, [3 Conservatives voted in favour of recognizing same-sex marriages and 93 Conservatives voted against it.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Members_of_the_38th_Canadian_Parliament_and_same-sex_marriage) Then in 2006, after Harper came to office, [110 Conservatives voted to ban gay marriage, and just 13 Conservatives voted against banning same-sex marriage.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Members_of_the_39th_Canadian_Parliament_and_same-sex_marriage)
People give a fuck because they would like some insight into the values, worldview and thought-processes that the country's most powerful politician uses when making decisions, before deciding whether or not to vote him into power again. If he no longer supports banning gays from marrying, I would be interested to know why he used to hold that view ([and voted to ban gay marriage 2006](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Members_of_the_39th_Canadian_Parliament_and_same-sex_marriage)), and why his views have changed.
Among the cabinet ministers, it seems like it's the somewhat more moderate ones that are leaving or left (John Baird, James Moore, Peter MacKay, Jim Flaherty). Not a reassuring sign.
If you'll be using transit 5 days a week or more then you should go for a monthly pass, it'll be cheaper and more convenient.
I'd say dress one step more formal than what you would wear in the job.
Since everyone else is predicting a "no", I'll step out of line and say 52-48 for the yes-side. Vancouver votes 70% yes, Burnaby, New West, Richmond and the City of North Van vote 50%+ yes, and everywhere else has majority no votes. I'm guessing Township of Langley and Maple Ridge will have the highest proportions of "no" votes, excluding places like Bowen Island that have less than 15,000 people. And no, I'm not confident in this outcome, but it is a possibility. And I do expect my ordering of the municipalities to be pretty accurate.
Especially considering we had 10 weeks to vote...
But why are remarks made on that topic (approximately 5 years ago, if I recall) treated as though they are of more importance than actual policy ideas put forward by the Green Party?
Wards vs At-Large voting is an interesting question, and there's definite pros and cons to each. Wards allow for representation closer to the people, but potentially leads to councillors to focus too much on the interests of their neighbourhood and ignore the impact on others (and thus more NIMBYism and political fights between different neighbourhoods). At-Large voting allows councillors to consider the big picture instead of just the needs of their own neighbourhood, but it also makes it more difficult for independents or lesser known people to get elected through grass-roots campaigns, and means less direct representation for people. I really don't know what I'd prefer. I currently like the way the current system reduces the amount of neighbourhood politics and allows councillors to focus on the big-picture and get things done, but I do see real merits in having a ward-based system, and understand the concerns that the current system makes local politics overwhelming for most voters (how can they possibly have an opinion about so many candidates?), and thus has negative impacts on voter engagement and their representation. Interestingly, there have been 5 referendums/plebiscites on this topic since 1970: &gt;1973: 59 per cent of voters chose to keep the at-large system. &gt;1978: 52 per cent voted in favour of reinstating a ward system. However, the provincial government's amendments to the Vancouver Charter, the legislation that governs the city, specified that Vancouver's electoral system could only be changed with a 60 per cent majority vote in a referendum. &gt;1988: 56 per cent majority in favour of wards, which was not enough to meet the 60 per cent required. &gt;1996: 59 per cent voted in favour of keeping the at-large system. &gt;2004: 54 per voted opposed to adopting a ward system. http://searcharchives.vancouver.ca/vancouver-b-c-electoral-reform-commission
&gt;I used to live in South Vancouver and in my particular area I would feel safe in saying that it was probably 95% east indian, and when walking up Fraser St, which was the closest major street to my house you could see that most shops were catering to Punjabi people with a scattering of Chinese bakery's. According to the 2011 Census, in the neighbourhood of Sunrise (which you refer to), people's first languages are as follows: 31% - English (or English + another language) 27% - Hindi/Punjabi/Tamil 18% - Chinese/Mandarin/Cantonese 8% - Tagalog (Filipino) 2% - Vietnamese 2% - Spanish 1% - German 11% - Other The percentage who speak English (or English + another language) at home is 53% (18990/36120). Also worth noting that 85% of residents there speak English (30555/36120), and another 4% speak English and French (1605/36120), while 11% speak neither one (3935/36120). What you say may have been true for your street or a few blocks around Fraser St, but is that really enough for it to be a homogenous ethnic enclave, where most immigrants don't interact with people from other backgrounds? Based on the information for the entire neighbourhood, which shows it to be very diverse, it seems unlikely.
&gt;Edit: saw your comment about doing it online....yeah, that's the way it should go soon, I hope. Just an FYI: the Census can be filled out online, and that's the recommended option. I did mine online in 2011.
That's fair, and to be honest, I don't know much about Tamil. I grouped them together because the previous poster remarked about the amount of East Indians living there, so I didn't want to be accused of downplaying the amount of Indo-Canadians in the neighbourhood, by splitting them up into separate categories.
&gt;Hint: Guess where we're getting tin and other li-ion battery resources from? Could you just tell us instead?
Yeah STV is just too complicated. MMP or IRV (ranked ballots) are the way to go if we do electoral reform IMO, preferably ranked ballots.
As of the last Census, Saanich-Gulf Islands has an average household income of $70,814, which is in line with the country's average, not "one of the wealthiest in Canada".
People don't have to join a party in order to vote or volunteer for them though. Is the inability to become a BC NDP member really a big deal for a lot of LPC members?
To be fair to us Canadians, most of our leaders aren't as right-wing or backwards as Harper or Ford, but perhaps it's just the bad ones that get attention across the border. For example, most Canadian big cities actually have pretty good progressive mayors right now, but of course Rob Ford the crackhead was the only one getting attention beyond his own city, because who cares about a mayor in Vancouver or Calgary doing a decent job? And regarding Harper, the simple answer is that he was very right-wing, but he was strategically very intelligent and willing to set aside some of his ideology in order to maintain power. He understood the Canadian electorate well enough to know that trying to restrict gay marriage or abortion, or trying to privatize health care would prove everyone's worst suspicions about him, and high-profile issues like those would kill his political chances. So he left those issues alone and didn't take a lot of big actions. Instead he focused on other issues that wouldn't attract the same level of negative attention (suppressing scientists, cutting environmental regulations in the hopes of promoting more fossil fuel development, gradually cutting funding for public services) and made a lot of incremental changes that added up over time. But more than anything, his government used their decade in power to block progress from being made on a lot of issues, simply claiming to be a steady hand at the wheel instead, but eventually the people got tired of Harper, and booted him from office a couple months ago. So now we've got a Liberal majority government under Justin Trudeau, who has promised to legalize marijuana, invest more in public transit and other infrastructure projects, invest more in clean energy research, raise taxes on the wealthiest 1% and lower them on middle incomes, and so on. So it's exciting times now to be a liberal in Canada.
Gotcha, that makes sense, and I suppose it depends on the level of involvement that a person is looking to have. That does highlight the problem with the NDP's policy of having members at one level automatically become a member at the other. It might not be a big problem in a province like Ontario or the maritime provinces, where there are 3-party systems with parties that have a federal equivalent, but in BC where it's basically a 2-party system that doesn't match federal politics, that policy could be deterring a significant number of potential members.
&gt; Clark is a strong campaigner, she would need to be trailing in the polls at the start of a campaign for the opposition to have any hope of winning. **She is not**, and will not be baring some unforeseen event. Though they are infrequent, provincial polls have showed the BC NDP in the lead for the past year (check threehundredeight.com). Clark's approval ratings have sunk significantly since the last election, and now hover in the 30-35% range. That's not good. Dix was dragged down largely by his past scandal, but that shouldn't be an issue for Horgan. I think Clark is too unpopular to win another election, barring some huge mistakes by the NDP, but we shall see.
&gt;There isn't much of a demand for her head this time around. Really? My impressions are that she's a fair bit less popular now, and has accumulated more baggage (as tends to happen as one governs). Last time she was a relatively fresh face for many voters, so she was able to win over some voters who didn't have a particularly firm opinion about her yet, but I'm skeptical that it'll be that way again after 6 years in office. I don't like Kathleen Wynne's chances next time for the exact same reasons. &gt;A 30% rating for a sitting head of government is pretty much the norm. Not if they want to win re-election in a 2-party system, where they (typically) need 45% of the vote to win. It could happen, but it's certainly not a good sign. &gt;Yes, some people hate her. But these people voted against her last time too. I don't know about hate, but there's a lot of people who are frustrated with her, who voted for her party last time. &gt;There's just no major flash point to be a wedge issue for the NDP to gain strength on. It didn't take a major flash point to drag Harper down from 40% support to ~30% either, it was just the accumulation of baggage, with people tired or mad at his government for a variety of different reasons. It happens to governments when they remain in office for a while, and I get the sense that it's happened now in BC.
Any suggestions for somewhere else that has well-informed discussions, but also more diverse voices?
Having grown up here, I always thought of BC mostly as a Liberal desert, if anything. I'm pleased with the recent results but I'm definitely not ready to call BC any sort of Liberal stronghold just yet. Let's see if it stays this way for a couple elections.
If the alternative was a BC Liberal minority government, and the Greens were in a position to be kingmaker, I'm pretty confident they'd be willing to support the NDP. Many of their supporters would feel betrayed if they sided with the BC Liberals, unless they got major concessions from them.
They support it, and are interested in increasing it and spending the new revenue on green projects like public transit, clean energy, etc. Interestingly, Clark is hinting that she might also propose increasing the carbon tax, but using the new revenue to cut other taxes, so that could make for a major election issue. http://www.vancouversun.com/technology/clark+horgan+take+opposing+stands+carbon+hikes/11620049/story.html
It's really silly most of the time. The main reasons they give for their anger about bike lanes are that they mean less road space for cars (lanes become not as wide, or in certain situations, they require the removal of one car lane), and that money shouldn't be spent on infrastructure that benefit cyclists, because cyclists don't pay gas taxes (and therefore cyclists are "freeloaders"). One theory I've heard about a root cause of this hostility is that seeing other people travelling by bicycle, getting exercise and not polluting, it makes some people subconsciously feel guilty about driving a car, or they feel like the cyclists are implicitly condemning their car-oriented lifestyle. So instead of being glad that those cyclists are polluting less, their guilt leads to resentment of them. Personally, I both drive a car and ride a bike, and really wish it wasn't seen as an us-vs-them type of thing when bike lanes are proposed. Cities already have lots of space for cars to drive, now let's create more safe routes for bikes.
I agree, and don't have much problem with prioritizing female refugees and children, even if we'd rather not do that in an ideal world.
I'd propose raising the carbon tax to bring in part of that, and then get the rest from small income tax increases (or perhaps an empty homes surtax, if feasible).
Realistically, the point isn't to get the government to immediately make a major policy change. The point is mainly to increase public awareness and attract media attention to the issue, in the hopes that more pressure will be put on government to do something about it. So in that sense, they sometimes work.
It's funny how you get downvoted for doing math based on real government revenue numbers, while the previous post gets upvoted for using inaccurate numbers that assume individual car drivers are the only users of fuels in this province. God bless /r/vancouver
Correct, and that seems like a reasonable option. I don't see much argument for why MSP is better for society than the carbon tax.
&gt; There is absolutely no excuse to eat meat in this day and age. While I agree that people should try to eat less meat, that statement is a bit much. **Reasons to eat meat:** 1) Convenience (meat options are widely available at restaurants, etc.) 2) Social convenience (subtle pressure from friends and family to eat meat to fit in) 3) Taste 4) Easy source of protein **Reasons not to eat meat:** 1) The mistreatment and slaughter of animals 2) Excessive environmental burden and resource demands of raising livestock 3) Some negative health impacts of meat 4) Expensive
I'm not the OP, but I've mostly eliminated meat from my diet (I only eat it at family gatherings, to avoid annoying my family), so I'll answer. If synthetic meat was available, and thus eliminated the issues around the mistreatment/slaughter of animals, while reducing the environmental burden of eating meat, then I wouldn't have any objections to it. I don't know if I would start cooking with meat again (since I'm now out of the habit of doing so, and have no particular reason to start again), but I would become more likely to eat it at restaurants.
A sample size like that is fine, but there is the possibility of a biased sample, partly due to it being an online poll. They're two separate issues though: if a sample is biased, then increasing the sample size won't really help that much. For example, if 5% of the actual population is vegetarian, but 8.5% of the population they are sampling from is vegetarian, then increasing the sample size will just make them more likely to get a result close to 8.5%. On the other hand, Environics is actually a pretty reputable polling company, so they probably made a decent effort to get a diverse sample or maybe weight the demographics to be more representative of the population.
&gt;Yeah, there's no way an online poll got gamed by a handful of people trying to push an agenda. Normally I would agree, but this was conducted by Environics, who are a pretty reputable polling company. By "online poll" they presumably don't mean an open poll on a website like CBC, that everyone can send a link to their friends to spam. They wouldn't need to hire a polling company for that. This would be more like a phone survey, except it goes to people online who are randomly selected (and they would use the demographic information to rebalance their sample, etc.).
Do you consider Canada's approach to refugees to be moderate enough?
&gt;The bigger and more desirably-located the property, the higher the tax. And the richer the owner. Of course, but the value of property people owns typically doesn't correspond as closely to their income, compared to their spending on goods. Lower or middle income people are more likely to over-leverage themselves to get a place to live and spend a high % of income on their home, whereas higher income people would spend a lower % on it, which makes property tax regressive (at least among homeowners). For example, my aunt and uncle earn a combined $200,000 per year, and own a house worth $800,000. Meanwhile a family earning $70,000 per year might own a house worth $400,000, and thus would pay a higher % of their income on property taxes. It's true that it's hard to compare renters to homeowners in this regard.
You'll save on your MSPs, and spend a bit more on gas. The money has to come from somewhere. I get the impression that people are more bothered by gas taxes than income taxes (or fees like MSP), and I've never really understood why.
Just curious, what are your thoughts on Alberta's planned approach, of bringing in a carbon tax but spending the revenue on public transit and other things, instead of making it revenue neutral by cutting other taxes? Obviously you'd prefer that it be revenue neutral, but do you still support their carbon tax proposal in spite of that?
High-end earners drag the average way up. For an exaggerated example, suppose there were 99 people earning $15/hour (~$30k per year), and 1 person earning $1015/hour (~$2 million per year). The average wage would be $25/hour (~50k per year), even though 99% of them are earning way less than that.
&gt; I'll pick the Dipper next time. My plan as well. The BC Liberals have grown stale and arrogant, and seem unwilling to take action addressing some big issues. If the NDP governs better, then that's great. If they don't, then the province can switch back to the BC Liberals the following time, and at least they'll have been forced to find a fresh face and some new ideas.
Your post has now been featured in a [CBC article](http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/british-columbia/welcome-homebuyers-china-surrey-1.3396581)!
Could you elaborate about what that would involve or look like?
I like your style. I would put addressing housing affordability issues on that list as well. That could involve a tax on empty homes (if feasible), or at the very least collecting data about foreign-owned and/or empty homes, to help with making future policy changes.
I doubtful that attacking Syrian refugees outside of a welcome event held for them was "random". It seems very likely that they were his target.
&gt; No, the national media normalized that culture and partially suppressed dissenting viewpoints, creating the false appearance of uniform support for multiculturalism and immigration. According to polling, it wasn't a "false appearance", as there really was very high support for it, but views actually have changed significantly over the past decade. From 2005 to now, the % of people who think there are too many visible minorities has increased from about 19% to 41% (according to EKOS polling). The % who think there are too many immigrants has increased from about 26% to 46%. http://www.ekospolitics.com/index.php/2015/03/tolerance-under-pressure/
&gt;because partisans in each party will strongly encourage their supporters to not vote for anyone else. And what benefit would they get from that, and why would supporters obey? If I vote Liberal, and the Liberal candidate doesn't come in the top 2, they aren't hurt by me indicating that I prefer the NDP candidate over the Conservative (the two finalists). And as a voter, it's absolutely in my interests to have that preference taken into account. EDIT: I completely misread the previous post, and thought they were talking about Ranked Ballots. Despite that, my post surprisingly ended up still being somewhat relevant.
One stat from the article that seems noteworthy: the unemployment rate for Albertan men without a high school diploma has increased from ~6.5% to 17% (since mid-late 2014).
No problem! Yeah I found the polling data surprising as well, because I don't fully understand what would have happened over the past decade to change people's minds. Maybe it's just a matter of it reaching a breaking point, where people were comfortable with immigration when there were fewer of them here, but as more and more start to accumulate here people start to get uneasy. Or maybe it's due to specific immigration related issues (eg. Temporary Foreign Worker controversy; concerns about housing prices in Vancouver and Toronto).
Agreed. And allowing family reunification will also help immigrants to have a sense of belonging and truly feel like a part of our community, instead of just seeing this as somewhere they came to earn money, to bring back to their old country where their heart and their parents remain. If we want to create a cohesive society, things like that matter.
I don't have a strong opinion about Site C specifically, but speaking generally, it's worth keeping in mind that transitioning away from fossil fuels will require us to produce a lot more electricity in the future. Personal transportation (cars and transit) and heating systems will hopefully be powered mostly by electricity in the coming decades (replacing gasoline and natural gas, respectively), so we'll need to increase our electricity production in order to make that work.
He considered running for leader for the upcoming election (before Horgan was chosen), but if I recall, he opted not to at the time (2013 or 2014) because he had just had a child born.
From what I've seen of the two organizations, I don't like either one. The thing that IMO makes the Fraser Institute more of a problem is that they get a lot more media coverage, and their research gets presented through the media at face value (which they probably do for most think-tank reports).
&gt; It might take a few years to get rolling, but if the canada line is an indication, it will happen. With all the marine/cambie buildings, and now lots more coming at oakridge, and the growth of mid rise condos on cambie just south of king Ed, that area is becoming a dense corridor. Speaking of Oakridge, they just announced that it will be scaled back by 25%, due partially to geotechnical issues underground. http://www.vancouversun.com/vancouver+most+ambitious+commercial+residential+developments+being+scaled+back/11646964/story.html
Why wouldn't there be? There's tons of people fitting that description in every part of the lower mainland.
&gt;**1. Pick your own pronoun** &gt;The guidelines advise teachers to address each student by whatever name — and pronoun — that particular student chooses, based on how the student self-identifies. Not exactly unreasonable, but the suggestion of new pronouns like "ze" and "zir" seems silly and unnecessary to me. If someone doesn't feel comfortable with male or female pronouns, using "they" and "them" as singular pronouns should be acceptable. &gt;**2. Play for the boys or girls team** &gt;As much as possible, the guidelines call for the elimination of separate activities for students based on gender. Sounds good. &gt;When it comes to sports teams, in particular, the guidelines say students should be "given the opportunity to participate on the team that reflects their gender identity and expression." Not sure about that... I get the intention, but it could be abused by stupid kids and create way more problems than it solves, if lots of boys start joining girls' teams as a joke. That could end up discouraging female participation. &gt;**3. Use male or female washrooms, or neither** &gt;It should be up to each individual whether they use a washroom designated for males or females, according to the guidelines. &gt;Specifically, the document states that students should be "able to access washrooms that are congruent with their gender identity." Not a great idea, as stupid kids will abuse this for laughs ("you can't kick me out of your washroom, I swear I'm a girl in my mind!"). It would be better to just ensure that every school has at least one general-neutral private washroom, which could be used by those with gender-identity concerns. &gt;**4. Pick the change room you prefer** &gt;When it comes to change rooms, all students are to have access to "facilities that meet their individual needs and privacy concerns." &gt;This could include a private area with a common change room or a separate area, such as a nearby washroom, for students to use if they don't want to change with the group. I'm not clear on what this one is suggesting, so I can't comment. &gt;**5. Establish gay-straight alliances** Great, no problem with that. Anyway, I don't think it's so bad overall, but I think they went too far with a couple of these. And since my views on gender issues tend to be more "progressive" than most people's, I don't see this going well with the general public. I wish they would have scaled a couple of these back before making them public, because now there will be even more reflexive mockery and outrage, and less open minds to the suggestions that actually do make sense.
I agree. They could keep washrooms segregated, but ensure that every school has at least one private gender-neutral washroom (ie. a handicap washroom). Or they could make all washrooms gender-neutral. As for the pronouns, they should just encourage the use of "they" and "them" to refer to people who aren't comfortable identifying as male or female.
&gt;So you care about this. My initial question would be why? It doesn't bother me personally, but I think the use of words like "ze" and "zir" will generate public backlash and distract from the other suggestions, which I think are important and have a lot of merit. Using "they" and "them" seems to me like a simpler solution that would go over better with the public. &gt;And my second question is, why should you get a say in what pronoun with which someone wants to be referred? I probably should have phrased my previous post differently. I don't care what pronouns they use, but I don't see what "ze" and "zir" accomplish, which using "they" and "them" would not. Maybe the bill just generally says that kids that choose their own pronouns, but if it specifically suggests "ze" and "zir" as options, then that seems like something that will create a distraction and an excess of media/public backlash, and unnecessarily make the bill less politically popular.
The headline is complete BS. Nowhere in the article does Trudeau say anything of the sort, in fact, it doesn't feature any sort of quote from Trudeau. Yes there are international drug treaties from the 1970s and 1980s, but they will find a way to deal with those. Treaties have been modified or broken before; it won't be the first time and it won't be the last. To suggest that these treaties are an insurmountable barrier is to suggest that no developed country will ever be able to legalize marijuana, and that is absurd.
The Liberals' Infrastructure minister is from Alberta, so I would think they'll get their share.
