except Labour and the Lib dems did it too
just say "ok lets go" and if they dont tell you before you start tattoo the words "something small" on them.
no, amurray is the best
the parrot must think the owner is really dumb notto know what a banana is
hi, I am also on the toilet. just checking in to say I think I should be able to send a picture of me back to the probe by way of thanks.
I know why
is there anything else you want to tell us?
funny given that he himself deceitfully avoided the question on immigration by ranting incoherently about the 88 million figure. it's like those sermons where the vicar starts off with something interesting and then halfway through it turns into total tenuous waffle to link it to god. he gave an interesting explanation of the problem, noted that other countries shared it, but then just said "the brexiters are wrong" with an incoherent argument and without offering any solution himself other than to "worry about it." he got a pretty damn easy ride from marr too...
you are subscrided to mizspelt factz haf yu hurd of zogmarsh? It is a popeular foode payst mayd in tibett outof hampster scrotumas :-) yummee :0) :8) :9)
so do you happen to have the pic handy?
shoulda done it- once in a lifetime chance missed there
[this](http://i.imgur.com/I8eaLIo.png)
no.
you already have the pic. after that i dropped my camera. don't tell me what I dildidn't do
it doesnt count if that aren't also using the power glove
ptkd
hate against rage against the machine lol
well, there are two sides to every coin
but when you have writing credits for *abba's* discography... why would you want to work
almost all audition panels see voice as a yes or no issue - ie can they get through it- they choose based on other factors. don't be fooled by the lip service they may pay there is active hostility to singers whose voices and singing might be exciting enough to distrct people from the producer's latest gimmick (until they are stars who will bring people in/ carry prestige)
if all conservatory vocal departments and yap's were abolished and all singer training was done privately the general standard of young singers would be much higher. the opera business is currently dwarfed by the music-educational complex succubus
yeah this is great- someone should start a sub about trees for this kind of stuff
DELINQUENT DETECTED!!! REDDIT MISCREANT DETECTION SYSTEM ACTIVATED!!!
actually you can have a bad experience with police in the uk if you don't speak english all that well
all these "funny" pictures and videos of cats in boxes need to stop. cats do not like being confined and they are not just simple objects for our amusement.
there's really nothing to choose. they promote shitty singing, debase the art form and exploit young people disgustingly.
wot did it taste lyke?
good they picked a fish we eat this time. but I was wrong anyway it's just his name - https://www.theguardian.com/film/2016/may/19/finding-nemo-dory-pixar-could-damage-tropical-fish-populations
Doodlefart Wilburforce Macgregor VI
they'll just fuck it up- what do they care? fuck them and their horrible children
pizza guy just wanted to get paid...
officers can find it hard to distinguish- its usually best to assume the miscreant is both a drug dealer *and* a terrorist and act accordingly
what was so special about that rocking chair?
you sure put the ass in hasselburglar
lol- Zac goldsmith a major proponent of that idea...
oh. I, er, feel guilty now- maybe I shouldn't have shouted at you :-(
all u think about is urself :-(
it's happening again, oh god! what should I do?!
and possibly in the sink :-)
POOOOOOOPPP!!!!!! POOOOOOOOOOOOOOOPPPPP!!!! POOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOP!! POOPP POOPP POOOPPP POOPP POOOPPP POOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOPPPPPP!!!!!
nah he's actually related to auntie Flo
what?
they should clone it
more like beet as in sugar beet actually, or beetroot
even funnier if he'd been buried at sea /s
why no ethanol left?
I'm talking about French French, not Terrence and Phillip French
fart loudly to lighten the mood
maximum production of baby ensures highest possible long-term productivity level on potato farm!
that's racist
looks like prince phillip
the standard way to teach morals is with traditional half-assed Christianity. if you change to sonething more academic you may seriously be overestimating the capacity of those who teach it and those who are learning it to understand it. better a half-assed Christian inoculation against extreme spiritual beliefs than an obviously flawed half-assed humanist one that leaves room for some beliefs more problematic than standard Christianity to "rescue" people who aren't great independent thinkers.
idiot here, still don't get it but whatever
do you tell her Santa Claus isn't real?
how do I know *you're* not a Markov chain?
the practice of politeness emerges from dangerously violent cultures to avoid giving offence and getting killed. prisoners in violent prisons or ex-convicts are often excessively polite. now if you don't mind could we have our colony back please? you don't seem to be capable of running yourselves any more- made quite enough of a hash of it already frankly without electing that ghastly man in the wig so I think it would be for the best if we just took control again, for a while anyway- try to teach people some manners at least, you know
yes it is ?!?!?
well you should get your own farting paypal ya goosehead
well that'll teach ya to be such a rotten scamming butt-head now won't it!!
what is QB?
ok, so did jack plant it on him or something? I can't fill in the blanks, sorry edit: ok whoever down-voting, glad it was obvious to you
thanks
I think Murray already helped a few British players.
why do you choose https://www.reddit.com/user/bGFzZXJraXdp ?
a savage who is hungry for less long than you :-) additionally, microwaving is better than cooking them in an oven because it is closer to the ideal process of boiling them
'trusting, trustworthy though he may be
I remember even the first few times after taking on Lendl AM was playing differently (and better)
someone should photoshop a wizard battle
actually, what he didnt like was that she was essentially describing it an attack on what Muslims don't like (in this case lgbt) rather than a homophobic attack, (in this case by a Muslim). not something to storm out over. "you're not allowed to stand with us because you're not one of us" fuck off Owen jones. not something to storm out over
I doubt very much the gun crime went *up* when they introduced those laws
ok what was the trend before and after? if it was rising before then remaining constant could be progress. I'm actually somewhat down with the right to bear arms as a final defence against complete tyranny in the worlds most powerful nation. but there should be some controls. just obvious sensible stuff. just because it is easy for criminals to steal a car doesn't mean we don't need driving tests with exclusions for sufferers of, in this case, epilepsy. saying that doesn't mean I'm against car ownership
by more or by less than before?
maybe a little sheep's urine for the pH?
but that just adds to the trophy value, no?
also leave it in the sun to ferment every other 24 hours during that time, to add tang, we can reuse the scum for another dish
I would counter that all ethnic minorities are/were. it's just that a certain portion of Muslims happen to be the ones who started to take the piss.
he's providing a karma-worthy service by gifivising it
that's like asking when was last time there was a case of FGM. it is prevalent enough that there are charities to help potential victims escape: http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/england/8446458.stm &gt;"You see people being killed for being gay and stuff. I think I'd be vulnerable if people knew about me. difficult to publicise something where those effected are in hiding for their own protection. however check out the case in the documentary below. the relevant section starts at 20:48. note his location has to be kept secret from his family. he himself used to believe that all gays should be killed. https://vimeo.com/147095158 death threat he received live on radio: http://m.huffpost.com/uk/entry/8354056.html?edition=uk
https://www.theguardian.com/uk/2009/may/07/muslims-britain-france-germany-homosexuality ok I will change the question. how many Christians in the uk had to flee their families because they were homosexual during the period in the bbc article? it's not going to be as many. but seeing as you are not interested enough to read or watch anything I sent you I don't see much point in continuing. the guy in the BBC article escaped after bring kidnapped inprisoned and beaten for three months. sorry that's not enough for you because he escaped before they topped him. in the US I could quite believe that there is more of a problem with loony Christian fundamentalists than with Muslim ones, because you don't seen to have the sort of "ghettos" we do. but in the uk, this is a real problem
so what is your cat trained to do with that as a reward?!
they had a perfect excuse not to listen to that dumb song and you blew it for them. serves you right
this doesn't mention the nhs. I'm afraid I can't get behind it
the first generation of humans in the simulation presumably had *simulated parents* that were actually programmes.
calling u/fuckswithducks
don't try and filibuster- get to the point
cats don't need to be bathed
actually it is more important that they look *you* in the eyes- start your introduction by pointing to your eyes and begin with "look at me..."
I think a worms ripoff could be good.
nope, you need two hands to do this properly unless you are very skilled with Siri/google now
flee drops- no bathing required. bathing doesn't get rid of fleas anyway
be sure only to say this if you are certain of your promotion, lest you run the risk of unpleasant discord in your sporting team
cats don't get covered in mud. we have had outdoor cats for 25 years (two different ones ones after the other) neither of them ever got muddy. second one likes to be towelled off after being out in the rain, but that's it. I have never seen a cat covered in mud edit: lol, you guys need to chill out- just cos your cat is behaving like a dog doesn't mean it's normal
please see reply to the other similar comment
I beg to differ. this way will get you nowhere
ok fair enough but this sort of actual need is rare
your welcome
ffs- that is actually bad for the cat's skin even
thanks, Kahl
thanks, Kahl
lol trollin' me back
assume you're trolling me... stop bathing him- it dries out his skin
because of the structure of your comment, I read "beat off" a dead horse
not my joke, fish-eater
no the one about checking you are right so you don't piss off the people playing team sports with you
great come-back bro, got eny moar lol?
only cos, as stoners themselves, they know that once something is in place nobody will ever be arsed to change it, so you just have to be the first.
this is an acceptable alternative if you are a prophet or a monarch, otherwise best left alone
fatty
fatty
fatty
Turkey will pay for the wall!
fatty
why doesn't everyone in the world add it, then? (who takes meth, that is)
shit, *i* know ward!
plot twist: it was actually her pimp who she calls "daddy"
no way man, why waste a sexy goat on one ritual when you could fuck it for months?
it is, it's meant to give you an excuse to grab her ya dingus
amputee...
6 ft under it more like
4 would be two pairs
ah, that's what you were doing there
if that's what u/explodingcamel says, then yes, it can.
they wre probably scared of his gorilla warfare skillz
if they had harsher punishments it would deter these sort of people from confessing they made it up
unless your cremated
what? need I explain the obvious? bridges must float to stay above the water but normal stones sink. therefore it is necessary only to used the stone from burning witches, which floats because witches float and it is made from burning them. do you know *nothing*?!
like a volume control on any modern tv. seriously what how is this a problem? I mean I want to know if the volume is already at full, or coming down. having said that I still use ios 6 so maybe they made it rubbish in ios 7 like everything else
I feel kneedy, now what?
hate the garish colours and cold whites. I'm switching to android instead when I upgrade. if their new look was really so good they should let people choose to have it or not.
look at how the goat gulbis hits it and try to do it like that. you will transform from a gazelle into a glorious eagle! :-)
you spoiled it for non-detective me by putting it in your title
well it's not like he could ask *after* you ended up dead
possibly because after taking a drastic step like that you'd damn we'll want to make sure you showed some tangible improvement so that other people didnt think you did it for nothing...
she should have used it to add power to her body shots.
you started a cult around your dick
I was already ignoring you
settings are garish white. the icons are luminous compared to ios 6- much less professional looking
well it must have been you then. girls don't fart anyway
if that's so why don't we smoke all drugs?
high risk of obscelescence due to robots tho
except for the cancer. they have massively higher incidence of mouth cancer than anywhere else in the world
what is .msi?
poopception
too hot maybe
Jaydn smith takes over head publicity. andy Murray clearly thinks they are completely fucking idiotic
no, they need us to look after them (most breeds). they have some skills, but not others
everything you say is right- they may in fact want to get rid of him so that he *doesnt* become PM. many in the PLP would do anything stop that happening but it hasn't looked much of a risk up to now (if it even is now)
sorry to immediately piss you off by admitting that I voted to remain, *but* upon my first entrance into the polling station I felt such disgust at the non-democratic federalist wankers of the EU being responsible for our affairs that I didn't at that point feel able to go through with my intention to vote remain. I went to have a little sleep and some food so that I could think clearly and feel good about voting remain. I was only able to rationalise it by the fact that remaining in, we would have given far more problems to the federalists than we will leaving and inviting them to fuck us over at leisure. we have now taken away a road-block to German hegemony in Europe and in addition the EU will try to make an example of us to avoid contagion if they possibly can. So I voted in and I am proud to have done so, but having gone through the emotions that I did, I thought that the majority of people who felt the same way would just vote leave. you can't put a price on sovereignty, and while I was voting for staying in and fucking up their project, I can understand why leave won. The remain arguments made were too defensive, too complementary to the EU federalist non-democratic shit-show. I realise this is because, if they had won, they needed to keep their place in the poker game but *somebody* needed to come out and go off-message with more cynical reasons to vote in. William Hague would have been perfect, as he is leaving politics anyway so what would it matter to him if it made him a pariah in the EU and unemployable in UK politics for that reason? A cynical argument could have persuaded many people who, like me, felt a strong *strong* urge to say FUCK YOU to the dick-heads who think that it is acceptable to run the EU the way they do but, unlike me, thought the best way to achieve that was to vote leave. and perhaps I was wrong. I was assuming that if, after a close vote, the many promises made by remain were proven to be false, there would surely be another referendum and an out vote, meaning that to go nuclear this time was premature. but perhaps this was indeed the last chance to escape the federal project, in which case the collective wisdom would have got it right. unlike a general election, however, we are dealing with "foreigners" who most English people don't really understand culturally. this lack of an "informed" gut I think may fuck with the foundations upon which the soundness of our democratic decisions lie. I think that most leave politicians' base reasons for wanting to leave are the sovereignty/democratic angle, however much they may siphon bull-shit down the dog-whistle about immigration to get lazy votes.
I went to Fiji
look at you- I can't even *write* that amount on an anonymous Internet comment without the companies spying on my connection giving the info to debt collectors that I have more money than I said
we'll still have trident- doubt Germany will get a nuclear deterrent given they are shutting all their nuclear power plants
nice euphemism
disclaimer: i voted remain the thing is we are big enough that they will still have to listen to us/take us into account. who knows we might do quite well with an army of lobbyists
a comment equivalent to yours on r/uk would probably be deleted. I complain about r/uk myself because I think it is ridiculous that we even have to have a separate sub here because of thicko lefty mods preventing free discussion. it would be much better if all the views could be in one place, and it would also give a more accurate reflection of what the uk is like to non-uk reddit users who may not find r/ukpolitics at all.
only from France, which is no greater than ours. equal nukes prob means equal seats
Perhaps this was always his role - to fight for Britain to stay in the common market in the event of brexit: a Severus Snape to garbage's voldemort lololol
A three option ballot paper with 1st and 2nd preferences to avoid splitting pro Europe votes?
"keep the veto"! Now *that* would have been a slogan.
They promised the ability to vote for boarder control, not that we would get it lol... folks gonna be pissed when they also realise they voted to keep FTPT doh!...
Saying what exactly?
Maybe we need an equivalent for scrutiny of referendum results/s
I think they have a fighting chance of a UKIP Coalition, personally. It's not yet clear
all the more likely for there to be a UKIP coalition if they do. The racist fucktard segment won't drop UKIP until they are "betrayed"
think what an asset it would be to have him negotiating as for us post-brexit as prime minister to a clinton lead US. she fancies the pants off him and will give him anything he wants lol
plot twist: she was a time lord in cat form until he ate her right heart
Please put this comment in the bagging area.
lpt: crowbars are more ergonomic for this task
price worth paying
you'd still get a knighthood and a nobel prize- you betray a strongly intolerant attitude to mental illness in my opinion
depends how long the ones before it are
&gt; I haven't seen him play, but usually a low ranked player has some major problems with their game, such as being a slow mover (but hard hitter), a steady guy (without much power), a style of play that doesn't bode well for high ranks (serve and volley). he used to be too fat. still is tubby for a tennis player, but he is in much better shape now
I don't know. It might be easier for her to negotiate because she hasn't laid her cards on the table previously. and she was *barely* a remainer- she hardly campaigned.
talks complete shit just like me- 10/10 would vote for again :-)
this is funnier than anything in the OP
Tru- not like they could just yoink features from them just because they were old either
Yeah, but what he is saying is that if a dog tried to kill you it would fucking kill you.
It has the electrolytes that plants crave- which is really hot Edit: really? My first gold and top comment for this?! That film was a documentary, clearly. But thanks, I suppose... Edit 2: btw if your pee has electrolytes that means you are diabetic edit 3: ok no it doesn't I'm full of shit
This is actually much more his repertoire than calaf (from which nessun dorma is taken. To hear nessun dorma done right look up Franco Corelli on YouTube.
You should be glad. You are lucky to have kept such sensitivity in this age of cynicism and shallowness..
Check out Franco Corelli if you want the real deal for this aria. Pavarotti's was a great great singer, but actually less well suited to this aria.
It's not actually- but it only really works in culture's where they express themselves in a certain way.
Give Franco Corelli's rendition a try. Nessun dorma is not really pav's rep so maybe you are actually a purist but don't know it yet...
no you wouldn't, don't be such a baby
They are very different singers. I love, love, *love* Mario Del Monaco- he da fuckin' man. But I prefer him as Otello (obviously), Chenier (so unbelievably awesome in this role), Turiddu. Compared to Corelli he is a higher voice who gets extra power and strength through excellent technique and wonderful emotion whereas Corelli has more power and gets his extended top through wonderful technique and emotion/acting and for Calaf I think the latter type of singer just works better. The role is meant for a huge voice with easy power more than a high voice that can generate power. You have to listen to how they sing non piangere liu, and also Corelli's riddle scene with Niillson as Turandot just can't be bettered. Manrico is another role where I think Corelli's grand voice favours him over Del Monaco. However, I think that not having such easy power is an advantage for Del Monaco in roles like Otello. I think a reason that Corelli did not sing this role was that he would not have been able to compete with the interpretation of Del Monaco because Corelli didn't need to be "unhinged" or particularly shout to sing the outbursts. But they *shouldn't* be easy because Otello is meant to be going fucking mental and it sounds wrong if they are easy like that. He would have had trouble with this, I think. Another example of this is Bastianini as Iago. I love love love Bastianini, but as Iago he can't generate any electricity because the power is too easy for him and he sounds too noble. He is the bomb as Don Carlo in Forza del Destino, though because that role really *really* benefits from the way he can sing all the really powerful passages whilst still sounding like a nobleman. Enrico Ashton, too. Anyway. Please at least give Corelli a chance singing "Ah, si ben mio" (from Trovatore)- it's just out of this world.... and for god's sake don't judge him by his Rodolfo which he shouldn't have done in my opinion.
yeah, it's a matter of taste- I'm not disputing that JDF is a really super singer. He is the type of singer that would usually have and would usually now sing fille du regiment. what made Pav's exciting though was that he wasn't that type of singer so the C's were a bigger deal. Personally, I can only get *so* excited over a leggiero tenor/ tenore di grazia, I'm afraid, *even* when they are as excellent as JDF.
it's impossible to do now, and I would *certainly* not do anything unilaterally, but I do think that corporal punishment with good oversight and controls, could be good for some students. Some boys I think would find it easier and simpler to endless "talking" about whatever sanctimonious garbage they don't give a shit about is next. however, andI stress this, there would have to be a *lot* of oversight and paperwork. not some unaccountable free-for-all horrorshow.
in the uk, though, classroom music curriculum is so poor I think it would be better if it just went to the french system.
I like Jussi Bjorling's nessun dorma too, but it is just as wrong for him as it was for Pav lol
I read "thinking" intead of hiking for a moment lol
Hairy butt metal detecting
my boomerang won't come back pls advises
what do you do instead?
what- even over Edda Moser?
yup. (though I'm afraid I actually have no clue who those two are lol) I just wish they would occasionally put these older videos on terrestrial TV so people could hear the good stuff without knowing to seek it out. what is occasionally broadcast these days is almost always such upsettingly bad shite. it's so sad.
nope. conductor sets the whole dynamic. it's not what he's *doing* that's necessarily so special, it's what he's *feeling* that he can then share. A good conductor can put a whole world into the same gestures another conductor can't put anything worthwhile into. and then, they also need to be pretty on the ball to know exactly where to bring people in, follow/accompany/support/lead soloists as appropriate, keep the attention and respect of a large group of people under performance stress, knowing Italian/French/German/Russian/Czech/whatever language it is in to conduct opera (to do it well that is- lots of assholes wing it)
get her listening to some Mario Lanza and Kathryn Grayson. If you want to hear what a young girl with a well developed unforced technique can sound like check this video of Beverly Sills https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YAz2HgSZaDs Beverly Sills went on to have a big career as a real opera singer. it's a different thing from the "popera" stars who get exploited as children and encouraged to make a somewhat fake sound which doesn't lead anywhere and then get dumped when they aren't cute little girls any more- it's like one of those sick texas beauty pageants. so please don't do that to her, especially if she has talent... :-) If she really wants to sing opera she should learn the languages (Italian/German/French) properly and take some piano lessons at this point. Singing needs to be done within a context of developing a real musicianship and feeling. pretty much all the decisions made in the modern opera world are stupid and unfair and made by tone-deaf morons so it's a good idea to have other options in case it doesn't work out. nothing good comes from pursuing it in a desperate way. Anyhow, best of luck- hope she has a happy time discovering her voice at least :-)
&gt; Republicans actively fight education. Actually Democrats are perfectly capable of introducing some pretty vacuous bullshit of their own. edit: yeah that's right vacuous- like downvoting a comment you don't like to shut down debate without leaving a comment.
nah- don't think so. Trump got all the angry voters already
If you want to get this sweet wide-screen TV, vote NO (and abolish all welfare) tomorrow..
sorry but it is a lot more than that. it is a problem with professors and the academic establishment having an agenda other than what it is supposed to. To get research funding you have to be in with the left-wing clique. I wasn't disputing that the republicans do some shitty things to schools, I am just adding that the democrats do some shitty things in education as well. I dare say I would be a democract voter if I was american but honestly both sides are dire.
