I did. Half the time their machine is busted so they ain't counting it manually. I hope other banks have functioning machines
Cool, silly of me not to make more use of my power as a consumer! Edit: make noise while carrying 3 piggy banks' EXACTLY why I loathe to go after a few untoward incidents!
calm ur panties its just a rant. i drive and i hardly use public transport and tolls cause of where i live.
you looking for someone on a freelance or permanent basis?
Michael Ricketts
Wow how unprofessionally inept can you get trying to copy three (or maybe more?) works in a row and not get caught?
lol arouse.
Tabletop games? Geeky? Oh come on I've got female friends aged 27 28 and 29 which are all my boardgame kakis! Not all girls are like that trust me... i have a another group who actively plays monopoly deal and sushi go too if they're not that into the more intense types!
If you're coming from a retail background I'd suggest you to try wobb.com. Jobstreet and Linkedin are particularly good for the old-fashioned white collar kinda office work.
Green Dot Stables at Centerpoint BU is pretty good. No shitty loud music and what-not.
well, if it is expensive then why the fuck are they there to begin with? asshats
At a store with cctv on every aisle? Not a smart move.
is this some kinda joke?
lol... are u really who i think u r
NYE party at KL i got drunk and called my good friend names (even the H word) mostly out of spite due to rejection. Got into an altercation outside the club and she's punishing me for being a twat by cutting off ties for 6 months or a year not sure if she's srs about it or if it's things she said at the heat of the moment.
Yup. Apologizing is the first step. Waiting for her to... well..... takes time. It's the 2nd time we've had this confrontation.
Steamed biyotch. Any time. Get a whole chicken leg, rub some salt on it, steam it over an empty plate and let the inner juices form the chicken essence. Absolute haven.
Either everyone's still hungover from NYE celebrations, or that KL Sentral seemed 'quieter' than usual.... at least that's what I've noticed.
beats me... some people just want to watch the world burn
You might wanna try RGB &amp; The Bean Hive. It's quietly tucked away within a neighborhood of bungalows, less than 15 minutes drive from KLCC. In fact the place itself is a conversion of a bungalow to a coffee place. If ur looking for calm and quiet you have to give this place a go. I'd recommend getting on Uber or GrabCar.
Trust me, we are from the same generation. My dad would just rip a branch off and whip the shit out of me when I misbehaved. Once i hid his signature cane, he improvised and borrowed my mom's 3 foot ruler. My dad obliterated my FIFA 2001 CD just because I played it during weekdays. Anyhoo, point is, we're not far off in terms of crap we get from parents for doing shit. But personally for me I do believe it made me a much more decent adult.
This article is full of shit. All it said was replace lowest temperature with most erratic weather. Coverage.my is a stupid clickbait website. Of the times I've read their article nearly all of them were misleading and provocative.
thanks for the clarification. have an upvote.
Am thinking of freelance...i guess I'll start with website first? Coding seems so complicated.
If ur working at the upstream then yes, it may be wobbly for the next couple of years at least. If downstream, not so much. Still steady.
Don't you just hate roads that get jammed for the shittiest reason? I travel back from work everyday through Jalan Istana from Bangsar. More often than not, the traffic is terrible, and you know why? Coz further up near the Sungai Besi highway, the roads start splitting wildly into many exits and every other vehicle slows down just to figure out which is where.
Can u be more specific? What exactly are ur interests?
Public transportation coverage is not the best. I drive myself and its much more convenient to get from one place to another especially after work when u have plans with other ppl. It saves a lot of time planning and the time taken to wait for the next bus/train would probably be the same as being stuck in a jam. Though i must say public transportation on weekends would be much more practical.
Lee Dixon - Michael Owen
urm...d-uh?
we're on the same boat. I really hate flying, because of turbulence and that I have no control over what's happening. The last bad experience I had was that it was raining like hell over at KLIA, that the runway was too slippery that when we landed the first time we couldn't brake in time so the plane had to take off, make another turn and landed on the 2nd attempt. Surprisingly there wasn't any turbulence during the whole ordeal, but the thought itself was terrifying as hell.
Good grief...I'd probably be less anxious if u were next to me in flights. U remind me of a friend who once sat beside me during a roller coaster ride. Everyone was busy screaming their lungs out and this guy just sat there forgetting to bring his fuck he left at home.
Yeah!
So u got a the renewal and road tax FOC?
The misdirection is strong in this one
That's what i suspect too... iirc, the Johor prince mentioned something about meeting with dissidents to face to face if they have beef with him. I really doubt that he was the one who lodged a report over this matter. I hope this news reaches him and pardons the poor dude.
Have u even tried googling EDIT: try iproperty or ibilik
Agreed. I know Jiban's an a$$ but he's not that dumb to bankrupt the whole country.
I got my saga back in 2010. I guess i was one of the luckier ones? I've not had any major issues associated with sagas. I love that car.
Well, reporting is an understatement... I've seen countless times the Star going full ball-licking (only NST tops it as an English daily), one example being when they "misquoted" a certain CEO from Leaderonomics years ago when he was asked to compare between CSL and LGE. Instead of misquoting they completely rephrased what he said into praising u know who and dissing u know who.
Its on local news and u don't know what this press conference is about? Try reading the star since they're the best butt scrubbers.
These things happen. I have an inch Crack on my phone too and i have no idea where it came from. Same thing with scars on ur body
I'm just curious here... has anyone of u guys actually met a Bangladeshi with a Malaysian IC?
Tell that to the ppl who consider Jap as an ethnic slur.
Another example as to why r/malaysia had a recent influx of turds.
Dude, be realistic. Anything less than RM70 u might as well get mobile data and tether it to ur laptop.
Agreed. Like that i can tell u don't simply buy stuff it's taxpayers money also lah
Exactly. Don't get me started with ppl on Facebook sharing shit like these.
sorry for being a dick. cant say I've heard about XOX.... but mobile wise I'm using umobile. they've got this data plan for RM50++ @ 5GB with some allowances on calls and shit... which is pretty ok. They recently upgraded their plans with streaming on youtube free as well.. do check out u mobile.
well it certainly got OP riled up.../s
I believe most of us would help out the best we can if asked....but that's just me. I don't smile 24-7 nor I look like the most friendliest person on Earth.
So.....what happened to those students? Did u manage to get them to stfu?
*Czech* blonde, slim *Russian* girl....did I miss something here
Kids do the dumbest things. When i was little i tried to bend the tingkap punya kaca and shattered it so yeah the scene wasn't the most appealing one.
This is so cliche but had it been someone from the opposition who said it he'd probably been crucified by now.
Well first of all, if you're not Muslim at all, why the heck would u bother what they think of u? If they cock stare u u cock stare them back lah....never give in to intimidation. Besides, show them ur IC or something if ur harassed constantly.
hapi kekdei
Read that some lady caught fire while answering her phone in car when refueling at the petrol kiosk. I highly doubt it has anything to do with phone but more to static. PSA: never re enter ur vehicle during refueling.
Well that too
I dont get people who park their luxury cars at average joe places like MJ or Oregi and then rev their fucking cars like a goddamned leaf blower.
Nice name. Anyhoo well i figured this is more or could be a muscle strain or tear. I posted before on advice with my broken humerus and that was taken down so i don't want my post to be taken down.
because it does not involve anyone from the current regime. see how much coverage was given to the PKR fella. Had it been someone from BN, u bet ur ass they'll be making a report on it every damn minute.
I don;t think buying it at a lower market price implicates LGE to be corrupted but rather how or what deal he made with Phang that would allow him to purchase it at a lower market price. Again, how exactly is this proven if it is only implied? Btw (1) and (2) is the most likeliest scenario.
Not to mention local papers who only love to highlight floods at certain states governed by people not in their favor.
Dude, u asked this question like a few weeks ago? Are u so deprived of motivation?
OK Marge if anyone asks you require 24hrs nursing care, Lisa's a clergyman, Maggie is 7 people and Bart was wounded in Vietnam!
He's not the first person i know that dislikes any form of alcohol really. I have a friend who just hates alcohol outright...the taste and the nauseating feeling he gets after consuming it. He has never felt that "highness" others have felt.
Don't fret buddy. I got food poisoning once. Took me a week before i can actually get back to eating dairy..... just take the meds prescribed by ur physician and drink LOTS of water. I lost about 2kgs a week and i was eating a little under maintenance due to my fragile tummy but once ur done with it you'll be back strongrr than ever. Always rmbr why u started in the first place.
Haha. God damn. Best one.
I dunno about u but I'd love to see this lel
Ignore this asshat.
fuck off
Go by calories...not ounces. U need to fix ur sleeping habit. Missing breakfast will definitely slow ur bulking by a lot.
Is it just me or that andrewSagitt is the alter ego of someone else in this sub to get back at people against him/her?
Motivation comes and goes. Discipline is what keeps u going. Stop making excuses, and make time if u dont have time. Bring food to work if u have to. If u dont have time then u not making the most of ur day.
Frighten them so they know not to fuck around in the yellow box next time.
Sorry but I had to.... whats the meaning of irregardless?
personally i dont see the use of irregardless when u already have the word regardless. Which pretty much means the same thing.
Just a curious question for a friend.... if for some reason the water meter outside ur house is tampered/faulty.... are u obligated to pay for a new one or its under SYABAS' jurisdiction?
Same here..... probably if u followed those viral pages on Facebook targeting a certain ethnicity u might get all of them
Stay classy malaysia
Can make a scene. Soon some guy will post his/her pic/no.plate in social media and let SJW fck shit up.
I was told 3 years max....or a certain mileage...whichever comes first
Lel...i changed mine every 3 years as well...but mostly because of some unfortunate incident..kena tack la, kena punctured la, etc
goddamn.....doesnt look coincidental at all
&gt;get out from BN. Not gonna happen. Never in a million years. BN components have undivided loyatly. Just look at MCA.
There's a bit of truth in that too....but other states would've suffered apart from Selangor and KL.
&gt;... I never really bothered to listen to all of their rubbish Not with that attitude EDIT: ok maybe OP meant before he/she took things seriously
Well then, its good u are inquisitive. It's not I'm saying youths today are ignorant.....eventually when u work u will get used to politics at the workplace lol. I was as clueless as u when I was a kid too. Parents also were very anti Malay businesses for some reason.
lol. Downvoted.
the graveyard /s ok i read somewhere that in Sepang u can for a fee.
U begin by reading the FAQ
Go to one of those gyms or fitness shops and tell them u wanna use those high tech weight analysis machines. They're free to use. Also, don't know how much protein ur eating? Learn to estimate. Weigh ur food and shit. Read labels. As u get better at estimating there's no need to do it every single time ur about to eat.
I have to agree with u zen...this is a stupid question.
After about 3 months of gaining 6kgs, definitely my arms.... then came the gut lol. My former landlady also noticed I had noticeably more flesh on my cheeks. I guess that's good.
Deads = Traps
Observe people who eat a lot (i.e. fat people). They eat at about as frequent as u.
I actually liked the idea of having an accessible public toilet at touristy spots like Bukit Bintang...unfortunately with places with high density of people there needs to be 24-hr cleaner on duty....and definitely not costing THAT much for one.
*cough* spam *cough*
Have u tried reading the FAQ?
It is of course deliberate. The moderator is extremely cringey and always trying too hard.
Here in South East Asia (Malaysia to be exact), we have plenty of 'buffet' style catering restaurants where you pick your choice of veggies, meat, etc to go with your rice. That's the most affordable meal to have to meet your macros. Like it or not, you have to spend on supplements if you're having trouble meeting your caloric goal. Also, you not necessarily need to buy raw ingredients (meat and stuff), but u will need basic groceries like milk, yoghurt, almonds, olive oil, oats and stuff like that to help you.
That's why u eat ur veggies in other meals junior.
lol... u need to put /s.... nobody can tell if ur being serious or not
In general, always do the ones which work the largest muscles the most, i.e. titties, back, quads. Isolation movements shall be finishers and done usually at higher volume. U might think ur secondary muscles have fatigued from the compound movements done earlier but I have actually made gains albeit slowly for isolation movements...because the jump of weights for DBs (5 lbs or 2kgs) are kinda huge, it may take a while for smaller muscle groups to go up a notch.
Dude....u have the patience is unparalleled
I would say it depends on the amount of muscle u build. As a former skinny as hell guy and new to working out, I'd stop at 20% bf as my hips get increasing obvious than ma titties. Seasoned lifters would have a far more defined upper body till the tummy becomes less significant. But then again, it depends how well u wanna look....10 to 13% bf probably.
Awww..... we in same shoes. Bro cuddle
Do you have a tl;dr version?
They do.....but those sausages....ugh.... i hated it so much... i just want stir fried rice with meat cubes like how they normally do it.
Not really... they have nasi goreng 'cina' at malay stalls which were cooked with less kicap and sardines.
Starring Michael Cera as Nasi, Jonah Hill as Babi. Also starring Seth Rogen as Bawang, Bill Hader as Sayur and Christopher-Mintz Plasse as Telur.
I know.... I done fcked.
I am ashamed as to not know both existed......huhu...any idea where i can find them
I'd recommend Legendary. Its a 2008 fps that had bad reviews but i sure as hell enjoyed it. Oh and here's a list of fps I'd recommend: 1. Legendary 2. Doom 3. Quake 4 4. Bioshock 1,2 and Infinite 5. Shadow Warrior
Yes that's what i thought too.
No, Latin America is called Latin America because the countries speak a language which descended from Vulgar Latin (i.e. the Roman Language), i.e. Spanish and Portuguese. 'Latin' countries includes France, Italy and Romania.
Buy from over the counter lor
30g of almonds - 191 calories, 9g protein 125g of greek style yogurt - 159 calories, 6g protein
If you have been eating frequently compared when you did while being underweight, you will feel hungrier at times when your body is expecting some food....i.e. during mid-day snack time.
Yes, /r/watchpeopledie....goes to show how fragile humans can be. Also, if u can stomach it, /r/gore is there as well.
&gt; I believe that's its very possible for BN or for some permutation that we could recognize as it winning the next election. It's not because they're particularly popular or desirable. It's really just because the First Past the Post voting system allows for a candidate to win without winning a majority of the vote. That has always been our system General Obvious, last GE is a good example.
Definitely. The only hope for the opposition is the swing of malay folks to PPB. Unfortunately....even if that's still the case, the rural folks of Sarawak are still loyal to BN and u know how shit the opposition are in the east
Just drive responsibly. Is it so hard to not be an asshole on the road?
Do not feed the obvious
Lol a lot ppl keep saying stop generalizing. Dont try to tell me u wouldn't have second thoughts about renting out ur property (if u do own one) to Africans.
Hi Markus from rojakdaily!
to be fair, i could not even make out their faces
Sad but true. It's almost they've just given up on the rural folk. Just come to Sarawak and u will see why.
When a DAP rep recently lost his seat in the Sarawak State Elections, everything was gerrymandering, vote buying bla bla except themselves.
Apart from his silly antics, he's actually raising a very good point.
Think about it......if there was indeed nothing wrong with 1MDB, why hasn't opposition figures like Rafizi or Tony Pua being hauled up and being investigated for spreading false info? I mean those guys were literally doing 1MDB roadshows every other darn month!
We should do more posts like these. Srsly good info sharing for those looking for hacks while traveling on a budget and tips based on experiences!
Nice beaver!
I read the husbands blog entry....he wasn't as pissed as the wife though.
Nobody would've migrated had it not been the money in the first place
Well, in the context of Malaysians.... its all about the $$ haha, though probably a handful from religious prosecution
idk man, being stupid makes u do stupid things
In all seriousness, judging by ur picture, u are most certainly not super skinny or twig-ish. Probably skinny fat. U look like u have about 18~20% bodyfat. Since u don't have a gym near u currently, I'd advise u to reduce the calories lest u wanna end up looking even more fat. TDEE calculator shows that ur maintenance is 2400 kcal. Eat about +10~20% kcal. Dial down on ur protein. It's ridiculously excessive. Balance the rest with carbs/fat.
True, I've seen some people throw in front raises to replace OHP for kicks.
u rack dishiprine
Just remember that abs on skinny guys are like big tits on fat chicks. They don't count.
Wat mean. I'm Asian myself
List out ur typical meal plan here together with calories. What is ur height? I am eating at 2400kcal and i can gain from 52 to 67kg so why can't u. Also, if u cook ur own food, high chance u might be withholding certain things like flavoring, oil etc all these adds up to ur daily caloric intake.
Eating fast food every day is not good for health.
I'm not sure if it's considered rude, but people chewing loudly is pretty irritating....same thing when someone is slurping or suckling at something loudly.
Goes saying but without enough protein muscles won't grow.
Home cooked is the best clean food out there as u control what goes in the wok. Other than that, unless u have a lot of money, eat out healthily isn't cheap. Also, note that eating clean doesn't mean u will not gain weight.
If u wanna lose body fat (losing weight in the process), just make sure u are eating less calories than ur body maintenance calorie (calculate here www.tdeecalculator.net), and do it consistently. Realistically, u are looking at losing 0.5kg a week. Anything faster than that is not sustainable and u will feel shitty. Just stay consistent, weigh urself weekly to check progress. If stuck, reduce food portion. Speaking from experience as someone who was underweight, gained 17kgs, and lost a few kgs for muscle definition.
Kinda makes sense.... from what I've read and thru my own experimentation, its around 0.34 ~ 0.35 of ur BB bench. So if ur benching 100kg, ur DB press would be 0.35 x 35kg per arm.
Issue 1: I've read somewhere that if u take longer than 15 minutes to finish ur meal, ur gonna start losing ur appetite. Idk whats the explanation behind it, but next time when ur having ur meal, focus on the food. Keep ur hands away from ur phone and the tube. Just watch ur fat friends eat. They're always first to finish because they are entirely focused on the food. Issue 2: I get that feeling sometimes, like regurgitation kinda reflex. But usually nothing comes out of it. Thats normal, and this is where meal timing is extremely important. Space ur meals evenly so u aren't full af by the time the next meal comes along.
Not on /r/gainit. Many skinny dudes have trouble eating solid food, hence they turn to liquid shakes. If u have no issue chewing then do whatever works for u. Protein shakes are just supplementary - they are NOT meal replacements. I only take 2 scoops (48g protein) daily. The rest (about 100g) comes from food (meat, milk, PB, veggies, almonds, yogurt etc).
I'm at the office because my fcking calendar shows that today is no public holiday. FML.
unilateral exercises with dumbbells.
Home made mass gainer shake
Like many have mentioned before, ur meal portions for lunch and dinner is pathetic....get them to at least 500~600 kcal by increasing portions. Yogurt and almonds instead of ham sandwich. High in calories and not even filling. Also, drink high calorie shake before bed.
I think it might. I usually have mine with 2 scoops of choc ON whey, so that masks the taste pretty well. If u blend them the oil floating at the top is a non-issue at all.
I think OP goes slow on both concentric and eccentric parts of the lift. OP should instead take 1-2 seconds on the eccentric part, power through the concentric, and add more volume.
U didn't answer his question. What are ur lifts like?
Somebody mentioned that the restaurant operators are gonna pass the costs to the customers lol
Posters are too fucking lazy to check if it has been posted before
Well ur not wrong. The things on mgag are downright cringy. Tbh sgag is much funnier
It IS from a Facebook posting
I've inputted ur stats on tdeecalculator. U need to eat around 2500 kcal. 3000 kcal is overkill for someone who's just starting. You've gained 2lb per week which is double than what's recommended on the FAQ.
Yeah but at least u won't be having to feel like puking every time. Ur stomach needs to adjust to the food u stuff in it.
I HIGHLY doubt that 1 cup of rice is 720 calories...and i highly doubt ur eating anywhere near to 1000 calories for dinner. Probably 600 at best. U need to recheck ur calculation.
Najib is having one lol
If you've stagnated then it is likely you're not eating enough. You will gain body fat if you gain weight. There's no avoiding that. Lifting heavy shit and eating enough protein ensures that a portion of the gained weight goes to building muscle instead of all out fat. Cut when u think u look like shit...usually around 20% body fat.
&gt;What are some signs and symptoms of not getting enough protein? &gt; &gt;This is for those who do not track their calories / macros but are on a bulk... are there any early warning signs one can see which can make it clear that one is not consuming enough protein? If you're not eating enough protein ur muscles will not grow. Simple as that, and any gains u made would stall.
Thatz not the point /u/xianzx was trying to make. Its the poor choice of words. Nevertheless everyone is safe. My cousin was on board. That's what the pilot said.
I do not think its an issue as long as the days are adequately spaced out to allow recovery. But u might need to check what exercises that u would be missing from that particular day and try to prioritize it on other days. Or u could just follow a 3 day program.
Try coffee meets Bagel. Less dodgy and much better quality.
Some umno blogger
U did not display ur /s ticket properly. Confirm get saman
Unlikely things hidden in Rosmah's hair
What makes u think u won't puke bought mass gainers? Taste is extremely subjective unlike home made ones where u can control the contents. Also, i dislike adding too much oats they somehow end up making my shake gooey af. Instead put fruits in them, sweet fruits. Berries and bananas. 2 cups of full cream milk and 2 tablespoons of olive oil. Blend. U won't taste the oil. Easy 700 calories.
Can you now? You have been asking many questions based on ur profile. Why not u give it a shot and then report back to us 6 months later?
TBH i also use machines to 'finish off' my workouts...but however for the heavier ones i always use free weights.
Did anyone else notice some asshole random user who keeps posting 3 newslinks to generate traffic
Why are u taking comments on fb srsly? There are literally millions of ppl like these on there.
Don't u start!
Don't fret....i got struck in the jaw with a football so now it hurts af to bite down. Might have bruised a tendon so yeah great start for me too!
which bellend said that?
I've honestly never seen any mall security armed with guns tho....they should probably have an armed rapid response security team hidden inside the building the next time something like this happens.
/u/conancat /u/FireTempest take note of this legit troll.
This is what I thought. The ref shoudl've blown for unsportsman like play.
That's good enough... at least once a year we sure kena cold one to reset our antibody. Still, its quite the achievement to not MC.
I kena from my boss also la. But it's my own doing also. Lol
Fackin hell. I'd buy u a beer.
I tot transistor
Can be malaysian as well. Am malaysian and we use la a lot.
What is your background? Are u local? Did u recently graduate? Where do u live? Many things to consider before spoon feeding u info.
Walking distance to mid valley? RM550? Lol. Good luck with that buddy. Open up Google map, look at ktm routes. Search rooms online.
Did u forget to switch accounts? Anyhoo, one guy commented here...he has a pretty good reasonable estimate...
Don't be a help vampire and at least come up with some options for yourself or for us to evaluate for u. And u wonder why ur not getting much response. Just open any online room site and then check the location la.
TL;DR: why u PH still support M? /s
I think OP is legit. Truthfully speaking marry brown does have better crispyness for their chicken....some more hor the skin is not the berkedut2 types u find on kfc or mcd spicy chicken.
Fuck me might as well start making nasi lemak o ais.
*raises pitchfork* How dare u advocate budaya rasuah!?!?!?
Yea like what the other guy said. Aloha Night is basically a stereotypical Hawaiian theme styled party. It's not about the fashion....more of the theme.
