I feel like these rules are too based off of interpretation. To what extent would it be considered to be expressing excessive profanity? What about the definition of advertisement, or the definition of racism, or most importantly, the definition of "insulting?" Words that may seem insulting to one may not be insulting to others or may seem very insulting to some, due to the way they interpret the statements. Ultimately, these rules are not really definite; the vague definitions weaken these rules.
I've checked the logs, and we're attacking Four Island. Adjust fuel accordingly if needbe.
Just my laptop I guess, thanks for the giveaway :)
Rust please, thanks for the giveaway :)
[Here's a short clip you might enjoy :)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iXYmFqEkCGQ&amp;app=desktop) Thanks for the giveaway :)
Portal is the one game I would show anyone wanting to get into PC gaming. Absolutely try it out.
Humble Bundle and GoG are the other sites that I'd recommend buying from. If possible, I'd recommend buying from them instead of the Steam Store, because Humble Bundle can often get you great games for very cheap prices (and supports charity), and GoG (and often Humble Bundle) offer DRM-free game downloads, meaning that once you buy the games, you get the keep the files.
Rocket League :) If you have that, try out Ori and the Blind Forest. Amazing platformer with a beautiful soundtrack.
Lego Marvel Super Heroes is the Lego game that saved the franchise (I think) so try that out. Lego Batman 3 is basically the DC equivalent of that. Also tried out Lego Jurassic World and it was pretty good. Not as good as Marvel Super Heroes, but still pretty good.
21, thanks for the giveaway :)
Rayman Origins please, thanks for the giveaway :)
Played a little bit of that as well, it's decent.
Don't Starve please, thanks for the giveaway :) Received Rocket League and Lethal League from my secret santa this x-mas :)
Doodle God please, thanks for the giveaway :) A husband and wife go to a restaurant. The waiter approaches the table to take their order. "I'll have your biggest, juiciest steak," says the husband. "But sir, what about the mad cow?" asks the waiter. "Oh," says the husband, "she'll order for herself."
Thanks for the giveaway, and happy birthday :)
987, thanks for the giveaway :)
Sanctum: Collection please, 21, thanks for the giveaway :)
21, thanks for the giveaway :)
Indeed it is. He didn't give me anything in THE league though (which I wouldn't have done anything with because Rocket League is waaaay better :) )
Thank you so much, happy holidays :)
Happy birthday :)
[Somewhat related](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dpCgqWiTGpo)
Psychonauts is a buck on Steam right now. Amazing game.
Psychonauts is only 1 buck and is absolutely amazing :)
I noticed you don't have the Stanley Parable, it's on sale for about 5 bucks if you want to try that out!
Good luck with the job interview :)
Psychonauts is just one buck right now, absolutely recommend it. Also try out Ori and the Blind Forest :)
No problem, let me know what you think of it :)
I absolutely agree with the guy who says buy the Bioshock Triple Pack. After that, you can buy Fallout New Vegas, Fallout 3/Tomb Raider, and then Borderlands 2; alternatively, don't buy any of those games and get Wolfenstein: The New Order.
21, thanks for the giveaway :)
Create a scavenger hunt of finding the most obscure things on the internet. Some things could be a little easier (for example, finding 10 Steam Accounts that still own Air Control), although you can also force them to try and find obscure facts or other obscure things (for example, try and find a $9.00 half-eaten candy bar on ebay, guess screenshots of obscure movies, or perhaps force them to watch hour long videos in order to answer questions about certain details). Again, the possibilities are endless!
21, thanks for the giveaway :)
So it's not an AAA game, but I'm looking forward to this indie game, based off of collectathon platformers like Banjo Kazooie and Super Mario Galaxy: http://hatintime.com/
GRID please! [Still one of my favorite gifs.](http://i.imgur.com/f7rJAZ7.gif) Thanks for the giveaway!
21, favorite band is Pink Floyd. Thanks for the giveaway :)
This might sound scandalous, but I'm going to tell you to download Project 64 and then emulate Conker's Bad Fur Day. There really is no other game like it.
Thanks for the giveaway :)
21, GTX 970, thanks for the giveaway :)
I can agree with pretty much all of the suggestions in this thread, and I'll add on my suggestion of Grim Fandango Remastered. The definitive adventure game with a great story.
All three are amazing, but I like Ori the most.
21, thanks for the giveaway :)
KoToR and KoToR II. Empire at War is also worth your time.
Rocket League.
Psychonauts is a buck and is definitely worth a look. Fallout New Vegas is only $2.50 and is similarly amazing. If you're looking for newer games, Ori and the Blind Forest is absolutely worth your time and is absolutely beautiful.
Favorite game that I got during the winter sale would have to be Ori and the Blind Forest. Absolutely beautiful game with an amazing soundtrack and intuitive gameplay.
Definitely! Can't get enough of collectathon 3D Platformers :)
Definitely recommend Bioshock Infinite, and Wolfenstein: The New Order
Game I'd be interested in would be Fallout: New Vegas, thanks for the giveaway! Right now, I'm just watching the AGDQ livestream of Resident Evil, otherwise known as Door Simulator Remaster. It's a pretty good time, check it out! http://www.twitch.tv/gamesdonequick
Thanks! They're up all week, so don't forget to check them out!
Thanks for the giveaway :)
Looks like everything's taken, thanks for doing this OP :)
To be honest, I'm not sure if a "good multiplayer survival game" exists; a lot of these games involve killing one another in mass multiplayer servers to survive. I've heard pretty good things about ARK though.
Not entering, but I'd like to vouch for Spelunky and Grim Fandango. Spelunky is an amazing rogue-like where you traverse dangerous caves (and much more) for fame and fortune, and Grim Fandango (directed by Tim Schafer, the guy who also directed Secret of Monkey Island and Psychonauts) is credited as one of the greatest adventure games of all time, and perhaps one of the greatest games of all time. Good luck to all who enter!
Puncayshun killed that run. He was only 4 min behind his personal best (which is still the current WR for 120 Star).
Yeah, nevertheless, even though the runners have a pretty good idea of how long each run will take, they can still vary by minutes (or many minutes) depending on how long the game is and how many mistakes/ good speedrunning strategies they use. It's usually not too much of a variation though.
http://steamcommunity.com/id/Mandraxon/ Thanks for the giveaway :)
Thanks for the giveaway :)
Excellent :)
21, Torchlight, thanks for the giveaway :)
21, thanks for the giveaway :)
Tomb Raider: Anniversary please, thanks for the giveaway :) PC is better than console because in the end, you're getting more bang for your buck. Better performance value for more utilities for a lower price.
Thanks for doing this OP :)
How about a giant trivia hunt where you have to look for obscure things on the internet? For example, find a half eaten candy bar on Ebay for 44 cents, find 10 Steam accounts that have Air Control as one of their games, find 5 actors with 3 Degrees of Bacon (see [here](https://oracleofbacon.org/)), etc. The possibilities are endless!
Euro Truck Simulator please, thanks for the giveaway :)
Ori and the Blind Forest, absolutely amazing 2D platformer with a beautiful soundtrack. Also Psychonauts, a 3D platformer with really clever writing.
Not very good with cringy stories, so here's a joke: 5 out of 6 scientists say Russian Roulette is safe. Teslagrad please, thanks for the giveaway :)
This is a comment. This is a comment below a comment. This is a comment below a comment below a comment.
21, Just Cause 3 please, thanks for the giveaway :)
Undertale Genocide run.
Fallout New Vegas please, thanks for the giveaway :)
21, Saints Row IV Game of the Century Edition please. Thanks for the giveaway :)
Depends. What kinds of games do you like OP?
Well, as a general suggestion, I'd try out Rocket League. Soccer, with turbo cars. What more could you want? If you're looking for more PC exclusives, Grim Fandango (in this case, Remastered) is another great choice; it's considered one of the defining games in the adventure genre. Then there are the obvious Valve games (which are not PC exclusives but originated on the PC) such as Portal 2, Half Life (both 1 and 2), Left4Dead, etc. These are all great games to try out, and many of them are tons of fun with friends. If you're more into strategy games, then Civ V is definitely worth a look. You can pour hours upon hours into this game simply from trying every possible civilization. Then finally, there are the indie exclusives (or previous exclusives, at least they originated from PC) that I would absolutely recommend to anyone. Terraria, Super Meat Boy, LIMBO, FEZ, Nuclear Throne, Binding of Isaac, FTL, Subnautica, Teslagrad, Trine 2, VVVVVV, and many, many, more. I have plenty of other suggestions if you're willing to narrow down what you'd like me to suggest. Hope I helped!
Hi OP, do you accept gifs? EDIT: I've sent my gif (and a spare pic just in case.)
Hey OP, I think you accidentally posted his key out in the open.
No problem, as long as the game gets to someone who wants it, that's all I care :)
You'll need to wait for Steam Sales (or larger summer sales in general) for most of these, but here are a few places to look: GoG bundles: http://www.gog.com/news/introducing_game_series_bundles GoG in general has most of the old classic games you're looking for. If you want to look into this further, then try looking up classic games themselves and then buying series bundles. My recommendations would be System Shock series and the Roller Coaster Tycoon series. You'll probably want to wait for the GoG Spring Sale though. Here's a Sega bundle that I found just from looking it up on Google: http://www.epicbundle.com/bundle/sega-classics-bundle Here's the Fallout Classics Bundle on Steam: http://store.steampowered.com/sub/45615/ Then there are the standard packs and bundles that a lot of people talk about on Steam (but you probably don't want to buy until they go really cheap): the Valve Complete Pack, Star Wars Pack, X-Com Complete Pack, etc. Also, keep an eye out on Humble Bundle. Sometimes, they have retro game bundles as part of their standard Humble Bundle or the Weekly Bundle.
Ah, gotcha. Again, check Humble Bundle frequently, they usually have great bundles filled with popular Indie Games that are widely talked about. Humble Monthly is also worth looking into.
Thanks for the offer, but I'm not the guy who asked for Burnout Paradise. How about PMing /u/drunkpolarbear instead?
Thanks for the giveaway :)
Wow, that was fast. Thanks for doing this OP!
Really surprised I don't see Undertale on here, an RPG that messes with the player's mind and recognizes that you are indeed playing the game. I'll also add System Shock 2, amazing and very spooky shooter with RPG elements that was the spiritual predecessor to Bioshock.
21, thanks for the giveaway :)
So after the 2 weeks are over (or you go over 2 hours of playtime), Steam refunds are issued on a case by case basis (but not guaranteed like the below 2 weeks/2 hours case). I suppose in this case, your refund requests were denied.
76, thanks for the giveaway :)
Not sure where this begins and where this ends. Any hints OP?
That's 12144 possible combinations (and I haven't factored in order of codes yet).
Excellent, see you then.
I'd like to enter, thanks for the giveaway :)
If you want to get him an actual good game, how about One Finger Death Punch?
Saints Row IV please, thanks for the giveaway :)
21, Rainbow 6 please, thanks for the giveaway :)
Try Planetside 2 or Unturned!
Do you still have access to your email? Need more details here.
Hey man, could you try PMing the codes to other people instead of posting them in plain text? Lurkers tend to take the plain text codes pretty quickly.
Entering, thanks for the giveaway :)
Space Engineers is a bit buggy at the moment and requires very strong specs, so be careful. Subnautica is great for single player exploration of the sea, and The Forest is great for multiplayer survival chaos.
Thanks for the giveaway :)
Assuming you're asking for no-violence games (or at least down to cartoon violence), here are my suggestions: Rocket League Portal/ Portal 2 Braid FEZ Rayman Origins/ Rayman Legends All Sonic Games (I personally recommend Sonic Generations) Shovel Knight Spelunky SteamWorld Dig Subnautica SpaceChem Tabletop Simulator Terraria (crafting/adventure) Thomas Was Alone To the Moon Toybox Turbos Antichamber Space Engineers Hope I helped!
Hey, not entering, but welcome back and thanks for doing this :)
If you're looking for THE adventure game, Grim Fandango is the best choice, although I don't know if that would cheer you up... Or you could try out Secret of Monkey Island. Pirates and treasure. What more could you want? :)
Thanks for the giveaway :)
87, thanks for the giveaway :)
Hey, I'm not entering, but thanks for doing this :)
Just noticed the hat, thanks :)
Posting here so I'm reminded to update this later with my story.
Mirror's Edge please, thanks for the giveaway :) [My favorite gif](http://imgur.com/gallery/iVHfwLc)
How about Planetside 2?
Wow, definitely interested in this, thank you for doing this :)
Ted Murphy please, thanks for the giveaway :)
Fallout New Vegas please, thanks for the giveaway :)
Hey, I'm not entering, but thanks for doing this :)
Wow spoilers man
21, thanks for the giveaway :)
A future flies underneath our body, favorite air conditioner brand is LG. Thanks for the giveaway :)
21, thanks for the giveaway :)
Do you still have any codes left? If so, I'd love to have one!
Thanks for the giveaway! Potato.
Hey, not entering for anything, but thanks for doing this! :)
Hey, go check out the Humble Winter Sale! They've got great games at really low prices for the next week or so!
Would be using it to buy a Steam gift card, thanks for the giveaway :)
Awww... Well, Risk of Rain is on sale right now for $2.49!
Not entering, but I suppose the only thing that scares me is if suddenly, everyone forgets me.
100% Orange Juice please, thanks for the giveaway :)
Thanks for the giveaway :)
Arkham Asylum GOTY please, thanks for the giveaway :)
Whoops, just saw it, my bad!
Child of Light please, thanks for doing this :)
Still pretty sure Arkham Asylum is a great game. Check it out!
21, thanks for the giveaway :)
DS has officially forfeited the two remaining territories. http://imgur.com/XScjpd0
It's just the way my comp is set up. You got a problem with that?
Saints Row 4 please, thanks for the giveaway :)
21, thanks for the giveaway :)
Gaming has never been the same ever since I beat Pokemon Sapphire for the first time. Thanks for the giveaway :)
2100, Farming Simulator 2013, thanks for the giveaway :)
Thanks for the giveaway :)
If you know how to script, try using various scripting languages (Ruby, R, C++, and many others) to encrypt details of an entire code.
Thanks for the giveaway :)
Thanks for the giveaway :)
Witcher 3 please, thanks for the giveaway :)
Ah, Hat Simulator is indeed quite a strain on resources. I'm sure an SSD can help to load those hats much more efficiently.
Not entering, but it seems like everyone in this thread got downvoted. A shame really, I'll be upvoting everything.
I believe GOG hosts Secret Santas during both the Summer Sale and the Winter Sale :)
First game I played on my first build was Starcraft. Nuclear Throne please, thanks for the giveaway :)
http://imgur.com/0Os1fCv I'll leave the rest of the games for everyone else, but thanks for doing this :)
Let me know if there's anything you're interested in [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/indiegameswap/comments/4lbcvw/h_a_hat_in_time_humble_monthly_may_leftovers_and/0). I've also got everything in the current Humble Narrative Bundle BTA tier except Broken Age at the moment. I'm interested in Papo &amp; Yo (assuming that is the full game, and not the soundtrack as you have linked), Universe Sandbox, and Bit Trip Runner.
Unfortunately, I can't find anything I'd be willing to take in exchange for A Hat in Time, but I appreciate the offer! See below for my further logic. Happy trading!
Sure, I'll keep you posted :)
Not a fair deal at all, sorry.
Yeah, sorry about that, after further thought it seems as if I've misunderstood you (quite late at night for me right now). However, I'll still be declining the trade offer, as I'd be willing to do 1 to 1 for Guacamelee for either one of those games, but not both together. Again, sorry for the misunderstanding.
Not too interested in GTA IV for both of those, sorry. Thanks for the offer!
Sure, add me on Steam.
Unfortunately, there's nothing else on your list I'd be interested in. Happy trading!
Not a bad deal, I'll keep your offer in mind and let you know soon. And yes, it is a gift link.
Sure, I'd take 3.5 keys for Rocket League (we could figure something out for the half key), or 8 keys for A Hat in Time. Feel free to add me on Steam if you want to work this out further.
Any interest in buying anything from my list? Currently on mobile, so I can't provide a link, but you should be able to get to it through my Reddit comments.
Sounds good. I'm on mobile at the moment, so we'll do the trade whenever both of us are at the keyboard again.
No problem, thanks for the response and happy trading!
randompls , thanks for the giveaway :)
Are we using the Sevii Islands? ^pleasesayno^plz
Hey OP, glad to see that you're helping to make GOG a better place! Just a friendly reminder, make sure whoever posts wanting the games gives their steam ID. Again, not entering for the games, but thanks for doing this :)
If OP's not interested, I've got Towerfall Ascension as well. Let me know if you've got any offers and I'll try to get back to you as soon as possible.
Unfortunately, I can't find anything I'd be interested in, but thanks for the offer!
Offer's appreciated, but I think I'll turn down Sanctuary for 80 Days. Still thinking about yesterday's offer though.
I think I can do that, add me on Steam. http://steamcommunity.com/id/Mandraxon/
Traded Infinifactory to /u/Lemons14436 in exchange for a CS:GO Key.
Confirmed, thanks!
Thanks! :D
Compared to the May Bundle, which I thought was alright, this bundle made me really excited. I've already got Rocket League, but I can confirm that it is a ton of fun, especially with friends. WASTED looks like if Borderlands got even more cartoony and became a rogue-lite, so I'm really looking forward to trying that out. Steredenn looks like a typical arcade pixel space shooter, but seems very clean. Dungeon of the Endless (another Rogue-Lite) seems like a strategy tower defense game set in space, and has been on my wishlist for a few months. Keep Talking and Nobody Explodes is one of the best co-op experiences out there, cannot recommend it enough. Planetary Annihilation: TITANS seems to be the (seemingly better) sequel to the original game. A little suspicious of this, due to the developers' reputation, but reviews seem pretty good and I'll give it a shot. And The Forest (which my friends have dubbed Meme Simulator 2016) is a ton of fun with friends. Maybe not as stark of a survival experience as The Long Dark, but it seems quite solid. I'm going to mostly ignore Cat Girl Without Salad, because it seems like an April Fool's prank gone weird, but hey, sometimes the weirdest games are the best ones. I'll give it a shot. Overall, this bundle makes me quite excited. Really looking forward to trying these games out.
Hey again, I've got 1993 Space Machine from May's Humble Monthly. Want to trade Tiny and Big for 1993 Space Machine?
Thank you so much for doing this!
21, would love La-Mulana, thanks for doing this!
Noticed someone else put down the Jurassic Park melodica, so have some James Bond melodica: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xv2IQTX-ODU
If you're willing to put in a little more work, you can create your own Youtube music with this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_BXRjfj6cv0&amp;feature=youtu.be The Imperial March button combination is given on the Youtube Vid, but you can most definitely find more combinations. The possibilities are endless!
oh :( Thanks again Azure :) [have some otamatone as appreciation](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PxLB70G-tRY)
Thanks for the recommendation, I'll let you know later how it turns out :)
As I quote a reddit comment I saw: "It's like an angelic chorus that hates me"
Not entering, but as a Dota 2 player myself, I appreciate what you're giving away. The pass gives away tons of cosmetics and beautiful textures, and the quests are tons of fun! Just make sure you don't risk throwing the game just for your own personal quest, it's about teamwork after all! Thanks for doing this Dan :)
To an extent it's a gamble, but to be fair, many of the Humble Monthly games are very much worth your time. They try to find games of many different genres (with most of them having very good reviews) to try and cater to all types of players, and many of the games that end up showing up end up being games on my wishlist (for example, April's Monthly had Renowned Explorers, May's Monthly had Infinifactory and Oddworld, and this Monthly had The Forest and Keep Talking and Don't Explode). It's obviously better if the early unlock game is a game you'd enjoy, but I have enough confidence in Humble in that I'm sure they'll manage to include at least one great game that's on my wishlist, and plenty of other great games that I can either trade away or are worth trying out.
You've got a deal. Add me on Steam. EDIT: I'll put this on hold, might be better offers coming up soon.
I think I'm out of copies of Infinifactory, sorry :( I think I made an offer on your thread, 1993 Space Machine for Tiny and Big? Let me know if you're up for it.
Hmm... I'd ask for 3.5 keys. Think we can discuss over Steam what to do about the half key?
Sure, keep me posted.
Hi /u/KeinZantezuken, just marking down a comment here as proof. I'll look at your list in a bit. Update: I can do RL for Salt and 80 Days, or 3.5 CS:GO Keys. Aaaand he deleted his comment. This is why I had to mark the comment first...
Sounds good. Note that my timezone is in HK, so I may or may not be awake when you ask again. I'll try and keep track of things though.
Uhh, I think I'll be going to sleep in around an hour or so? Might be a bit difficult. I'm not in a rush to make decisions though, so if you're willing to keep your offer up, I'll let you know as things come through.
Yeah, I think I can do that. I'll be looking around a bit longer, but I think you're top priority at the moment. Putting this on hold if you don't mind.
You're all good in my book, I'll keep you posted. Happy trading to you as well :)
Think there's a good possibility we'll be doing trading in the future, so I'll add you anyways.
Oh you ;)
It's really quite strange. To me, deleting an offer is basically telling me you don't want any evidence that the offer occurred, and when I do follow up with him on his own thread (as I did one time), he never replied back. He tends to ignore a lot of offers on his own threads as well, so basically, he leaves me with no idea of where his offers stand.
He's KeinZantezuken. I somehow expected this.
I'm afraid there's nothing I'm interested in on your list, but thanks for the offer!
I'll keep that in mind, thanks for the heads up.
Happy trading!
You too :)
Well, you've got I Have No Mouth and I Must Scream, but I can't do a 1-1 trade for that with Rocket League or A Hat in Time. What were you looking for?
Sounds good, add me on Steam. http://steamcommunity.com/id/Mandraxon/
Confirmed, thanks!
