Pretty good argument. Especially when your ex-teammates are killing people and letting the air out of footballs. Much harsher crimes.
Because it's WDAZ and everyone working there is 22.
That's because she was a lesbian so they always flirted with the fact that she was a dude.
Yes that is very much in line with the whole meta theme.
It's the complainers who never leave Reddit. They've seen it all. Twice.
Frankly, our world needs more of this. Kids need to know they're wrong. There's too much acceptance of inaccuracy amongst today's youth, all for the sake of not hurting their feelings.
*Outta the way ewe!
Bullshit. I call bullshit on your nonsensical karma grab.
Honestly though, having read the book, this is a great casting. I read it before they announced that there was going to be a movie and the entire time, I thought of Donald Glover for that role. The nerdy cool guy who just kind of hangs out in the background and then comes up with THE plan.
Thanks! But don't you have any other technology than VHS?
For your first movie-theater experience ... you choose ... poorly.
I like dinosaurs AND Chris Pratt!!!
Uh, did they give Watney a wife and kid?
Bean plays a NASA nerd back on earth.
This movie needs to be a hard R to keep its humor
Anything that uses the term "post-(insert overarching noun here) society" is hackneyed. But this one actually makes decent points.
It's ok. You're good shit for posting. I'm just playin.
You're in high school, aren't you?
Be David Caruso in "Jade."
A lot of the same people complaining about censorship on Reddit are the same people who don't want to hear what a Republican has to say or what people who don't wholeheartedly agree with them on any issue have to say.
Because women are stupider then men.
Too Asian...
Read the story and do research before posting a comment people. This "story" is a column written for Slate by an environmental activist. The law that Wyoming passed had nothing to do with taking pictures. It had everything to do with "scientists" trespassing on private land -- a huge problem in the state -- in order to do research on public lands. That's it. Is it a poorly written law? Of course. But will you be persecuted for taking a photo of Yellowstone. No. So please, take things with a grain of salt when you read them on the Internet and do more background research than making sweeping judgements and decisions based on one biased column. P.S. I find it funny how everyone on the left is pro-government expansion until it infringes on THEIR freedom. Maybe they will soon get what their cousins on the right have been screaming about for centuries. Less government = best government.
That's a terrible comparison to make for so many reasons.
He should be the ESPN Arthur Ashe Courage Award winner. ... Oh wait...
This was the 90s. These were "bad guys" in the 90s.
Ok....
Hollywood liberals love a man who wants to take all their money away and redistribute it to everyone else. Sounds about right.
Good to know that this mother fucker has a place in this world. We're such a progressive society. How amazing we are.
Actually, it's the First Amendment protecting both of you. The confederate wannabes and the Yankee dandies.
Love how we're getting downvotes for speaking truths that people don't like to hear.
Uh yeah, it's called war for a reason, albeit a war of arms races and spy games. If the U.S. would not have flexed superior might, you may not be here. Think about this.
Should have had a picture of Dean Pelton and Chang.
Brett Dalton, if you didn't close the deal, you're dead to me.
Wrong. It's out now because it's privately owned and the landowner got tired of people being on his land without his permission.
Patterson Lake's Crooked Crane Trail is about to get a huge revamp too, so that'll be nice.
Bernie Sanders supporters? Haaaave you met Reddit?
AWESOME-O!!!
Gotta love Vox's dig at Fox News in there. Everybody was reporting on that when it happened. Fox just got there first while the other networks were busy stroking Obama's dick.
Clearly you've never been to Chicago.
I know a girl from college who is in one of those Blue Cross Blue Shield "take the stairs" commercials. They're so cheesy, yet surprisingly well done.
That seemed like a lot of work for a gif.
Jesus.
Girls who want to watch dudes with abs run around slaying stuff? Sounds normal.
At the time, the CGI was solid. It's all we had man!!! But yes, I remember going to MKA the day after Thanksgiving with my dad while my mom shopped. I was disappointed but not as much as I'm sure he was.
Why does every pretend to hate Grown-Ups? Those movies grossed like $500 million combined.
At this point, it really couldn't hurt.
Well you'd want to change your name too if it sounded like an adorable dog breed.
First thing I thought was "and this is why we can't ever wholly get rid of petroleum-based vehicles." Electric fire truck? Dead.
I love chicks that wear that brand of bikini. The boob coverers (scientific term) look like little eyes that I am forced to stare at.
Remember when dogs couldn't see TVs?
Can I mention how great it is that Redditors refer to tips as such. And not fucking "hacks." I don't think there's a thing I hate more on earth than the usage of that word.
I really liked FGL. And then I saw them in concert. It was a good performance but you could tell they were high and maybe drunk.
No. Fucking change. They're why aliens won't make contact with us.
Man or woman?
Run.
FDR didn't get us into a war until thousands of Americans died first. Same as GWB.
Well, considering most of the characters were created by Jewish white guys....
How about the Native Americans, Syrians, Finnish and Australians? Where are their directors? Where are their superheroes? See how far the rabbit hole goes?
Bacon hung dong in Wild Things too. For Matt Dillon and no one else. ... The 90s were a strange time.
Difference: Trump's wife's plastic surgery was paid for with earned money.
Boom's over dude. Everyone went home except the C-squad strippers, the heroin addicts and the Africans. Keep in mind you get all those things in Fargo too. But it has a JC Penney in an actual mall.
He wakes up every morning and makes the decision to wear that fucking earring.
Yet he functions like Simple Jack.
I used to play video games until I was about 28. That's when life took over. Wife, kids, hyperactive dog, job with way more responsibilities, more time needed to care for my physical appearance and well-being now that I'm past my prime. It all adds up. And while at the end of the day, I'd love to play Madden for 3 hours, what the hell am I gaining from it? Is finishing Star Wars Battlefront going to make me a better person? I also feel that games have become too expensive and force you to be far too engrossed in them to enjoy them. It's why I always tended to buy sports games. I didn't have to spend 5 hours playing them to accomplish something. I am afraid that I'm going to have kids that beg me for video games and that they're going to become loads in high school like I was if I give them whatever new gaming system we have by them. And worst of all, I'm going to want to play it too. I want my kids to experience nature, get good grades and exceed at life.
And then you learned he had a bigger dick then you?
So those are the players we AREN'T getting. Because when has a mock draft ever been totally correct?
You're getting downvoted for telling Reddit idiots the truth about their most recent deity. Sorry.
Sorry to hear you have trouble kissing someone. And your friend was actually probably a little weirded out that you didn't kiss him but you sucked his cock. No matter. You seem to be OK overall. You just need to see a therapist and get past this hurdle and you'll be right as rain.
They did. It's called free agency. It didn't help.
He revealed their closely guarded secret.
Went through this recently during a water line break. Get hands dirty fixing something after the water has been turned off. Better go wash my hands.
Winnick is dynamite and near perfect for the role (she's a real-life martial artist and looks the part). But she would be 40 by the time the movie comes out. Doubt Marvel pulls that trigger.
We've had oil since the 50s. We also produce a lot of the food people eat every day. North Dakota: Being quietly useful and not taking any credit for it since 1889.
Durum is pasta dipshit.
They're republicans. As long as it's working, they see no need to meddle or learn specifics of how something works. They prefer to leave the tech stuff to the tech guys and focus on bigger issues.
https://imgflip.com/gif/djjrg
I don't either. But thing is, Coogler earned his stripes. He got this off skill. Not solely because of his skin color.
Design me one then and let's have some fun.
Clearly you don't understand the concept of humor or movie references. Which is normal for this site, I guess.
Most Are
How did you do the ads?
Margaret Phelps... ahemmmm, I mean Jed York... will never let that happen.
But they didn't do it for Russian studio.
You can't disturb the Sanders Reddit hivemind. The mods are too powerful.
I'm I the only one who sees a Hydra influence here?
^This man knows what he's talking about. It's true. How many good pass rushers do you see dangled as trade bait? Ever?
As a North Dakotan, I watch all these snowdiving gifs and videos, then I wonder how they handled their hypothermia and/or frostbite.
Well they had to get Lewis Black in there somehow.
I'm a republican and these guys can go get fucked by Obama's small black dick.
I like Johnny Galecki as an actor but man does he look like he'd be a tool in person.
And then the Qatari government sues FIFA over all the stadiums they built and can't use. Oh well, I suppose they wouldn't really be used after 2022 anyway.
"We can't just leave him like that."
What do you? Census? Vacuum salesman? Nomad Prostitute?
That's the gag.
I'd say he's the best party rocking tight end the league has ever seen. http://www.sportingnews.com/nfl-news/4644012-rob-gronkowski-las-vegas-birthday-celebration-gronk-cake-smash-new-england-patriots
It don't. He country will be better off if we're not trying to elect a socialist who wants to tax the hell out of everyone and destroy the upper class. Because when no one has incentive to succeed, no one shall succeed. That and Congress would keep every single stupid idea Bernie has from every becoming reality. A president is not a king, despite what you children have grown up thinking thanks to Bush and Obama.
How do you have cows with calves and not have a warming room in your barn/shed?!?! You know how many calves' lives that saves?
Is Blake Jenner the dude sticking his dick in her in those tasteful pornography photographs she has floating around?
This effort failed. Wonder why?
Try 80s
South Dakota takes its wrestling seriously. But also with a side of humor.
The 90s were pretty kind to the gays. I'm not sure what you're talking about with that reference.
Paris.
Sounds like a r/RickandMorty/ moment.
Chick, who at 14 was already a stunner, basically threw herself at me for months and I didn't act on it like a stupid 14-year-old.
A study came out that these images were exaggerated. http://www.thedickinsonpress.com/energy/gas/3763656-study-shows-bakken-natural-gas-flare-satellite-images-arent-accurate
Sometimes I wish people worried about more than shit like this.
At least 2. Wentz put a quick pass on an open bubble screen in his hands and he flat dropped it.
Jodie Foster, is that you?
No one got your joke. #zombieland
I prefer to think Danny Cordray is still out there making deals for a paper company.
She should be. It made her insanely wealthy and it's not like she's getting any meaty roles these days.
That sounds like a season of a Entourage.
But when that shit came out, everybody loved it. It was the biggest movie of the year.
Edge of Tomorrow wasn't his fault. It was the title. Awesome movie. He's good in it. Terrible marketing. "Live. Die. Repeat." would have been such a great and unique title for a movie. But some focus group assholes and the studio cunts who believe in them thought differently.
I just remember how Resse screwed Paul Walker and then they become colored. As in not grayscale.
Now we know Zach Snyder's handle. Or at least some WB studio lackey's handle.
Marrying the woman I'm married to and not making a move on one of my good friends who still looks at me like she wants to have my babies.
Did the same at 15 on a flight that was less than half full. Came back to my seat and my parents were like "are you OK?" They thought I got sick. Apparently my face was also very flush.
Well it was on a tennis court....
They had a nanny cam and watch your video to this day, I guarantee it.
Seth MacFarlane doing this surprises no one.
I'm just happy we're finally giving Dragan a chance. Someone got to Earl and told him "Don't leave the #4 pick on the bench when you're terrible. Just play him. Who cares?" Turns out he's decent when allowed to touch a basketball.
Groot?
Exactly. You don't just go to the Black Hills to see Mount Rushmore. You go to Deadwood, Sturgis, the Caves, Wall Drug, Keystone, Custer State Park, Badlands National Park and all the other touristy crap they have now. Even Rapid City's downtown is pretty cool. Mount Rushmore is the thing you go there for. Everything else is what you remember.
Should have never gave up that Lakers pick. Ever.
Straight up for Jimmy Butler then?
Say "fifth consecutive year". It's much more accurate.
Stay at Teddy's in Watford. It's fairly new and has a bar/lounge that rivals one in any major city.
That's what they are actually living in there. Do you think there are buildings there? No. it's on a river bottom.
Spoiler: If she wants to fuck him, she's going to fuck him.
.... Rated PG-13.
Upvoted for referring to Boulder as hoighty-toighty. Truer statements are rare.
Roscoe being Roscoe.
She's made of at least 4 percent lab-manufactured materials.
I won't take credit for this because I saw it somewhere else, but it's too good not to repeat .... Seems like a good fit. He already has experience losing to Wisconsin.
"Small but cozy. Adequate service. Expected more but still satisfied." 5/10
It's always good when lawmakers understand, um, law.
You have a smart father.
Are you me?
Hardaway, Kidd, Googs, Majerle, Barkley, Nash and Stoudemire.
Everyone is bitching about the customer here. But as a server, you have to read your customer as well. Are they old fashioned? Call him sir and call her ma'am. Are they young and hip? Be casual as hell with them and they'll appreciate it.
You should like an actual GM. Who do you work for?
Negan's group in The Walking Dead has free healthcare. The doctor doesn't get paid either.
No matter what the media or the liberal agenda-driving Internet folks try and tell you, the vast majority of Americans find transgenders very, very taboo.
Was he, um, preparing?
Hard or Soft?
So basically Mac from It's Always Sunny?
He actually masturbated with Gerald while naked in a hot tub during a meteor shower party.
How about you donate money to the actual clinics there are there. Not one that'll be gone in a few months.
Post this on r/Minneapolis and watch the karma roll in.
They ain't killing shit. They're peacocking. And we all know peacocks can't fly.
The way they've been talking lately, it appears farmers aren't on the table for these folks. Which is ironic because the more they bitch about them, the greater the chance food won't be on the table for them either.
Until they set the village on fire.
I'm convinced we could get Watson at No. 34 overall.
Jesus Christ, put us all on Mountain time like we're supposed to be then. The sun doesn't come up in Bismarck until like 8:30 am in the fall and winter and the sun doesn't set til like 10 pm in summer.
"Deeply ashamed" huh? So like Black Lives Matter folks? Or maybe you're talking about the millions upon millions of people who dropped out of the workforce. Ooooh no, it's the family of Chris Stevens.
Reagan won 49 states for a reason.
Yeah, The National Anthem sucked me right into this show and started a binge.
The cast has me afraid for Valarian.
I think we wait until the second or third round and get someone like the Wyoming QB. Someone who can develop under a veteran while we suck for a couple years and rebuild.
Cheeky fucker.
I love the western script from the 80s. It is very much a part of AZ culture and I like what you did in making that western script a little more modern. I actually like the modernized 80s version better than the modernized 90s version.
PG is basically Grant Hill but not at the same time.
Custom on the spot? I did not know that. Next time I'm in state, that gets added to my list of stops.
Well yeah. People forget that 15 years ago, big men were in school for 2-4 years. They were only one and done's if they were outstanding. So these guys are coming into the league as men who had a chance to develop in a minor league. Now they are boys who have yet to develop coming into a league that expects them to be good by the time they should actually be rookies. And the problem is, their talent level has actually not gotten that much better. They are just a little more athletic. They don't know how to shoot better. They sure as hell don't know how to play in the post better. But they sure can dunk better. Like that really wins championships.
I'm a Trump supporter and I try to remind my fellow Trump people as often as possible that once upon a time Monica's blue dress was considered "fake news."
This is good schadenfreude.
I stupidly bought Guardians without the digital copy. If anyone has an extra they'd like to share, I'd be very appreciative.
I like the gross overgeneralization in the headline.
I think they're both Hufflepuff.
Maybe just play the regular season and don't get fancy about it.
Actually this is Steve Buscemi as a young man. http://m.imgur.com/gallery/VAeA885
Yeah i know. He will likely rise. But you never know.
There's no wrong way to do it right on r/the_donald. You're welcome to join anytime.
Please explain how so then. If you can tell me how stupid I am, then fucking correct me.
Cuz she's a cute bisexual who is fucking her way to the top.
It's not awesome that I look out the office into the dark at 9 am like some Alaskan.
How dare you question Point Break with Cars and Minorities?
It's ok. It knows not what it does. It was raised in an era of narcissistic values and lack of respect. Edit: Why all the downvotes? Surely it's not because I referred to OP by a specific gender. I know how you children dislike science and enjoy idiotic niceties.
If that person is the same age as me (male, early 30s), I hope I never interact with them because they clearly don't understand the significance of that day. That day changed the world and set us on the course we are currently on. I was a senior in high school. It was the scariest day of my life up to that point -- particularly because we were all are of draft age and had no idea what the future held for us. Thank god it didn't end up that way, but i will forever try and educate people who throw around 9/11 as a joke that it was an incredibly serious and devastating event.
Dude is getting downvoted for facts. You people are idiots.
"Against their will" is total bullshit. Yeah, a few went against their wishes but most signed up and were ready to do what they were told to in service of their country. And here's another thing: many men signed up before being drafted because they wanted to fight. They wanted to be a part of it. Remember that Pearl Harbor had a HUGE impact on the US psyche in those days. Thousands of sailors ambushed and killed. (Also men who weren't drafted.) It was a different time in which service to your country meant something. Now, people are praised for their YouTube videos whole military members are looked down upon. It's a sad time really.
Yeah. Tony Robbins cursed him with his giant jaw.
This actually happened to me once. Was a girl who had a kid. She didn't date anyone because she had a great job and tried to balance her kid too. She literally had no time for a boyfriend. We talked a lot and hooked up a couple times but ended up going out separate ways when I realized she would always choose her kid and job over me. We are still friends. But I've moved on and have a family while she remains single and seems to go through that whole song and dance with other guys a couple times a year.
You must live north of The Wall.
Actually we are one of the most energy-friendly states. Want to drill an oil well? OK. Want to put up a wind farm? Just get the landowners' to go along with it and you're all good. Want to mine coal? Sure why not. Get it while you can.
Yeah I'm a Trump supporter and even as a hobby photographer I looked at this and went, "Huh, this is odd." It's unique. That's all I can say about it.
Starring Glenn from Walking Dead. As long as he is healed from that head injury suffered on set.
I don't think the Obamas had poor family values. Just a selfish dad.
Now that's a fucking mic drop on this election.
Someone please balance this out with some Rob Schneider.
Two actors in the same play that just had an audience member walk on the stage and get the standing ovation they never got.
I kinda want to downvote your comment just to keep you from hitting 5 stars.... is that a meaningful reaction?
You mean some actors are actually working this weekend and not marching in a protest? Good for these guys.
I was just kinda being saucy because it seems like most of our "heroes" from Marvel movies were busy protesting this past week. However, I feel like a lot of them don't realize or care that millions of us who watch their films (and buy tickets to their movies, their action figures, etc.) voted for the people they don't like, and we don't want them telling us how stupid we are. It's beyond insulting. I love many of them as actors but I feel like they're so insulated from their fans that they don't understand why so many of us don't care to see them out there doing that, and are seriously considering not watching their films anymore because of it.
Soros isn't even Black Mirror level. He's a straight-up Bond villain.
I worked for a newspaper, there's no money in charging you to buy a newspaper. And also, they do kinda do that. It's part of why the Sunday paper costs more. Because it costs more to mail with all the ads.
So glad this actor is out of office.
