Your doing yourself a disservice by playing without a joystick. A hotas makes a world of difference
If you knowingly keep that information from someone, that's an absolutely terrible violation of trust, and I would consider someone who does that to be the lowest form of human being. I don't know what country your in, but in my country that's illegal as far as I know, and for good reason.
Toys section of Wal-Mart sells various priced water guns.
The issue I had with my rail asp is the 4 small rails and the 2 medium rails don't fire at the same time. I would swap between the small and medium in combat. Eventually I ended up going to a full multicannon setup. 4 small and 2 medium multicannons shred targets.
A ligar
Vulture after t6, then a t7, then an asp. I ran the vulture/asp combo doing combat and rare runs. I found the asp excellent for running rares. The t6 has good range, but your far less vulnerable in the asp. From the vulture/asp combo I went to the center python. It's been my main ship despite adding the fdl and the anaconda.
It's also the cheapest built stick I have ever seen. I took the dive on it knowing the bad reviews, and it's held up, but it's light, and feels super cheap. It creeks and has lots of play in the stick. It's got a shit load of buttons, lots are of no use for elite, and the 3 hats on the stick seems silly as its very awkward to use. I'd advise against it, but to each their own. If you were in Canada I'd sell you mine.
This only applies to people trying to jump to supercruise. You cannot mass lock a ship that is jumping to another system.
The wings of 4 pythons interdicting and killing single commanders is pathetic. Elite Dangerous : assholes in space
Each system is its own level. When you jump to a new system, that's essentially a loading screen.
I have never done any mining, but am thinking about trying. My anaconda is collecting dust atm, so I might as well try that. What's involved for mining? Do I need a lot of mining lasers, or is 2 enough? I assume I need a refinery, cargo space, and drones to collect?
Hard point placement wise, the type 9 may be better than using my anaconda...
Gta v style insurance. Someone murders you, they bite the cost. It's how insurance works in the world. Discourage pointless murder, be good reason for the thousands of solo traders to play open.
To get solo traders in open, you need to reduce the number of pointless murders. Changing the insurance so the killer pays the rebuy, may help reduce the chances of a trader getting killed by another player just for fun.
Few months ago my work became so stressful that I started getting anxiety attacks. I sacked up my pride and talked to my doctor, who prescribed an anti depressant. Now I feel much better. The worry is still there, but my stress peaks and valleys is more smooth, I'm able to keep things in perspective. It probably saved my life. Side effect... I have the runs all day, every day.
She has an awesome ass.
I like the word "respected". Thinks back to getting jumped and murdered last week by cosmic state goons
lol, I'll post what I please.
I don't see how an hour of bounty hunting only got you 40k. Even a wanted sidewinder can be that much. With a cheap kws, you should be pulling in 20x that in an hour
Tossing mild insults and then telling someone to be diplomatic.... Ha
Didn't read the whole thing, but the reality is this game is still in beta. Retail or not, it's buggy as all he'll and lacking in features. Powerplay is a giant bowl of hot trash. Mixing in a civilization style meta at this point in development seems to be a bad decision. I know lots of people who have left because the game needs atleast a years development before it's up to par. You own the game, if it's not feeling right, nothing stopping you from leaving and returning when it's in a more complete state.
In all my time I have never bothered to visit a belt cluster. I have always been disappointed with stations. The outposts and orbis star ports have some variations, and the coriolis has 2 variations.... It's so boring. Every system feels the same. I'd like to see shipyards, slave stations, giant military outposts, solar generating stations, deep space research outposts, huge recycling barges that drift around systems...massive faction star bases. Giant space scrap yards. Games like X have lots of variety and the universe feels alive. Elite feels very empty.
Experiences like this are rare, but great to hear about.
Been there myself, I know your pain Count yourself lucky the friction didn't lead to bleeding and a subsequent infection.. Worst 4 weeks of my life. Well written
Cool story.
Don't be a sore looser. If you run from a pirate, your asking to be killed. When your pirated, you either submit to the demands, negotiate your way out, or run and die. 100% of the time I pirate someone, if they responded to communication things go well. And most of the time, if the player I pirate makes a case for it, I let them go with only a few units of cargo. Of the 4 people I pirated last night, one ran, and I left him crippled. One I only asked for 2 units because he had a bounty and was a new player, the other two I let go free because they made a case for it.
I'm shaking in my boots. But hey, add me to your contact list. Your free to take a crack at me anytime you please.
The lave cluster is a lot more calm these days than before powerplay.
Piracy is a negotiation. If you have to forcibly take the cargo, you have done it wrong.
Waaah waaah Killing is OK. Stealing is OK. Corrupting entire star systems is OK. Galatic war is OK. Slavery and drugs are ok. Espionage is totally over the line? This adds to the experience. Go toss wet blankets somewhere else.
Hahahaha
Turrets are terrible, the damage reduction is brutal. Fixed is best, gimball is the most practical. The viper is by far, a better ship, and it's hard to outfit it poorly. I enjoyed a mix of beams and multicannons, but I also enjoyed a full multicannon build aswell as running pure rail guns.
Grind it to the viper. If you find someone to help you, hit a res and knock off a few bounties. Two dropships or clippers and you have 200-300k, and your into a viper in no time. I spent less then an hour in my sidewinder.
A thargoid threat will be a unification of the players. Right now we are all split, fighting for different factions. Bring in a threat that surpasses other threats and enemies will work towards a single goal. ..... Or it will fracture it. Part of me wants to see a mass wave of thousand of players moving towards a front to meet the enemy. Think of the community goals. War parties, search and rescue. Supply the front line systems, evacuate civilians, material supplies to build capital ships. Giant space battle escorting fleets of civilian evacuation ships. Same time, have groups that will try to take advantage of the situation. Rouge groups that run and try to colonize a system on the other side of the Galaxy. The alien war allows for huge story arcs. Much more interesting than the stupid powerplay stories
Most doors are made from fiberboard. So toxic glues, paints, plastics.
Nhl games. Resogun, the witcher 3
Google a video. Any description wouldn't do it justice. Also, Diablo 3 on console is actually really good, much better than pc.
I'd steal every pair of Emma stones panties.
Would bang
I'd murder the he'll out of all the cheerios, fruit loops and corn pops
A fedora Or a vape
For me, predator... Was my live for so many years.... Fury road though.... That shit is flawless.
Your statement that America only does what you claim is prejudice and ignorant. I see just as much positive about America as I see them slamming others.
I got drunk and screwed a bunch of girls. Gave me fuckload of confidence
Your ignorant to suggest that all Americans do that. And yet most other countries like to do the same thing towards America
Medical yes, recreation no
More tits
Obama. Always Obama
Ten points good sir
Incomplete without a photo of you in your underwear.
See her tits often in true blood.... Only reason to watch that show.
The frozen song.
I mean, see true blood for her outstanding acting talent. Not for her gap teeth and amazing buttermilk tits.
This right here. Or pizza
These people clearly have never known how glorious girl on girl porn is.
Why do you want to do that?
Diamondback or asp. Combat effective, cargo capacity and jump range. Makes for the ideal rare trading ship.
All power plants are easy to hit.
Angles with filthy soules It's a fake movie made just for home alone. I heard they included it in DVD special features.
Like others have said, the viper is probably the best one.
Masters of the universe
In Ontario we generate less than 0.05% of our power from wind and it's costing almost the same as the other 99.05%
Bring your wallet. Elite dangerous as a current, and cheaper alternative
Nope, I made that up. But, Ontario has spent something like 100 billion on wind power and it has never, ever, generated even 1% of our used power. That and we pay the companies that operate the windmills 3-5x per kwh than we do nuclear or gas. We have one of the most powerful generating stations at Niagara Falls sitting idle. We have so much excess power we PAY northern states to take it from us. We regularly pay Bruce power to vent the excess heat from the nuclear stations because we are not using them. Costs hundreds of thousands. Wind power has bankrupted Ontario.
Nerfed? Naw dude, one of the powers even gives huge bounty bonus.
Oh Toronto
Should read up on your elite dangerous as you appear to be misinformed. Both are works in progress, and for core components, they are the same. Both billed as sandbox space simulators. To your points, the only notable difference between ed and SC is that SC may have a fps component. That being said, Ed has fully modeled interiors and the ability to walk around in ships, stations and planets is in the works. So no, it's not a cockpit simulator. To your point that SC is a fps, no, it's a space ship simulator. The fps is a side addition. Not the other way around. I own both, spent hundreds on SC. SC may have more fps, but ed has a drastically bigger universe. Ed is a fantastic alternative as SC is years away.
I try not to kill other commanders. And anytime I do its usually in defence. Past few days I have been near lhs 3447 or whatever the starting system is. I was in a res with my anaconda helping some new players along when I hit a npc cop and became wanted. I melted the 3 police Eagles that were pestering me and was making my way out of the ring and 2 commanders, one in a viper, other in a cobra decided to go after my bounty. I warned them and ended up putting both down to 5% health. One drifted, other spun until he smashed against my shields.
Turrets will attack on their own. I outfitted my anaconda for defence in a res and put 20 units of gold in the cargo. Pirates would scan and attack, turrets returned fire. In low intensity it's only sidewinders, cobras and adders, and my ship managed with little issue. I was able to sit hands off for an hour to see how it went. Profit was minimal, 300k in an hour. Not worth the risk. I can't imagine a cz working. Even if turrets worked properly, even a tanked anaconda wouldn't survive without the user firing cells.
I was running 4 fixed medium pulse and a large gimball pulse on the bottom.
I have been in that system for a few days with my python and anaconda helping new players, bit last night atleast a dozen skilled pilots rolled in and we're wrecking cmdrs all over.
I would sing them to death.
This is a game where death can mean days of grinding gone. If you gotta go, go
Space sandbox. Combat, trading, piracy. Billions of star systems. Learning curve, but top notch game.
Kinguin was fine. I got mine there. Ship, week of premium and a walk of gold for $9. I haven't heard of anyone who got hosed from them.
The French did it better.
If the invasion didn't pork their plans, the French had one of the biggest and meanest ships ever made, right up there with the Yamato. Dual front quad turrets....
But they actually made the Richelieu class. Despite its problems, was an epic design.
holy shit. Im at nearly $65 with nothing but dabloons and half a dozen camo
I take rudder shift on everything but a few of the USN destroyers.
Yep, it's how I evade so many torps
Ranked isn't about extended brawls. It's about fast decisive strikes. Mogami is good for suppressing destroyers, but not far more than that.
Great video. I did the USN line to the Baltimore but haven't really used it more than 3 or 4 times since I got it a month ago. I was considering free xp to the des moins, but the zao seems like a much better boat. So I started the ign cruiser line and I am working the myoko. I haven't used it much as my division mates are all far behind me, but I'm really liking it. I find it just slams AP into anyone who sails sideways. Part of me is not looking forward to the Mogami as I hate high angle. The zao looks awesome. Worst part is sitting on 20,000 gold.... The temptation to jump to a TX is brutal.
Story of my fucking life.
Cruisers who shoot 7km torps at enemies 17k away.....
My new Mexico has been one of my best ships, but it's boring as hell. The fuso plays more exciting. It feels like a faster reload and turret traverse. With my Mex, I push and brawl. My fuso is great for pushing too, as once your within 14km, it's accuracy is outstanding. It's real hard to say what one I think is better. My fuso has my highest damage game, my Mex has a better win rate and more consistent damage . My fuso gets more kills and occasionally gets those one man army matches where it goes full kraken. I find the nagato boring as fuck.
Problem is this game is simply not hitting the player numbers it needs. If they combined the Eu and Na servers, you would have the numbers, but otherwise, not a chance.
secret santa payouts are extremely better than normal buying.
is there a place where this is listed?
Thanks
As someone who has played a decent amount of Mexico and fuso games, the warspite has always been an easy target. It lacks the forward firepower to front gun charge, and if it tries to use its rear guns, I always punish it with the Mexico or fuso. If used properly it can be a brawling beast, but more often than not, I put it down easily. I have only ever been killed by a warspite once, and it came in to deal a 7k deathblow to my nagato as I was fighting a tirpitz and being bombed. It's not a bad ship, and it looks great...but it's not better than other ships in its tier and I find the fuso and Mexico drastically outclass it.
Mex should be fine. I kept my Mexico and fuso for ranked. As well the Murmansk is great. Myoko and York, and my nuberg will get a few games in. After that, the wica(Polish dd) Kiev, nagato, and my new north Carolina. If the tirpitz comes out, I want to get it(not just for ranked, but higher tier credit generation). I'm hoping the wica and North Carolina will be enough to get me to rank1
Well said. I admit I didn't read it all, but when your high enough to fight a lex, you should know your not helping by chasing after a cv. All your doing is being a selfish dick chasing a kill. This is a class based team game. If you don't do your job, everyone on your team gets a loss, and at that tier, it's costing people credits. If you wanna be a tool and chase cvs, play coop or training room.
All the big banks. They are fucking everyone
As it was in life. It's like bring you pet to work day... Everyone else brings cats, dogs or turtles, and Japan brings GODZILLA!
French Richelieu with quad turrets
No, but it demonstrates the ability for giant fucking shells to change direction.
Thanks, with only around 2k games, I didn't know that. :)
You mean ignorant American girls. The rest of the world isn't as narrow minded as you think.
Impressively stupid comment sir. I'm curious how you have Internet, but no knowledge of soap. The rest of the world has known how to keep clean for over a thousand years without mutilating our dicks.
Just because you are incapable of keeping yourself clean, doesnt mean the rest of the world has not....but I shouldnt bring them up, because all non-american girls have AIDs as you claim....Real shame, especially with all those platinum blonde Scandinavian women. You poor, ignorant boy.
It's still an excellent boat
Yah, haven't seen the video in a bit. Guy is still brutal. They should track damage done to team and ban accordingly. But it's not even Matt just killing players.... It's firing torps at friendly players forcing them to evade and often exposing them to the enemy.
NM, cleve and murmansk are all great for ranked
Personally I take the extra speed and faster turning of the Kiev over it anyway. The tash is a sloth
yup
Being frustrated is what ranked is all about. Otherwise they would let us use divisions. Forcing strangers to work as a team in a zero mistake match is a lesson in pain.
awesome, thanks man!
Situation depending though. I have been caught far outta position before because I'm the only one who knows there is a dd going wide
eventually you will have ships in every tree line. Go cruisers first.
I think his point is that you will see some with 1000 games experience, and some with 5 games in total. When anyone can buy their way into a tier8 ship, your going to find loads of players who are bad, exponentially more than you will with any other tier8 ship. For the most part I agree that lots of tirpitz players are terrible, more than any other t8 battleship. I am in agreement that for the most part, it's shitty players with an excellent ship. Of course there are lots of skilled players too. As for the citadel, I agree with the op. I have over 2,000 matches in this game and I can count on one hand how many citadels I have gotten on the derpitz.
Good video. After watching one of your previous atego videos I ended up purchasing it with my Santa gold. I have the myoko, but the atego is a beast. And shit, it makes silver like crazy. I haven't had a match that made less than 400,000cr From watching your video, I think I want to get the incoming fire warning perk.... Seems like a good way to protect that citadel.
Matt_the_brat anyone?
its fucking brutal. premium ships costing nearly $100
https://play.google.com/music/listen?authuser&amp;u=0#/wst/situations/L7yiwi3gananve6fa7edwil6d5m
56.41% 1 star from rank 11 been rolling bad teams. they just scatter in the wind and die. 5 games tonight, won 3, but me and my atego have been first in every single one. I can only carry a team so far. How am I getting paired with guys who have 30% winrate?
Both are great ships, but if you want the better combat vessel, the atego is your boat. Every boat can be great in the right hands. If the atego was in the tech tree, she could be a t9, at the least she is the best t8. The Russian feels to me like a mid t8 to a top t7. The Russian looks great though.
Atego The Russian is a distant second, the Atlanta shouldn't even be considered.
I carry. Nearly all the matches I am top spot, win or loose. The only time I recall not being top was one match where I got smoked early in by a friend of mine who was on the other team. I had hoped there would be a sorting system to keep shit players and good players apart. I went 3 matches last night with a Benson on my team and each time, he said straight through a, wouldn't even torp, and die without firing a shot....and yet had over 1k games.
We have a hydro grid thats hardly being used. We pay others to take our excess. cut hydro rates to everyone, and even more to businesses. Take GM in Oshawa. Offer them free Hydro for 10 years on the condition that they run that plant at full capacity and at industry standard wages. Boom! over 50,000 good job. take a grocery store for example. lets use made up numbers but lets pretend they pay $100,000 a year in hydro. Reduce that cost to $20,000 on the condition that of the $80,000 saved, they would have to put $40,000 of that saved money into employee wages or new workers....On the books they still save $40,000. It may seem like its just a circle of the same money, but our interest rates mean an overall savings and its a stronger tax pool. our hydro capacity is basically free stimulus. Instead of trying to get water from stone, use it to encourage growth. but hey, Wynne is a fucking idiot
Look at those frakin secondaries!
Wow, that's crazy
The Murmansk will get you 200-300k on average per match. The atego will get you 350-450k average per match. My atego gets me no less than 400k every round, with as high as 808,000cr
yes
If they bring out the Bismarck, they will just give it better dispersion.
Your not giving them more money. To give that raise, companies have to raise prices. Everything else inflates. What good is making twice as much if everything doubles in price. If it costs $15 to have a worker pick a bucket of apples, and suddenly you have to pay him $30 for that same bucket of apples, you have to increase the prices. So if the apple cost $1 before, now it costs $2. And your thinking "OK, so no harm, everything increases equally" but it won't. It increases exponentially. Higher tax rates. Take your burger at McDonald's. It cost $2 before, but it has to increase to cover the double wages of not only the burger flipper, but that of the cashier, cleaner, delivery driver, taxes across the board etc. That $2 burger doesn't goto $4, it ends up going to $5 or $6.....and then the system crashes. Raising the min wage hurts more than it helps.
It was a good movie, but I don't think it was anything to write home about. It was a big movie and it came out right at award time... Mad max I thought was the best movie in the past 5 years.
Kathleen Wynne Aside from destroying the Ontario economy and leading the world's largest non sovereign debt, all while being openly corrupt and under half a dozen criminal investigations.... But she is the most fucking ugly person on earth. How that wretched pig smiles as she tells millions of people that she is taking all their money makes me want to vomit. I want to punch her in the face with a train.
I know my country, Canada, will not be involved. My glorious leader will declare his allegiance to ISIS and use every dollar we have to bring every extremist to our land for a giant new years Eve party, Germany style.
I'll be stabbed by an extremist for making goat-fucking jokes about Mohammad.
Just run atego in random. without trying, I got my 150 plane kills in 3-4 days.
The ign t3 and t4 battleships offer very little experience to the game play of future battleships....nothing you won't pickup in half a dozen matches anyways. And anyone who has found this reddit has heard of angling.
There once was a game called elite that said it would have planetary landings.... And then they charged $70 for dlc. Zing
Your joke as flat as a can of rc cola that's been left open for 36hours
Movie was hot garbage with one good falcon scene.
2016 was to be when it went mainstream, but then they decided to double the cost to users and price it out of mainstream for half a decade. When vr units are costing more than a ps4, xbone and a TV combined, they are irrelevant to the success of a system.
Joke entry me 1 Joke entry you 0
I mean the movie was crap and had one good scene.
In my frozen wasteland of Canada, the base game that I purchased in beta cost me $77 and horizon cost $70. So Yah.... Over $140 for Ed for me. When it came out, horizon cost as much as a AAA title.
The Muslim invasion. And then blackness
The Big Short. Nothing worse than the truth that we are all getting fucked.
I have an 1850sq ft home in kanata Water is 120 every 2 months I think. Gas is $90 Hydro is around $200 a month.
I'm always happy to criticize my team. If they play like morons and are not told, they will never learn. I haven't played ranked in a week, but if I'm in rank 9 with over 60% win ratio, and your rank 15 with less than 30% win ratio and your charge in and die in the first 90 seconds.... I'm going to let you know how you fucked up. I may even pm you to let you know what you did wrong and suggest you remain in coop until you learn that a mahan shouldn't rush a tirpitz firing ap and not torps.
Force awakens had a shit load.
Tom is awesome. Heath studied him for his role as the joker.
Easily the worst movie I have ever seen.
Property tax increases, but utilities should be the same. Homes will use more hydro/gas depending on how old they are. My home is 6 years old so it's reasonably efficient.
Yep, and I even had to watch that 50shades movie with my wife. Even worse than the airbuddies sequels..... Worse than home alone 4
An example of a movie that knows how silly it is, and still manages to be excellent is "pain and gain". Furious 7 was a 0/10 movie. I went with a bunch of friends and I convinced them to see it instead of Chapie.... First time I stood up and booed a movie. My friends still have not forgiven me. It's a shame Paul will be remembered for it and not an actual good movie like "hours"
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/seth-abramson/40-unforgivable-plot-holes-in-star-wars-the-force-awakens_b_8850324.html http://screenrant.com/star-wars-7-force-awakens-unexplained-plot-points/ http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3374961/Oops-FARCE-Yes-love-fans-asking-ludicrous-Star-Wars-time.html
So glad our Na server has such a massive population.
And that gets u what? 20 pearls?
Iowa guns have brutal dispersion, so accuracy should always be your priority.
I heard lots of people saying "vote obama". That's pretty dumb.
Compared to other outlets that received $150,000,000 liberal raise on top of the $2,000,000,000 a year funding and ran anti-conservative ads, anti-conservative shows, refused to report on major liberal scandal until after the election, etc.
CBC gets approx $2billion a year from our taxes. Trudeau promised them $150million increase per year. CBC ran a fuckload of anti-Harper propaganda. Seriously? you don't know about the CBC liberal bias? Even your beloved Peter Mansbridge is openly Liberal...If you think that doesn't make its way into CBC programming, your outta your mind. Kathleen Wynne and Trudeau were joined at the hip, and the CBC learned of the teachers union payout scandal from the Globe a week before the election, but refused to break the story until after the election as it could harm Trudeau. Pretty sure there is.
Keep drinking your kool-aid http://news.nationalpost.com/news/canada/cbc-tries-to-hide-its-happy-face-as-liberals-and-ndp-vow-to-pump-up-funding-for-public-broadcaster http://cbcexposed.blogspot.ca/
I find it surprisingly fun boat after all the bad press leading up to it. The HE has a great, flat trajectory and really good range for its tier. Its decent for starting fires, and really good for thumping destroyers.
Motherfuckin TRUTH
That's what I though....silent when black and white facts are presented. Face it, your a sheep.
I completed the Kongo last week without trying. 150 planes just happens. Got the myoko last night. I had been running my Russian and Polish destroyers as well and working my York, the fires took me 3 days without trying. I banged out the million myoko damage in a few hours last night. Protip When you see an enemy plane or planes, press left control and use your mouse to click on the planes. This prioritizes then planes and give your AA 50% more effective AA ability. Should double the amount of planes you take down a game.
There is zero punishment for team killers and no in game managers to police this stuff. I have seen a pile of trolls in ranked. Looks like some who got tired of grinding and go in to fuck with people. FYI matt_the_brat just changed his name.
Just play the game. I never paid attention to the missions and I got both ships already just through regular play.
Well, he made a statement, basically insulting people and comparing them to cheats, then runs a high road saying he just wants to have a discussion and anyone who feels otherwise is a troll or a cheat....that and declaring anyone who likes the torp lead indicator as a shit player. Snapping at people.... Down votes for being an asshole.
The Kiev, even with the Nerf, is so fucking good. 14km range with aft, high velocity, low angle shells, 48knts with the speed flag and boost, turns on a dime. The Benson is totally op right now, but any other dd, they spot you first, so as soon as your spotted, boost and change angle. At 48knts your going to spot the other dd real quick and your guns hit like a freight train. I always go for the engines first to make the speed gap even larger. 2-3 salvos later and you have a kill and the other player is wondering what the fuck just happened. Even against USN cruisers who can fire 10 torps at you from one side, sailing in you should be able to do enough damage and turn into the torps fast enough to not get hit. At range over 10km you can snipe destroyers as their shells have 2x the hang time. You can easily beat the shit outta cruisers and battleships too. With 14km range and over 44knts, a BB is going to have a hard time hitting you. Move and shoot. Always be shooting.
Vikings Now it's a relationship drama.
Spartacus When your lead actor dies in real life, don't continue with a shit replacement.
Picked one up after seeing this thread.... Forgot how op this ship is 3 games and 14 kills...
And the room full of rational Muslims stay silent.... All 6 of them
BTW, did you hear that the mother of one of the terrorists who massacred 130 people in France is suing France for killer her son?
What do you think about his "diverse" minister of international trade saying we have to respect and support sharia law including Honor killings and female genital mutilation?
6 Canadians murdered in Islamic terrorist attacks last week and his response is to goto a Peterborough mosque and prays with them...
Having the lowest dollar in over a decade. Not to mention he will triple his promised yearly debt this year.
What about rolling out the red carpet for Muslim refugees and granting them immediate citizenship, while other refugees, form African Nations like Uganda, have to wait half a decade?
Praying at a Toronto mosque where the imam calls for death to the Jews....
Don't forget his economic plan. "the budget will balance itself" Glad that liberal art degree will help him run a nation.
Listen, America is in a bad place right now. Your front runners are absolutely brutal. But here in Canada, Trudeau is a disaster. Muslim stance aside, he economic policies are outrageous. His father was a terrible leader, and he has even less sense. Our economy is in ruin, and we survived off our oil production, but Trudeau and his liberals have canned that whole industry. His spending is exponentially higher than anyone before him.... But none of it is stimulus. Taxes are going up, debt is exploding, dollar is plummeting. As for weed... Thats someone he sold to get votes, but we won't see that for years, because like him promising to bring in 25,000 refugees before last December when we were only capable to do 1/3 of that(and even then, we have put them up in hotels because we don't have facilities to handle them), he just tosses out promises without knowing what's involved in achieving things. His 4 year plan is to run debt for the first 3 years(even though his first year will be triple what he promised) and then snap his fingers and balance the books and oat everything down magically in the 4th year. That's a liberal arts degree.... A gold spoon elitist rich kid from a rich family. 2 years ago as an MP, he only showed up for work 1/3 of the time.
Sorry to go off like that. I don't have links on me as I'm stuck shopping with wife and kids, but when I get in, I'll send u want I can. The weed thing is odd, because I agree it's an outdated law, but it's one of those laws that because it's been such a big deal for so long, tossing it is a huge deal with loads of red tape. All our provinces and territories have their own laws on it, so it needs to be negotiated with all the premiers, not to mention what do you do with all the people in prison for weed already? That's thousands of appeals and case reviews. And his plan is not for everyone to be able to grow and sell it... He wants it to be a state run business... Trudeau had said he would make it a day 1 change, but the reality is change like this takes years. The debate on the legal age for weed could take years alone. Not like that's a big deal on its own, it's the idea that he thinks he can drop in and make changes with a snap of his finger.... He has no understanding of the process. This was clear when he promised to bring in 25k Syrians in 60 days.... Not understanding that we don't have the capability to do that.... And 4 months later we are not even half of his 30 day target.... We literally have refugees in hotels.....we kicked soldiers out of barracks in December so refugee's could use them. He grated all Syrian refugees immediate permanent resident status, citizenship... But refugees from other nations have to wait half a decade. It's not fair... But it is hip and popular on social media. All while spending nothing on our homeless. Syrian refugees get a food allowance.... $63 per person, per day.... So a family of 4 gets more money than in a single day for food than I use for my family of 4 in a week. They also get full medical benefits, including eyes and dental.... I am a born Canadian and I don't get that. My kids 2, and 6 don't get half the coverage ad these refugees. He also gave our national news corporation $150million.... So nothing but pro Trudeau news...
Yah, I'm hoping so. Our province on the other hand got butchered by a liberal government and even in the face of a dozen scandals, we still elected the offenders for a sweeping majority.
No one gives a shit about up or down votes
Passion of the christ
This is how ranked works. Same as last season. Tier 5-6 then higher rank gets 7-8. It's no secret, nor should it be a surprise.
I think rank 15-1 was tier 7-8. So you just missed it. I'm confused. If you used a t6 last season, and 2.months later used a t6 from rank 22-14 this season, how do you not have a t7-8 by now? Cleveland to Pensacola should take less than 40 matches.
Each pimple is the soul of a rude child.
range. Crank out those citadels pretend you dont have a rear turret. pick a target sailing boradside and push
The Na server runs less than 15k players on average. Even if you only had half a dozen on at once, it's better than nothing. Back in navy field, there was only a few game managers at any time, but it helped. The system right now has nothing.
Lots of games do it.
Pretend the Kiev doesn't have torps.
Wow. As someone with a speedy machine and raid ssd drives, this extends my wait.... But may cut down in afk.... So torn
Yah, usually when it's odd numbers of classes, a skilled player can sometimes overcome and in 2v3 BB match the team with fewer BB and an extra dd, but this match there was nothing to counter the amagi. It stays in the open with a mogami preventing our destroyers from getting near, and we don't have anything that can hit the amagi.... If it balanced the mogami on our side, it may be able to land some hits and rum before the amagi could engage, but with all our ships having sub 16km range, the amagi was untouchable. Needless to say, the match was a disaster. We tried to use the islands as cover and stealth while they took the objective in the open... Our Pensacola decided to charge the amagi like a retard and was erased before 90 seconds had passed. The rest of us got cut apart in the islands using their destroyers to spot and the amagi to delete us from range. I'm a good player, I carry all the time and am always first or second in the match, and usually when I see mismatches I can often overcome.... But this was a nowin scenario.
At the end of the war, we had the 3rd largest navy. By numbers of course, and most were small ships and support craft
Snipe people all the time. Sink ships, win games. Your one of those fools who charges in and dies all the time?
Originally I was annoyed that I couldn't progress project R in ranked, but then ranked was such a frustration that it's nice to have an objective in random. Still, the R stuff takes very little time.
And in doing so, your the bigger problem and playing in violation of the rules. "I demand everyone plays how I want, and anyone who doesn't, I will break the rules and kill them". You sound like a 14 year old kid. Perhaps you should play something more to your maturity level.... Like call of duty
And yet here we are, you having a fit threatening to break the games rules if everyone else doesn't do what you want. Do you want some special treatment because of your history? Are you superior to everyone else? The rules don't apply to you? You should be able to control how everyone else chooses to play the game?
Wow, not like wargaming to do actually notice, less address a problem.
Replay helps for sure, but I have had success. I was in a ranked battle and our tirpitz started firing torps at friendlies. Didn't sink any but damaged 4 ships. I took a dozen screens and it was enough.
If your playing hide and seek or eating sand under the play structure, then when do you find to do all this teamkilling you claim to do? Battleships in front of the cruisers? That's fucking stupid.
Its all fucked up tonight. Been playing for quite some time now, but I have never seen random where my T6 is being put in T10 matches before.
I agree, but as much as those posts don't add anything, they don't really take anything away, and unless reddit is running out of Internet, and the karma and up/down voting systems are broken, all we are doing is micromanaging a very small subreddit.
