Hi! Could you help me with SOE EE this weekend? Im 260 Prestige Master and have completed all other EE's. Im from Finland but I can speak good English and I know how the EE is done.
Yes. When you complete the Fly trap and obtain Annihalitor, you get text "Paradoxical Prologue" and 1000 xp. Plus the Gateworm.
I was so bummed when I realized there is not a Zombie Dark Matter camo... Would've been nice reward after max leveling Pharo
Kt-4 ks horrible in my oppinion, rate it something like 3 out of 10. Masamune in the other hand is pretty good and it kills zombies pretty nicely, 7 out of 10.
Really. I've heard some theories about extra hour of 31st, wich means that one extra hour would be 32nd. After that hour it would be 1st of November. Where I came from, there is deffinetly not that kind of system, but I dont know about America or other countries.
If I'm not wrong, Avanged Sevenfolds "Nightmare" could be found in Moon. And Call of the Dead featured "Not Ready to Die"
I hope this doesnt happen. The Civil Protector at SoE is enough pain for being stupid time to time.
I hate the fact that you cant do SoE EE solo. Never finding decent group of player.
I found three morse code chipper behind links. Also cracked them. Surely someone else has done it also, right?
PS4 Black Ops 3 Shadows of Evil Easter egg. Mic of course. Im from Finland but I can speak good English! Add mthrs on PSN and lets get that baby done! And I have done all other EEs solo so my playing skills shouldnt be a problem. Ps. Im willing to help peoples who struggle ZNS and DE Main EE's
SoE EE, PS4 now! Anyone? Add mthrs and lets play :)
Temporal Gift. And I finally found use for Secret Shopper. In Giant, if you camp the catwalk and have drakon, it makes map super easy. Just throw monkey, get KN wall buy and you'll be fully loaded. Easy 50+ rounds.
I think that is exactly what they're doing :D After all the PaPd Apothican Servant is beast and It would be sweet if it would require some skill to get it.
Oh no, ability to Pap Servant just for bonus!
Just make a hidden location somewhere in the map, no loading needed.
Yeeeah... So if you dont have Giant, you cant do the DLC 4?
Totally agree. I've been at 94% like three months. All though, hardly even play MP anymore.
If you struggle in boss fight, use Head Drama.
Got TranZit calling Card from the only one I opened.
How you can spent that amount of time? :o My Highest round is 74 in ZNS. 1h 45min to setup, got round 31 and win boss fight. Then from round 31 to round 74 took little under 3 hours.
Origins, MotD, Kino (Something easy and fun) and maybe Nuketown or Verruckt for intense Zombies.
Der Eisendrache deffinetly. ZNS is fun, but takes ages to set up for. And if you have few extra bucks, I also recommend to buy The Giant also.
I think DLC 4 will start in woods and end some epic place.
Death Ray and shoot the living hell out of him with Drakon, Brecci, Haymaker or KRM.
Even Tranzit would be good deal for 6 dollas :D
You got more Perkaholics with one spin that I have on inventory..
About 8 and half hours. 12 Diviniums tho! :)
81 Aftertastes and 78 Pop Shocks
My strategy: Completed the EE for all perks. After that I grew two Imprints wich another one I used right away ofc. Ny gobblegums were Cache Back, Alchemical Antihesis, Dead Of Nuclear Winter, Fatal Contraption (I realized mid game, that this was a mistake) and Anywhere but Here (EE purpose only). Even when I had all perks I would leave one gun in the Pack A Punch, I used KN-44 with Dead Wire and Masamune. I camped the Boss Fight hall way as long as I could (20-75 Rounds all the way basicly). After those rounds Masamunes ammo capacity wasnt enough and Nan Sapwe was getting also empty. So I used shit loads of traps and train Zombies pretty much every part of the map and let Dead Wire do the trick :)
That many Cache Backs :o Damn boy of I could buy those from you I would!
On BO2 Mob of the Dead is my favorite. Burried is huge pain in the ass even with good team. In Black Ops 3 I only hate one EE beside Giant (duh) and that is Shadows of Evil. Dont get me wrong, I enjoy the steps, but Im bummed that you cant do it solo..
Knights room from those two. I would recommend that Lauching Pad over the Double Tap. Easy getaway if Panzer gets you off guard.
https://youtu.be/tpNKzFAIum4 From round 81 to the end :)
https://youtu.be/tpNKzFAIum4 From 81 to 94 :) Can catch my strategy pretty well.
Still not worth carrying around for 7 rounds to get one panzer kill..
Imprints.
There is always an easy way to kill Margawa/Panzer/Trasher.
Five hours? And just got a bow. Man, just restart. And the main thing: What the damn hell?
It would make DE boss fight sooooo much harder for some peoples.
Sheiva with all attachments and Double Tap is insanely good!
Lucky you. Dodged that mule kick.
No. Nothing special happens.
He says that also in consoles.
Ultimate camping spot
No one uses Ray Gun anymore..
The first one will dissapear if you Imprint yourself twice.
Lets face it, Perkaholic is good when new maps come out, easier to get used to. But in DE you dont need to use perkaholic. Jugg, Double Tap, Speed Cola and Widows wine really is all you need.
You know whats even harder? Trying to get Widows Wine from Wunderfizz.
I tried that once, zombies dont move but neither does the Shadowman.
That is what happens if I remember it correctly. It is a while back so I may remember it wrong.
Chiper. "My name is my name. My name? Oh, yes, it is Gersh. How long have I been floating? Minutes? Years? Where is now? I guess I can forgive Yuri. I quite like my new form. Hmmm, where am I now. A city on fire by a river. I know this place. Finally, I am home."
HG40 wonder weapon? Yeah, what ever you say.
How did you strugle with Dredge or Gorgon is the real question.
I love them all so far. But Der Eisendrache takes top place for now beacuse of the awesome Main Easter Egg I found fun to do every time.
These look insane!
Origins, Mob of the Dead for sure! Maybe Kino Der Toten for easy games. And Nuketown/Verruckt/Five for harderd and more intense Zombie exprience.
Sorry for ruining your day, but Level 200 are Power-Ups. Level 500(?) opens some perk icons.
I deffinetly would. But I think Treyarch wouldnt add this kind of feature to the game.
Yes you can. Aim assist and Target assist.
This is little bit off topic, but levels dont always tell the truth about players ability. I have met 1st prestige dudes who play like RelaxingEnd and Prestige Masters who play like Owen..
Pretty much everyone knows about this. And you dont have to press any button(s). Money just comes back on your account like you grabbed a Carpenter.
It would be fun if Kino Der Toten and Ascesion made a comeback.
Currently using Dead Wire. Im waiting towards to level 500 to obtain some sweet perk icons.
You just learn so much new things and you remember those little details much better in my oppinion!
Yea. Last two arrows/AS shot/Masamune burst, you pop AA and boom, max ammo instantly.
If you are playing solo I belive its gonna spawn only 1 Margawa
Milo, NoahJ, RelaxingEnd, SmithPlays and Nixaru (Showdowns).
On the other hand, Call Of the Dead was all about melee.
Yeah. It bums me that there arent any normal pistols beside MR6 and Bloodhound. Black Ops 1 had Pynthon, CZ75 (+Dual) and the starting pistol. And Black ops 2 had Five-Seven (+Dual), Pynthon and Excutioner.
Mmmh... Party thread.
I talex the word normal. Full automatic pistol with a 20 round mag? Thats a freakin SMG :D And for the same reason I did not mention Kap-40 or B323R etc.
Thanks for mentioning! Looks sweet, nice job!
You dashboarded. Just end the game and loose the GG's you used. You'll always get new ones.
That water thing was amazing!
Deffinetly new glitch. I have done DE main easter egg countless times since relased and almost always used Head Drama, deffinetly didnt work that good.
3 Revives and rest are from Civil Protector
I have made a post for the odds, check my posts and you'll find it.
Wow. Harder than I though... I would say Call Of The Dead. But either one you pick, you wont be dissapointed.
Nice! Nothing useless really.
Basicly just High Rounds. Map doesnt matter, tactic doesnt matter. Just go as high round as you can. The longer you go, more xp you'll get.
The trap doesnt kill zombies in High Rounds. And I always choose Widows Wine over Speed Cola.
Your controller is broken. I had these same problems while back, bought a new controller, problem solved.
I know it doesnt appear on Giant, but I remember getting it on Shadows of Evil.
Stairs in clock tower. Rounds will fly by.
I really hope they add all four in every map as a box weapon. And of course in the Weapon kits. Marshall duals with Fast Mags? Rest in peaces Zombies.
So was he.
So Death and Taxes would have double explosion?
Mmm... The levitation is already in cutscene.
And easily breakable.
DLC: Not gonna throw any guess, but it starts with N.
Fire shield doesnt seem right... In my opinnion it looks something like acid or Nova 6 Gas.
"PPSH aint coming back. No there will not be new Ray Gun" - Look what happened...
They should add them all in Weapon Kits. Everything from Bootleger to PPSH.
Literally every sceptic person ever.
Mmmm..? Far, Close?
What is the odd thing?
Sheiva is awesome. I choose it over RK5 10 out of 3 times.
With his seven wifes and numerous kids.
2 weeks aint that long.
I think he is dragon.
Something that starts with D (again) or N. So the DLC packs would spell out DEAD or A END.
Really? I mean REALLY?
With those avg. rounds, I cant say Im suprised. No mean to offend anyone!
Camping at boss fight hallway and everytime I run out of ammo (every round after 80) I just train Zombies all over the map and used Traps and KN-44 with Dead Wire to kill them.
Personal Best.
With 😂-emoji on his Twitter, I really belive he is joking.
Zoom in and you can regonise Pack A Punch machine.
Downvoted for helping? Okay.
And his weak foot doesnt feel like 3*. He can easily bang one in with left foot. I didnt like Griezmann, I prefer Benzema more.
That was awful defending.
Awesome. I used his inform before gettin that SBC. Little over 1 goal contribution/game.
With Shadow? Yeah, easily.
He did.
Im dad, my son is 10 months. At week I play after he goes to sleep. So I play about 3 hours a day. At weekends with WL being on, I play while he takes naps (usually 1 hour - 2 hours) so it makes possible to play about five games during that time. And again, when night arrives and he sleeps. I play about 10 games. This weekend I played 15 games on friday and 14 on saturday. Today I've played 5 games and have six remaining, so I have no problem finishing my games. But if I win 3 matches ( Gold 1) with games remaining I wont finish them.
Servers are fine like always. I've won 22 games, 6 left to play. Hopefully I finish at Gold 1.
Deffinetly Rakitic. Set piece god with good shooting.
Trippier and Milner. Really wanted Willian.
Where are you from and how fast is your internet connection?
I belived that way also. Then I slapped Shadow on my SBC Kurzawa to replace Anchor and he was so much faster.
Sometimes games show assist even the player didnt get one. I've seen my players to get assist on penalty goal. Often the Player Ratings shows assists wrong, if you do a rebound goal.
The only time you get better opponent is in Final. I cant imagine losing before that.
Oh, I thought regionals. /s
Leave emojis to Instagram.
Sbc Lacazette and best super sub ever: IF Carrasco.
Thats commitment!
It wont.
I used Kurzawa with anchor and he gets outrunned against pacy wingers very easily. I now use him with shadow and couldnt be more happier with it.
Try his Totgs card. Best CB in the game.
Both were your fault.
No Im not. World Record in CotD is 84 or something similar.
A) PhD would be useless imo. B) Blundell said he dont want to bring Grief back because he thought it was un-finished game mode. C) Devs arent assholes.
Yep! I hope they would've made Panzers more challenging tho.
He wont make it to my bench either.
Its 2017 and people still cant; A) Use screen capture B) Take a photo straight.
Everything is found in a code.
I loved Rakitic. Still sad that I couldnt fit him in my current team.
Hmm.. Interesting. Maybe its region thing?
Why everybody is hyped over Musa? Yes he is fast, but he is soooo weak. If you shoot a ball at him, he will most likely die.
Same. Yesterday I watched YouTubers first playthroughs on SoE and Giant. Good times.
Too much trouble to get it. Easier to just use Head Drama.
As long as the game is enjoyable, I really dont care what players they use.
He will drop more. I think he will be around 2-2,5k after weekend.
IF would be good, but he is still a mile behind his SBC.
Play games. Dont sim them.
Elo ranking = Skill Points....
Wait untill you are picked in Starting 11 and play the game(s).
13 minutes more = 11:59:35. That would've been perfect.
Yeah! Played 14 games with him, scored 16 and assisted 8. Solid card.
Thats just completly different thing.
Özil, Mahrez + multiple 83-84's. Did about 25 of them.
You can set it on from the same place you hide user name and replace that with players name.
Someone didnt get anything from 20k Fifa points?
Most likely yes. Unless regular/Movember Ibra goes extinct.
Switch Ben Yeder and Vietto around. Left side La Liga, right side Calcio A. Problem solved.
Alaba aint shit tho.
Because Ea Access.
Not that delay. The delay that loads the walk out animation.
No. When you open the pack and it shows the stadium, it you watch the stadium for 2-3seconds you know its a walkout.
With Shadow he is good.
Of course the game doesnt play the same every game. Why? Maybe because you are still wiping tears from not qualifying again and you make stupid mistakes and you are against player who plays different style of football or is juts better than you.
He is useless. I cant understand people who use him in WL. Super easy to defend against.
He's good but Rakitic was better for me.
Of course he can. And will.
Depends what kind of card he gets. But prpbably 30-45k.
....
Winter upgrade is the answer.
Yeah, during Toty people opened like million packs.
Same thing for me. I purchased Ben Afra and now I cant let him go. I even opened two 125k pack with coins, one of them I get Pogba. I sold him, I like Ben Afra too much...
What?
Flare? Neither have I. Only noticed it now.
Nope. Gold 1 is the first that gives you an 100k pack(s).
Probably around TOTS to be honest.. Cant see them giving you an 93 (atleast) rated Higuain at this point of the season.
Not with that attitude.
Yes.
Ben Yedder did better than Griez. And Im quite happy about it considering I got coins back from Griez and Ben Yedder is untradeble.
:DDDDDD Sure thing chief!
New one. Edit: Just search for IF that has never gotten IF before and see when hes been listed.
He ment the squad in total. Not one player.
I got Alonso and Arnautovic. Not too dissapointed.
He is so going to hack your account.
Barney supposed to see this.
What about those four people who got round 255 in 2 and Half hour? They had over 200 Round Robbins. And now a WR.
Wtf are you trying to say?
No.
Sure.
Sorry, I was joking. I dont even have 670+k :(
I use Koscielny and IF Thiago Silva, solid duo. Lloris in goal.
"JUST. LIKE. THAT!"
They were. PSG didnt want to loan him.
SBC Lacazette. Also 7 chem IF Carrasco was superb!
I would say buy a new LB. Zero links for Kurzawa.
Koscielny.
Tremolinas -&gt; Alba
Toulouse LB is 18k instasold. Because he is extinct. And CB's/RB are 14-18 each. So 66k only for defenders.
Same problem as Ben Afra. Only If they could have 90+ stamina..
You are right. But Xhakas red card wasnt deserved. Imo.
Win and clean sheet can could be enough. I havent noticed much defenders stand out performances this weekend. Except Ramos.
Try him out :) Or cheap option: Navas.
Why would you sell player that plays in 5 minutes?
That Cech.
