Do this for yourself. Then teach your kids to do this for themselves.
So
A needle pulling thread.
I think that archeologists in the future will know how to click the link and read.
Not too many beaches here. ;)
While the statement is not incorrect, it is misleading by implying that it is unique to bald eagles. Other birds do this too.
Hippocryt - you voted for Obama without seeing his ;)
Just a little more patience is required
I believe that in winter months ceiling fans should spin one way, and in summer months the other way around. In the southern hemisphere it's just the opposite.
Just be certain to use the correct amount of spice - it can be lethal when done incorrectly.
Was subtly implying that you change the direction in winter months, but winter is in different months depending on your hemisphere.
Thanks for pointing that out /s
Photographer - insisted nobody else takes ANY pictures during the ceremony, including pointing fingers in guests faces to get them to stop.
I'm trying to make a reasonable decision about this topic, but I can't help wondering how many lobbyists are posting in this thread (and do I trust their statements to help guide my opinion?)
Nothing. Doing something to make you feel cool is a false sense of coolness - it's an attempt to fit in. Be who you are, respect yourself, and if others don't accept you that way, then find new friends.
Difficult to get born this way.
To fit into my skinny jeans.
&gt; cougars You talking about his wife?
It's so hot.!
Bowel
Now I have another reason to travel across the pond.
You out there feeding Ogopogo?
Cats in the cradle - Harry Chapin
Great igredients.
Regularly. Dreams are a time travel mechanism - pay attention to them so you can be adequately prepared. Distinguishing time travel dreams from the soap operas and cartoons is the real challenge. Edit: how else do you explain deja vu?
PSA - should be done by OP
I started reading that on a recent south west flight (free to read from their in flight library over wifi). Very interesting book, about to get that from my local library.
Tallahassee
Nice, his website still says 145. "Homes for the Holidays (HFTH) has made homeownership more affordable for 145 single parents and over 380 dependents since 1997."
Wonderful!
If Cozumel is your port please be aware that you'll need to take a ferry to the mainland and back. If your tour gets delayed for whatever reason and you don't get back on time, on a private tour there is a great risk of getting left behind by the cruise line. There was a recent nightmare of a story on here by a couple of what it ended up costing them. It's a gamble. Edit: link: https://m.reddit.com/r/Cruise/comments/3vsy9u/cruise_left_without_us_we_did_everything_we_could/
That's in poor taste.
Well done
Call Jack Bauer and tell him, "they are at it again"
Consistency in discipline and rewards. Edit: note that this helps to raise good children, but not so good adults.
CAG picked up ref whistle - really loud.
Reply, thanks, I don't do chemistry anymore (obviously, maybe this is why)
The wide ones are more widely used (like your mother).
Just as long as you know the real word is plumbum.
You have a fixation. At least it's hard as rock.
No, bulldogs get cuter when they are angry. Definitely bulldogs here.
100 pennies. Edit: (USA) but you need to buy them at a place that deals in bulk.
Say nothing, only do this: https://33.media.tumblr.com/068a1bfef9307bf0f4a2b9e427783c9b/tumblr_inline_n39bvlQ8fu1sy58sb.gif
I don't know for certain, but I think you are asking the wrong crowd if they've heard of reddit or not.
Get out of the house and get some excercise.
By caring about the customer, and looking at the job function from the manager's and owner's perspective.
By running it through the card reader.
Popcorn, reheat, and hot pocket (because hot pockets are NEVER the right temperature for me)
Then stop reading it. You must be in the market of giving advice - the truth hurts.
The window treatment industry. You know, blinds, curtains, and shades.
Nobody will be sorting his tattoo. However, I do agree with you in the use of that date format when coding.
Thank you - I couldn't tell much from that psychedelic cartoon.
Alrighty then.
I didn't recognize your number. Next time let me know who you are (especially if you have a new phone that won't be in my contacts)
Sushi.
Thanks for the genuine show of sympathy.
I think they get a day at sea, and they get to keep their lives. Edit: I would hope they get refunded the port fees that weren't used.
Christians have the same challenge. Unfortunately wherever you have people you also have orifices.
Just not everyday. Once is enough.
I could be motivated to stop saying that. Tell you what ... on my next one I won't say it. I could even be motivated to edit this one out.
I know nothing. Just leaving room for the unknown.
I understand you may not be near a computer to google, or have a smart phone with search capabilities, so I'll leave you with this: http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=crackalackin Click that link when you get connected to the internet.
2:30 am telephone call, from Hillary Clinton, a campaign call 4 years ago, which was sped up so that it wouldn't take a long. She sounded almost like Minnie Mouse. But a phone call at that time of day - the mind always thinks the worst news.
Not without having booked a cabin.
Something is wrong with your sofa. Where are all the beak prints?
She stepped on a crack. Edit: Yes, I do realize there is a slope there causing her ankle to turn.
So then we have a solution - domesticate them ALL and put them in cages, that'll show them (sarcasm)
Some people are going to have a really hard time with this (understatement)
You must be looking for people to say "Reddit"
That brings tears to my eyes.
I think it would be bloody good for all the narcissists to know that "hardly anybody is thinking of you except YOU." Everyone else has more important things to think about.
Or sentences that start with "So."
Our avian vet told us if our birds ever do that to get them to her asap so she can give a shot of calcium supplements. Apparently most bird diets (we do mostly pellets) are not high enough and it could lead to complications.
Oh, I know. Lots of great communities near there that are more affordable. No way I'd consider buying a house in Boulder. The weather and outdoor activities there are amazing (even in winter).
I hope she shaved too.
Yeah, take your elephant for a walk around the neighborhood, and push a wheelbarrow and carry a shovel to clean up. No thanks. You know that sometimes they through poop with their trunks, right? I ain't cleaning up after a pet like that, or load it up in the car to take it to the vet, to be neutered or for shots. And no way to go on vacation, because who can you get to care for your friend while you're out? Cute idea, but not for me. I'm sure my wife would be first in line to get one though.
Exactly. His computer listens and he basically said "file, new universe, defined the array sizes, and started drawing things"
He was male because he had a choice - He didn't want to deal with menstrual cycles, or menapause. Really, if you had a choice wouldn't you want to pee standing up?
LED or incandescent?
Well it ticked my grandfather off to go liberate France while his french buddies sat at home. I had no idea the French hated their french motherland so much. Thanks for clarifying.
An almost empty roll of toilet paper.
They are as capable of opening my mail as I am.
K Edit: I didn't see the "r" in your name until after I posted (morning eyes)
There's a picture of one being made here: http://m.imgur.com/gallery/ddD35/new
I believe you can get 20-25 mbps from centurylink througn nettally. They are great to deal with. Don't expect much of an upload speed from DSL though, but perhaps you won't need that. Not many choices here. I used nettally for 15 years. Happy happy happy. Switched to comcast last month. Already had 6 outages and have talked to staff more times than I talked to nettally in 5 years time.
Don't forget to add an IOmega zipdisk drive.
https://news.google.com/newspapers?nid=1350&amp;dat=19620312&amp;id=hcROAAAAIBAJ&amp;sjid=MAEEAAAAIBAJ&amp;pg=2107,1378853&amp;hl=en
I'm glad you clarified that - when I read the title I thought you wanted to listen to a book that was different from the one you were reading.
... and I often get my apostrophes correct too!
As a Canadian, I'm sorry for the excessive apologies in this thread.
It's also used for Mickey mouse cartoons.
No, Jews use piglets. Southern Baptists usually use fried chicken, Roman catholics do fish, and Hindi throw cows. Raw chicken is Anglican.
2 : Bert and Ernie
Good timing
Examine the code in the clock app, because it has a bug. Edit: if it turns out to be a feature then find a way to exploit it
"You deserve a break today" is not a slogun from Hardee's or Carl's.
Great hang time
The DNC did more damage to the election and democracy than Russia.
That's some fast mud slingin'
That's great, my birds don't let me put hats on them. Not even with MS Paint.
Well, your team lost, so we don't really expect you to be extatic.
I'll take "Gay Bars in Orlando" for $1000, Alex.
Yeah, it seems that the fans sit so much farther away. I hope they don't charge the same crazy rates to sit outside in another county.
In a teenage son's special sock.
... but do Canadians have a 4th of July?
TIL dogs got thumbs
Me either, the strings are too close together for my fat fingers.
Why would you want 2 rows of teeth? Or maybe you didn't take care of your grown up teeth, like a grown up should?
Don't ruin my memory of this - I'm definitely not going back.
When this is answered I'd like for someone to comment on the differences between the middle class and the working class. From my perspective it's the working class where these troubles are occurring.
Looks like a Mercury capsule. http://historicspacecraft.com/Photos/Spacecraft/Mercury_MA7_CMSI_RK_2008_1.jpg
He might be bald already
I did not see it either, but it doesn't mean s/he has hair.
So if cats are already there, then why is the internet needed? (The internet is mainly a cat picture delivery service)
That would be one radioactive banana! It might turn into a superhero.
I don't recall saying they weren't radioactive. You should get off reddit and get some sleep.
LOL. Being in IT I know what that sub is all about, and quite enjoy it, but would never mention the name to a non redditor.
How's he tie that rag on?
That is NOT the stairway to heaven!
People and chimps can learn things to apear to be civilized, but sometimes you just never know when they're going to do something unexpected.
Just what I need - more appliances that refuse to let me use them because they are busy getting security updates. Or popup advertisements when all I really need is my toast to pop up.
... and a smile
I like the way your clothes hang from your shoulders. Edit: I see the shadow of your head, you have really broad shoulders.
Make it optional, I really don't want to know how much of my life is here.
It would certainly give new meaning to "bags under your eyes"
Laying down on the job
How about the mule train to the floor of the grand canyon? http://insider.si.edu/2016/08/grand-canyon-u-s-postal-service-still-delivers-mail-mule/
Does that start WWIII?
Hillary didn't win it either. Edit: she old, but not that old
An elephant never forgets (the smell, looks, or sounds of a Maasai man with a spear).
David Suzuki once proposed a finger above the upper lip to make it easier to pick your nose.
Q. What's brown and fast? A. Ussain Bolt Edit: yeah, I screwed that one up
We ARE taking about Alaska. This isn't out of the ordinary for places that far north. Where I grew up schools were still open at 40 below, your bus not be running that day, but school was open.
Shirt, sweater, good coat, hat, gloves. Edit: pants of some sort, definitely need to wear them. Jeans are usually just fine, long underwear if it's early in the season and aren't used to the cold yet (or you have on your skinny jeans)
That sounds wonderful. Good solution.
Care Bears in Space
BUC-EE's!!!! I have heard so much but not been to Texas to enjoy yet.
That must be what we sound like to them. Blah blah blah blah blah.
Get out of my office.
Contact the buyer, ask them to pay the bill and sign the document, or you report your property stolen.
I had hoped there was a direct link to the chart.
This pops up every so often and I believe the concensus is this image is shopped to enhance the colors. Edit: 2 years ago the following was posted (still haven't learned how to post links to comments of other threads): An unedited version for those wondering http://s.imwx.com/dru/2013/07/729dfde9-ac05-4efa-a760-f3e454a1a0ef_650x366.jpg
I think you are a despicable product of your dysfunctional despicable family.
About half of us are. The other half are so confused they have to ask complete strangers on the internet about everything.
Some would rather not go to work when they are hoping to sit at home and have the government give them a living wage.
I came here to say that quote. It is so true and I've seen it time and time again. Managers should be getting rid of the people who under perform, but guess what ... that means more work for the manager (to get rid of someone).
[The argument clinic](https://youtu.be/kQFKtI6gn9Y)
A common approach is called Reverse Polish Notation [RPN](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reverse_Polish_notation)
And ... What does NASA stand for? Need Another Seven Astronauts
Awesome. For me this is still urban legend. How can I say "a stranger on the internet had a sister who says it's real"? But I still upvote you. :)
"What are you going to tell your dad?"
Rain tracks
Sarcasm is lost on both of you. Hair is one of the traits of mammals, of which birds are not. It does not mean that baby birds are not hairless though.
Why not both?
You neglected to mention that dinosaurs are extinct.
Disappointed in gif motion. net - I didn't detect any motion (I know that gif doesn't imply motion, but the site name kind of did).
Refrain from playing the "this little piggy" game.
The point of taxes is for all to fund the government, not "please find someone who can use the money I worked so hard for."
Maybe the early 1400s.
Diseases can transmit between birds and humans. Some are fatal to each other. In addition, there are 2 broad categories of bacteria: gram-positive and gram-negative. Humans typically have immune responses to both g+ &amp; g- bacteria. Most birds (I think except vultures) can only deal with one kind of bacteria (I don't recall if it's g+ or g-, sorry, programmer here, not avian vet). This is one reason why you should never give your bird any food which has been in your mouth. You can protect her by washing before handling her. Also, moisturize. Cracks in our skin can harbor bacteria and present opportunities to infect.
Thanks for the bright idea, will edit to clarify.
Are you feeling down, dude? Come eat our comfort food.
Just go find a crime you can't quite pull off.
Can you imagine guards stepping on a d4? Edit: worse than Legos
Nah, he's just giving you the stink eye.
Upvoted because you're in Dallas and spell color (American spelling) with a "u."
Good use of this meme!!!
I see an alien about to take a whiz.
He's okay, nothing to see here, back to sleep.
He believes he can soar
If that doesn't work then try defrosting in the microwave.
BHO was half white
From anti-gun but peace loving Americans?
Can you tell me what is so itchy in my left ear? Edit: Like, if it's a bug then tell me and we'll go to the doctor, but if it's wax tell me where to twist the q-tip so I stop jamming your head in there.
If you are having trouble notifying the customer that you're not entering the yard, please send him a letter.
Is the garage door reinforced?
Time for that "hot tub in garage" project ;)
Anyone want to comment on what is actually going on at this time? Is the national anthem playing?
I can't tell if they're dangling or if this is just a civilians attempt at attention. Edit: and by "civilian" I mean someone who's not been trained by the military. I recognize that the commander in chief might not be civilian.
Are they only on the ridges of the fingertip? Or is that just where the light catches the sweat best?
Ruffles got ridges. TIL Ruffles have fingers.
Let her out of the bag and she ends up a basket case.
He's evolving into an electric eel
At birth, water accounts for approximately 80 percent of an infant’s body weight. Skin is 64% water. Thanks for subscribing to water facts. 71% of the Earth's surface is water. The total amount of water on the earth is about 326 million cubic miles of water A gallon of water weighs 8.34 pounds; a cubic foot of water weighs 62.4 pounds. An inch of water covering one acre (27,154 gallons) weighs 113 tons.
Okay, you just woke up - does that mean you wouldn't have voted for Hillary if you had it all over to do again?
Do you know if they have small scraps too? (Like 1"x1")
Since the claim is "I was born this way", from an evolution perspective your stance is logical and best for the survival of the species.
Just like the actors Soros hired for the riots.
Distract &amp; Deceive.
This was tongue in cheek, and I'm not saying I believe any of these sources, but a quick google search turned up these and many more: http://thefreethoughtproject.com/soros-funding-hiring-anti-trump-protesters/ http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2016/11/heres-proof-soros-money-funding-anti-trump-leftist-protest-riots/ http://truthfeed.com/breaking-bitter-soros-hiring-team-of-full-time-anti-trump-rioters-to-wreak-havok-in-america/35093/ With so much misinformation out there, who really knows what to believe. We're inclined to believe what we want to, and discount those we don't like for whatever reason.
For that, you deserve a good paddling.
Sorry, as a mathematician and programmer I live in parentheses.
It's okay because I wear a bandana on my bald head.
Thanks for your thoughtful reply. I'll have to review it more closely to learn what you are saying when I have a little more time. Edit: not sure why you're getting downvoted, not from me. Just want to understand more fully.
I don't think this was originally a programmer humor joke, but you managed to turn it that way.
Fri 1/27 Goodwood Plantation Pigmania [Pigmania 2017 Tickets, 6pm](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.eventbrite.com/e/pigmania-2017-tickets-30405143603/amp)
Is that one band, or two?
Can they also help with net neutrality?
Yes. I've seen an attendant get raked over the coals by a customer who couldn't manage the gas pump by himself. Some people suck.
Some say it's still going up.
