OVO 12s are coming out this summer lol
does Mango have an Ali? How to cop bro?
but dont get the turtle doves... i would stick with the Tans or the PBs cos u wont get called out for the pattern (the biggest flaw w/the 70$ yeezys)
YES GUCCI GOGGLES I WOULD COP! Make em affordable and qualiT
thats a different wallet than what this guy is looking for ^^
Just ordered the French blues from him, but I didn't wait for him to update the price on the shoes (should be 80 I copped for 50 and DHL for 10) should I be worried
I was thinking about getting moonrocks also, but im leaning towards tans cos the pattern is less visible. and the sole of the Moonrocks supposedly has a greenish tint or something along those lines. I would play it safe and cop the PB or OT
those DS bro?
from where did you cop them and what are the flaws on the shoes??
honestly thats the whole rep game in a nutshell... the chinese fam can eazily make perfect fakes but why when there are hypebeasts buying ish for 10x retail
yes!!! espeically with UNHS not being gucci rn... Ali bape hoodies also ples
does he got a size 12??
try adding water to the MTN dew and dilute the amount u drink eventually u wont like the taste
I actually dont know, but when i asked if they have the "nips"/dots he seemed to know what i was talking about and linked me to his yupoo, and he apprently does have size 11.5 (EU 46) in certain styles so that would fit me (a US 12)
DAMN. Probs only in fucking california sounds lit tho 16 mins of glory
shit... never lucky willing to sell the jersey
because i have seen bapemen's store for a while now and remember it had a lot of pages lol
nice fam wish i could find a size 12
ill buy it for 10$
sorry fam... theres not even TTS XL out... btw if ur only 148 lbs theres no way u wear XXL fam... im 5 11 and like 200 and wear an L-XL
oh lol good!!! i think it looks good... champion reps usually arent hard to get right but this is the first batch so lets see
could u remove that real quik? then its all gucci
YES THIS IS HEAT
they high key on the come up damn
i wanna c dis
i have size 15 retail nmds ill sell to u for cheap
how do i fix it? i assumed thats what it was BUT didn't know how to fix it :(
yeah ik just used to seeing overpriced shit out here nice to see semi-affordable ;) (CHEAP ASS SPEAKING BTW)
oh lmao good point ;)
any pics fam?
AY I WAS BORN IN TEXAS YEET
how much were those?
Nope. It has flaws. But is the only batch u can get so scoop it from tao instead it's like 300Y=45$ roughly so u tag that in a haul and u good. But winter is almost over Btw peep search bar for what the flaws r... I forgot but they r minor is what I remember. Jacket still fresh as fuck
Please do god bless
45 is us 11 bro. Ik bc 46 is sz 12
Yeah they go of EU bro. 45=qq
Doesn't actually exist and is V cheap do not cop
They releasing GR soon tho
Not anymore decided I liked em too much...
God bless u just no size 12 ;(
Found this a while back was gonna cop but messaged seller and they sold out :((( maybe they back in stock tho
Any bapestas in a 12 plsss
Any kkth tbh such a clean brand
What bigger sizes?? 12?!
That's what I was sad about :(( please try and find size 12... Want more ultra boost in size 12 please bro
They coming out GR soon that's why reps r being made lmao
They r coming out GR soon
Dis a high quality flex I wanna get this over the supreme one
No retail are :/ Unfortunately all the reps I've seen are gone now bro I'm sry. I've seen old reviews with em tho
When I say GR I should have said limited GR. It's gonna b like every other hype release and ofc sell out. But these vlone kicks only came out at complexcon as a small sample size. But they coming out for realZ soon apparsn
This a W
Belt please thanks
I opened the image just to enjoy that 😂😂😂
Think they good bro. Like mango quality shit
you can literally get a DS pair for way less bro gonna have to charge less than like 140$ (whatever the going rate is for the latest batch) at the very least. If its an older batch gonna b harder to sell for that price as well. Pics would b useful too ahha
BRUH this a real thing come on bape we dont want to make hypebeasts into virgins :( Oh wait... too late
Same bro :( big Bois we out here
I think it's a kids piece lololol
Where did u cop the breds from? Interested to cop
Only till 11 bro... 1:1 repPAIN no bigger sizes
Yeah ur right I was being a pretentious fuck lmao just so many fake Travis fans that only fw antidote at my school like it's a good song but the people ruined it for me Owl Pharaoh fans out here too dang FashionReps got depth
Lmk QC when u get it b
Some clean KITH stuff like with the small logo
Yessir they the best ones in that price range :)
Motherfkn price is a year I'm dead 😂😂😂
Yo the creams better have size 12
Ohhhhh yeah I gotchu. Also I bet this is some cheap af screen print shit but I'm still gonna buy it lmaoo
+15$ Wu fee? And how's the leather quality? More like 2016 breds or true to SSB retail
Lin has supreme x timbs with minor flaws
Nice bro
W2c ur shirt tho And that shelf lol
Yes. As a person in this situation I understand this
That shirt Fuego. Wish tao could get my ass some nice XL bape tees
From Lin dude. I forgot price but it kinda high like 70$-90$ I think
AliPay?! Aliexpress cops or his tao store
I'm a 34-36 and it measured out to fit me right. Skinny fit tho if u got thicc thighs ur not even gonna wanna try em on (like in my case)
People have said it fits up to a 40 o.O
Get the cheaper batch of the tiger hoodie. Theres only one batch and it's super good only like 200Y also
It's not the one child law anymore they changed it bro
Such a damn shame. It's so simple smh rep makers
Come on man so much hate on bape :((( It's just a fun brand to wear. But u can't wear two pieces at the same time that's an L
My duuude let's get it. If u ain't copping from the clearance section at a clearance store ur not a real FashionRepsBoi Seriously that's me tho
Bruh. Too soon.
Or nexus 5x cases
I saw a rep for a Gucci blazer
Sure lemme get home first
I rather cop the tao ones that are not 1:1... But I guess that makes sense if the blanks r that expensive
Good to know. I thought it was all one batch.
Interested in palace shirt XL
Change country to China then try ordering bud
No OVO reps bro... Only the shit shit shit print ones u can also get on Amazon. They have the Jordan X OVO hoodie that's 1:1 and pretty good
Try r/repsneakers
Yo how much did all this cost to ship...
I can fw the camo air forces bro nice. Hope they cheap too ;) ALSO PLEASE TRY AND FIND BAPESTAS SIZE 12 HMU
yeah thats a good idea.
FOR ALL OF IT?!! thas a steal
oooohh that cool b. Still not too expensive. I would have expected more ;)
WOAH WHERE TO COP
this
YO just cop via taobao and plan to pick it up from a hotel deadass
gang rape. thank god they didnt make this super cheap else everyone and they mama gonna have it lol
The watermark on the pictures says UNHS.net if you look so that must mean that UNHS.net = TrendyClub... like they the same person... thats crazy to me always expected they to b seperate
how much for that ASAP shirt i would wear that
GL BRO
please educate me! i just saw the UNHS.net watermark and havent seen it posted so i shared :/
any w2c on these? i need dat XL
honestly wanna just cop it just to see what the fuck turns up ahah
Right here fam! https://www.reddit.com/r/FashionReps/comments/5nvat2/fs_fog_joggers_and_halfzip_maybe_bape/
NICE BRO U ABOUT TO MAKE FUCKING BANK. Supreme x LV is gonna resell for an arm and a leg bc u know all the celebs are gonna have to have it aha
Huh didn't know UAE made shit too damn
Whos ETG? Is he the engraved BOGO dude
Not usually THAT cheap. But it's nice when they go to clearance then it's affordable.
YES PLEASE. Iove vape hate the sharks n shit looks tacky IMO pls don't hate me. UNHS.net had the all camo bape hoodies with the bape logo on the front so clean
What backpack was it lol
Ay I got retail DS NMDs size 15 that might fit u bro.
as a person with more jackets than shirts I AGREE
my friend copped these for 5$ and 10$ just the other day... we live in seattle
DAMN. thats a good sale
Woah that's wild
V rare to find NMDs in size 13... Jordan's and Yeezy 350/750 do however. I saw some yuppoo seller with fucking size 18 750s but they can't make other reps biggwr
Ah that sucks :((
Math is a bitch rn
Damn shit not cheap tho
Me too lmaoo I'm hungry af
How do u know the price?
There's only one batch of these matey they on tao for 220Y
She left??
It's referencing the Steak sauce which is the best. So yes they the best
What about the OT bro how r those
Kinstorstyle or kinstor23
Reps sucked of these dw
More pics I'm interested
But on Jordan's and other shit. U my new plug b where u at
man that feels bad
w2c it buddy
yeah i like the MR but the reps are unfortunate
Looks like something that the big sellers have, but for like half the price. Is this worth a cop? ALSO PLEASE SHARE SOME GOOD WINDBREAKERS YALL HAVE COPPED looking for some spring succ edit: found this as well - https://item.taobao.com/item.htm?spm=2013.1.20141002.4.WRlFOg&amp;scm=1007.10009.70205.100200300000001&amp;id=535496703630&amp;pvid=eaaab2ae-c26f-4f2e-88dd-992bedb3d4e5
w2c b
did u end up getting the palace ottoman windbreaker?
yea im aware of that but im debating whether i should opt for agents or naw this time around... agents overcharge for shipping so much i got 10.7 kg shipped directly for 68$
its 3kg, but its pretty big so the dimesnsions r probs wild
yeah we dont know where to find those 1:1 ones just yet. I believe 1:1 reps are always out there just in hiding
goddam these guys need to chill
what brands are u into other than ovo?? (sorry that was a cruel joke it sucks that there r no OVO reps even tho its such a fucking easy brand to replicate)
Check out my man nelly for big boy shit. or pablo merch and ASSC if u have big feet check my latest post
That's what made me sad
W2C off white?
I got the retail all white one bro.
And those fucking kithstas
Yooo prices r rape for those 950s :(((
Good it ain't just me lmaoo
Nope it's DS with tags not even taken outta the bag. Didn't mean to buy it meant to cop the shoes and killed myself when I checked out from the wrong tab aha How much would u pay for it?
Well it actually costs money just very little lmao
Damn two other Indians we out here gang
What's ur prices now friendo
Where did u gettem from and why u sellin
Where in Canada?
I got it in an XL
But what r prices bro Edit: way cheaper to buy from tao
Idk man my experience with stores not on tao is pretty shitty... But u can GP for sure. Just be careful about shirts less than 20$
Do u wear it a lot?? Like I think it would be a nice spring flex but I would probs wear a lot aha
Yeah but they ain't making the good batch anymore :(((
Yo I like the FOG hoodie!!!! It's a good layering piece!
For how much?M I would love a pair of bapestas in a size 12/13 especially kithstas
Did u GP this btw?
Any pics of how it looks
Any idea in sizing
Did ya gp it how is it
I've heard that the cheaper batch of this has bad embroidery of the S but ay for 70Y some one GP after CNY
Good shit man god bless u
On the edges? Does that mean that the white color one doesn't have the flaw?
Yes we need some
Coach jacket! There is a batch floating around use search bar
Ayyy lmao glad to see it's still helping the fam
Cool bro! Is there a big streetwear scene there? like bape n shit
Yeah i would still send a message now on all platforms so it shows exactly when u figured out something went wrong. Then try and let them figure it out after CNY
hmm this is a good point might be a good idear
shit the price went up on this. used to be able to get a really good batch for like 120Y :((
yes check dhgate
lets make r/FashionReps great again
we on this ultralight beam ;)
Costco has one really similar to this style just no supreme branding... It kept me warm AF Peep my recent post for this non Hypebeast asthetic if ur into that
Yooo does he have the fucking necklace tho
Please let me know fam would love this
Closest I've seen to a kth rep is a pull over
Do u know if line deals can ship Y3??
hell yea
damn the sweatshirt pants tho...
reps for the sleepingbag were actually found LMAO
god bless u
u got a pair? how are they and what color u cop
honestly all of them that have BASF and are not OG (apparently those suck)
which colr? im tryna cop soon and wanna figure out which is the best most versatile colorways... tbh i like em all aha
Search bar fam. But epacket is shit about 2-3 weeks friend. If u care about $$$ cost and time it takes ur cucked lmao just settle somewhere... Line deals is the best price for non branded shit idk if they take adidas nmds
Got FOG joggers and half zip Sherpa XL DS
XL DS Fog half zip Sherpa and joggers Based on location I could meet up (I'm in Seattle)
Where in Canada bro
Half zip fog Sherpa DS
Oh I thought u meant the windbreaker thing. The steep tech is real f'show I copped retail :)
No idea. I just know it was normally at 340Y but CNY hit and it all of a sudden went down in price (this guys whole store went on sale he has good sales. The 40Y bape shirt he has is amazing) I have links for the 350Y one as well. That's why I believe it's the same batch. However there's some flaw with the teeth according to some dudes here
