Thinnest *and* sexiest
&gt; Nearest match for jony is Jonathan Ive: Petition to add /u/autowikibot to approved?
Haha, I think i know too well how isolated it is, considering I live here lol
Contrary to popular belief, Canadians and Quebecers usually get on quite fine. Plus, we wouldn't be able to take credit for glorious poutine without them!
That and the subredditdrama post
Did you read his comment?
&gt;looks better They are not even comparable, Apple watch looks professional, the pebble time looks like a toy. &gt;works just as well if not better If all you want is better battery and waterproof... Then sure. But if you're taking into account display, build quality, fitness aspects, more and better apps, refined software, innovative features, aesthetics, customer service, well known brand, etc...then no.
Like what?
&gt;The Spanish Navy prepared a surface task group with frigates and tankers, but Spain eventually decided against sending it. Negotiations ceased on March 25, and the following day, Canadian ships cut the nets of the Spanish trawler Pescamero Uno. The Spanish Navy responded by deploying a second patrol boat. Canadian warships and patrol planes in the vicinity were authorized by Canadian Prime Minister Jean Chrétien to fire on Spanish vessels that exposed their guns. This was known as "the turbot war." I think Canada did the right thing, trying to stop overfishing
Your phone can't take your heartbeat and isn't as accurate. Plus, it's much easier to see the information when it's on your wrist.
No matter what your opinion (which I think is stupid) on the watch is, you're already wrong. It sold a million units in the first day, and continues to sell 30 000 a day. That's far from a flop. &gt;It's just a redundant gadget that's fun to play with for a while until the novelty wears off and you fall back to the necessities like your iPhone. As someone who actually *owns* one and isn't making baseless comments, you're definitely wrong. I've found tons of uses for it, and I'm excited to see the future of the device.
Damn dude, you're really on the Apple hate bandwagon, aren't you? Apple has always waited to reveal sales numbers until their next event (WWDC), and if sales analysts are correct, this things *already* generated billions in sales for Apple.
Proof?
Except Edmonton's actually a nice city...
Hilaruous! How long did it take you to come up with that one, an hour? Wouldn't be surprised, people like you have the intelligence of a 6 year old.
I think the largest company in America knows what they're doing...
Launching a new product category would take significant research, R and D, and decision making by experienced people with various business degrees. Apple is known for making slow, but correct steps.
It's like Christmas time!
Yeah, the guy wasn't a sovereign citizen, he just didn't speak the language and misunderstood what was happening.
This sub will up vote anything negative that has to do with Apple. It's kinda pathetic, really.
Are we really just upvoting circlejerk posts now?
What an uninformed and stupid thing to say.
&gt; More locally, it has 4GB of onboard storage Hilarious you say that, Apple Watch has double the storage. Shows that you don't really know what you're talking about.
Yeah, but you can use the rest of the storage for everything else, like pictures and apps.
It's calibrated to track your steps, which can then determine distance.
Yeah, it's event time, so all the Android fanboys come here and fill this sub with shit. Happens every time there's an Apple event.
If not your phone and your watch are connected to the same wifi network, you don't need your phone in your pocket. For example, you can leave your phone in your bedroom and use your watch in the backyard
Buy things on iTunes?
It's either Apples or Googles. Pick one.
Don't forget Apple!
Canada as well
Nah, but Imagine Dragons is doing great
I'm not saying it's useful for everybody, I was just trying to say it's not useless either, like OP said they were.
Oh man, it's everywhere.
As a Canadian: shit.
What the fuck?
Jim B signs his name because Jim B is awesome.
Go fuck yourself
Yeah, you're right. We should've just stood by and watched as Germany took over Europe and killed millions of innocents.
Did you just switch from French to English mid sentence?
Yup, looks like Edmonton.
Nope, but the YouTube video was uploaded from the actual motorcyclist. edit: unfortunately the video has been removed from YouTube.
I have a French exam tomorrow, so I'm studying the best way I know how: With reddit, haha I'm from Edmonton, and I think I like it too much to move somewhere else haha. Always wanted to visit Montreal though!
Apparently the driver was 15, and was practicing after getting her learners. Went too far into the intersection after a red light, freaked out, and reversed without looking apparently haha.
Yeah what your friend did was stupid, but what Malaysia is suggesting is just insane. They should just fine him for being nude or whatever then give him back to Canada. Otherwise I hope our government steps in.
&gt; Free form icons like on Android (each one has a different shape). Oh, god! The horror!
The video was as long as the gif, and AFAIK he said nothing.
As someone who lives in North America but not the United States, I've never heard anyone call our continent "America." It's sounds unbelievably stupid. Americans aren't called "United States of Americans," they're just called "Americans," and everyone I know who says "America" is talking about the U.S. If you're referencing the continent, you sound like a pretentious douchebag. -sincerely, an angry Canadian.
Awesome, thanks dude
But spreading misinformation (that the watch doesn't even last a day) isn't helping anyone.
Same as Canada
If you watched the presentation you would've seen "AC/DC" on the iPhone demo.
If you're concerned about the number of ports then the laptop isn't for you. They still offer other alternatives with more ports, so there's really no point in circlejerking. Edit. Kinda disappointing that the Apple circlejerk has leaked over into this sub.
What a damn fucking shame.
I was just lurking the sub. Never even been to Montreal, so I have no idea how you guys speak haha
If all of Androids fanbase is smug assholes, they really need to work on their reputation and way they have discussions and arguments.
Same here. Got first gen, sucked ass, never buying another one. Left a bad taste in my mouth.
That's not what I meant. Someone who doesn't know what they're talking about isn't an asshole, they're just ignorant. Someone who *does* know what they're talking about but is being smug and elitist, *is* being an asshole, and I'd take the ignorance over assholeishness anyday. To suggest I need psychiatric help is just using Ad Hominem, untrue, and quite frankly insulting. I really thought the users of /r/SiliconValleyHBO who seem to be tech enthusiasts would at least acknowledge Apple's advantages over its competition, but I guess reddit's circlejerking trumps logic.
http://www.reddit.com/r/SiliconValleyHBO/comments/3931ci/my_friend_was_geeking_out_over_the_new_apple/cs0k6ju
That's the kinda place I'd wanna move to when I get old and retire.
Wait what spiders
I really hope he's just going through an 'edgy' phase
Being murdered is a helluva lot different than being killed in an accident.
Yeah, what's with the above average amount of Canadians in Cabo? I definitely noticed it when I was there
We're really just upvoting circlejerk posts now?
You realize their not harmless jokes, they're actually serious, right?
No, but posting images of imgur admins on their sidebar just because they're overweight *is* serious, and tbh it screams mental disorder.
NASA actually uses the metric system
And your insecurities are continuing to show. Have fun compensating for your shitty life by making fun of strangers!
Seriously. Why the fuck is this in /r/pics?
Windermere?
/r/circlejerk
Dude I know you're insecure about your body, but do you really have to bully complete strangers to feel better about yourself? And I hope you realize that even people who aren't fat can see how rancid and toxic you and your community are, because I'm pretty average when it comes to weight. Get the fuck out of this website you fucking douchebag, and have a nice fucking day. I know I will, because I'm not constantly judging strangers to feel better about myself.
When did I say I was offended? All I said was I've had enough of seeing this /r/fatpeoplehate shit on my front page lately, and I'm getting pretty fucking annoyed by it. It sounds like you're the offended one.
I'm judging him for because he's an asshole. Just because someones fat, doesn't mean they're an asshole. But you wouldn't know that, because you're also an asshole, clearly.
Ah, so I can see you're just gonna give immature responses, and not respond like an adult. Here's your average /r/fatpeoplehate user everybody, can't even hold up an argument.
Yup, you?
Then maybe don't shove your beliefs down all of reddit's throats? Oh wait, if you hadn't done that, your shitty sub wouldn't have been banned!
I just told you why it wasn't hypocrisy, but I'm beginning to believe that you're not intelligent enough to comprehend what I'm trying to get through to your thick head. I think the person representing the subreddit /r/fatpeople*hate* is the hate monger-er, not me. Have a nice day, I won't be responding to any further comments, no matter how dense they are.
Ad Hominem, nice. I'm not gonna respond to any more of your comments, before I lose my sanity.
Most people under 20 still know what Jurassic Park is...
You can't take the 2 seconds to look at the sidebar? Are you that lazy?
Yes it is... You just tap the button at the top right and slide down to sidebar. Literally 2 seconds...
Agreed. One of the best looking of these types of games, but it just isn't fun, unless you're a fallout fanboy I guess. One of the coolest things is the 3D perspective on the rooms when you pan around. Looks awesome.
Anyone got a link to it?
Don't tell me you're an /r/fatpeoplehate-er...
The reason /r/coontown and similar subs weren't banned was because they weren't constantly harassing other users and leaking from their subs. The amount of times I saw /r/fatpeoplehate berate and make fun of strangers for no reason was astonishing. They also brogaded constantly. e. downvoted for being right, stay classy reddit
Yeah, considering West Ed is the biggest mall in North America, and I see these concerts all the time, this is totally believable.
Haha same thing happened to me!
Not if you look at metro areas. Then Calgary only has around ~100k more at most. Edmonton is actually the fastest growing city in Canada.
Which is funny because Chong is actually from Edmonton. I always knew Edmonton was better...
Ayy, my city. How'd you like Edmonton?
Edmonton hasn't been the murder capital for like 5 years bro our crime rate has dropped durastically
I know. I thought this shit was over, but I guess the stranger-hating douchebags who were supposed to be at voat came back to annoy us all.
It's Samesung, of course they're gonna copy Apple
I don't know, some people go as far as to blaming him for *everything* wrong with Canada.
Remember kids, sort this post by controversial to get the best results
Nah, FPH tried to but failed.
Ah, a perfect example of what I was talking about. How's the Voat life?
&gt; Justin Bieber As a Canadian, he was fine before. It was when we gave him to America that he turned into a shithead haha
Edmonton as well
But that's if you build it yourself, something he already said he didn't want to do...
&gt;I never said anything to the contrary You implied it, otherwise you wouldn't have replied to OP. &gt; could get like 4 newer games New games cost exactly the same on PC as they do on console. Sure, steam sales happen like 3 times a year, but most of the time brand new games aren't included, and they certainly wouldn't be 1/4 of the price as on console. Stop making stuff up, like I said, they both have positives and negatives. This isn't /r/PCmasterrace.
sick reference bro
&gt; It has nothing to show for its praise in terms of contribution on the global scale I stopped into reading there
You mean besides the hundreds of millions of dollars of aid and peacekeeping, among thousands of scientific contributions including the telephone, insulin, and the light-bulb, right?
http://www.ayva.ca/blog/2011/07/01/five-canadian-contributions-to-science/ &gt;The First Incandescent Light bulb. Henry Woodward, then a medical student in Toronto, patented the first incandescent lamp with a light bulb in 1874. Credited as the “true” inventor of the incandescent light bulb, Woodward sold his patent to Thomas Edison in 1885. &gt;The First Practical Telephone. Alexander Graham Bell made the first long distance phone call in 1876 with his “electrical speech machine” (now known as a telephone) and changed the world forever. In other words, the telephone was invented by a scotsman, *in* Canada. I don't know if *we're* better than every western nation, but we're better than most, and certainly Israel, which has countless human rights issues, not to mention Palestine. I can give you more technological and science inventions if you'd like.
Dude r u high
The most number of troops to what? The UN? You don't have to give troops to the UN to peacekeep.
&gt; Stop waving your dick and expecting people to suck on it. I'm not, I'm just refuting your incredibly misinformed and bullshit claims. And when have we gotten unconditional praise? I sincerely hope you know that the 'nice' thing we're known for is almost a joke. Sure, we're polite, but people aren't serious when they talk about that stuff. Dude, I think you're just jealous because all your country gets attention for is treating Palestine and Arabs like fucking shit, while we actually uphold human rights. You should come visit sometimes, you're eyes will be opened.
Dude, are you really comparing what the *british* did hundreds of years ago to human rights violations that still continue to happen? Anyway, I've got you tagged because we've been in an argument about this (meaning India vs Canada) before, and I'm not getting into it again.
small meaning by population, not area.
America and the UK wouldn't have been the empires they are and were without their massive populations, and in turn, economies. If Canada had 300 million people we'd be a superpower too.
You just completely generalized 35 million people. Congratulations.
I didn't generalize your population, I was talking about your country and government. And if you're gonna use heavt misconceptions and generalizations, so will I.
And some people will find a way to talk shit about Apple no matter what
You're a fucking terrible troll
*Fruit* punch = Apple
I love how they talk about the corn as being an "All-American" scene in the movie when it was filmed in Canada
fixed
Aw, no Edmonton? Fantastic city, you'd be missing out
Unless my country was magically annexed sometime within the last hour or so, I believe you're wrong.
shh we're circlejerking
I thought you guys all fucked off to voat weeks ago
That's hilarious! Seemed like an honest mistake, hopefully they don't get fired or anything
Damn dude that sucks, as a Canadian I thought racism here was very uncommon for the most part.
Weird, I've only encountered 'real' racism like once before, in rural Alberta
In my original comment, which I thought you were referencing since you replied to me. But that doesn't matter because I agree with you
"Microsoft?! Why'd you name your company after your dick!"
Why are they so many Canadians in Hong Kong?
Are you saying I could fly down to Venezuela and sell my 6 plus for over $50k? brb booking a flight
Right? Or they could've moved the 'Helena, Montana' stop (30 000 residents) up a little to Edmonton or Calgary (1.3 million resident each)
You missed my point, I'm using your logic.
Ah, Canadian hillbillies
Yeah, but what do you expect? Macs aren't made to game with, and if that's the reason you got one you're an idiot. Macs have plenty of other useful features
&gt; There is a difference between an asshole and a person who genuinely believes that a lack of faith equates to a lack of morality. Doesn't make a difference. But if you want, we can call him a 'mega-asshole.' &gt;Also, if you actually believe the source of the joke has no impact on how funny the joke is, you've got a really mistaken view of how comedy works. I think you do. Who cares who the source is? It's completely irrelevant to what makes it funny.
ever come to your head that it still wasn't justified?
Nope, I've only had great experiences dealing with Apple. For example, I dropped my old iPad once and cracked the screen, and this was a couple years after I got it so warranty was out. Took it to the Apple Store, and they replaced it for free.
I'm allowed to be the judge of whatever I want to be the judge of.
That's only because SJW's will make a big scene out of the whole thing and blame Apple. Apple has to act in its best interests.
Apple doesn't give a shit about using the flag. The problem is that SJW's will boycott Apple, and it's in Apple's best interests to make money. You're just circlejerking for the sake of circlejerking.
Fuck, I owned the first gen pro. What a hunk of shit that was.
You really think Apple removed it because the higher-ups are sensitive? No, they removed it because they knew people would complain and make a big deal out of it on the media. It's sad, but true.
IIRC they tried to get it to move away from the public, and it wouldn't do anything. Since it was right by a hospital, they couldn't risk a non-lethal alternative.
As someone who regularly bikes in the river valley, I don't think I wanna know...
I dunno know there's probably standards and precautions set in place that we don't know about.
That's hilarious
&gt; actual censorship You realize Apple is a private company and can do whatever the fuck they want, right? It's not 'censorship.'
Canadian here as well. I agree, but what really gets me is miles and Fahrenheit. I can't guesstimate that for shit
When did this sub become /r/circlejerk?
*Way cooler.
You know there's a circlejerk when [this gets 80 upvotes*](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/3b2xgp/a_watch_that_puts_the_solar_system_on_your_wrist/csiknx9) and you get 5.* *At the time of this comment
&gt; There's just no protection of censorship provided in private cases I see your point, but this also proves mine. Apple *can* do whatever the fuck they want.
No, it'd just be a fucking stupid thing to complain about. E. By that I mean the Apple censorship, not the murder part
And I'm pretty sure the largest company on earth knows more than you about money and business.
Because it's reddit and we need to circlejerk?
That's so true. Us Canadians love saying 'buddy' as a derogatory term
But Apple really doesn't give a shit about what reddit says, especially when most of this thread is just anti-Apple circlejerking
If you're seriously comparing *murder* to a company that's protecting it's interests, then I'm done this conversation.
No one country won the war. You could say the same thing about Britain or even France.
lol thats not what I meant. I meant no *one* country won the war by themselves
&gt; Brigadding consists of a group going into a subreddit and wreaking havoc by down-voting and shit posting. I know what brigading is, and that's exactly what you guys did, especially after the ban. &gt; Doxxing involves finding out who someone is in real life and trying to get them fired, harrassing them, etc. I've also seen this too, particularly with the imgur admins or whatever and that girl from the sewing sub. &gt; Why should we have to keep our opinions to FPH? Because your sub was made so you could keep your opinion in there? &gt;ike you obeasts are unaccustomed to shit being crammed down your flabby gullet. :P Not obese, but I love the ad-hominem! Really helps me paint a picture of the insecurities you have.
[American redditors today](http://www.reactiongifs.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/super-happy-men.gif)
That's a terrible mindset to have. [Anyway, this says we're seventh in the world for pollution,](http://www.actionforourplanet.com/#/top-10-polluting-countries/4541684868) which is not something to be proud of. We can make a difference.
Damn, you know the crash is bad when: &gt;an autopsy will be needed to identify the gender of the person found inside the car.
I know, I thought that was weird. Especially since this post has over 500 upvotes.
We're still 9th on your list, and 1.5% is enough to make a difference.
Why is it that anytime someone mentions they're Canadian on reddit we always get this reply now. He wasn't even bragging.
yes
That would be one big ass city
Ew what is that. Its making my eyes bleed
Agreed. That makes it seem like Calgary by itself has like 3 times the population of Edmonton
Ya forgot Edmonton
Downvoted for a different opinion... smh
Does AMD actually give better colours?
That's pretty good considering the massive anti-Apple sentiment on reddit
Sounds like the start of a good joke...
Dude that's the best part
&gt;ridiculing, laughing and shouting When did he do any of that? I'm usually on the side of LEO's and such but that first and last border guard were very confrontational and didn't explain things very well. Of course the Canadian guy also didn't help.
The last guy was definitely confrontational and kind of an asshole. The second guy seemed nice enough at first. The Canadian certainly didn't handle the whole thing well, but being put in jail is a little extreme IMO. The Americans kept saying "was that a threat!" and such, but I never heard anything that resembled a threat
How is an ass for an opinion? And tbh, he's kinda right.
He didn't insult everybody, he said 'in general.' And yeah, this sub *does* downvote things it disagrees with for the most part. This thread is upvoted because the average subscriber is getting tired of this circlejerking shit going on.
Yeah but look at the sidebar. It even says this isn't a circlejerking sub
You realize its 64gb and not 32gb, right?
What's with the misinformation in this thread? The second tier *IS NOT* 32GB, it's 64GB. That's a helluva difference.
They use Vancouver because "generic big city." If they want something more outdoorsy, I think Alberta would be the better choice due to the beautiful variety available.
They never specified a launch time for iTunes. I don't know why you're complaining, it's not that big of a deal dude. Also, pretty sure they can do both 'technology' stuff and adverts at the same time, considering they're one of the biggest companies in the world.
Also the day I leave spotify forever
Ain't up on Windows yet
Nope, AC/DC is on Apple Music too, which I've switched too
Once again, Edmonton is superior. Edit. This wasn't meant to be taken seriously retards
[Yeah... Edmonton is a *super* ugly city](http://blog.global-alliance.ca/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/edmonton.jpg)
It's /r/canada, what do you expect?
Not to mention Canada
Boned? We don't know why she got fired. Lets keep the circlejerky assumptions to a minimum people.
I don't, I'm just not making stupid assumptions
No, I said we don't know why she got fired.
What? I acknowledged the fact that she got fired, I just said we just don't know why and that we shouldn't assume things. She was most likely fired for a just reason.
Try going by a more up to date link: http://www.statcan.gc.ca/tables-tableaux/sum-som/l01/cst01/demo05a-eng.htm
I'm going by the "Edmonton isn't a real city" comment.
