Looks like your pizza had a stroke.
Yea that's pretty good. Hold onto it!
Rugrats, solid
You should probably take the words off at the bottom too, makes it cheesy
Yea I get the time zone thing. Maybe change PM to CST?
Marude: Candystorm
Not even a single shot.
That's OK, because the labor was not done on the sabbath. Labor is good. Labor on that sabbath is bad.
I can't find the short article she mentions in the post but I did find this: http://abc7chicago.com/news/victim-claims-attack-in-chicago-park-was-racially-motivated-/765406/ I hope they get justice.
They do it to me every time.
Jet fuel can't melt something eve related
Ooh good to know. I'm pretty powerful though, I have all 5 war Chiefs and the whole top row in the second area, made the end really easy. I'll just brand and betray, the usual orc business.
Yea they actually need to be removed by the parent. Talk to your pediatrician.
/r/nosleep is fiction.
Why did they get to inbound it from the sideline instead of the baseline?
Ach makes sense, thanks.
Aww we all know the school will not change its decision come hell or high water
Sorry I'm not too sure what your question is. Are you asking how to make a deal with the devil? I don't think there is one hard and fast way. My faustian bargain came this way- I was at the music store, and there was this bitchin guitar. It was 700 big ones though, and I didn't have that kind of money! So I left. Outside though, there was this man. His skin was pale white, his face covered by a black hood, but I could see his eyes- baby blue. He offered me the money on exchange for my soul. I was never a fan of Blues, so I took the deal. The sucker though- he gave me the check and just walked away! Never even asked how to collect his. Anyways the check was good and I got the guitar. In retrospect I wish I had asked to be good at it. I can never find the time to practice, and I only know a few chords, so it basically just sits there in my living room. I'm thinking about trading it for a PS4. Anyone want it?
Seriously though! It's opposite on phones and computers too. It kills me.
Yea 2013 was mild, but they won it away. CPD is good at crowd control, they can force dispersals.
Yea the whole shoulder to shoulder to horses thing is a great idea. People will give shit to cops, but not to horses.
They've probably watched the show and seen people complain, or they are specifically told to complain to create 'drama'
No spoilers here.
Can you imagine a burger with all sauces? More like a sodium soup.
I love kincades, on Tuesday and Thursday? Best wings, so cheap.
I think that is what every low end restaurant worker does.
500 trips and 12,000 rides? That comes out to 24 rides a visit. Is that even possible?
It's such bs!
Come on, pride leaves a much bigger mess. And there are not usually 50 arrests in the area on a Sunday night.
Good offer, too bad I'm 300 miles away and also drinking at home.
To be fair, the ref kept signalling the hold, even Rivers signalled it in a convo with the ref.
Same
RIP Chargers
Of you win, it WILL be peyton
Dude you're in the playoffs have some dignity.
Pure Hate directed at Denver, I'm sure.
Just dropping it constantly.
It's a black joke
You're just mad cause when the bathrooms are labeled 'ladies' and 'gentlemen', there's nowhere for you to go.
I STILL haven't gotten my refund from last year. At this point, I am just counting those 75 dollars as gone.
Oh /r/chicago. At least it's not as racist as it was a couple of years ago.
Holy shit her hands are huge! Johnny Bench called.
I noticed it immediately.
Are you a porn star?
Reach for the stars my friend. Even if you miss, you'll land upon the stairs.
Good to know.
Agreed, he sprang up so fast
Wrists can't be down
No
Haha I wish. 1990 man.
It seems insurmountable
I've seen this one a hundred times
Agreed
Echo
Yea howbout it? No helmet though
Noooo
If it's a big office, you probably won't get enough for an island.
Mixed.
it says you're a damn good Cincinnatian.
"I was shitposting on reddit." "Checks out."
Ha a lot of people are rooting AGAINST the Cardinals for the same reason. I dunno if I want him to get a ring.
The ONLY reason I would want the Pats to win is to watch Goodell have to hand the damn trophy to Brady.
How did she stop for the wrong reasons?
Holy shit I am DEFINITELY buying these now. They literally made that family happy!
Rule 2 please!
He likes Bernie Sanders.
Damn synths
It deserves a penalty, but 15 seems like so many. I can see it in other instances, where they actually use it to get a competitive advantage.
Lol
It was a veerry long 1.
Nope, they just know the count as well as the Pats.
Not even a FG, a PAT
I am sick from laughing
Tillman dancing?
He's still wearing pads
This took place in Indiana.
Someone was out for a play, but they rubbed some 'ointment' on it and they were OK.
Oh god...
Isn't that where half the adult male population was convicted of child porn and abuse?
Interestingly, most of the island is Google Street view accessible.
Wait so you paid him the full purchase cost, and he squandered it on something else? That sucks. The car title AND loan is in his name, right? If so, you could just walk away from the car and tell him you aren't paying anything else. Unfortunately that would mean you essentially paid him for nothing, but it may be better than throwing money at a car that is not even in your name.
Who... Whose number 2?
Ahh come on, it was early, no coffee yet, AND I was commuting on the train. I'm leaving it.
But then I'd have no money...
Did you respond to the wrong comment?
DON'T carry a knife for self protection. If you are a smaller female, you are more likely to have it turned around on you than you are to use it successfully. Tazer, pepper spray is way to go. Something that can be used from a distance.
Neither record level for Chicago NOR for the US.
Oh. Then I don't understand your comment. Why does OP need to get over himself?
Ugh the streetcars. Some people wanted a light rail system, some people wanted nothing, so they decided to compromise and make something useless that EVERYONE can be mad about.
So you can understand that, in general, women dislike catcalls. They can avoid catcalls by wearing headphones. It is not being 'full of themselves,' it's eliminating an annoyance and a danger. I do the same thing, but to avoid panhandlers and clipboard carriers.
I mean, who hasn't tho?
The Museum of Science and Industry has preserved fetuses from throughout gestation on display, but definitely not in the food court.
Old post man! Whatcha doing back here?
Nevermets? Is that as self explanatory as it sounds?
Found the Cincinnatian
Am I suck at it. I lost the game for my team three times in 5 games.
Are you the lawyer dude?
Yea so fun getting srd bannrd
All I see is ********
Thanks for the tip, I think I'm getting near the end so I will get the first DLC now.
Green blob in EU4
He's hehing because it's Otto Armleder
Destroy all of Hassans elite guard
A 6 pack of bud is like 6 dollars, not nine.
And literally purge in Stellaris
So is there an ACTUAL Trump subreddit where they can discuss without the shit posting?
Wowza, pricey. It is tough to find places that do a good job though...
Don't go to Salsa Gomez at 1 am if you don't want lines
Uh they don't print the paper anymore. That's why you can't find it.
This was before his career started. He dropped out of school after this.
ILL FIGT U
No you can tell I'm not cause nowhere did I use the word cuck.
Can we have our money now?
Seems unsafe
Probably not room for a full kitchen.
Chicken chaser!
In Cincinnati there is a highway called Ronald Reagan highway. I call it Cross County DAMNIT!
Those would be some tiny plums
I'm confused... I think I have 15 down, but I can stream Netflix in 1080p?
The man checks out, folks.
I worked at Michigan and Monroe and there were a few guys who went up and down the street.
At 60657, about half of our wedding RSVPS were mis-delivered. We also had credit cards and government documents never show up. My wife's medical school diploma was delivered in a shredded envelope. EDIT: Completely forgot, we mailed a cashiers check from that zip as well, never showed up.
The ad is targeted towards people who understand it. It's a medical thing.
Hey sol. Quick, without thinking - who is more important, your dog or your dad?
I play it in Cincinnati... So it's kinda foreign, Yea.
Ja
I think she did! Glad others stepped up further down the chain while I went to sleep.
This is just not helpful!
Yea he clearly has none of those, as evidenced by the obvious rush job of the contraption.
Seriously. School doesn't teach you how to apply for college. The school website, or college packet does.
It's one of my one skills
8pm
Hoping for USD
If you live near a potbelly, theirs is pretty good.
Haha back when this place was the Chicago Theater (8 or 9 years ago) I went to many, many free shows here. Someone in my group would get 10 free tickets every month or so. They never realized we were 18 so we weren't buying booze. Most shows sucked, but I did see the Sklar brothers who were pretty good.
What in the world is orange theory? I'm thinking number theory but with oranges
I mean the speed limit is 45 but yea, everyone goes 70 when it is clear. What always shocks me are the freaking divvy bikes
Bee movie but every time theres a plot hole it speeds up.
The poophole loophole.
Maybe leave it somewhere it is likely to get hit by a drunk driver then! (joking)
In Trump's defense, he placed that ad before they were exonerated. Of course, he continued to call for their deaths even after the exoneration, but not with a full page newspaper ad.
Well yea, obviously he is despicable. But not exactly in the way /u/Msmit71 said he was.
Hey hey hey... he had 20 shares, that's 60 cents!
&gt; The author of Dilbert, certainly not a right-winger: LOL
Blocked at work unfortunately. I have followed Scott Adams for years and saw his descent into madness. You seem like a nice person.
I know this is old, but I wanted to give a tip - instead of saying sorry, thank them. 'Sorry I am late' turn into 'Thanks for waiting for me.' If you go off on a tangent, turn 'Sorry for all the ramblings' into 'Thanks for listening to my tangent' In this instance, turn 'I'm sorry sir/ma'am/moron, this is the self-checkout area' into 'This is the self checkout area, sir. The regular lanes are right there. Thanks for understanding!' It makes them feel like they have already done you a favor, for waiting, listening, or understanding, so they are likely to continue doing you a favor by going over to the regular lanes.
My wife ordered my christmas gifts off amazon. They were delivered to Lasership, and were supposed to arrive that night by 9 PM. Well I didn't hold my breath, but she checked the app and... it said delivered at 8:40! But we had been there and there was no package. So we opened a ticket, amazon said, wait another 24 hours. Still nothing, so we contacted them again. They said 'well I guess it is lost' and shipped a new package. Also delivered by Lasership, but it actually arrived that time. Two weeks later (so, 16 days after it was supposed to be delivered?) there is a package on our doorstep! Surprise Surprise, its the original. Sent that back to amazon.
Consider voicing these concerns to the AMA, and bring up the fact that their top donations went to republicans who plan on repealing the ACA with no replacement.
On the one hand, a poor work-life balance. On the other, your family being butchered because you couldn't afford the protection. I get it, it is really a toss up.
Fuckin lol
Round trip or one way?
OMG don't even get me started on what my wife makes... she's a first year resident. I think if we threw ALL of her salary into her loans, they wouldn't accrue any more interest. Guh. Good luck with applications.
My first winter in Cincy since coming down from Chicago. Obviously less snow here, but then again I didn't drive much in Chicago, and it was completely flat. I got to work OK, but going home I climb 2 big hills (Whetsel is the big one). Should I just say fuck it and take 71 with the traffic, or will the roads be pretty clear?
Do you own or rent?
The stadiums were built on empty lands/parking lot. The riverfront was essentially deserted for years.
If you do sue, you can potentially get a judgement against them. As future doctors, they will likely EVENTUALLY have income, so you may get something 5-10 years down the road.
hoooraaaayy
If we are going to pedantic, it should be Straße. But from your username, I bet you knew that already.
Tremendous.
Haha! Is that spicy vodka? I could never do the spicy liquors, too much pain all at once for me. What I CAN do is tequila shots with cholula and lime juice. Yum.
Preferably he would move somewhere NOT in Cincinnati then.
Oh god my pants...
Most people here like both. I think it is easier to keep everything with the same company.
Moving a horse from UK to Switzerland? I think that it a bit out of the depth of most people here.
That's fair, but money is speech. So they are saying something with this, even though it may just be 'we want everyone to like us.'
LIAR! Clinton News Network gets it wrong again. It's really Esteban Santiago.
Suspect was born in 1990. Not the same guy.
Bday is reported at 3/16/90. That would make him 19 the date that was published, which is what is in the article. Maybe. The reason I doubt it is because there are reports he had a military ID. Doubt he could/would enlist with that on his record.
Hearing from who.
Where did I support that?
Stay safe.
God I hope not.
Unconfirmed eyewitness reports say that he finished shooting (maybe reloaded a few times), but then laid down and put his hands on his head waiting for the police. Grain of salt, obviously.
If I hated money, yes.
Odd thing to be yelling.
Suspect is American.
Five people were killed. 6 people were killed in Chicago in a few hours after NYE. I don't want to minimize this, or Chicago's violence problem, but it wasn't like Pulse Nightclub.
Hey Skyline is damn good. It's not like the cinnamon or cocoa OS overwhelming, it just adds a layer of depth.
Ftp
Nonono it's the Bengals who play dirty remember?
Nonono it's the Bengals who are dirty, not the Steelers. Remember?
The Steelers always play like that. People blame it on Cinci, but they are just willing to play on Pittsburghs level.
Someone needs a safe space.
Love that the tide is going the other way now.
There is no permit, the police aren't taking the buckets. They just need another hustle when it is so cold.
But it is an even tax. A $10000 car would cost $12000 whether it was a Ford or a Fiat (other than the actual duty tax, which is only on imported cars).
MFW Ohio and Michigan exist and are not at war.
Oh to be a fly on your search history.
That's why you press charges, so you can file a small claims case for damages
It's a little more work, but I find it worthwhile to use butter instead of olive oil, and stuff the cavity with a lemon and some herbs.
That's a long rest. How many pounds was the bird?
Damn, I moved back a few months ago. Oh well, I get Skyline whenever I want now.
Seriously. Aldi cashiers... no one faster. Which is good, cause the lines are always long.
Balls, I saw this on /r/chicago and came here immediately to x-post. You beat me to it.
Their own website says: &gt;7.40% to 24.40% based on your creditworthiness and other factors. This APRAnnual Percentage Rate will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate. So while your rate will vary based on the prime rate, unless you are at 7.4% there is some room for them to come down.
LOL I got nothing. Try again in a few weeks.
There are birds flying around in it. Pooping everywhere, I assume.
Here's a great example from Baltimore https://www.emporis.com/images/show/775059-Large-fullheightview-don-pablos-restaurant.jpg
What a jabroney
A single protester.
