You can do either. I'd just buy it a the station and use the $8 you get on it to start - then register it online at http://www.smartrip.com (only one T) and you can set it to auto reload every so often.
You'd think they have Internet or something.
I just graduated 6 months ago and made $90k right out of school. I don't see what's so difficult.
I don't think you realize how much trains cost to run. MARC has been operating at a huge loss for years, which is why they started charging surcharges for WV users since they weren't even getting tax money from those riders. Now the tax money they do get from Marylanders isn't cutting it, so yeah, fare increase. At least it's not Metro which jacks it up every year for continuously shitty service. I've always found MARC to be pretty decent and the only issues I've ever had with them are really CSX's fault.
&gt;I'm pretty sure Netflix will lose a big portion of it's subscribers if they do put ads in. This sounds familiar. Remember when they wanted to charge double if you wanted streaming *and* DVDs? They had call centers set up specifically *for* cancellation and weren't even trying to retain customers. Everyone canceled in droves and they *did not care.* They're still successful. They still will be if they put ads in too.
Dickie's wasn't bad for being a chain.
&gt;The landlord CBRE, the monarchs of Clarendon. They're the devil. They don't even fix shit when it breaks.
I've long found that each Arlington borough is reasonably dominated by one landowner/developer that either bought this early on while it was all still farms or bought/inherited it from someone who did the former. CBRE runs almost all of Clarendon, Monday Properties runs almost all of Rosslyn, Vornado Charles E. Smith runs almost all of Crystal City... I'm pretty sure that's where these BIDs come from that host these movie nights, etc. I don't have a source to back it up but it just reeks of that developer trying to drag people into *"their"* borough to spend money at *"their"* lessee's businesses... they're treating the County basically like a bunch of giant malls.
I've primarily used the Brunswick line and I think have rode the others only once each, so the only thing I can qualify those for is that the Penn line usually gets nicer/newer trains... the Brunswick line gets some old ass cars (I rode one with literally just benches once, no plush seat covers, it was like being in church) but I've never experienced engine failure (though I have heard stories). I've only ever experienced delays because there was a freight train slowly working through the block and since it's all CSX's right-of-way, MARC gets second priority and has no choice but to wait. On your note about the one engine always breaking down, this reminds me of my university's bus system - the buses were constantly in the shop for something because they were 15 years old and had easily a half-million miles on them. The university would never buy a new one for $400k because it was only $30k to fix it...even after the 15 fixes it would take to show that buying a new one was cheaper, it came down to this: the "buying new shit" budget and "cost of doing business" budget were not only two different buckets, but run by two very different departments. Buses breaking down was a cost of doing business and they kept handing out blank checks. Buying a new bus? Fuck that we don't have that kind of money! If my private university did that, there's not a doubt in my mind the MTA does it even worse.
It is. My company only gives me $100/month and it's piling up...I have over $700 on my SmarTrip at this point just because I never even use that much to get there.
Is there a fucking store somewhere where people buy those donuts? I'm perplexed when I see cars with all 4 tires as spares. Your car only comes with one!
Refresh - this was just redacted.
/r/politics is full of people who have no prospects and no jobs because they're the typical Redditor - a neck beard who likes cats and has zero marketable skills and probably zero social skills. They complain because they just lack the impetus to get out there and invest the effort to get a good job or a good education…they would rather be lazy and are jealous of those of us who are successful. TL;DR don't listen to them. I feel like they represent a very small portion of liberals, which is why they're all touting Bernie Sanders and Hilary will still, unfortunately, win the primaries by a landslide.
I use my PayPal to pay for something like once a year now. With Stripe and all of the other easier and simpler payment gateways out there, the need to use PayPal is dwindling. I don't even shop on eBay anymore.
FYI the Department of the Interior oversees the National Park Service, etc.
Voted.
For cutting funding from an organization that overpays employees who do very little. Yeah, fuck fiscal responsibility.
&gt; Decreasing funding for any product usually improves quality and responsiveness. It should. Fix your shit, or get cut again until you've got nothing left. If you want money, do it right.
&gt;Perfect, this will definitely help us stop all those metro fires and metro doors opening while trains are in service. No, what will help that is not hiring exclusively out of PG and/or the area jails.
That's only about $1k a year, so yeah, I could probably cut back on iTunes purchases. But if I were performing as poorly as Metro, I'd be surprised to be getting paid at all.
Incorrect. I live in DC which is way above the national average for pay and cost of living, and carriers here get 50k.
I'm not going to go hunting for the article, but there was a WaPo article a while back that showed with overtime pay, a lot of these operators were getting around $80,000. That's upper-middle pay for a desk job in this area. An industrial job where you push a lever, open and close doors, and mumble station names doesn't warrant the same amount of pay and yes, only deserves maybe in the neighborhood of $40,000. I wouldn't mind it so much if they weren't such insufferable people. I've yet to meet a pleasant Metro employee besides the cheery guy on the Orange Line who actually enunciates. The rest of them mumble into the speaker, and most of the station managers give you attitude whenever you ask them to do anything that involves getting up out of the chair.
Let's assume that someone rides *just* minimum fare (your average 'poor' you're martyring probably goes a bit farther than that) every day of the month (I'll include weekends because some people also use Metro for recreational functions). That's $2.10x2x20 for rush on workdays and $1.75x2x10 for the rest = about $119/month *at minimum.* My car lease is $99, my insurance is $50, and gas is about $50 a month too for a total of $200. Not only is that not much more than the above calculations, but also your average Metro rider probably has their transit subsidized OR is spending at least $200/month because they're going farther than the minimum fare I generously used in my example. I'm not saying everyone should get a car, but I'm not going to have some hippie tell me that getting a vehicle is too expensive. It's fucking cheap if you're not an idiot.
Sure. Driving a bus honestly looks like fun. I like driving big vehicles. I'm moving a 1-bedroom apartment next week and reserved a 30-foot UHaul just because. As far as the "not so good parts of DC," maybe if they quit being such pansies about firearms and I could protect myself.
&gt;I checked out the Metro job posting &gt;I did not look at WMATA listings Metro and WMATA are one in the same, especially on their jobs site.
&gt;No. It would require ~~infrastructure spending, which would require taxes or outside investment~~ the Board of Supervisors to not be fucking corrupt. Good luck with that. FTFY
&gt; FWIW I wouldn't mind [...] higher taxes I would. My Cox is fine. I shouldn't be paying higher taxes so other people can get what they want.
&gt;For a lot of people, $80 extra is a *lot* of money. Well, don't work for McDonalds. &gt;what do you think is going to happen to the already ridiculously congested traffic in DC? Considering the people we are talking about are the people who work retail or food service, they don't work your typical 9-5 and therefore won't experience rush hour. &gt;don't try and dismiss me as "some hippie" Anyone who sits here and whines about how poor people will be affected is a hippie. Poor people are poor by their own volition. If they dislike the consequences that come with that, maybe they should have paid attention in school/stayed away from drugs/stayed away from gambling/or the opposite of the 900 *choices* people make that make them poor.
I was just making a point, asshole. Fuck you, you were at 0 and I gave you an upvote because of a simple human error, but if you want to be a dick about it, fine.
There are a lot of roads in Virginia that showcase how eminent domain didn't get them far. Do you think the onramp to 7 East from the Leesburg Bypass is jacked at a 90 degree angle because they didn't feel like buying up *Public Storage*? With enough bitching and lobbying, they'll leave you be.
&gt; Your speeding laws are no fucking joke. Can confirm. Roommate spent a night in jail because he was doing 99 on 66. Or maybe he was doing 66 on 99 and I just read it upside down. Maybe he was arrested for obstructing traffic.
&gt; So if a hospital buys saline for $5 they can't charge $500 for it. The feds wouldn't pay it. You have a lot of faith in the United States government. When signing up for a conference, they were given the option of $200 per person if they joined the "society" for $100/year; or $400 per person as non members. You could cancel the membership literally the next day and still get the discounted rate. That $100 savings was too much for their brains to process so they just paid $400 per person.
This was out in Front Royal.
It's more likely that a Walmart employee typed the wrong amount on the label printer. It's probably $9.98 and the 9 button got stuck, and they didn't catch it while labeling 500 games.
All of PA is an armpit.
From Maryland? On the Green Line? Say it ain't so!
If you dispute *any* Uber charge, they cancel your account. To them, your business isn't worth it if you're going to question their authority, and rather than argue with your credit card issuer, they're just going to write it off as a bad debt and move on to their other millions of dollars in revenue.
&gt; my American Express card. They're hard hitters when it comes to dispute resolution **They most certainly are not.** Priceline scammed me on a hotel - I requested a 4-star hotel in SF and got thrown into the ghetto in a shitty hotel that was actually falling apart, that was maybe 4-stars a decade earlier but certainly not now...I disputed it, and AmEx said "oh well Priceline says no refunds so you're SOL." They weren't interested in my argument that despite that policy, they had defrauded the quality of the hotel...TL;DR I ended up taking AmEx to court on the grounds that they were complicit in the fraud by backing Priceline up, and won.
I've only disputed once with them and they threw me under the bus hard. I won out in the end by taking it up in Fairfax County court. Did you move out of /r/washingtondc?
Anybody with your credit card number can do that. Most just don't because they have this thing called "business ethics," which Uber seems to lack. I drove for Uber for 2 weeks before I realized the whole thing was a set up. That $1 million of insurance they claim is on every ride? The insured name is Rasier LLC, a shell company owned by Uber which has no assets and isn't regsitered to do business in anywhere but Delaware (which to their credit, a lot of businesses do that). But the point is, only this LLC is insured, not you. And if someone tries to sue the LLC for damages, the judgment will be worthless because there are no assets to liquidate. It's all evil genius and only borderline legal.
Nope. I'm the chief of getting businesses to give me free shit when they fuck up. Uber won't. Uber will gladly cancel your account in the face of "you fucked up and I don't want to use you again unless I have an incentive."
Print this out and send it to the President/CEO. He'll be gone in a week.
&gt; I don't send food back ever (even completely wrong orders, I just eat it) Way off topic...I get the whole "customer isn't always right" ideology but I mean if you ordered something you should probably get what you asked for...there's nothing wrong with asking for the right food. If you berate the waiter and expect a free meal that's when you're crossing lines.
I've disputed Uber charges before. This is legitimately how they act. The fact that you don't believe me is simply not my problem. Edit: It appears there's confusion about the usage of the word "dispute." I'm referring to a formal dispute with a credit card issuer, which on a forum with intelligent people who know anything about personal finance *should* be clear. But now your remarks make more sense if you thought I meant dispute in the sense of arguing with Uber support. You still responded like a douche, though, so go die.
That's what I meant - with the CC company. They won't even respond. They'll just shut your account off and move on.
I think part of this is attributed to the fact that there are multiple ways to get somewhere, and people will get bitchy if you don't take the quickest way. From DC to Tysons Corner, VA, you can take either I-66 or the GW Parkway. Around here, when they say "how do you get there" that's usually just their broken English way of asking the preference because if they assume and are wrong, you'll make a stink about them longhauling you or something (different times of day, these roads have different traffic patterns). That said, what irritates the shit out of me is the app is almost always wrong about my location on the pin (Even though my blue dot is generally correct so I know my phone knows where I am); so I have to call and give the driver the new cross-street and they get confused, even in a city where east-west is numbers and north-south is letters. What Uber needs is people who are familiar with the city somewhat WITHOUT the GPS.
This gets dicey in the DC area because the app always suggests taking toll roads, and I've only been in one Uber that actually has an EZPass. The one time we actually had to get on the toll road, he stopped and paid cash. It's so silly.
Here's the thing. Uber had to try hard to be great to get the people on their side because they were new. They got the people to fight for their great service in the districts in which it was being challenged by taxi unions. Now Uber is preferential to most cabs and the cabs are losing business...Uber has won. They don't need the people anymore. They've now outsourced their support and will treat you like shit, because they're cheaper and even with shit support still better than a cab, so they know you'll still use them. The only people they can lose to is Lyft which kinda sucks because you have to tip.
What /u/0x16a0 said. Should dispute that shit...but if it was around Christmas, you've probably missed the window.
Yea, the taxi service won't charge a cleaning fee, because the taxi already smells like halal food and has an incompetent driver at a much higher fee who is generally unprofessional and yapping in another language on his Bluetooth the whole time. Uber might have shitty customer service but compared to any of these worthless unionized cabbies, I'll still use Uber.
I had a dash cam when I drove for Uber for a couple of weeks, but I turned it around to face inside. It made one or two people uncomfortable but in a city where firearms are a no-go, I told them it was for my safety and if they didn't like it they could get out. The one thing Uber is cool about with their drivers is that they acknowledge that it's your damn car and at the end of the day you can tell people to get out of it whenever.
Taxi drivers in my city are smelly, unprofessional, more expensive, and loudly chatter on their cell phones. I'd rather use Uber.
I feel like if a driver does it often, he'd be called into question. If it's infrequent, they probably side with the driver.
I don't like to abuse this, so I only do it when my options with the management and the BBB and all that are exhausted, but I've found that if you take them to small claims court for stuff like this, even if you have a "you can't sue us" rider in your contract with them, anything less than $1k they will generally just settle out of court. At least for AmEx, their legal offices were in Miami. When I sued them in Virginia for $300, they knew they'd lose money on the flight alone, much less one hour of their time sitting in court. It just wasn't worth it unless I was suing them for tens of thousands of dollars.
That basically was it. I just skimmed out the boring parts. I couldn't get service on Priceline because they pretty much only exist in Delaware, and as an online-only vendor, they're able to dance around the state laws that require you to register as a business in their state - even if you don't have a building there - if you get "substantial" revenue from those citizens. (e.g. Even though Reddit sells Reddit Gold easily to all 50 states, they're probably not registered to do business anywhere besides CA.) However, American Express, which gives tangible cards to its cardmembers and terminals to its merchants and derives substantial revenue from people here in Virginia, has to be registered. They don't have an office here, which is where a "registered agent" comes in - someone to get your business mail. There's a company called CT Corporation System and that's literally all they do. They have a very small office in Richmond and get crates upon crates of mail for basically every big brand you've ever heard of. AmEx refused to use their dispute resolution system to recoup my funds from Priceline - giving me form letters each time saying "well Priceline says no refunds" and blatantly ignoring what I said about how you can't sell me a refrigerator and say "no refunds" and then give me a toaster and win. What I got was very different from what was described in the policy, but AmEx didn't care. Worse yet, they sent me a letter saying "we consider this matter closed and won't respond further." **I hate that.** It's a thinly-veiled disrespectful way of saying we're tired of arguing and you can go fuck yourself. So, I sued American Express and had service brought against CT Corporation System. By law, they have to forward my summons to corporate who then forwards it to the legal department in Florida. Since the claim amount was $240 plus $75 or so in court costs, they realized that $315 wasn't even worth the flight up here, much less whatever the attorney would charge per hour to fight me. Quite frankly, I'm certain most companies of such a size probably budget out settlement costs for lawsuits that aren't worth their time to fight. They technically settled out of court which means they aren't admitting wrongdoing, but I still count it as a win. They tried to fuck me over, didn't realize who they were dealing with, and ultimately paid $75 more than they would have if they had just taken care of it to begin with.
There are numerous companies that got big and popular for great customer service and business ethics and have stayed that way to this day. Chick-fil-A, Harris Teeter, Apple (at least at the retail level), Navy Federal Credit Union, the list goes on. They're successful and keep gaining customers because they treat people right and own up to their fuckups when they happen because hey, we're all human. Meanwhile, Wells Fargo, Dell, McDonalds, etc. are starting to hurt a little and lose customers because they treat people like shit, have bad customer service, etc. - only a little, because people are still willing to pay less for shit service, but at least in my area (DC), there's a shift and people are willing to pay more for better service and the shitty businesses are starting to close up shop.
I think Uber has virtual checkpoints on their map for the gates because they do appear on the receipt even when the driver had to pay cash. I think they know what the toll is at that gate and the system is programmed to see that we crossed that line and thus paid a toll. I don't carry cash, so if the driver doesn't have an EZPass and he doesn't have cash either, we're going through it and he's gonna be paying $25 in a missed toll fine...it's not my fault he doesn't have a free tool that every driver in the region should have. That being said, we also have HOT lanes in this area where the tolls actually dynamically change based on traffic conditions. I have no idea how Uber would gauge that without the driver emailing in and asking to add it to the bill. There's no way for Uber to know what the toll was at any given time because even an accident in the middle of the day can drive the rates up. EDIT: Just realized I wrote a whole paragraph trying to explain dynamic tolling when I could've just said it's basically Uber surge for toll roads.
My money back. It was a $240 charge I was disputing. I had to pay $75 in court costs to file the case and have them served, and they had to pay that too. I hope there's now a note on my profile that says just to resolve my shit when I call in the first time, because they ultimately spent $75 more than they had to, if they would've just fixed it the first time.
Just because I've seen you there before and then I saw you here. Small world.
&gt;Halal food does not have its own "smell" I really don't care. Middle Eastern food smells. &gt;Also, anywhere you go you will not always get great customer service. Yes I will. If I get bad customer service at a place once, they've lost my business. To date, with the exception of those first impression visits, I only shop at places that have historically given me good customer service. That's why, despite several company policies I disagree with, I'll bank with Navy Federal until I die. 3 years and no one's ever dared to not smile when I walk in.
I don't think I've seen a single UberX driver with one yet. The only one I know I saw was when I took an UberSUV - he had one, but he was also a professional driver for Reston Limousine on the side, so I imagine it was a company transponder because he wasn't just using it for Uber.
And they talked themselves out of thousands of dollars in fares. That's fine with me.
Nope, this thread hit /r/bestof.
How did they force the laid-off workers to train the replacements? If I've just received notice that I'm being fired, I'm not sticking around to do shit. The only exception I could see is that maybe they were given one month's notice and during that time had to train - personally, I'd rather lose a month's pay than lose my dignity, but I know some can't be in that same position.
I live in Tysons :) Close enough. /r/nova is a little slow sometimes.
Not really significant - there's rarely anyone using the cash lanes because everyone has an EZPass - but it would have been nice to just blast through rather than having to stop at all.
Start to finish, from me first launching the dispute, about 5 months - I booked the hotel in January and found out immediately afterwards that it was not as described. They actually just settled about a week ago, which is why I'm still somewhat freshly bitter about the whole ordeal. A little contrary to /u/powerful_cat_broker 's post, I did actually appear once because I couldn't get service on them at first because even they operate under a shell company. I asked the judge to allow me to amend the summons and put it back out there and he was cool with it. It's small claims court, so attorneys are 100% not allowed. If AmEx did choose to show up, they'd have to remove the case to general district court where an attorney could appear on their behalf; but that would ultimately cost them more time and money than just cutting me a check. So in their mind, they may think they're in the right and were just being practical, but to me, I count it as a win. TL;DR yes I represented myself but small claims is really simple to learn. There's very little lingo you have to know and you learn half of it from the clerks when you file and the other half from just sitting in the court room and watching everyone else do it.
I find that hard to believe since you neglected to actually disprove any of the statements, nor do you have any documentation. If I felt like arguing with a typical argumentative Reddit basement dweller, I'd dig through my email and find the insurance paperwork from James River and the LLC filing in my state for Rasier to show you. And LLCs were created for the sole purpose of not being able to be sued for anything besides their assets. You clearly know nothing about business administration or the law, and this will be the end of our interaction until you get higher than a fourth grade education. Good night.
Yeah but this one was $60 and all I had to do was turn it around. I saved $40! :P
I dunno man. In VA, I once called an Uber and he took some crazy back roads I'd never seen before and I got there in half the time and for half the fare because it was shorter in both time and distance. To his credit, he had been a cab driver for the town for a while, so he was pretty exclusive to the area. I swear some of the other Uber drivers are being shot out of a cannon straight from Malaysia and couldn't tell you which way up was.
There used to be discounts for EZPass users here, but not anymore. There's only one toll road that is privately owned that still gives a small discount, but it's a few miles outside of Uber's service area.
&gt;An LLC does not have to be incorporated in every state in which they do business. In most states, they have to be registered if they do any actual tangible business within that state. This is the law in VA (§ 13.1-757) as well as a handful of other states. You can be incorporated from a foreign state but must be registered with a registered agent within the state. If you don't understand this, your business is probably also one of the thousands that is not operating legally. People do it every day, even huge companies - doesn't make it right.
&gt; They are TWO SEPARATE THINGS. No shit. That's why in the initial post I said "registered to do business." Clearly, you just can't read. &gt;Businesses incorporate not because they need to in order to do business. Didn't say they did. Literacy is a great thing. &gt; You simply must have a registered agent on file - and most will have that agent located in the area in which they incorporated. That must be why they always use the CT Corporation System within that respective state. Why just list an agent from HQ when we can pay these guys a million bucks to be local? Oh, because *that's the fucking law.* In VA, you can't be registered to do business or incorporated here if you don't have a notice of process within the Commonwealth. My dad's MD real estate firm always used my grandfather's address because he lived just across the border.
&gt; ARLINGTON IS A BULLSHIT CULTURELESS HELLHOLE OF COPORATE FUCKHEAD DOUCHE PREPS. We prefer "people who have jobs and prospects in life and don't smoke weed all day"
They're raising cigarette taxes. Good. It's a sin tax. I don't care *who* buys cigarettes, low-income or not. You shouldn't be buying them at all, so if the state wants to drive extra revenue by punishing those who purchase them, go for it.
I agree. I'd certainly start eating healthier if my McDouble was going to cost twice as much. That said, if I'm standing outside Target eating my McDouble, the smell probably doesn't bother nearly as many people as secondhand smoke does. It's a disgusting habit and, in my experience, most of the people who indulge in it don't offer anything worthwhile to society. It should be treated like alcohol and recreational marijuana: do it in the privacy of your home or a store licensed to serve it. Not on the street looking like the low-income piece of shit you are.
&gt;but I dont think its fair to target one group of citizens I work for a company where only the kids right out of college make less than six figures. The smoking area is always very busy.
Oh but they are. FYI these douche corporate preps pay into the welfare system that keeps you fed while you "find yourself." Hippie.
At least I can pay my bills without having to eat ramen to get by.
Sure. Why not? Do only poor people drink soda or something?
If they weren't successful, they wouldn't have money to be running ads.
No. She'll win. She's 40 and some change points ahead and the average American voter is an idiot. Bernie stands no chance, and anyone who thinks otherwise is delusional. Not pro-Hillary, but I am pro-realistic expectations.
No. "Average American" = "Idiot." Can't you read? Oh. You must be one of them.
No, it's the classic "I clearly stated what I said and you missed it with your illiteracy, so you must be an idiot" argument.
&gt;we're questioning you &gt;... &gt;which is why /u/hayclaylaybaymaysay and I questioned your logic. I didn't see you question anything. All you did was make a sarcastic remark. Questions typically have a question mark at the end and actually make an inquiry, rather than a snide remark about how "classic" my argument is. You gave a condescending comment, so you got a condescending comment back. Remember that, in the future. This will be the one and only time I'll give you a pass and we'll just assume you asked a question rationally. &gt;you provide no clear reason why they're idiots They're impressionable and will vote exactly how the media tells them. Fox News is rooting for Jeb and MSNBC is rooting for Hillary. The impressionable people who watch these channels (most of America) will vote based on how those channels spin the campaigns/focus on a particular candidate. Neither Rand nor Bernie stand a chance simply because of the lack of mass media coverage they get off of Reddit, and the RCP polls show it. Reddit's intellectuals have spent the last two weeks accurately outlining why Hillary is a terrible candidate and how the Clintons are corrupt - and yet, she's still leading by a landslide. Nancy Grace broke the Casey Anthony story and everyone hated her and determined she was guilty from their living rooms (and rioted when she a jury found the opposite) *because the TV said so.* Zimmerman shot Trayvon and the former was automatically guilty *because TV said so,* the Baltimore cops are all guilty *because TV said so* (despite prosecutorial misconduct which no main channel is reporting) and so on and so forth. Every day, impressionable Americans - even those who are college-educated and upper-middle-class - make decisions about politics and criminal justice based solely on information they are given by an *organization that exists solely to twist information for favorable ratings.* And those people elect your president every year. Furthermore, minorities will vote within their own ranks: how many people do you think voted for Obama simply because they wanted a black President and Cain was too crazy? The same will happen for Hillary because they want a woman in office and Fiorina's too crazy. I met a girl last week at the Congressional baseball game who was chanting about how she was ready for Hillary. I asked her why she liked Hillary so much, and her answer was that she just hated Republicans and Hillary was a woman. She knew nothing of Hillary's policies, history or background. Just that she had a vagina and (D) next to her name. Not too long ago at work another girl at work was all pro-Hillary and I asked her why she was set on Clinton -- she, too, hated Republians, and "Hillary's the only Democrat running." This was well after Bernie's announcement. I'm sure you'll tell me that these people aren't representative of 300 million voters, but here's the thing: they are. They're a microcosm of our society which is largely low-income, under-educated and easily pushed around by the mass media and which candidate has the most money to spend on ads. They aren't on Reddit and they don't subscribe to any think tanks. Reddit is, by comparison, a very small community of people who rally behind Bernie and an even smaller number of our own members here are actually intelligent enough to comprehend his positions and how they will affect the country, while the other 70% or so just join the hivemind because the upvotes said so. None of the other candidates stand a chance and the general will be a Bush v. Clinton showdown simply because of their funding and media coverage. Optimism is overrated and stupid. Anyone actually wasting their resources donating time and money to the other campaigns thinking that they have a prayer of being successful is simply delusional and all of that time and money will go up in smoke in a few short months. TL;DR Be realistic. Realize you live in a country mostly inhabited by stupid people. And don't be sassy if you want people to engage you in civil discourse.
Thank you. Glad we could end this on a positive note!
They'll appeal it and bribe their way out for either no fine at all or a significantly reduced one. If they bribe someone with 1% of this amount, they can get out of it for way cheaper than the full deal.
You'll probably want to do that anyway; AT&amp;T just got rid of upgrades/contracts, so now you *have* to do their shitty installment plan.
It's pretty rough. I landed at 11pm and I barely got a driver who was sniffing around Centreville which is just barely in range. Edit: Talking about UberX here. UberBLACK is there for sure because that's big $$.
RIP Ron's inbox.
It's a shame the Washington Times is so fucking polluted with ads and dumb shit that I can't read the only voice of reason in this city. I much prefer it on my doorstep. Their website is ass.
[Most states only require one party's consent.](http://www.vegress.com/images/vegress/notification-map-550a.jpg)
For reference: http://www.vegress.com/images/vegress/notification-map-550a.jpg
[It does in most of them.](http://www.vegress.com/images/vegress/notification-map-550a.jpg)
Haha. Didn't notice that. Guess they forgot to shade it. I'd imagine it follows the same laws as mainland MI though. :)
I just canceled cable TV. I got a super nice $60 antenna from Amazon that picks up stations in HD from 50-100 miles away and $9/month for Netflix. Easier on the wallet and the brain. I don't need to watch what Big Cable wants me to watch on their schedule. On Demand at a cheaper price and no ads or bullshit.
Technically it's based on "consent," meaning you have to give permission. However, it's pretty widely accepted that by just telling you, if you don't object, you're consenting. You can not consent by hanging up the phone. Unfortunately, I don't think a single call center in this country will go "oh ok sorry, we'll turn off the recorder" and do business as usual. As with most companies, it's their way or the highway.
Red line, hour delay Blue line, 12 minute wait Silver line, who lives that far Orange line's where I left my car Yellow line, totally boned Green line, guy stole my phone Metrobus is a piece of crap MetroAccess, eh not handicapped WMATA those fucking whores *I can't take it anymore*
DC obeys Federal Law which is one-party notification. The few states on the map that are two-party are allowed to set that rule under states rights.
That's mainly gonna be what they say. They're going to say "well I'm sorry, but I can't continue the call under those circumstances" and disconnect with you. Some will even disconnect you for recording *them*, even if it's legal: they like to think it's a one-way street when it isn't and shouldn't be. You would, however, have legal recourse if they said "ok yeah sure we'll turn off the recorder" and they didn't. Any agent who tells you that they're turning off the recorder is probably full of shit. Your average call center agent doesn't have that kind of power...it's all being recorded at a central server they can't access.
If you have one in the US, you can usually contact your embassy in that country and they will arrange for you to get the proper licensing to have it in that country. You can get a firearm on a plane very easily if you're doing it legally. Unload it, case it, and tell the check-in counter person "I'm checking a firearm." 99% of the time it's "neat, okay," 30 seconds of paperwork and it goes to the belly of the plane. TSA doesn't care as long as you don't have access to it during the flight.
Can confirm. My GF's dad is a jacked Marine who can kill you by sitting on you and has more guns than BudsGunShop. In HS, she would frequently show up in class with black eyes and bruises and the school would assume it was her dad because he was buff. No, her dad treats her like a princess but they were both being abused by her piece of shit crackhead mother and her dad was honorable enough to not hit back and too poor to kick her out.
Honorable enough to not hit a woman. Furthermore, if I wanted your opinion on my girlfriend's family history, I would've asked you.
You have a lot of faith in the system. It's almost like you think it works. Edit: Sorry for triple post. Appears my work Internet farted.
I posted it to corroborate what the user above me was saying; not to invite a group of neckbeards to offer their opinions on someone else's personal life.
If choosing not to hit someone because of their gender is sexist, then I'm as sexist as they come. Some of us still have values. Clearly, you do not.
You weren't there. You're passing judgment on a scenario you know nothing about other than a very brief summary via an Internet forum. It's easy to look back on it and talk shit, but in the moment, I'd love to see how you'd react since apparently, you're a superhuman king of all things moral and can instantly snap into action when faced with a difficult decision.
I work part-time at Apple. We verbally warn people at least twice before doing a repair if they don't have a backup and then they even sign a legal document saying that we aren't responsible for data loss - then when it happens, they will either cry or scream for a manager and demand financial compensation. I just don't have pity for it. If there's something crucially important on your device, back it up. When the technician says you should go home and back it up before attempting a repair, you should probably do that too. The fact that you were too lazy and/or impatient to wait and do things the right way doesn't entitle you to free money when the expected happens.
I still don't recall asking for your opinion. It's not your life to interfere with. If you're so motivated by this issue, get your MSW and find work in the field.
&gt;You're no longer restricted to parts of Capitol Hill and NW to live in. You never were restricted, you were just smart. I still won't live in SE until the news stops reporting a murder every other day.
No, I posted a corroboration of my parent post's point. I didn't invite you to offer your opinions when you have no life experience, certainly weren't there, nor any credentials that make you an expert on the matter. You're right, I don't get to decide who speaks. But it's called respect, and clearly, you have none - this is why you're unsuccessful and on Reddit in the middle of the day.
Any systems administrator will tell you to make backups of your backups. If it's critically important, just iCloud isn't enough. Back it up to an external drive, back it up to Dropbox, etc etc.
I've seen some sketchy figures in Eastern Market too. And let's be honest, there's more crooks on the Hill than there are east of the Anacostia.
&gt;I can tell you in about 50% of those cases that icloud was being a hero and backing up their device without them knowing. If they bought more space for $1/month. My average customer, although living in the 3rd wealthiest county in the US, is too cheap and expects their 5 GB free trial to back up 4 million photos of their daughter's graduation.
I'm familiar enough to navigate most of DC (that I'll go to, at least). But if faced with someone trying to mug me, I'd rather be in VA where I can be armed. Not trying to be controversial, but personally that's how I feel when it comes to my personal safety.
I've lived in Arlington/Ffx County for the past 3 years and the worst I've heard is shoplifting. I've never heard of any violent crimes happening ITB in VA. (Herndon is a whole different story, we should jettison that place off the planet)
I know we're all about empathy, but I'm just jaded now. I will straight up tell them it was in the agreement you signed. "I didn't read that," well you should, it was legally binding.
&gt;...and you're not on reddit in the middle of the day? I was on lunch. I'm now in between meetings waiting for a 4 pm to start. &gt;You defend outdated "values" as if they're something to be proud of. Non-violence, yeah, how deplorable of me. &gt;I'm replying to your comments while waiting for my test cases to finish running. A software tester! Thanks for verifying that you're a neckbeard loser, as if your wildly liberal outlook wasn't enough information. &gt;yet you think you're somehow better than me. I don't chime in on people's familial problems and judge them based on it. That definitely makes me better than you. Certainly more respectful of others. &gt;HAHAHAHAHAHA and you think Ted Cruz and Mark Rubio are the only viable options ...no I don't. Link me to where I said that. Ted Cruz is a crazy Bible-thumper. I align with Rubio, but he doesn't stand a chance. Sorry, some of us think you should work for what you earn.
Yeah and that's the first I think I've heard in years. Outside of that, the news is obsessed with all the crime in DC and I think a friend and I were battling one time about this and I had found the crime reports for the VA side and it was dramatically lower despite nearly similar populations. Also she was in South Arlington which is almost just as bad as SE, but at least you can be armed there.
&gt; on the article "Rand Paul, Ted Cruz, Marco Rubio give evangelical conservatives viable 2016 options." I commented that their website was a piece of shit. Not that I agreed with them. &gt;You're a joke. I make more money than you, have a better job than you and have a more loving family than you. I've got it made; I won't lose any sleep based on what a loser Reddit SJW thinks.
I'm 22 and graduated college last year - since you like to creep through my history, I would've thought you gathered that, but okay, old man it is.
&gt;And you still think that, as a college grad, you having a higher paying job than a current student in an internship is impressive? I have a higher paying job than probably your parents combined and certainly highest in my graduating class. Here's what you don't seem to understand: Respect isn't something you *have* to earn. It's something *everyone* deserves. It's called having values, and like I said earlier, you appear to have none: and for someone who thinks that our generation is too young to warrant respect because we haven't "done shit," you sure like to get on your soap box and spout your wisdom from your life when you can't even pay a bill with your own money yet. The sooner you realize that you should be respectful of everyone by default, the sooner you might become successful in life. Until then, I guess it's good you're in training to be a code monkey - you'll make decent money by being a social pariah until they offshore your job to India.
&gt; And those "code monkeys" you're so superior to built everything you're currently using, from the operating system on your phone and computer to the messaging inbox where you feebly try to inflate your own self worth, and those "code monkeys" contribute to society more than you ever have or will. I'm aware how we got our innovative technologies. I used to be a code monkey too; I'm well-versed in C++, Java, Python, PHP and I dabbled in SharePoint administration because much to my chagrin, the real world still uses Windows. But you can't make a career out of sitting in a cubicle for 8 hours a day, typing away, talking to no one, and we've already seen that they can do it cheaper overseas so there's less and less demand for someone who can just code. That's why I double-majored in both CS and business and now work as a technology consultant supporting the DoD: double the money and a chance for advancement within my organization and very rarely do I ever write a line of code. I come up with the ideas and then hand it off to the poor bastard who only makes $60K to sit in his cell all day and type. I imagine you trying to act like my job is beneath everyone else's is a factor of your own insecurities, and that's okay. I'm still not losing any sleep, and you're keeping me entertained while I wait for the idiot sysadmins to get my VE back online. (I'd do it myself, but they're really protective of their hardware that they can't seem to maintain.) &gt;You're on the losing side of history buddy, watch. Ooh yeah, rich white males, we've had it bad for a while! Please, we'll both be dead before the world is even half the way you want it perverted.
&gt;Again, you know nothing about me, my ambition, or my career path. But I do know a lot about how you conduct yourself from this conversation, and I can see that you lack professionalism and tact. Most jobs, unless you work for some hippie startup in San Francisco, are still an old boys club, and if you want to succeed, you toe the line and still treat people with good, old-fashioned, 1960s respect. The workforce, at least in DC, hasn't much changed from how it's portrayed in Mad Men. Get used to it, or get used to $30K at a startup incubator.
Ruth's Chris in Fairfax Corner does an amazing job with this type of thing - not exactly close to IAD but also not exactly far. The only disadvantage is that the room is free, but the menu pricing is much different - expect to pay 170-200% the original cost per item. LPT ask for Edwin, he's the best.
What did you think the jumbotrons were for? Though, there are a lot of restaurants that choose to put their menus on flat screen TVs when the prices never change, so maybe I can't fault you for not knowing...
Transurban has kind of gone against what they told VA they would do. The original deal was that rates would be based on traffic IN the lanes. But they've started raising the rates based on congestion of I-495 proper. I've seen rates as high as $11-12 but the express lanes will be wide open without a soul on them.
In DC, yeah. In VA the average is more around $500k
You sure you were on the right 495? It was jam-packed until 10:15 for me today. Took Gallows from Annandale to Tysons.
Can confirm. Can afford, too much of a cheapskate to do it. Quite frankly, the added cost of living *in* Tysons is probably less than what I'd spend using the Express Lanes to get to work if I lived in Annandale/FFX/Springfield, and then I have a 3 minute commute.
Laugh all you want. You're the one fighting the uphill battle here buddy, not me. I've got money, a beautiful home, a beautiful girl and job security...if that makes me a petulant child, then I am more than willing to accept the title. Thanks for the lunchtime entertainment, and good luck with raising the minimum wage and all that garbage :)
Give me some of that action. 4:30, Rosslyn-Foggy tunnel.
Hmm, non-violence, but wishing death on people. Yeah, you're definitely not a hypocrite.
So this happens regularly at the Martinsburg MARC station, especially on weekends when the only train coming through is a 10:30am Amtrak. The city police are the only ones with the keys and they were too incompetent to unlock it prior to the train coming. We all stood outside and heard it sounding it's horn, so we literally jumped the fence to go down to the platform. (Not as great as it sounds, the fence is only 3 feet high and is much like a farm fence you can hop, but still.)
I know that my department specifically focuses on cutting-edge technologies, rather than antiquated stuff...but I'm specifically in an innovation department, whereas over 90% of my firm gets its revenue from a separate department which probably what you're experiencing - anyone with a pulse temping for the gov't, basically. Part of me almost wishes I was in that department...then I'd only have a 40 hour week.
Shit! I misread the terms of the bet, I thought we were talking about arcing insulators. I guess I did take the long odds on this one. Oh well, higher payout if I win!
MTPD seems to think they know better than just about anyone.
I had an incredibly liberal teacher in college who gave me a C on my final paper with no commentary as to why - and it was actually really spot-on - presumably because I always questioned her in class with a more conservative outlook. I went to the dean and he asked to look at the final paper so he could grade it himself. He gave me an A. The teacher was fired 6 months later (for other reasons).
Clearly you don't live near Washington.
We were recently house hunting and Fairfax and Reston had a lot of properties $350-400k - and that's only 15 miles away. Chantilly and Sterling are cheaper and that's when you're getting closer to 30 miles. But the ones we saw in Reston for ~$375 were walking distance to Wiehle Metro.
First off, it looks like MPD isn't even competent enough to publish statistics, since the latest report they have available 7 months into 2015 is a report for 2013, despite Arlington and Fairfax having 2014 reports ready to go, but okay, we'll backtrack: http://mpdc.dc.gov/sites/default/files/dc/sites/mpdc/publication/attachments/MPD%20Annual%20Report%202013_lowres.pdf http://www.fairfaxcounty.gov/police/inside-fcpd/pdf/fcpd201213ar.pdf Using FFX because the population is greater than DCs, where as Arlington is about 33%. *Just* looking at 2013 since FFX's report spans 2012 and 2013, DC had 41 homicides (out of ~600K pop.) vs. Fairfax with 8 (out of 1.1M pop.) So in my county, we have *twice* as many people but *one-fifth* as many homicides. Additionally, DC's report shows that in all but one district, homicides went up at a rate over 100% from 2012; in Fairfax, they went down by 50%. Downvote all you want, but I've seen the facts and the numbers do not lie. We've got more people out here and somehow less crime. Maybe we have more values out here in hillbilly Virginia, or maybe it's just that our cops actually put down the donuts/cigarettes long enough to do their jobs. Couldn't tell you. But the point is, the data shows that there is no good reason to live in DC if you enjoy living. As soon as you cross the border, your rate of survival drops significantly.
Careful, this is /r/washingtondc. Metro can't *possibly* be overpaying incompetent employees, sitting at a desk doing nothing is really hard and deserves $80,000.
PSA about the people who switched to the exit ramps at the last second: It's just a road, people. You can get back to where you're going if you miss your turn. NOVA has this culture of "I can't waste an extra 1 minute" so they risk their lives rather than just going around the block, or up to the next exit, or letting their GPS reroute them.
Additionally, I feel like FCPD could reap some mad revenue if they just posted an on-foot officer at one of the corners of Leesburg Pike in Tysons - so many people blocking the box so that the other intersections (Westpark, Gosnell, International, etc.) can't get out. They could literally just walk up to the car blocking the box and hand them their ticket through the window, no cruiser needed. Capitol Police do this in DC.
Unfortunately, the DC sub spills over to the suburbs frequently with articles about my neck of the woods that interest me. Also, it's great fun to remind DC residents what a cespool they live in.
I lived outside of Pittsburgh for 2 years. It's literally the worst chunk of society. They're all ignorant addicts. This guy looks like he's visiting.
That's gold, and I have to wonder if it's real that those guys could pick up a car.
They did. There was a primarily-black salon on here a few weeks back that shut down saying they couldn't afford the rent due to gentrification. /r/washingtondc cried it's bleeding heart out.
I've never seen a traffic light take 4-5 minutes to cycle. It's a minute and a half at most, it just seems like forever when you're not moving. But even to play devil's advocate, a 20 minute mistake is better than a 20 second crash that causes injury or damage to your vehicles.
I'd imagine once the plates are considered invalid, you could be pulled over for not having a proper plate.
I don't know why this is being downvoted. This is great. I'm glad justice was served. Just goes to show that nobody can be trusted anymore and that people are only professional when there's knowingly a tape running.
I'm just thankful that his knee-jerk reaction wasn't to toe his party line and introduce crazy gun control measures. One of the key reasons I live here and you'll never find me with a DC or MD address is the firearms policies here. Edit: Sigh, typical, liberal Nova downvoting.
If they're offering free plate exchanges, I think they would, considering you can order plates online. I got vanity plates on the DMV website and never got off of my fat ass.
But has terrible ass service. They lose my mail regularly and have rude customer service because they're unionized and immune to being fired if there's a formal complaint. Fuck that shit. I prefer to do business with FedEx and UPS where there's actual recourse when they lose my shit or give me bad service, and I've never had to seek recourse because I've never experienced either from private couriers.
They can't even get my mail sorted properly. I'm getting mail for the apartments above and next to me, and they're getting my mail. I opened a PO Box in a *different city* just assuming it was *that branch* that sucked balls and had similar issues. They're wildly incompetent and the union makes them impervious to being shit-canned for sucking at their job. It's laughable that anyone would want them to handle their *money.*
Why?
Pretty sure truck nuts are still legal.
Was it the last bus of the night? It very well could have been early. I've found that the bus schedules are mainly for decoration and their NextBus equipment usually falls into disrepair. Also, the 10B looks like it's made of plywood. It may have been taken out of service by termites.
You may want to try listing them on StubHub. The day of the event is usually when people buy, especially for coveted tickets like yours that you're not asking huge profit on. You could probably get away with adding the service charge, especially since it'll negate StubHub's own charge for selling on their site.
Good point. I don't think you can. In fact, I'm pretty sure if you go to sell and you don't have a PDF to upload, it will tell you sorry because it's too close to the event.
Survival of the fittest.
Found the anesthesiologist.
Maybe if the government used funds responsibly... I saw Brickman today planting flowers in the median of Tysons Blvd. They sure as shit aren't doing that out of the goodness of their heart...why is FCDOT spending money on stupid daffodils? Whatever the vendor is charging them probably pales in comparison to a road, but it adds up when considering all the other worthless shit they buy.
No it won't. Hillary won weeks ago. I'm not fond of it, but if you think anyone else has a prayer, you're crazy.
Eh I've got more money on Bernie keeling over before HRC, but we'll see.
That's because MD has the highest property, vehicle, alcohol and other taxes in the entire DMV area. A house in Arlington is $600,000 but that same exact house in PG is $350,000... but you'll end up paying through the nose on the taxes.
...Tysons Corner isn't a city. Like 70% of Fairfax County, it's just a bunch of stuff that happened to spring up together. The only incorporated cities/towns in Fairfax County are Fairfax, Herndon and Vienna.
Color me surprised.
&gt;I would hate to work for you. Fired for being expected to have ethics? FTFY, I'm sure you'll do great in a real job.
I have - in food service, but the same principles applied there. I fired someone for taking home the leftover cupcakes at the end of the night. They were being thrown out anyway, but the principle stands that you didn't pay for them, so they aren't yours to take, and the employee could not be trusted.
In my region, the more expensive communities are just that because they're safer and have less crime. An apartment in McLean, VA will run you $2200/month but that same apartment 10 minutes away in Fort Washington, MD will cost you maybe $600/month... the difference being that, for whatever reason, there's a shit load of crime in the latter and the criminals are either too lazy to come over our way or our cops are just really good and sniff them out before they have a chance (I honestly don't know). Unfortunately, a lot of people turn to crime because they are low-income (this is not always the case, but it frequently is). Those who are low-income who aren't criminals also include white trash who have tattoos all over their face, stay up partying until 2am on a Tuesday, and have loud arguments with their out-of-wedlock baby momma. In the end, there is a *very small minority*, at least in my region, of low-income welfare users who are just people down on their luck, trying to get by and who keep to themselves. Most of the ones I've run into are just pieces of crap who I don't want in my community. I pay a premium price to live where I do so that I don't have to put up with that shit. Maybe it's elitist, but there's a good chunk of America that is stupid and a waste of air that I just don't want to be around. As a middle-class recent college grad, I'm not a fan of my uppity neighbors who double-park their Mercedes Benz's and carry their dogs around in their purses, but at least they make less noise, ensure I get a good night's sleep and don't smell.
[A double decker Megabus did this](http://www.syracuse.com/news/index.ssf/2010/09/at_least_two_dead_possibly_mor.html) a few years back despite **13** signs.
Did a ride-along with my sister who is a deputy. "Oh shit" button was exactly how she described it.
Where is this supposed to be?
&gt; So they give out these short shifts and have you work less time per week so they can avoid paying benefits. This is what happens when things like Obamacare come in and try to set rules for people working longer than 30 hours. Businesses exist to make money, not to take care of you, which is why these policies don't work...they *will* find a way around it.
&gt; vote with our dollar: shop at the stores that do it right and take care of workers as employees: e.g. Costco I do vote with my dollar. Costco treats their employees great. It's a shame they disrespect second-amendment rights and post no-CCW in their stores, so I canceled my membership immediately.
So it's brilliant to vote with your dollar for employee treatment, but dumb to do it for my right to protect myself?
Why can't they both be equally important? Quite frankly, I can carry in Costco whenever I want (I live in a state that says businesses who say 'no guns' can be ignored), but on principle, I don't want my money going to a business that thinks so illogically. I signed up with BJs who does support gun rights and who, as far as I know, still treats their workers reasonably well.
Sorry, but I'm more worried about my safety than I am about whether or not a store's employee can pay their Comcast bill. I'm more than happy to pay extra at businesses that treat employees better, but not if they disregard my rights to personal safety. Walmart respects those rights, even if they disrespect the employees, which is why they have my business more than Costco.
If my concern for my safety is dumb to you, then I apologize that you're delusional enough to think that I would prioritize living wage efforts over my own personal safety. If you're willing to leave yourself unguarded for a cause, that is your choice, but then you deserve it when you're mugged or otherwise attacked.
/u/nerdfacenyan recently had this in DC. Apparently if they forget to key it into the system, it does just disappear. However, there are stories of tickets that come back to haunt you 9 years later when they're found...whether or not that's legal, I'm not sure, but 7 on your side was talking about it a few weeks ago.
Business protip: Empower your employees to make decisions. I work part-time at a company that repairs smartphones and they give us a lot of leeway to decide what repairs we do and do not charge for. Even if it's obviously broken but the customer is in tears/can't afford the repair, we can cover it under warranty as a one-time good customer service exception. Our ability to make those decisions and not have to toe the line of the terms and conditions makes working there not suck. EDIT: And I forgot to add, it makes me more likely to be ethical and charge full price when I should to keep the company in business because I don't hate them.
That's why I got an antenna. I spent $70 on a very nice, high-range AmazonBasics antenna (basically one month of cable service) for news and sports. Unfortunately if the game is exclusive to MASN or ESPN or something, I'm screwed, but if it's on one of the local news channels, I'm golden. This works because I live 5 miles outside of DC, if you live in the burbs YMMV.
I'm talking about the manufacturer's warranty, which doesn't cover accidental damage - the customer dropping their phone isn't our fault, the CEO didn't knock it out of their hand, etc. So legally and quite frankly from a common sense standpoint, there's no reason in the universe we should have to cover it. But we do in extreme circumstances where the person is really screwed and can't afford to replace it.
Self-checkout is starting to decrease because of the outcry that it's taking away jobs.
[No, not really.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Toe_the_line)
I work for a Fortune 50 tech company. We've got enough money that those few million bucks to keep customers happy is a drop in the bucket, especially when it leads to tens of millions of dollars of more business from those people staying happy.
Believe it or not, at Walmart they do. A few times when my items are rung up at the wrong price, they can correct it on the spot. They use reason code "4" which I imagine is a generic CS code to allow them to change prices on the fly. It's not worth fetching a manager over.
The company I work for where we have this wiggle room is a Fortune 50 company and we interact with more than one million customers every day, much less per year.
You get what you pay for. That's why I don't believe in these movements to raise the minimum wage. Businesses aren't dumb, if they want good people to represent their brand well (like the company I work for), they pay a fair wage. If you want someone who hates you and who will treat customers like shit most likely, pay them $7.25. Walmart is somewhere between those but on the lower end of it, and personally I don't see the problem with that because it's their choice to hire people who have no knowledge of any of the products or basic customer service skills. On the people side of it, make yourself valuable and not a dumb asshole and you can score a job with one of the retailers that will pay you double what you make now to take care of their customers.
When the trains stop moving for various reasons, driving probably is a better choice. People who own cars take Metro because the Metro can continuously move in its own right-of-way and not get stuck behind 20,000 other Metros because its rush hour. But if the trains aren't moving and traffic on 66 is... we have some re-evaluating to do.
*Engineer Conductors take tickets, engineers drive trains. The conductor is the orange crescents and the only update they can give is "fthuwump"
That's not how pedantry *works*!
Oof. Your morals are much better than mine! I don't think anything would move me to Maryland.
It was a Star Wars reference
He would, I forgot to mention this.
Why do you guys hog the left lane when not passing, never have your headlights and taillights on in fog or rain, and leave the snow on top of your vehicles instead of clearing it off for safety?
Northern Virginia is very much more liberal than the rest of the Commonwealth, and in fact the Prince William County line is right about where the numbers change drastically. A lot of people on this sub wish we'd secede. I like the fact that I can live in civilization with skyscrapers and shit to do but still have a firearm, so you're not alone.
Larry Hogan is very smart, he's sending all of the drug dealers and rapists here to Virginia!
* Crime * Terrible drivers
