I don't have those settings on.
Want to trivialize PTSD? Post this sort of bullshit. OP apparently knows noone that's served in the military.
This community is extreme shit and threads like this prove it.
Now your level 2 skill spamming game is that much more powerful!
Players: 1 Balmung: 0 when's round 2
2002s and 5006s on main menu now. Aether dataserv
The voice acting before was pretty mediocre, but a big shift in all VAs is pretty jarring at the same time.
S-Still getting 2002s on Aether? So much for a nap fixing the issue... 5006s too.
I've never seen it refresh the position of the queue every update.
It'd probably be nice if they didn't pack all of the mondo superservers into Aether.
Because you're probably not actually spending half your time just trying to log in. Because they would've had the same problems without early access. Launches for popular games are very commonly rocky, and often much worse than this--these sorts of remarks serve absolutely no purpose.
Probably not that much worse. How many people are there really that want to play HW but wouldn't go for the preorder bonus?
Males are fine, if having a lot of weird hair styles / sometimes faces. Females are pretty much the worst. Fight me.
that was code for "quit dressing up your female character in underwear" or maybe "get off the computer you're too horny"
None of you got PTSD from playing a video game. Quit being childish. The fact that you think that's totally fine to joke about really speaks for your collective character.
screenshots seem to take off a few pounds
inundated with off-peak, 9 AM logins
As far as what is familiar to me, [female highlander 7](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rXytHnEdHtM#t=18s) is fairly subdued, but what irritates you and irritates another is generally going to vary widely. There's lots of videos on youtube of combat voices, though some are harder to find than others. [This channel](https://www.youtube.com/user/0Zbox0/videos) seems to have a majority of them, even Au Ra.
I've never personally seen people gripe too much when cutscenes happen in dungeons, but I don't personally like to make people wait, typically.
now solo titan normal
With regards to whether or not cash shop things are RMT: if it's an in-game item you can exchange for in-game currency, generally not actionable. If it's something out of game (such as a code for an item like the Moogle costume from a couple years ago) and you are trading it for gil, that counts as RMT.
You have to have a Zodiac Zeta weapon to skip any of the Anima quest line. Anything below that will do nothing. ARR relics have no bearing at 60 besides letting you skip the Atma 2.0 part of the HW relic quest.
Diadem interest dropped off long before 3.15 because it is boring and unfulfilling + the fact that they nerfed 210 drops. Relic had little to do with it.
I got the impression that was perhaps *the* low pop server, but it really depends on what you're wanting to do. I personally don't get in PF activities that much, so there wouldn't be a big difference between Coeurl and Balmung necessarily (less ERPers to avoid?)
just think of how many invisible walls they'd have to remove
You get 3 allowances every 12 hours, so 6 per day. Leave allowances are shown on the Timers pane with other stuff like Challenge Log and Supply/Provisioning resets.
Greyish, but erring on the side of "no" because a recruitment code is not handled anywhere in game. Stuff like EB rings are generally ignored because you actually trade an in-game item, but stuff like selling Moogle suits from the fan event from a couple years ago is not allowed because it's an out-of-game code. GMs will restore one item only per account ever. Generally don't waste it on replaceable things.
You talk about the Poetics bonus farming for Anima bit (at least it sounds like Anima) as if it is a one-way deal and the people who have never cleared Coil get absolutely nothing out of the experience. Poetics bonus is a pretty accepted way to get some quick resources for Anima, and I do not see the justification for you deciding for other people who are evidently fine with getting to run Coil for the first time whether or not they are being exploited. It's also cute the way you feel the need to point out that the ~*~female FC leader~*~ is using her ~*~sexual power~*~ on the poor FC members. It sounds to me as if you are predisposed to disliking this person, at which point it is easy to view what could easily be normal behavior as cliquey, exploitative, and/or whatever the fuck you call that sexist shtick. Sounds like lone wolf behavior to me.
The only reason DRK might have an SS breakpoint (and the only sort of reason any class has SS breakpoints usually) is to get an extra GCD during Blood Weapon for extra MP. However, last I checked, this is rarely talked about so the benefits don't likely outweigh the drawbacks, which is greater TP loss. It's not likely DRK has a high SS stat weight. Parry is generally regarded as largely useless. Passing up VIT accessories is a bigger problem for tanking than passing on Parry, but a vast majority stack STR accessories. You don't need parry--passive mitigation isn't important in XIV's tank meta, and it's especially irrelevant in this raid tier because most heavy tank damage is magic, which cannot be parried.
Are you using Bane? He may have been griping about single targeting as a SMN if that's what you were actually doing. Usually you start every pull applying your DoTs to one target, then casting Bane after Bio I goes on. You only do Ruin (or Ruin II) as a filler spell. Ruin is by no means a powerful direct damage spell, but you don't just stop using it completely either. Anyway, not only should you typically not need to see the tank's target, but trying to follow the tank's target is counterintuitive because tanks (especially when leveling) will swap targets a lot mid-pull to make sure they have sufficient aggro on each target. A good tank should be able to keep aggro off you regardless of what you target as a SMN since your specialty is AoEing. [Here's a thread about target's target for console, otherwise.](https://www.reddit.com/r/ffxiv/comments/2jsvd7/ps4_targets_target/)
Nobody needs VIT for leveling.
Since you're not trading for an in-game item, GMs would more than likely qualify this as RMT.
i mean ideally they will actually do something creative with blm and not Fire 2: Electric Boogaloo forever
People on average are just way less good at games than you would assume, being someone who is at least decent at them. Stuff that may seem plain as day to you could be esoteric to someone with 0 experience with the genre. Friend I tried to get to play simply could not get a grip on the game. He'd never done any KBM / WASD games before, and the controller experience was needlessly convoluted compared to a different genre of game.
No, unfortuantely.
If it's available, Unchained -&gt; Overpower is the same enmity as a Steel Cyclone, and obviously you can do more than just one. It was probably a mix of there being a gear discrepancy and you being inexperienced with dealing with a gear discrepancy. Sometimes cooldowns like Unchained and Berserk can be necessary to keep aggro off good players if they are much better geared than you. Long term, I wouldn't be too concerned.
The cast bar game of THM/BLM is more akin to casters in other MMOs. The slow GCD feels shittier subjectively on a Melee with all instant attacks. It's one way to deal with the issue.
Next to never see Diadem farm parties on Balmung. There's usually gathering runs happening multiple times a day though.
Storm's Path can be applied by a WAR at any time, and they can do so while OTing. Reprisal can not completely reliably be applied at any time, and you can only use it while MTing. It is objectively inferior. Just because Dark Dance makes it more likely you will parry doesn't mean it will proc when on command. If you've done any crafting or gathering you would know how draconian this game's RNG is. DD doesn't "promise" you anything other than broken promises.
RMT is virtually nonexistent on the super high pop servers cause they're never open.
the undercut war still wageth on
what color is the tinted glass that produces these sorts of comments in response to a silly monkey hat
Most melee are going to start off pretty simplistic that early on, though Pugilist gives a better indication of what Monk is like later on than the other melee do with their respective jobs. Dragoon very much has a static rotation sort of feel to it. They have high mobility later on with various jumps. They also get more directional heavy as they level from 50-60, where there is pretty much no reason to be anywhere other than the flank prior to 50. They have pretty good AoE burst, and generally middle-ish sustained AoE. They're one of the preferred picks for high personal DPS melee since they bring Disembowel which buffs the Machinist/Bard at no cost to the DRG. But, in general, you will probably have to give any class way more than 20 levels to get a good indication of what it plays like. Save for tanking, very few classes have a lot to do in that level bracket. For healing: since you are troubled with simplistic gameplay being boring, definitely Scholar. There's a lot to manage if you want to be a great Scholar between your non-reactive shield-based healing responsibilties, DPSing, and micro-managing your pet.
They probably wouldn't in this situation where the chargeback would be very deliberate.
Any option to hide the Disqus panel? Really has next to nothing to do with what I'm using the site for and I do not care for it being there. Also bugs me that it's taking up even more real estate than the old version.
Also having this issue. Worked just fine before--unreliable now.
So basically they made the shit stink less. Shit seems like a weird thing to soapbox over.
From what I've seen, most statics don't seem to raid more than a few hours a night. Whether or not it's casual is more determined by how many nights a week they run.
BAWWWW.
Pretty tall order for Copperbell Hard.
probably uncut jade. your lenses seem not terribly functional!
alright, having had some time away, i'm willing to give it another go with new perpsective &gt;i dont hate disabled people but they make great punching bags for when i need to denigrate someone's lack of intelligence, except, dang, doesn't insulting someone's intelligence tie back tho the whole, arhhghhh, agh, i hate knuckled-dragging neanderthals
In addition to the other information here, unless you absolutely need the extra range, pulling with Overpower is more enmity single target than pulling with Tomahawk at only 10 additional TP.
One is the launch OST (simply "A Realm Reborn OST",) and the other is stuff that was added in patches, titled "Before the Fall." AFAIK, the HW one is the only soundtrack that's "been" released on iTunes.
If you heal well, you may not have a need for it most times, but the general consensus is that it's mandatory. Prioritize how you see fit, but place it up there on your list of things to knock out. Some players may get surly if you don't res them because no Swiftcast did not enable you to do so. When something goes awry in a group, it becomes very apparent when the healer doesn't have Swiftcast.
At least your two identical skills are brand new and not carbon copies of skills you already had like WAR and BLM. XIV isn't known for its bafflingly intelligent game design.
What's your ideal situation here? People telling you there aren't too many buttons, allaying fears about playing a class people don't approve of? Is it somehow more gratifying to play a class that gets the Whiny Player Seal Of Approval over one that doesn't, even if it is perfectly functional balance-wise?
A majority of seasonal events don't require higher than 15 at most, and non-seasonal ones usually aren't level cap either. The recent FFXI event was the only event I knew of that required as much as level 30.
There's some old information about leveling FCs, but has anything changed the best ways to level FCs in 3.x, especially solo?
Try having some fun with the server. There's a guy on mine that regularly enters a PF listing offering "free advice."
[Plot prices by server.](https://i.gyazo.com/769eaaa0b1a8c096921cbdcdd4c69d54.png) [Goblet plot grades.](http://ffxiv.consolegameswiki.com/images/c/c7/The_goblet_plots1.jpg) [Lavender Beds plot grades.](http://ffxiv.consolegameswiki.com/images/6/67/Lavender_beds_plots1.jpg) [Mist plot grades.](http://ffxiv.consolegameswiki.com/images/c/ca/The_mist_plots1.jpg)
don't talk shit about my andross hat
I have a small FC that never really has more than 4 people on and we run Rank 2 actions all the time without running out of FC points. The people you were playing with were evidently shit.
only has a DS3, grumble grumble
that's placing some burden on a group of people that literally have no power over another. you can try to convince them to improve, but in my experience, a vast majority simply don't give a shit
They said they were working on an app ages ago that would let you talk to your FC via mobile, but it's been missing from the radar for some time now.
Food for thought: since the topic is about having specializations for classes and the person in question is wanting to queue as a DPS, maybe the idea is for WAR and DRK to have DPS specs that aren't inferior to other DPS classes--you know, just like most other WoW-style MMOs???? wow incredible concept Here's another one: average DPSers are terrible at this game and a good DPSer playing a tank can outdamage them with ease. And, finally, tanks having DPS specs doesn't break queues in any other MMO, nor would they in this game just because your attitude about WAR and/or DRK aesthetics is shit. Shut up.
&gt; 4.0 It won't.
Like most classes, you will have plenty of time to break Ninja in before it gets complicated. Their priority is Dancing Edge (slashing down) &gt; Shadow Fang &gt; Mutilate &gt; filler (Aeolian Edge.) This basic info should keep you busy until 46, at which point you can look up end-game Ninja guides as your rotation will basically not change before 60. The main thing to remember going from MNK to any other melee is using a GCD like a DoT will break your weapon combos, as they are not stances like MNKs. The main con is that NIN is going to have lower personal DPS than MNK. NIN is also more TP inefficient for drawn out encounters, though recent changes to NIN TP costs alleviated this a bit. They also have pretty much the worst AoE of the melee classes. Pros involve probably being the most desired utility class next to a BRD/MCH. Trick Attack is great for total group DPS. Shadewalker lets your MT do much higher DPS openers since they don't need snap aggro. NIN DPS can be very bursty, so they can take out adds quickly.
It's confusing cause they flip flop on this a lot while leveling. In the 20s bracket, Iron Scale gear is technically DRG gear, but when it drops in a dungeon, only PLD/WARs can roll for it, and they expect DRGs in this bracket to use DoW leather.
this shit seriously makes me hate mmos a little
watch out the male penis aggression parade is in town look i can use body parts as a pejorative too
I totally forgot this was something Champions did. I'd kill for a Deliverance aura that wasn't exactly the same as Defiance, or something to make me hate spamming Souleater less (ESPECIALLY THE SE SPAM.)
It'd been having some on-and-off difficulties for the past couple weeks last I was using it a lot. It'll probably be back in a few hours.
As far as HW gear goes, if you have the upgraded i130 IW stuff, that will last until roughly 55. If it's only i120, you can replace it as early as 53.
https://nz.reddit.com/r/ffxiv/comments/418iwv/saturday_megathread_011616_ask_your_final_fantasy/
I recently spent a lot of time in the 15-26 bracket, and almost none of the tanks were any good. It's a cringeworthy experience to me when someone is obviously new and has no idea what they're doing, but is totally silent when someone else starts telling them what to do. So, when the tank comes around to "Hi, I have no idea what I'm doing," that's a lot nicer since the assistance is at least solicited. I think most people are surprised when a new tank is self-aware enough to talk about how their Riot Blade spamming doesn't work.
DRK's stun is off-GCD. If you're using a stun and it's not interrupting, then that's probably because the devs thought giving melee tons of oGCDs stuns that do damage was a great idea. If you have a lot of melee in your group, a lot of times the primary targets will quickly be stun immune just from them DPSing.
Relic items move pretty fast even on low pop servers in my experience. If crystals and clusters are at least 1:1, those are always needed by crafters. Dawnborne Aethersand, in my experience, was also pretty safe. Wouldn't count on vanity items like pets.
How about being a healer and having to fuck around with your keybinds every time you sync below 54? I hate that people virtually never talk or complain about this. Syncing would be less of a pain in the ass if they changed the way syncing works to bring people with 60 skills more in line with the sort of numbers unsynced players actually do in that level range. Yes, there's some abilities that would simply be too strong by nature for the content in question, but who cares about balance in fucking Copperbell? A tank isn't even required for a long time because content is so trivial, and it'd only be a real problem when you sync to too low levels. FFXIV is literally the only game I've ever played that takes away your character progression when you sync.
DRK does slightly more when tank stance is needed, WAR does slightly more when tank stance isn't needed.
It remains to be seen if they'll do anything about it, but literally all you have to do right now with WTFast is make new accounts every time your free trial elapses. You don't even have to reinstall it in my experience.
They are pretty much "straight corridors." The maps in ARR are hilariously linear. If you're inbetween Whitebrim and Dragonhead, then yes, the two essential directions you can go are east and west. If you go north or south, you'll run into a wall in less than half a minute. Same problem between Dragonhead and Observatorium. Basically north and south only. And there are -a lot- of maps like this. What is nice about the HW maps is they are essentially the size of CCH, but entirely filled in. Also, just because it's better than 1.0 doesn't mean it's good.
I really like big overhead slash animations, so Power Slash is usually my go to for crying all day cause I have to spam fucking Soul Eater instead.
I think the context here is important. At face value, most people will say yes. However, it is often asked whether or not people should progress through all of ARR's dungeon and raid content before getting to HW. The answer, in that case, is usually "no," as the items you would have spent so much time on are very easily replaced.
Convalescence is only for spell-based healing. It's pretty much exclusively for increasing the amount of healing you receive from a healer. It's especially nice for Scholars because fairy heals are not huge, so using Convalescence often gives the Scholar a lot of freedom to DPS more. Also for Second Wind: it is based on your attack power and Berserk modifies your attack power instead of your damage. Berserk usually almost doubles the size of Second Wind.
Cross-classing is barely supported. If it didn't mean having patch up classes' toolkits to take it out, they would've probably done it already. So: the only reason it still exists is because it lets them do less actual game designing.
As a Ninja, please for the love of god implement new skills. I've never played an MMO where the devs looked at a class, went "they're fine," and gave them nothing substantial in an expansion. I don't think I or any other NIN player wants to be doing the same rotation for all of XIV's lifespan.
Whatever's listen in their sale history. Probably around ~250k if memory serves with anywhere as high as 325k. Less if you're grabbing it NQ for glamour or ilvl doctoring.
Other than the obvious (seasonal and event items, class quests,) probably not. XIV doesn't have a lot of different armor models for leveling and I don't believe there's any general quests that give unique models If there were, you'd be able to buy them back on the Calamity Salvager if you lost them.
I pay attention to the story stuff where it seems worth it or meaningful (which it isn't always,) but I don't play for the story. I get the interest in it from that crowd, but being someone who does a lot of reading and writing, XIV's story is really not that special between an array of snoozey RPG tropes and the limitations of what you can do with storytelling in a game (much less one targeting a fairly broad audience.) Its importance often seems overly elevated by some.
As someone working (and thus usually living) overnight on Aether, this would probably make it even worse than it already is. Unless there's an obvious benefit, I wouldn't be quick to make any changes.
Not true, but they are slowly filling up eventually. There's 3 smalls just in the ward I'm in on Mateus without even looking at any others.
Confirm that Jenova is weird and has virtually no housing in spite of being one of the lowest pop.
Wouldn't hurt, but your i210 stuff pre-3.2 is with capped tomes that are going to be uncapped post-3.2. I personally wouldn't bend over backwards for it.
[change of heart?](https://nz.reddit.com/r/ffxiv/comments/3ftmve/red_script_change_you_missed_the_point_entirely_se/cvk1gra)
Even 2-3k will crash the price of a 70k item extremely quickly if there is more than one person getting in an undercut war with these principles.
"Horrid" is an exaggeration, but some perspective would probably go a long way here. If you are happily selling something for days at 70k and people are buying it at a healthy rate, then someone comes and stsrts flooding supply with listings almost half that price, then suddenly you aren't able to sell that item -at all- unless you want to sell it at half the efficiency you were before. Many people aren't willimg to do this, especially since there is no promise at all that they won't undercut you again in a similar fashion. That is often not worth your time, and having to scout out new markets over this is aggravating, especially if the item in question is rare and isn't the most in demand (as is often the case on lower pop servers, where, yes, this sort of undercuttong is extremely damaging to sellers.) There's also the issue of item worth. You say it only costs 2-3k to make, but this is not the only factor. You spent time and resources leveling crafters to be able to make this item. What is your time worth? What about the gil you spent to level that craft? Just because it costs me basically nothing to craft an HQ Ishgardian Muffin doesn't mean it's appropriate to sell it for 200 gil. Finally, a lot of people are simply too lazy to make items themselves, or have largely expendable amounts of gil. Demand defines itself--who are you to decide what an item is worth over the people buying it? I don't understand the "I don't craft for profit" bit. If that's the case, then why are you listing items on MB? If you want to give things away to your friends, then give them away. I do it all the time--but don't disrupt the game's economy over it. And don't throw a "i'm just gonna crash it to spite these guys" hissy fit over it either, because they're not the only people on the server impacted by you crashing the item. Look, it's not okay for people to harrass you over markets, but I think your attitudes would piss a majority of less confrontational sellers off. Also, things are priced highly on this game because it has no meaningful gil sinks besides houses, so there's shitloads of inflation. Don't attribute it to "wow sellers sure are scummy" just because you don't understand the game's economy.
What constitutes "a high level?" The only difference between fully upgraded Eso and BiS (both i210) is that some Savage pieces that are better than Eso. Obviously BiS is better. You don't need Savage gear anywhere other than Savage, and if you're running Savage, then the question is a moot point because you will have access to Savage gear.
Bottom line: let it go.
Um. They're people. Just because the mods pretty much selectively weeded one side of the argument means the other side isn't human?
You will never have a complete guarantee that your feedback will be read by someone working at SE. Making this promise would be a great way to make people angry when they still arbitrarily feel they aren't being listened to. Either take their word for it that they are listening, whether it's the OF, here, the Suggestions box in game, or wherever, or don't bother.
&gt; I mean, I rarely even SB with my piece before I get a new piece. That's not a surprise given that the SB system is awful and only got worse in HW.
Why bother soliciting an explanation? It's not relevant at all to the topic. The point is to talk about set bonuses, not split hairs about how the stats on the gear aren't good. That's useless when you're talking "what ifs" anyway, since obviously you would also establish that the set would be an increase with your amazing hypothetical power.
They are pretty much all the same room with non-transparent windows.
As far as I know, leve allowances accrue normally even while unsubbed.
We brought you two dungeons, four raid bosses that will be too easy, and a primal to keep you busy until July. Please look forward to it.
thanks! they are correctly targeting me with the warning for that section
what i thought this post was going to be
Knowing a class well isn't knowing the game well. This logic is fine. Requiring a 60 in each class will generally increase the likelihood that people who are mentors will actually know jack about the ways classes interact with eachother.
i cant wait to look like a burned chicken nugget
so much for "no overmelding" if this speculation pans out, plfti
&gt; tanks will wamt to meld STR into the VIT accessories. actually they will want to meld VIT or STR on whichever accessory doesn't have parry. their 'tank DPS fix' is no cure-all
Outparsing mediocre DPS is a challenge?
The megathread pretty much exists for often obvious questions. Don't browse it if you're just going to shitpost in them (which you do not infrequently.)
Move pretty regularly on Mateus for 250-300k. I know I sold Fracescas at 600k once.
There's some cave nestled away in Central Thanalan where refugees appear to be growing illegit things, but I don't remember how exactly it's dressed up. If you go to the river where the efts are east of Blackbrush, it's in the north cave. I don't think "drugs" are ever referenced besides, to my knowledge.
a confirm prompt for sorting your inventory jesus fuck
A vast majority don't do anything meaningful with stat distribution, and due to stat points not being well scaled up for HW, they are worth a lot less in the expansion than they were in ARR. The only instance that someone might do something other than their primary stats is if a BLM needs some extra Piety to enable a stronger Fire 4 opener, which any race that isn't Dunesfolk do.
I always do trials. They rarely take longer than like 5 minutes and never feel like work (unless it's Steps of Faith...) Especially when you're a tank, it's 10 lore a day for almost no time at all.
Maybe when he's complaining about negativity, he's complaining about stuff like this: &gt; I mean people are criticizing the fact that blue sentinels/darkmoon are practically the same convenant. This is simply a flimsy argument. The obvious purpose of Blue Sentinels is to give people access to the invasion co-op covenant or what have you early in the game, to correspond with the Way of the Blue being early in the game. When you pick apart that Blue Sentinels and Darkmoon are "practically the same covenant" (pro-tip: the *are* the same covenant,) that sounds like nitpicking and looking for an excuse to complain about something. The overarching problem seems to be that there's no Blue Eye Orb. I get that, and can see why it would be a frustration. However, eternalizing wishy-washy complaints about how Blue Sentinels' mere existence as if it's taking up a limited number of covenant slots--which it's not, a new covenant would not magically materialize in Blue Sentinels' place--looks simply like you favor whining over acknowledging the obvious reason Blue Sentinels exists as implemented in DS3. &gt;By this point I feel like OP is stuck on graphics not being praised enough in DS3 or something. Additionally, dismissive conjecture about someone else's view makes you sound like you're fucking whining.
I'm really not super thrilled about the idea of simplistic grid maps, though it's hard to say how much that would impact the experience. Obviously it'd be nice if they were at least anything greater than the most basic level of random generation possible. I get that it can be tricky to make randomly generated maps look good, but one doesn't have to look far to find other games that do just fine work with it.
&gt;they don't want the player to become bored then why are they making relic quests the same old tired grind from ARR
What gives "forceful" light for the Zodiac Zeta step?
A) Anything at all B) Literally anything at all come the fuck on SE
theyd be 4 star instead of 3 star anyway
People need their shitty crotch pant glams.
Even if his numbers were relatively stronger out of box, he doesn't really do anything. He just attacks the tank, puts a few splotches on the ground, and uses a scripted AoE one time.
You pretty much can't add mainstat to -any- socketed item, much less the HW raid gear. Gear always comes with fully capped mainstat and Vitality. You can put, say, INT on your STR gear, but there's absolutely no reason you would want to do that. The only 'exception' to this rule is tanks can pick up Vitality accessories and meld them with Strength (and vice versa with STR accessories and VIT materias,) but even then this isn't really an exception to the rule of "mainstat and VIT always come capped without melds."
Labyrinth is i50, Circus is i70, WoD is i90. Pretty much nobody will complain about bonus in these, either.
They've stated on multiple occasions that they are listening to people's concerns that it's too hard to fill out mansions with the current item limit. I think the general understanding is they would like to expand it but have made no current promises. I'd say it certainly wouldn't hurt to try to get a large in any situation if you have the gil for it. They have very high resale value if you decide you'd rather scale down later.
People have often suggested they would have to merge housing wards in order to merge smaller pop servers, but it's mere speculation. SE has never talked about either of these abd thrre's no indication it is technically possible, either.
You may consider holding out until 3.3 launches, as there will certainly be a patch for it after. It's possible it could fix your issue.
i will spend the 24 hour maintenance being barfy about the looming housing armageddon and probably screwing around on dark souls 3 to detract from the former
It's crafted gear, and specialist is a decent probability. They specifically said it won't be red scrip. It is possible it could take red scrip materials, however. I don't know if there's been confirmation that they are making new right-side items. As for what to expect? The gear and its associated materials will be absurdly overpriced for the first couple of weeks. It'd be a good time to sell instead of buy. There may be an increase in demand for crafting materia. All of this also goes for gathering, of course, though I think the gathering demand is generally lesser, pending on server pop.
absolutely none of the other big name MMOs, for starters
This is really not comparable at all. Subdivisions in 2.4 is far from the same thing contextually as new wards in 3.3, namely that there has been a very long history of unfulfillable hoising demand on almost every server in 3.3 that was not present in 2.4. There's also way more gil in the economy now, and a lot of people have gil for houses that did not have it in 2.4.
what capes
ive always wondered what this is supposed to be imitating too like do they sound like darth vader or something
rip
Their login / patch server is completely offline, which is the only way to download the game. It should be back in around 6 hours or so.
New dungeons might get me capping for maybe 2 weeks, but I do not foresee tormenting myself with it further.
i always make void ark a game of "how far can i get without pushing a single button on SCH before someone gets angry" when my newer friend needs farthings and im dome to death with farming VA for my alts hard mode is when i turn off party and cant see anyone's vitriol
I've had servers come up and arrstatus not alert me after a 15 second update. I definitely don't trust it for this sort of server rushing.
If you're not in an FC, there is no FC or personal dialogue. After you click Purchase, it's just a yes or no dialogue. Not sure if being in an FC but not having permission shows it.
Are you suggesting it only does this on dx11? It should obviously work fine, but there's nothing wrong with using dx9 if it doesn't work properly. What GPU is this? Have you tried loading up an older driver for it?
i have never noticed this. TIL
If you have an FC, you can have two. You can only have one personal house. Any number of your friends can share their personal house with you as long as they aren't already sharing with 3 people.
Lodestone finishing early still does not necessarily mean that game server maintenance will finish early.
There's a compelling argument for SkS for DRK (more MP from Siphon Strike, an extra GCD in Blood Weapon) due to how it directly increases potency via Dark Arts / mitigates DPS loss from needing Dark Arts or Grit for tanking, but official stat weights for DRK aren't known. It's basically dependent on just how ass Determination is, especially since the usual "don't run out of TP" bit is still a factor.
And they all feel just as gross as you do!!!!!
i am desperate for the orb mount take my money se
ah yes this infinite hellgrind will bring much-needed genuine helpful mentor blood to the roulette
[pf](https://i.gyazo.com/3e1ef2d786229673825c4a3581707148.png)
I was recording Goblet to see how fast the houses around me would disappear, but it was taking too long so I went to Mist, then logged out to switch back to dx11 and never got back in.
Technical woes: Ever since the day before patch, XIV appears to be causing periodic framerate throttling across my entire computer if I tab out to do other things (unusual functionality.) The most obvious indication of this is if I tab out to my browser, scrolling through pages will look like shit for 5-8 seconds any time I go to a different page. This doesn't happen with XIV off, and did not happen at all before a few days ago. This was *before* 3.3 launched. If I drag shit around on my task bar, even that looks like it's being throttled to like 30 FPS for several moments. Similarly, if I tab out and do something, then go back to XIV, framerate is like 30 FPS, but if I have the system panel open, it shows 80 FPS throughout, even when it quite obviously isn't. It doesn't matter what my settings are (I noticed this on min settings dx9, usually play on max dx11. Obviously I noticed it when my framerate was 30ish on min settings which there is no way my hardware would push those kinds of numbers.) I also notice that OBS is completely unusable now. I used to use it to do 1080p60f video, but now (without changing anything) it can't push higher than 5 FPS when it records. Nothing renders at higher than 5 FPS (but usually nothing at all--still image or 1 FPS) when I'm using it. What's the culprit here? I have an i7-4790K, 2x4MB DDR3 1866MHz, GTX970 4GB GDDR5. Tried reinstalling, updating video drivers; nothing.
It logistically makes no sense development wise, either. They invested time and money to make the mount (even if it's a carbon copy of something else, someone was paid to prepare it for use as a new item,) but then set it up to where virtually noone will have it. Okay? Good investment?
Game is censoring his feeble attempt to duck out of raiding.
&gt;Foresight For...magic damage?
the sincere circle paranoia of the ffxiv player
PLD is good at tanking Physical. DRK is good at tanking Magical. WAR is good at tanking both. The main thing is they buffed PLD's DPS to make them less unattractive and quit pandering so hard to DRK.
Please stop redirecting me out of subreddit filters. If I'm using something like nz.reddit to filter certsin content from a subreddit, I get redirected to m.reddit and the filters are lost. That's annoying.
balls? circles? should i stand in them? i heard he wipes you if you dont stand in them
[how to fix attitudes](https://gyazo.com/76b007d46d0267fabb1e9549dabd8846)
I'm pretty sure that's why that's there on some videos, yes. If you're using standard capture software using a PC, it's not there. Also, nobody's going out of their way to add it manually, because SE is not going to humor the idea of policing every single video of their game on the internet to see if their videos are being attributed.
Just because it's designed to be grindy doesn't mean it's not a shitty design.
[literally the first result if you google "weeping city macros"](https://www.google.com/search?q=weeping+city+macros&amp;oq=weeping+city+macros&amp;aqs=chrome..69i57j69i60l2j69i59j69i61l2.1652j0j7&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;ie=UTF-8)
They don't need videos as proof of people who are hacking in-game. They have tools on their end that would indicate any abnormalities in their client. Just report it like you would anything else and they will likely be gone next wave of bans.
Been some time since I played WAR, but what would you do differently with a 10 hit Berserk?
They've sinced buffed PLD. If you were decently geared (some catch up to do if you really did last play before Gordias,) you shouldn't have issues holding aggro on average.
I remember thinking "these encounters last for fucking ever" when 3.2 was new as well. It won't last for this either.
Friendly unsolicited advice is still unsolicited advice. You may mean well, but you only have so much control over these sorts of people. You can't control people's reactions. As long as the game lets people like this skirt by doing whatever they want, they are pretty much going to do whatever they want. I find it far from worth it in practically solo-able content like Halitali.
You're placing the burden of someone else's reaction on OP. The bottom line is the OP has no control whatsoever over how people will react to things.
even the "patient" players get surly after x number of wipes. i may be privately annoyed with how things are going, but if I have to tell someone what they're doing wrong and what they need to be doing, it's always matter of fact. a vast majority of people i see, however, take an irritated tone, or are even straight up confrontational "calling your mental faculties into question" is far from necessary and is not a mentality / attitude that exists in a vacuum
it is when the standard for average content is "competent players get bored and quit the game"
By your rules, the dice isn't new. It's a "don't do anything" mechanic. When you hypersimplify mechanics to their most rudimentary components, nothing is new. The entire point of the original comment was that the mechanics as they are implemented are very different contextually in how they are applied simultaneously. I'd add that factors like "well you've dealt with meteors before but have you dealt with meteors while trying not to fall off a stupid ring that you are scared to use movement skills on"
I think the joke is you are expecting underperforming players to remember mechanics from Dusk Vigil, but **there was absolutely no compelling need for them to learn a mechanic like Whirling Gaol.** Getting sucked in can be fixed by the healer every single time. If there's no real repercussion to not doing a mechanic, there is certainly a portion of the playerbase that will absolutely ignore it 100% of the time and take nothing away from it. Same thing with any reference to Void Ark. Did you forget which raid you're talking about? The repercussion for failing a mechanic in Void Ark is usually "you get hurt," not "you can't clear the raid." You can almost do literally nothing and get carried through Void Ark because it's so snoozey and people farming it would rather get in and out than waste minutes scrutinizing someone who's not doing what they are supposed to. Your entire argument revolves around the fact that the offending players in question already know these mechanics but they're 'just too stupid to get it right'--but they *don't* already know these mechanics, or else they wouldn't be dying to them. The game doesn't teach you anything other than "what I do besides hitting the boss is highly inconsequential."
really because i wasn't that interested in skipping over a week's lockout over "i dont know how to brush off week 1 content not going perfect"
absolutely none
when i must hit power slash more than just once
short answer: maid fetishism
A code is not an actual in-game item, so you could most likely get in trouble for this. Best to keep it outside PF.
DOWNLOADING CODES... 42% COMPLETE_
Your sworn allegiance is not so easily severed, treasoner.
ah yes seeing this in game *and* the front page of reddit
That video really needs a timestamp. Are you referring to the part at about 5:00 in where they are doing the bomb dance? As far as changing the way a face looks, there really aren't a lot of options. You can select the face texture / type (which, as you've noticed, requires a bit of race/gender combo fishing around.) Beyond that, you can change some of the shapes of the eyes from a set list, shapes of the nose, eyebrows, mouth, and chin. There's no sliders for faces. You've having a lot of difficulty *because* the CC is not super advanced, not despite it. Options are limited. [You can make one of the Midlander faces look Asian-ish, though it may not necessarily look like you.](https://i.gyazo.com/e3113786d9a6ac3be48be865e8dcca75.png)
Au Ra and Miqo'te both have extremely exaggerated facial proportions. "Anime" and "Asian" are two very different things.
Nobody needs a source on this.
when you do a fly-by on a fishing fat owl and are forced to wait while he does a shitty fat owl waddle
Do people usually have specifically *inventory space* problems? I've seen how my bags can get real messy fast while trying to craft for only moderate lengths of time, but I don't find myself on average wishing I had more inventory space, only retainer and armory space. Another thing that miffs me about the inventory/retainer/armory/whatever space problems is that there are three full squares of slots for key items and who has ever had anywhere close to even one? I hope this isn't part of the purported strain on data volume caused by inventory.
I dislike that Aquapolis is comprised primarily of loot that was previously attainable through other means. What were previously weak markets are now completely dead markets. The items that do drop that are unique to it are worth quite a bit, but there just aren't enough of them. It doesn't help that interest in Aquapolis is currently quite high so markets are oversaturated with supply. I don't think they should nerf it, but I would like it if its reward system were more unique. Absolutely do not make it more RNG, though. What a terrible suggestion. SE already slathers on the RNG thick in this game. Nobody has fun with bullshit random number generators wasting their time.
* DARK KNIGHT looks happy.
Your house is not going anywhere for several months, especially if your break happened after 4/19 and had 45 days on its demo timer when demo was suspended.
When you use a piece of ewuipmemt in battle or while crsfting and gsthering, a meter fills on it called "spiritbond." It's the white bar on the the item's icon next to its durability bar. When an items SB gauge is filled out, you can convert it to materia instead of vendoring it or just throwing it away. Combat gear eill convert into any battle (or resistance) related materia, and crsfter / gatherer gear converts to their respective materias only. The grade (or strength) of the materia depends on the item level of the gear. The people you see "breaking down items all the time" might be doing Desynthesis, a separate system for crafters that breaks down equipment into materials. There's no strings attached on this system, so it is not rare to be bulk scrapping many items in a go.
I haven't been able to post there in like a year because of "unable to confirm session" errors when trying to log in. The OF's mediocre all around.
phew
here's another for pretending this sort of downvote behavior is exclusive to /r/ffxiv
This could just be a comment in one of the 8000 other threads about this. Seriously.
I'd really like to see this in-game cause then I wouldn't have to dig around my crafting log to find the item I want to craft.
Not allowed on paper, but there hasn't been any widespread talk of people getting punished for it, just like ACT parser. Don't talk about it in-game and there will probably be no incident. Nothing has changed from before your break. It's not a super popular application and doesn't come up that often.
