And 9 years after the battle of the Beanfeild, Thatcher introduced the 1994 Criminal Justice bill, completing the demonisation of hippies, ravers, youth culture and those that just dare to be different.
Don't you tell me what I can do or not do. I'm going to give you an up vote because I have no idea what the solution to your problem is.
Ha - I'm going to up vote this as well now even though its a reply to a post that has been deleted. All hail chaos!!
Cost of living up, income down to 2000 levels, increase in VAT, Wife lost her job due to government funding cuts - small adjustment in income tax threshold.
I'd go all out for the [dick move](http://www.gear4music.com/PA-DJ-and-Lighting/800W-PA-Bundle-with-Power-Amp-Speakers-and-Cables/ODF) personally. Crank it up for a week then politely ask to discuss noise reduction. Edit: I don't give good advice!
So, a family with 2 kids is going to get £440. Does anyone know of anywhere in the UK you can rent a 3 bedroom house for £440 p/m? As an aside, if you have a few quid, now is the time to convert your property to a B&amp;B and charge £60 per room per night to the council as emergency housing. Your going to get a very good return for your investment...
&gt;“Hundreds of schools, often in disadvantaged areas, are already being turned around thanks to the help of strong academy sponsors" Really,I thought only the first schools to go through the process of acadmaisation were only just starting to go through OFSTEAD inspections. I remember reading that about 63% of schools that had been acadamised were now doing worse that they were before they were privatised. That said, there is an issue with new academies being counted as new schools and a few changes to OFSTEAD so quantifying any loss or gain before and after is, I believe almost impossible anyway, so however you look at this, Morgan is speaking out of her arse again. On a personal note - my kids school was acadamised and it's gone down hill fast. Unfortunately there appears to be no way to sack the academy in charge or swap them for a different, more able provider.
It saves the government money, negates their responsibility to provide education (if it fails) and you can make a shit load of money if you supply the academy trusts.
&gt; If they don't like a trust, they can leave it and join a different one. How does this work in practice? There certainly isn't a complaints procedure in place out side of the trust itself. My kids school is run by an Academe Trust and we (parents, governors and staff) seem unable to find *any* way to change them for a different, more able provider.
Good or bad, a job is a job, but it does look like the NE is the only place in the country where unemployed family's will be able to live.
high-quality jobs.... that are deeply involved with the international arms trade.
Thanks for the reply. The contract / agreement is very wooly and was signed I believe by the LEA.
Oh! Yeah... Ummm my bad!
Hmmm... Still think I might retire to a beach in Mozambique though.
I would agree with you but unfortunately circumstance sometimes dictates that an ideal situation is not possible.
Thanks for the reply
HaHa... I can tell you don't have kids. Threat my arse. Produce a "Fun / Treat sized" anything and you get to see a whole range of emotions from quivering lipped disappointment through to violent rage. On the other hand, get a normal mars bar and just it up into six equally sized (but smaller bits) and they are more than happy.
Not at all. Its weird though because I can cut up a mars bar into 6 equal bits and they love it, even though its about 10% smaller than an individual fun sized one. Its like they realise the whole fun sized thing is a con and would prefer to share the standard sized one. Mind you, it might just be the older ones trolling me and getting the little girls to back them with violent protest. Pro tip - Never train females to be strong willed and confident individuals.
Personally I stopped smoking when I couldn't get hold of resins easily.
Don't be stupid - With GCHQ watching us and plans to remove the human rights act, the government is working damn hard to make sure there will never be a revolution. All you are going to get is a deliberately ill educated working class watched over by a ruling elite. Anyone with half a brain and a chance of escaping will have left to live somewhere else.
Neither is cutting benefits for the disabled, monitoring the entire population or scrapping human rights. Admittedly the housing crisis and explosion in zero hours contracts is subjective though as a lot of people are making a lot of money out of exploiting both. As I said, it boils down though to what you call a "functional country".
Fair enough. If someone told me it was spicy chicken, I would probably eat it regardless of how much or little I had had to drink. Fucking sea snails though - that's just minging.
Apple crumble is a good idea. I'm meant to be showing them what great food we have here and you want me to serve them gurle like some 13c peasant? I'm from Cornwall and not Scotland. I don't have to make them eat stuff like that!
As a family man myself, I would go for both options.
:(
&gt; What's wrong with chillies Nothing in my book although I do have form for making kids cry with my food. Alot!
And if you go to any farmers market (livestock not yuppie) you can get a whole chicken for £1.00. OK its a bit fresh but if you can't prepare it you shouldn't eat it.
&gt; afternoon tea Yeah good one - afternoon tea! Clotted cream and scones. I can't believe I forgot this! I'm trying to do as many "traditional" English dishes as possible so I'm staying away our normal fair which is mainly Mediteranian / Middle Eastern / Asian for the most part. Saying that though I might do a Pad Tai and Chicken Satay for some of the breakfasts as I'm running out of ideas that stretch beyond cereal / gruel.
&gt;fresh fruits, salads and home cooked meals with plenty of colourful veg As per normal then (we are smug "cooked from scratch" fuckers down here in Cornwall) :) Anyway, as the resident pro foodie - can you recommend any traditional regionally appropriate dishes? (I have to say that otherwise haggis will end up being mentioned)
Really? Can I ask why it doesn't sit with you? Do you not make a mental connection between a roast chicken and a living bird or do you just see it as something from Tesco you can bung in the oven? If it was a bad childhood experience, how do you distance your self from that and your Sunday roast? I'm not being arsey here but do I find this interesting. To me it seems very natural and normal (Upbringing I guess) and even my kids primary school annually raise a few pigs as a project and get them turned into sausages to flog at the school fate. Mind you, its a very rural school and there are a lot of farmers kids there.
Took the brood for a walk on Dartmoor. Had egg sandwiches and pork pies whilst the kids played in a river, then returned home and made some pizza dough whilst Mrs Dwair spent 30 minuets persuading the toddler to leave the safety of the car and come into the house. Cider planned for later.
Fair enough I suppose - I wouldn't want to kill anything that I had an emotional attachment to. The thing is, you don't form an attachment to live stock. They are like co-workers or something. Pets yes a attachment is made (and I wept for days when one of my 4 dogs had to be put down) but live stock I just don't have an issue with outside their welfare. As you say, its your upbringing and what you are used to. I guess my upbringing (ex pat kid in about 6 African countries) and then 20 odd years doing the same as an adult means fresh meat prep is very normal for me, but here in the UK we are completely insulated from the process. Half the stuff sold in supermarkets doesn't even look like meat let alone a bit of a cow, and you never see people slaughtering animals in everyday life. In Africa, its on every rural street corner. Get chickens if you can - they are great. Go to a live stock market and buy a bunch for a few quid and let them go free range. If you want to eat one fine - you have given them a bit od a good life. If not, its still fine and they will have a great time.
The thing is, as one of the most deprived and under developed parts of Europe, Cornwall gets a massive amount of funding from the EU - because the county doesn't get it from Westminster (hence being hugely deprived in the first place) Now some would argue that if Westminster didn't have give the money to the EU, Cornwall would receive more from central government. This is a great idea - only no one at Westmister has said they will match the EU funding, or even give any development funds at all to the county. As far as the Cornish can see, that cash, as it has been in the past, will be diverted to the SE.
No - I didnt miss the /s but I wanted hammer home the idea that parts of the UK ~~rely~~ on the EU to survive to those who didn't realise it and thought that payments to the EU were one sided. I grew up in Cornwall, lived for 20 years in Gwynedd and then moved back down south to Cornwall so I understand how hard it would be on an area if funding was removed.
&gt;Their judicial review challenges were the first to be brought against the coalition government's decision in 2014 to narrow eligibility for an award Not sure who else to throw the blame at as the Torys held dominant position by way of the vast majority of seats.
We, in the Dwair household, have started to use a numbering system as it means they are easier to keep track of. Saying that though, we use a lot of nick names too. At the moment the Toddler is being called "Arse Baby" and all the other kids have taken great delight in printing out loads of labels with this on it and sticking them on all her stuff. (She is called "Arse Baby" as she is firmly embedded in the terrible twos and quite frankly is being an arse most of the time)
Clever people with charts telling us how fucked and hopless we are.
&gt; Loss of a limb wouldn't stop me working. No, but a heart attack and mild stroke would if you work in IT. I has me, and I am no where near disabled nor count myself as such. Really, check your insurance as none of mine pay out as I wasn't "ill" enough not to work after 5 weeks but certainly ill enough that I had to fold 2 very profitable businesses after growing them for 25 years. Also don't count being fit and healthy living as insurance either - I actually tried to run off my heart attack as I thought 10k over the moors would "loosen" me up a bit and the fresh air would do me good. 4 years seeing what its like on the other side of the fence has shown me what can go wrong despite planning well and being self made, so wind your arrogance in a bit please. Edit - Oh yeah, I forgot. I also support 2 children and 4 step children as well - which used to be OK on £80k net a year
It might be safe and friendly but why does he keep his eggs in the fridge? I reckon that's a bit suspicious if you ask me.
So the UK is still the "Sick man of Europe" and we had to endure Thatcher for nothing? Great. That's really, really, great.
Undercover police pin down and shoot a brown person with rucksack in the head multiple times seemingly at random and in cold blood after following him onto the tube. The CPS decide that this is acceptable behavior. Much consternation and gnashing of teeth follows as the UK reveals its shoot to kill policy involving brown people and rucksacks.
Galloway is a dick but he is right. London *is* run by &amp; for the elite.
Disclosure legislation surrounding breaches is a fair point, however I feel that it is up to the individual company involved to make sure they metaphorically lock the door when they go out. That said, as Blue Coat point out - its still not going to stop employees telling people where the keys are kept.
Lots and lots of desperate people without jobs make for a good captive market.
Na - we just ditched Sky as there was very little stuff on that anybody watched. Thanks for the offer though
Fair enough - this really should be TheRedLion ^TM with fully accredited creators. Mind you, what with yourself and Moonies heavy handed and dictatorial presence in the wings and the continuous manipulation of content for your own nefarious ends, I can see how the grass may be greener.
Wasn't this discussed last year and it was decided the thing you needed most in your life was a large two handed broad sword?
This weekend I had man flu or TB. Not sure which but my chest actually hurts from all the coughing. Not my lungs, but the muscles round my ribs. And I have a throat like I have been swallowing glass.
Na - I'm with your brother in law on this. Compared to other trousers they are massively uncomfortable My other comment... &gt; They are cold in winter and chafe like mad when its wet. In the summer they are really sweaty and unless you get a really baggy and weird looking pair, you can't move your legs in them. Also the pockets are rubbish so you end up carrying a bag with you as you mince up the street like a bad parody of a 1970's Thai lady boy.
Gosh - Snowden is being smeared by officials and departments that he blew the whistle on! I didn't see that one coming. So basically the powers that be are trying make out that he's the bad guy and that it was wrong to disclose the nefarious and illegal actions of our government. In my mind that makes the nameless sanctimonious twats who prowl silently down the carpeted corridors of Whitehall, just that little bit more vile and despicable than they were before.
Humans - Yup. Lots of potential there. I will watch that and not only because Katherine Parkinson is in it (We likes 'er. We likes 'er in a special way we does) Have you watched Fringe? My self and Mrs Dwair got hooked on that last year and did 5 seasons over about 6 weeks.
I don't believe that /u/Samson--Strange is downvotes4 or any of the other Samsons for that matter. They are all different people masquerading as different accounts masquerading as the same person.
I fucking knew it.
You can't leave it hanging like that... How did it go?
Its all that inner anger mate. You need to listen to some Debussy or some nice 16c Choral shit in the morning rather than Thrash Death Hip-Hop or what ever...
Sounds good. Fingers crossed they are a Keeper. (Just don't shown them your collection of used litmus papers yet in case you scare them off)
Can we have a riot now? Please!
&gt;the internet age, the time of apathy So true, much sad.
Over priced and dubious quality then?
Descent food, workers rights, effective unions... that kind of thing guess.
Edit - wrong post!
Well done you! I couldn't imagine trying to do an exam with a migraine. I haven't had one in years thank god but I do remember them as being particularly vile and debilitating.
&gt; maybe if i stop being fat they'll go away though Na - I was very fit and healthy, had a great diet and all that jaz and it still buggered me up. Better to not miss the opportunity of pies now while you still can if you ask me. If the truth be told, what really kicked it off for me was Mrs Dwair proposing to me in the morning. 10am she's asking for my hand ect. By 12 I'm asking to be driven to A&amp;E as I felt a bit weird and had chest pains.
There are a lot of us about ;)
&gt; You are such an apologist No I just want you to explain why you think the Middle East is better now, post Blair, that it was before. If you really want a bonus question, how is this justifiable? Even if you just take Iraq, a single country - Unisef put a figure of 500,000 children dead due to collateral war damage and the effects of sanctions, how is this justifiable? Its no good idolising the man if you can't put up any sort of defence against his actions.
I agree and I'm the first person to oppose UKIP. Without smaller poo parties we are stuck with an American two horse race, and have the choice of the lesser of two evils. Ha - just seen the auto correct. I'm going to leave it though as its quite apt really :)
When something shits on you repeatedly from a great height, you owe it little allegiance. If you cannot change the system, all you can do is change your involvement with it. Emigration is a good option. Don't let a miss directed feeling of loyalty hold you back. The UK will not be loyal to you. Go abroad for a few years. I did more or less through out all the Thatcher years and THB it was great and I regret coming back 15 years ago.
Just one of the many reasons why leaving the EU is a bad idea.
Marketing / brand awareness done right by "[First day of spring](http://www.fdos.nl/)" a dutch marketing company. Pushing [Kipling](http://www.kipling.com/uk-en/) fashion bags.
No a good example. I don't think that the NHS has quotas yet, for say, removing sick people from the system by not curing them and letting them die. If this was an isolated incident I would agree with you - but its not. It could have also been rectified in the first instance - but it was not.
&gt; The country has rightfully decided that far too many people are living off the state. Wasn't it something like 32% of the people who voted - ie a small majority? Anyway - Who the hell is "You lot"? I always thought that "respect" was something that was earned. At least that's what I was taught and its something I am passing on to my children. I'm certainly not going to respect a government that deliberately the most vulnerable people in its society, nor the people that support it.
I guess that it depends on what laws that country has. Not that long ago they used to shoot people for trying to leave Eastern block counties.
Nothing wrong with a well worn growler having a molt.
&gt; Isn't there some kind of miracle drug out yet Cocaine?
The UK - Supporting and arming oppressive regimes the world over.
EEEKKK!! Glad you are ok mate - those things *really* scare me.
If this was by a friend or someone I knew, I would feel the same. Unfortunately its a whole lot more random than that.
Hmm - your the second person that's likened me to Bill Oddie recently. I'm not sure I like where this is heading.
The UK - Supporting and arming oppressive regimes the world over.
Bill the police and include a fee for the 3 weeks your car has been out of action? That way they might at least tell you who the other driver is.
Happy Birthday!! Have a good library. (E for Edana?)
Very little. I would guess that there are more than a few names at Lloyds who are senior FO staff and stakeholders at Tomas Cook. The travel company et al will have insured against loses created by this advice being given so I cant see "Sir Twonk" issuing a statement that is going to potentially cost him millions.
I did this 5 years ago. Had a bi-pass and got better although I'm disappointed I spent so many years going for a run and eating cabbage. Good luck with it all.
I mean... we *could* be attacked by giant space hamsters too...
"Never do today what you can put off until tomorrow"
Yeah - but its the latest Conservative government that has really gone to town on the whole idea. They are the ones rather than repealing the regulatory powers have strengthened them - and are seeking to make them stronger again.
This £13k we are paying in tax. Does this include VAT, Fuel Duty, Import Duty and Council Tax or is it based solely on income tax?
&gt;If the UK were to put more funding into staff and software tools to track transactions and build up a profile of users, it would help banks and other private financial services to do a job they've largely taken upon themselves. Said Keatinge. &gt; 70 transactions worth a total of $80,000 from 54 senders in 17 different countries between April and September 2014. $80k is not going to fund a war. $80k is chicken feed. It might however be enough to give the Police, GCHQ and god knows who else enough of an excuse to profile the general public with say minor tax fraud if they want. If the UK was serious about stopping funding, they need to look at controlling major sponsors - such as the house of Saud and other Middle Eastern pipelines from Kuwait and Quatar . This however wouldn't perpetuate the destabilisation of the reign needed as a smoke screen to protect those invested in maintaining a solid flow of wealth and oil out of the Gulf.
I just Googled it and found its more popular than I thought! You can even [mount them in Crocs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I-VCmaoU0G8)
Livin' the dream babe, just livin' the dream.
27.9 deg in my shed. The ambient heat from the servers is making it horrid :(
Yeah - but its the humidity that gets you. 27-28 in the UK feels like the 40's in a dry desert heat. Over about 45 in the sun and your sweat evaporates strait off you so you don't even feel very sticky.
Ha - I don't have mission critical stuff running very often, The shed is more a staging post between my clients, my work and places like Rackspace where it all ends up. With my internet connection only going above 0.5meg in the last 3 months, I could hardly be hosting stuff myself (its now 79.95 so I'm well chuffed :) As for VM's - I already use them quite bit for testing stuff. However, One widows box emulates my shared win hosting, one is a copy of a clients server, the Linux box emulates my shared Linux hosting. I have another box that deals with all my office stuff like exchange, git and backs up everything and throws it off site. My office pc connects to everything so I work on that. In the Right Corner I have my lappy that I use for Reddit and in the Left Corner I have a box running Kali Linux that the kids use for torrenting copies of Frozen and Yo Gabba Gabba (at least that's what they tell me they are doing with it) For the most part all this is laziness - I can work by just changing screens and clicking connect to xyz and jobs done. I could use a VM for it all but hot swapping environments all the time confuses me.
[shed pic](http://i.imgur.com/Fm8lKc0.jpg) For some clients yes, others I build bespoke websites or design db's for.
So I take it you live in part of the country lucky enough to have public transport and you are rich enough to be able to afford the massive hikes in living costs associated with picking and transporting your cabbages then?
Ain't no-body saying it's a lie.
What part of London? I generally visit West so usually Hammersmith / Fullam near to where I am going? If you want to be near a tube, around Barons Court is good for spaces. TBH I have never found London any worse than anywhere else for parking really.
&gt;FiL and BiL What are these? I am old and I don't understand youth speak. Edit: and by youth I mean anybody under 30
And reddit gets a little more like mumsnet every...
Pre-booking car hire and flights make them cheaper too - which was the point I was making, and why I was comparing standard fares. The cheapest I have seen Bristol / Marrakech was £7.50 return. I don't think I can get out of the county on that by train at any time.
Not Hull. Not random enough. How about Lagos
Yeah he is ok apparently despite his slightly creepy TV persona. A actor friend of mine has worked with him and said he was incredibly committed and professional with his Cbeebies stuff. It's a shame really as I would have preferred him to be a raging alcoholic diva given to tantrums and inappropriate behavior.
Enjoy Morocco
&gt; maybe the majority have no desire to participate in stupid fucking online petitions... I think this hits the nail on the head. I don't think many people outside the SE want to be associated with a Westminster government as its too detrimental to anyone but the SE, but online petitions have become somewhat of what of a joke.
Maybe he is a good banker but thinks Spain is nicer than the UK to live in.
I prefer the writings of Marks to Giovanni Gentile and Carl Schmitt so the finer points probably went over my head. Besides, since the Bae of Pigs, I have tried to avoid thinking about traditional Tory entertainment.
Just as likely to be a gay person, or someone who wasn't white, or someone who was white and just thought he was a wanker, or even a white UKIP supporter who thought he wasn't racist enough. It's not as though he isn't disliked enough by enough different sectors of society to just blame the leftys.
So does Wayshrines of Tamriel V2 work with followers? (I seem to remember the first version had an issue with this)
Thank you Moonie. I trust your domestic knowledge in this as you are clearly someone who knows these things
That's not weird at all. That is good organisation. I do the same but put it flat on top so I can press the contents of the bin down and get more in.
Spoons first? WTF? That's like a mental illness. Swap them for the knifes.
The best sausages I have had are the ones my kids primary school do as a class project every year. They get a couple of pigs, lodge them at a farm down the road to fatten them up and by Christmas they have been turned into sausages and flogged off at the Xmass Fair.
rm -r .git And pretend they were never there in the first place?
I agree that the original comment was badly thought out gibberish. World courts? We don't need those. All we need is a large crowd armed with pitchforks and flaming brands. (joke!) On a serious note though, I do feel that there should be some sort of legal process for those policies that deliberately make a mess of things despite the advice of experts, or maybe for policies that I don't like much or...fuck it. Who gets to decide? This is way too complicated to work out, bring back the pitchforks!
Seems to be little difference with the corn laws and current Tory policy though. Seems more like a re-branding exercise really, like when they change the name of the "War Office" to the "Ministry of Defense" to make it sound like a benevolent organisation.
&gt;An NHS England spokeswoman said: "These claims are wrong - more patients are getting the dental care they need, and 93% of people got an NHS dental appointment when they wanted one in the last 24 months." I have had my family on 15-20 waiting lists for over 3 years now. At this rate I am going to have to increase my search to practices over 60 miles away.
&gt;the waiting lists are some form of conspiracy It's the governments secret way of counting up how many poor people there are left. Once the waiting list hits zero, they know that all the poor people have died off or no longer have an address to register and their work will be done.
My Dad did this. He had a 3 week holiday to Bucharest and saved himself about £4k getting his knashers done. It caused a right storm in a tea cup when the local rag got hold of the story. From his experience I would recommend this wholeheartedly over British treatment if you have to go private.
It is but there is a weird unnatural dressing they use at my local that I love the taste of.
He got in the local rag on the front page and the head of the NHS Dental SW denied the cost of getting the treatment / costs details and got proved wrong. The local rag then started a vendetta against NHS dentistry and a campaign to get access for all was started. Our local MP took up the torch for a bit and things got better - only he got voted out last May.
Hmm...I lived on and off in Snowdonia for over 20 years before moving south and I can safely say that on the whole N.Wales is the most inhospitable place I have ever been. Really, Kabul and Eastern Congo have nothing on Caernarfon on a Friday night for bad vibes.
And if I signed the family up for BUPA I wouldn't have to bother the NHS at all with my or my families health problems. It is a solution but it only compounds the problem.
Fair enough, my last one used to reply to everything, even if it was a quick cut and paste from the party guidelines.
I guess you have never tried to use their self assessment gateway then. The bottleneck will be sending data to HMRC rather than your collection. Loging on to this system sucks. It's like they are using a dial up connection hooked up to an old 386 running server 2000.
&gt; frail sounding ?? I had you down as a loud, angry, shouty type of lass.
Sony Bravia TV's that only last 2 or 3 years, Turkish washing machines that last 2 years, Filipino microwaves that last about 12 months, semi disposable desktop printers that last about 6 months, Far Eastern cars that fall to bits after 120k miles... More to the point, these things are economically unfixable due to shipping half way round the world. Compared to 30 years ago, things seem to break far more readily. (IE my 30 year old freezer assembled/made in hull is till going)
That's rubbish :(
Late to the thread so I hope it goes OK for you today at the counseling. I got sent to counseling last year and I think overall it was beneficial and helpful. I had a few problems dealing with the impact of some health issues I have had and the occy' therapist I was seeing sent me along. Although I had never been to a counselor before, I'm fairly receptive and got a lot out of it. For me the gain was having someone impartial to talk to and guide me through the thought processes that has lead me to where I am now in my head and how to look at moving positively forward. That said I also enjoyed myself by playing "stock phrase bingo", seeing how long I could get the counselor to talk about themselves and not me, and trying to apply the weirder bits of Nietzsche to the session summaries. Anyway, Its worth doing the 8 or however many sessions. At the very least it will help you to put some perspective on your issues, at best it will set you off toward recovery with a good road map. Also well done with the fags!
Cheers. As an aside, the beard comb on the " Customers Who Bought This Item Also Bought" bit looks like a wooden nit comb. I hand ever thought of getting nits in my beard. I'm going to have to shave the kids now just to be on the safe side.
I find this quite amazing. Are people worried that something is actually going to happen to them or that just something will happen in the capital? If it is the later - fair enough. There is a small chance that a terrorist attack will happen at some point by some organisation or other. If it is the former, that people are actually scared that they will be indiscriminately targeted and hurt / killed in an attack, I worry for the mental health and gullibility of the nation. Do something like 4 million people really think it is probable that they are going to get caught up in something? Get a grip and worry about something tangible like an over worked doctor giving you the wrong drugs, being hit by a bus or something that is actual likely to happen to you.
Ahhh...1967 was a dam fine year then. Don't feel bad about it though - another couple of years and we hit 50. Now that is old.
Double Commiserations. Hosting a kids party with out copious booze in the kitchen and a mirror in the bathroom is an unthinkable faux pas.
&gt; It's all OK because Saudi Arabia is helping ~~us catch~~ finance the terrorists or something.
Friday night - delivered some children to their "other" parents for the weekend with Mr Dwair then went to the pub for dinner. Had a nice casserole with a flaky pastry lid, had a couple of pints and cheered on Exeter playing Liverpool. The Pub is now offering a 10% discount for locals which is nice. Then went home and fell asleep on the sofa for a bit and was in bed for 10:15. Love the mutt pic and love his/hers jumper. Our elderly Whippet has a fleece harlequin winter coat but your jumper beats this hands down.
God you are naive. How do you think all the BAE sales were show cased before they were sold to Saudi and the Gulf States? As for the west not harming millions, why do you think the war in Mali and Niger kicked off and how did the militants in the Sudan, CAR, Mauritania and Yemen get hold of their arms? We didn't just fuck over a single country - we fucked up the whole of the N.Africa and half of the middle east with our ineptitude.
One problem is that many parents don't know how to behave. The other is that different people have different ideas about how kids should behave. For instance I have tried to instill the idea into my kids that racism, bestiality and burning £50 notes in front of homeless people is wrong. How about you David. How do you stand on this you Botha loving, pig fucking sociopath?
Granted no rules are broken but personalty I see a problem with people taking a ministerial post in order to secure future employment in a similar sector. If you look at it that way, the role in leadership of our country is being reduced to CV fodder and potentially huge bias is attached to ministerial decisions.
2 or 3 meters of 30 amp cooker cable. Poke it down and around the u-bend a few times. Works better than a plunger for blockages.
&gt;it might not even be in the bathroom This. I watched my Dad wreck his house over a week long orgy of carpet lifting and floor board pulling. The carpets never went down properly again and my mother did her nut. It's just not worth it. He never found the smell and my mum threatened to move out if he didn't stop.
Don't go - We all love you!
Can you get round the sides? Bit of a bodge but just Kango a 1'-18" deep strip round the outside of the footings. The water should permeate through the softer stuff like a french drain but you won't need to dig it out and put a pipe into it.
Ah yes... A "report" by The Gatestone institute. The mouthpiece of Neocoservitive and racist Nina Rosenwald, the philanthropist who has donated millions to promoting Zionism and ﻿ Islamophobia to America, peddling hate again as a sugar coated intellectual debate. What a truly vile human being she is.
Is it illegal to sell non-endangered monkey heads like Baboons or Colobus monkeys? Obviously endangered monkeys are a no-no but common monkeys?
Yesterday we ran out of heating oil. Today I have been cutting fire food. Later I will be topping up the tank with 25l jerry cans of oil and sucking it through 20m of 5mm pipe to get the boiler working again.
&gt;Tyr's Day If it was old (celtic dark ages times) English, wouldn't the "Y" be pronounced "ee" - Teers Day?
Wow. Have a read of the comments section at the bottom.
Yes, but how would you tell if your records were excluded
I usually ask the same questions of my kids at the end of the day and get a stock answer "I dunno, nothing. Why are you asking me all these questions? Leave me alone. What's wrong with you? Why are you hassling me?"
Are you saying it is bad to make them all sit on the sofa in height order and question them one at a time?
Basically, where I live is sparsely populated (not by Auz standards though) and there are lots of very old houses and farms that never got around to being connected to mains utilities. The area has a reputation for interbreeding (webbed hands and feet) but has some of the best surf in the UK. The couple using the well (natural water source + bucket on a string) want to put a bore hole through a graveyard on their property but the local administration are objecting because its a graveyard. Mr /r/XVIIBravo lives in a grimy northern town somewhere in the north of the country where it always rains and they wear flat caps and race whippits and stuff whilst shuffling to factories in the morning. This apparently is the height of modern sophistication.
Pastys and cream teas. I rest my case.
Honestly, try Samosas for a fortnight and tell me I'm wrong.
Pah. It's freezing cold here. Anybody who is enjoying the sun make me shudder with jealousy. Actually, on that note and to sow a small seed of doubt, have you found any landmines yet? The whole of the Algeria / Morocco border area on both sides was really heavenly mined in the 60's all the way from the coast down to TanTan. On the Algerian side there is a big fence running the whole length about 30 km from the border to keep people out. I don't think the Moroccans ever bothered... Enjoy the sun!
Just bring it to the UK in a suitcase and give it to the vendor to sort out.
No it's not. They are different countries to start with. To say the difference between New York and California is the same as Scotland to Greece shows a complete lack of geographical, political and cultural understanding of the world you live in. It would be like lumping continental North and South America together as one entity. Are you the same as a Colombian or Brazilian? I think you need to travel more.
I'm just green with envy. I love Morocco. It's cold and wet here.
That's rubbish! Glad survived the mugging though. I had to take my eldest daughter to her 10 Tors training at 7am which was fairly grim. The rest of the day will mainly revolve around being a house husband, cutting wood for the fire and cleaning the house.
We have a bit of mild and damp down here in the Sunny South West. I miss having winters that are like winters.
I've seen Unicorns before and people with giant legs but I have never gone itchy on shrooms before.
Ring round any local (non national) hire places and see if you can get a deal?
&gt;if we store it appropriately in specially designed underground vaults and properly designed flasks then it is safe. That's not safe. That's like saying Ebola is only a risk if you go around licking people.
Being completely humorless about this now, you are right. However, we know what happens when your house is on fire, we have had years of experience dealing safely with gas hobs and still people manage to burn their houses down or blow them up by accident. Sometimes it is human error, sometimes it is down to design and construction defects. The problem with storing radioactive waste is we have only 60 years experience with dealing with stuff that is potentially dangerous for thousands of years. Any science around disposing of it is at best an educated guess. It was only in 1993 that they stopped dumping ferrous barrels of it in the ocean. We have come a long way since then, but we still don't know how or where to dispose of it safely. All we can do is hide it away and hope that future generations may be able to clear up our mess.
&gt; you can get down on your knees and beg for forgiveness from the Don for being so anti-American Why? We favor China now.
Dear God that's terrifying (Do you like real ale and land rovers too?)
[Christian Terror Group in Central African Republic offers Muslims ‘convert or die’ ultimatum](http://thedebateinitiative.com/2015/10/27/christian-terror-group-in-central-african-republic-offers-muslims-convert-or-die-ultimatum/)
Ironically, I have been binge watching Breaking Bad this week too...
&gt; due process is not being followed. What's next? The government can't privatize the NHS fast enough so people are told they need to pay for operations that they don't really need to I guess its illustrating what could be next? Edit: spelling
It could also be a lot better. Everyone is different and everyone has different expectations.
Having lived through the ninety's, /u/Virtarak is right. At least there was hope that things would get better back then. Now we know it won't.
Racist trolls first thing in the morning? FUCK OFF please
&gt;Look at me being all taxman-y. Na - that's just helpful and sensible advice really. Anyway, the oil fairy came in the night (Who the hell does deliverers before 7 am?), I have bled out the boiler and now have heating again. Oil prices are down so it's cheap heating this year for us as this delivery will last us into the summer now. To celibate, I have just made myself a full English. Hopefully the rest of the day will pan out just as well
If you get a Hilux and drive it off road, remember to cut 18" off the chassis and load bed at the back and weld a guard over the steering rack otherwise it won't go up and down slopes without grounding and winching out!
I'll agree that the 70 series is a great car. I had an HJK75 in Namibia for about 18 months and found it very capable although a little long for nimble driving (125 inch wheel base compared to 110 on a Defender) and the old fashioned leaf springs meant there was quite a bit less articulation and it was prone to cross-axleing (It was also more than a bit like riding a jack hammer on corrugated roads!) TBH, If you could get parts for it easily in the UK and if it would have passed emission controls, I would have kept it as it was great to drive. The 4.5l engine left the defender for dust and the cab was so nice you would never dream of driving it through water deep enough to get the carpets wet. 10/10 would buy one again.
Where I live is 17 miles from the exchange. (I'm also not on any mains services) I used satellite or G3 up until last march when the exchange was enabled and they laid fiber across the moors to my local cabinet. I now get 74.78meg on average. There can only be 9 phone lines into the cabinet because there aren't that many houses round here.
&gt;It's why the physical infrastructure should be publicly owned. Agreed. Infrastructure needs to be non-commercial.
Well you never know, there might be a population explosion or something round my way soon...
Many people. There has to be at least half a dozen personalities at work in there.
Ring 111 and get them to make a GP appointment
Britian has been supplying arms and secondment troops to fight wars in Southern Arabia since 1958, although this has re-phrased as "Loan Services" since the 1980's and is now covered by official secrets act. [Oman as an example](http://hansard.millbanksystems.com/written_answers/1983/mar/09/oman-secondments) However, it is a fairly open secret that the UK is very heavily involved in the reign. We fairly openly supply arms, methodology, logistics and training to KSA and the rest of the Gulf states. We are involved morally and legally to the same extent that the US was in Vietnam pre 1965. It's not a very good place to be, especially when you conciser the regimes we are supporting.
Sounds like one of our family days out although until recently we had the long wheel base version. 3 in the front, 3 in the back seats and 6 in the back on the benches with the dogs. All have factory fitted seat belts though!
Is it just me or do I see a problem with the word "supporter" here? Millions of people support millions of different organisations, ideals, religions (and all sorts of other things like sports clubs, bands you name it) but I guess less than 1% ever become more than active, and even fewer do anything nasty. The support for the IRA both in NI, Eire and the US was (is?) very strong. People might condone direct action but very few went out and build a car bomb or shot at policeman. I support Greenpeace but I'm quite unlikely to go and chain myself to a North Sea rig or even rattle a tin outside Tesco for that matter.
[BGAN Sat Modem](http://www.bgansatellite.com/). Freelance web dev. Nicest place I ever worked from was out in the Sahara about 300 miles from the closest human being. Namibia and Kenya are nice too. I'm not sure I have a favorite, but if I ever do, it will be miles from anywhere out in the bush.
No. The Torys have had nearly 6 years to sort it out now. You have to stop the buck somewhere. This is Tory policy and nothing more. Blaming immigrants is a lazy and near sited way to view the reasons why our government is cutting funding to vital services, especially as migrants bring a net raw finial and overall economic gain to the country. If you are historically going to look at causes, I suggest you examine the policies of successive Tory Governments of the '50s regarding mass immigration from non European countries.
I'm with you on that one. I had an iPhone for years and recently Mrs Dwair gave me a 2nd hand Nokia Lumia. I think it's great.
It wouldn't put me off viewing it anymore than the house itself (not my thing)
It depends where you sit on the political fence. If the Tories reduced costs for trident and maybe scrapped one of the planned carriers and put the money saved directly into health and education, I would probably vote for them.
&gt;it'd be a literal drop in the ocean in comparison to NHS and education spending. I agree, but continuing to spend on things we don't need is like someone on the dole complaining they are broke but still buying a packet of fags every day. Every little helps!
So what I gather form this is that its not deemed ok if we read our politicians confidential emails - but it's OK if other countries do.
Fair enough - I guess you are a very young or dangerous driver. Mines about £15 p/m
&gt; do we seriously imagine people from the West will be heading to South Asia or Africa in their droves. To be fair, I'm the only person I know who is looking to move from the UK to Botswana or Mozambique because I don't like Europe much.
I quite liked it personally, the beaches are great but each to their own.
No - but anyone (from any party) found guilty should be should be arrested and tried for serious fraud with a potential for a custodial sentence.
Old news is best news
&gt; clotted cream [Clotted Cream](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clotted_cream) Natures way of lubricating your arteries.
:(
Yaeh that was the main thrust there was a lot of pre and post whatever "local" history in a sort of time line major event type way.
Speaking as a Dad, this is true. I'm currently wearing a "Daddy Pig" Christmas t-shirt, shorts and crocks with socks. Mind you, I gave up worrying what I looked like over 30 years ago.
Kinda true though. I moved from the last paragraph to the middle one a while back. I used to be very accepting about other cultures when abroad and now I just shout loudly in English at foreigners about the drains and stuff.
Hang on - This is sod all to do with the referendum. Its the Torys as a party that have deceived the public with regards to the economy since they came to office. No one knows what will happen if we leave. Both sides are just guessing what will happen. There is no deception from either side as they don't know how it will effect the econemy. It might be good, it might be very bad. Stop taking a wild stab in the dark and labeling it as fact.
My God! I feel like Che Guevara!
