12, Dennis Martinez 6/2/98. Danks' is the 15th of ten or more in that span.
Any part of the bench in any dugout in any major league park. How did anyone else get here without that being their answer?
&gt; To you, it's just a baseball. That thing can brighten a kid's whole day though. Why would it be "just a baseball" to the grown man? If his reasoning was that he'd never caught one before, then obviously it means more to him than being "just a baseball." The whole damned *game* is grown men running around doing what kids do. I would be willing to bet that the ball means far, far more to the man than to the kid. If I had been given a ball as a kid, I don't know what I would have done with it. Probably played with it myself in the yard. I certainly wouldn't have bragged to my friends or anything, since after all, I was *given* the thing. I didn't catch it. But when I caught a foul ball at the age of 23, I was old enough to know exactly what that ball was. It was a piece of the game I love, that I had spent 23 years building up a deep, romantic appreciation for. Something that I revered, cherished as sacred, and out of it popped a little tiny piece that fell into *my* hands. I can look up the play-by-play and see the word "Foul" and know that *I caught that foul*, that that word is indelibly etched into baseball's permanent history and it involved *me.* It was an *honor*. No kid thinks of it that way. You are only obligated to give a kid a ball if you directly interfere with his/her chance to catch/retrieve it themselves. Otherwise it's yours.
Of course that's how it is. What you say with scorn I say with conviction. It really, really does mean that much to me.
ITT: quite a lot of people who are ignoring the butterfly effect. As soon as you start interfering with past events, everything starts to change, and those changes snowball into large, global changes over time. If we're talking a span of 3000 years, by the time you made it back to 2015, not a single person on this planet (including you, though I suspect the genie would take care of this paradox) would have been born, nor would their parents, grandparents, etc. There would be people, but they'd be an entirely different set of people. There would be no computers or automobiles or airplanes, no television or radio, *unless someone happened to come up with them on their own.* The English language, if it had been allowed to evolve at all, would be entirely different. The countries we know wouldn't exist. Maybe the new world would be objectively better. Maybe it would be much worse. Rather than take the chance, I'd either decline the offer or find a cave to sit in for 3000 years.
The only explanation I can think of is the first pitch. It was low and away, looked good and the ump raised his arm and clearly called strike. It's possible that he then changed his mind and it wasn't captured on video. The other strike was dead center and Votto swung and missed.
The angle from directly behind the fan at 2:46 does show that he didn't touch the ball. I wonder if the replay man didn't see that angle, because it looked pretty cut-and-dry to me. Maybe his very presence counted as interference, which I suppose is the spirit of the rule if not the letter.
Adding the /s ruins the humor. Let it stand on its own merit, and if the joke is well-phrased and contextually appropriate, people with intelligence will appreciate it.
Maybe it's because I recently watched *Baseball* but I read this in John Chancellor's voice.
Having a magical run in the regular season only to be annihilated in the end by the Yankees. I mean, they made a *musical* about it.
I've never seen a bat carry through the zone that fast. All I've seen so far is his last PA where he walked, but each time he swung I don't think the bat stayed over the plate for more than a frame. I have this weird feeling that I'm going to remember what I was doing when I tuned into the eighth inning of the choppy mlbtv stream of Joey Gallo's debut.
Some of that seemed to be channeling the roommate from Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt.
It needs to be stressed that it happened in the *same series to opposing teams*, and that neither pitcher walked anyone. This Is The Greatest Game In The World.
The kid needs a nickname to go with the stellar career he's about to begin. I propose "The Iron Giant" but I'm willing to hear other suggestions.
He can't slap it past him because if he could then they wouldn't shift on him.
His job is to see if there's *conclusive evidence to overturn the call on the field.* That's how it's supposed to be approached.
To fall down at your door
As far as I know, field umpires are still empowered to overturn their own calls, which they should have been able to do after watching the replay on the jumbotron.
&gt; 2004-2015 (so 10 yrs, plus two months) That's actually 11 years and two months.
My OCD *hated* the uneven divisions. My OCD *still* hates the uneven schedule and playing the same interleague teams over and over. It could easily be fixed but they don't care.
The National League was founded in 1876 and for much of the 19th century it was all there was. There were rival leagues occasionally, often with different business practices and the gumption to steal NL players away, but they all faded away. Then the American League declared its majority status, had the money and clout to threaten the NL, and all the "senior circuit" could do is accept the new rivals. They gradually started to incorporate themselves together, with codes of conduct, a commissioner, and collective bargaining, and eventually we just started calling it Major League Baseball. The rules were exactly the same until 1973 when the AL adopted the DH and the NL didn't.
Well, there is a reason, which is that there are seven days in a week and that's not a multiple of 3. They want one series each weekend, and stacking 3-game series one after another would quickly ruin that alignment. Scheduling an off-day every week would lengthen the season considerably. The alternative is to play a 4-game series one week and have an off-day the next. In practice it doesn't work out that evenly but it's the general idea.
And the confusion probably stems from the fact that they kept "league" in their names. The same thing happened in the NFL but the two merging leagues became "conferences" instead.
If I'm the batter and they move the catcher into the field, I'm just going to swing and miss at three straight pitches and saunter to first on a strikeout. Doesn't seem to be a particularly intelligent defensive move.
Why not "don't cross the streams?"
I'll leave it to you to figure out the details of what befell each player. &gt; *Well, Mr. Burns had done it* &gt; *The power plant had won it* &gt; *With Torii Hunter counting every mile* &gt; *Buster Posey's got gaps in his smile* &gt; *And Ryan Howard's missing in the tire pile* &gt; &gt; *We're talkin' softball* &gt; *From Anaheim to Scranton* &gt; *Talkin' softball* &gt; *From Moustakas to Stanton* &gt; *Hamilton is playing hide and seek* &gt; *The Feds are on the hunt for Rickie Weeks* &gt; *We're talkin' Homer, Tulo, and the Freak*
Honestly I think this sort of thing is why players have twitter accounts. It's not something you do on the field, but maybe pass by the clubhouse the next day, and if the team has left then you make 140 characters out of it.
If there's been a greater regular-season game ever played, it's not been nominated so far.
I was there but I don't remember it as a positive *experience*. The tension and the pressure (and the noise) were too much. By the end I would have taken a loss just so it would be over.
A dangerous attitude in the spoiling game. It's got us into trouble before.
ChillOne helped us most of the way through S6 but his source faltered in S8. And then there's missyae. Even Snewser got a couple things wrong. Since Redmond isn't actually *spoiling* in this particular case, it isn't a problem right now, but it's an attitude we who take the game seriously should avoid adopting.
&gt; On 1, it seems historically certain that Jesus really existed and was a popular preacher. The bulk of writings about Jesus talk about the things he said and did before his death. There is no contemporary evidence of the existence of Jesus. None at all. I'm happy to be wrong on the subject if presented with good evidence. When historians "agree that Jesus existed," the conclusion basically revolves around "it's difficult to believe the man was invented entirely out of whole cloth." History is not a science and they're not held to the same rigors of testability or burden of proof.
What do we know about Anne Frank? Is it just her diary? It isn't, because there is plenty of evidence *outside her diary* that she was a historical person and that the events she describes in her diary actually happened. It's *externally corroborated.* The Gospels don't have *anything* corroborating them. They were written after the fact by authors we can't be sure of and there's nothing else that backs them up. If all the external evidence of Anne Frank were to be lost, the photographs and Dutch and German records and all eyewitness accounts, and all the cultural memory we've collected about these things, and in two thousand years all we had was her diary, *then we could doubt her existence too.*
In this example I suspect there are ways of determining the battle took place. Digging around in records and the location and such. If you're looking for details of how the battle went, then you might only have those two sources, but what should be considered is whether those sources have influence on each other. Do they have the same biases, did they experience it from different perspectives, etc. If we conclude that those sources aren't good enough, and there isn't anything else, then it would be justifiable to doubt the historical veracity of the Battle of Carrhae.
I like the phrasing of this question as opposed to the usual "what record is unbreakable?" After seeing Ripken, Ichiro, Henderson and McGwire/Sosa/Bonds all in my lifetime, I don't accept the notion that any record is unbreakable. The game can change.
If folks weren't so scared of sabermetrics the starters could just be automatically determined by highest WAR through June 30.
Target Field, named the best sports complex in the country when it opened just five years ago, is leased to the club through 2037. You might literally be the first person to mention the Twins and relocation in the same sentence since the park was approved.
The Twins have a rookie reliever, JR Graham, who wears full stirrups. His mother is legally blind and he wears them so she can pick him out on the field. As a pitcher you'd think it would be pretty easy to keep track of him, but it goes back to his Little League days and he's kept up the tradition.
An interviewee in Ken Burns' series notes the fortuitous serendipity of that particular choice. Had it been 87 feet, think of the close plays at first that wouldn't have happened, the number of times the stolen base record would have been smashed. Had it been 93 feet, batting averages would plummet and double plays would be mundane. 90 feet was *perfect.*
The only people not allowed to discuss a no-hitter are the players on the pitcher's team. The other team, the broadcasters, the fans are allowed to do whatever they want.
OH COME ON!!!
First tripler scored on the second triple, second was picked off on a botched squeeze plot, and the third was stranded.
It wasn't an actual play, the batter missed the sign and failed to swing, allowing the runner to be easily picked off.
This was something instituted when interleague was normalized season-wide. The two-and-two series is intended to be against your interleague "rival," except in years where the interleague rotation schedule has you play all the teams in your "rival's" division. That's happening this year, and so instead of having it be a rivalry series, it's a two-and-two series against another opponent in that division.
In my head I would put it around the late 70s/early 80s when the money involved in the game began to take off exponentially (free agency, tv deals, etc.). [This is a photograph of a Dodger Stadium crowd in the 1970s](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/cf/Pete_rose_at_bat.jpg). You'd be hard-pressed to find even a cap, let alone a jersey in those seats. Modern Dodger fans might forgive me when I say that LA was never the most rabid of baseball towns, but the team was competitive throughout the decade and obviously the seats were full. Merchandise just wasn't a thing back then.
And the crowd respects it. I dunno if anyone's ever said this, but Cardinals fans are pretty good.
When interleague first started in the 90s, the teams you played were almost random. The exception was your "natural rival," the team which in most cases was geographically closest to you (Yankees-Mets, Rays-Marlins, etc.). You played that team every year. When they expanded interleague in 2013, they gave it some structure: you played all the teams in a specific division, which rotated from year to year. However, they kept the "rival" concept by adding a two-and-two series that would be played each year no matter what other teams you played in interleague. The exception is when the interleague division you play is the same one in which your rival plays. In that case, your rival simply becomes part of your normal interleague schedule. The two-and-two series, however, remains in the schedule (somewhat inexplicably), and is played against *another* team in that division. That's what's happening this year: each division is playing its interleague counterpart (East vs. East, etc.). Since all the rivals are now lined up by division, the two-and-two series isn't played against the rival, but against another interleague team.
This case is a little extreme. The last time a team was this dominant (seven members of the 1957 Reds), they actually did take voting away for 12 years.
There has never been a major-leaguer with a last name starting with X. The 1926 World Series ended with Babe Ruth caught stealing second. The Padres have never played in Toronto. The Blue Jays have played in San Diego three times.
Net neutrality should have no effect on MLB's streaming performance. The streams suck for me but I tend to chalk that up to going through a VPN because they won't let me watch my home team.
BR updates every morning, but they don't have their own database (they use Lahman's among others). In order to keep a personal database updated through a current season, you have to update it yourself.
I haven't voted yet. Why would I vote a third of the way into the season? I vote during the last day or so, and vote by WAR. So if I were to vote today, it would be Martin Miggy Kipnis Donaldson Trout Iglesias Cain Kiermaier, and Posey Goldschmidt Gordon Frazier Crawford Harper Stanton Pollock.
A year ago I went to DC and saw the entire Smithsonian. After listening to other tourists for five minutes in the first museum I took out my phone and my earbuds and turned on Spotify. Listened to someone's opera playlist the entire week. Don't even particularly care for opera, I just thought it was most appropriate to the setting. It was amazing.
What part of what he said isn't true?
They played Letterman and Dave started randomly saying "I fink you freeky...and I like you a lot" for days afterward. Making that kind of impression on Dave is quite a feat.
Keep in mind that none of them would have actually been there. Few children would have attended a World Series at that time, and of those even fewer would have been girls (almost all people over the age of 107 are female).
I'm just out of frame on your right. Recognize the Rizzo guy in the front. Definitely not "cheap" seats, but I like 'em.
Um, if you go straight for her she'd be able to take you down without even thinking about it. No, you gotta flank her at oblique angles.
Raise your hand if your fantasy opponent had Scherzer this week.
We all know there's a difference between "getting votes" and "actually worthy of the Hall."
Now now, Infante isn't eligible yet. You're probably thinking of Mark Gubicza.
If I could stop you from suffering, I would. That's the difference between me and your god.
I didn't realize this was a Sporcle link and I also thought it was an "average days" trivia question. And yes I'm pretty sure ol' Peas 'n Carrots Keith would be the answer.
Well, he stoops down a bit to clunk them on the head with his padded elbow.
I think this is a case where it's up to you. For instance, when something happens to a runner during a PA, I only record it in the runner's box (like a little "SB" in the corner); the batter gets an "X" instead of a "\" on that pitch to show me when it occurred. I'd probably do the same thing in your situation, except in the batter's box I'd scrawl something like "No PA, runner picked off" just to indicate to myself not to count that box as a PA. The operative words here are "me" and "myself," because unless you're the official scorer of a game, you're likely to be the only one who needs to decipher your scorekeeping methods. So you can do whatever you want.
Someone with more time than I currently have could just go through each number and see which one adds up to the most WAR from each position (though they should only count players who were known by that number).
I think it is folly to consider *any* record truly untouchable. The article makes some pretty daring statements. Declaring Van der Meer's feat unbreakable is, as others have pointed out, bad timing, after what Scherzer did last week. What they're basically doing is saying that records are unbreakable *in the game's current state.* Sure, no one's going to win 59 games *this season.* Or next season, or for the foreseeable future. But the game *changes.* Radbourn won 59 games when baseball was a vastly different endeavor. It's changed a lot. *And it will continue to change.* One day we may find 60-game winners to be commonplace. *Everyone* said Gehrig's streak was untouchable. Right up to '95, no one thought Ripken *really could* do it. He did it, and kept right on going. Someday I think someone will beat him too. Why isn't 73 on the list? The steroid era is over. Why don't we believe that no one will ever break Bonds' record? Is it because he made it look easy...that it seems like anyone, under the right circumstances, could clobber the ball out of the park with equal frequency? I don't see the difference between hitting 762 home runs and earning 110 shutouts. I really don't. When I was a kid, Roger Maris was a record-holder. Lou Brock and George Sisler and Henry Aaron were record-holders. Not anymore. All things end.
Wow, I don't see any comments saying "you ever stop to think maybe the last guy parked just as badly and they were forced to do this?" Those make me angrier than the parking job itself.
Isn't that just where the Mets AAA affiliate plays?
Not for long, though. The United Federation of Planets, established 2161, is known in at least one timeline to survive into the 31st century.
Fun. When you look in the dugout and see everyone laughing, doing little dances and handshakes they came up with, when they have in-jokes and story arcs in the press, you have a team that's a *team* and not just 25 guys making money. Teams win.
While this was fun for a while, the problem is that if it were actually a "curse," you'd think that it'd be easy to identify what *ended* the curse.
Actually I just thought of a good candidate. The Royal Rooters claimed the bleachers of Huntington for most of the first two decades of the team's existence. Their signature song was "Tessie, You Are the Only" which they would modify to praise/heckle an appropriate player. Though they moved with the club to Fenway, they gradually drifted away and weren't heard much after...1918. "Tessie" remained in the subconscious of the Boston mystique, and it was brought back to popularity by the Dropkick Murphys, who released a cover (the lyrics now about the Rooters themselves and a famous story about a riot they started when their seats were sold to other patrons)...in June 2004.
Just going by how much I've played them, it would be something among: Tetris (NES) Super Mario Kart SimCity (SNES) Grand Theft Auto IV Minecraft Those are my *favorites*. The *best* games I've ever played are Mario Galaxy 1/2, Portal 1/2, and The Last of Us.
I'm just doing it from memory so I have no idea what key it's in, but in C Major it's D BCD G F E D BCD GA AG
Game 163, although it was so tense and the Dome was so loud that I did not have a positive experience.
I guess I'm missing something. Wouldn't it be perfectly reasonable to assume that a team's winning percentage halfway through the season will be pretty close to its winning percentage at the end of the season? Teams do fall apart / catch fire, but as you can see it's relatively rare.
That actually looks really cool. It's tailored to pro ball which isn't common in scorebooks.
I'm not prepared to say it's better, but the nature of today's game allows for the whole country to experience the fun / frustration of every team. We can all get together and cultivate the stories and the memes, and the players feed off that.
Indeed. And I was actually at the park and promising myself not to cheat by using my phone. But in a similar vein, one of my favorite Simpsons jokes, by the Vin Scully character: "That's an E3 for those of you keeping score at home...and if you are keeping score at home, your loneliness saddens me."
If it really is dying then maybe it's a profession that someone like me could excel at. I would *love* to keep score...maybe not the official scorer (the pressure of killing no-hitters would drive me nuts), but someone who compiles statistics for a team or for a website.
The opposite should be true. I don't often pay enough attention to tell you how a particular batter has done in his previous at-bats. But when I'm keeping score I can tell you how everyone has done *without looking at the book,* because I've written it down (at work I carry a notepad to write down things to remember, and I never look at it because the act of writing it down makes me memorize it). It does take practice, since if there's a particularly complex play (an outfielder muffs a fly, and the batter-runner is caught in a rundown where the ball changes hands several times) you can find yourself still scribbling and checking the scoreboard by the time the next batter starts taking pitches. If anything, scorekeeping can put too *much* attention on the game. After all, the beauty of baseball is that you get that time between pitches, between batters, when you look around at the people in the stands, look at the sky and note how much it's changed color since you sat down, look at the scoreboard and make the red letters move around by tilting your head back and forth (chromatic aberration...if you can't do it, don't ask), look down the aisle for the hot dog guy...that's a crucial part of the experience. You can't score that.
Well it's an error, let's say E9, and then a 9-5-1-6 putout. I'd trace the diamond to about halfway between second and third, the E9 goes in the primary "what the batter did" part of the box, and the 9-5-1-6 gets crammed in above the SS position where the tag occurred.
Costas is a poet and we need more like him. But he was trying a bit too hard here.
If you plopped Maya Angelou in front of a microphone and made her describe her surroundings for three hours I bet you'd get one or two fart jokes.
For me I had to hit rock bottom spiritually. I had relied on God to help me through tough times, prayed for good fortune, for happiness, and none of it ever came to pass (or at least the success rate was no better than chance). I was constantly afraid that if I questioned God, he'd punish me. But I was so lost in my life that I was essentially being punished anyway. So finally I couldn't take it anymore and essentially told God "listen, I've had enough of this. I've been a good person and good things don't happen to me. If you want me to keep going this way, to keep praying, I need you to give me a sign. Otherwise I have to give up." Nothing. So I finally took a chance and started thinking critically. What I came to realize is that my "worship" of God was little more than OCD, that if I don't do these rituals then I'll be punished by some unseen force. Over the course of a couple of weeks, maybe less, I had gone from a terrified theist to an agnostic atheist. I cried, but they were tears of relief and release. The greatest help in that process was this very sub. It was a different place at the time, full of reposted memes, but they were crucial in letting me know that it was okay to take this road.
That's an excellent story and it's even heavier later on when Red admits that he almost quit when Robinson was signed. It was Rickey's stoic command of the endeavor that kept him going. There are plenty more stories in the Burns series just like that, told with such mastery...Studs Terkel and Robert Creamer and obviously Buck O'Neil (and the 10th Inning is no slouch either). That show really was made at the perfect time, right before baseball's new renaissance when the game needed to be reminded of its historical, romantic nature, and when you could still talk to guys who played with Babe Ruth, who played in the Negro Leagues, who had a perspective that we literally no longer have just twenty years later.
Like you I didn't see Bull Durham until I was a lot older, and I didn't find it especially compelling. I was "in" Little Big League (I attended a game at which they filmed the ending, so technically I'm in the crowd).
Graham is one of 993 players found by the Play Index to have played in exactly one major league game. This includes twelve players who debuted this year but have only been in one game so far. Steven Matz is listed as the 18,540th major-leaguer, meaning the 993 one-gamers total about five percent of everyone who has played the game. You'd find more cups of coffee in the morning rush of an average Starbucks. But the cups of coffee at Starbucks don't each have their own Wikipedia page. Put on a uniform and walk between those foul lines, even for the briefest of moments, and you are an immortal.
Was that "rookie card" being touted as his actual rookie card? Because...that's quite obviously not a 1905 baseball card.
No. There are 77 players who have a *hit* in their only AB. Twelve of those were doubles (including Brandon Lyon, who played in 572 games and finished with a lifetime SLG of 2.000), and four were triples. 38 men had only one *plate appearance* in which they drew a walk (including, of course, Eddie Gaedel). A further six had one PA and were hit by a pitch. And perhaps the saddest of all: 22 have come up once in their careers and laid down a bunt or other runner-advancing grounder. Most were pitchers, but two were listed as first basemen. Talk about sacrificing.
&gt; Only the Twins gave me pause after Dozier. Kind of humbling, since we have a top-tier closer in Glen Perkins, veteran stripper Torii Hunter, and a former MVP catcher-turned-1B who currently has the third-highest active career BA. Those are the Twins I'd expect everyone to know, but I honestly can't name anyone past Altuve and Rasmus on your club, so this is an educational experience.
A coworker overheard a game on my radio and wondered aloud: "is there really a difference between a 90 and a 95 mph fastball?" I don't think this is a stupid question for an outsider, but anyone with a knowledge of pro-level baseball would understand what a *fundamental* difference there is between those two speeds, especially when a pitcher can throw both.
If you ask me "what team does Jed Lowrie play for" I can say "Houston" but if you ask me "how many Astros can you name" then my brain doesn't make the connection. I'm surprised that Joe Mauer isn't the first Twin anyone would think of but am willing to believe that lots of people file and retrieve information in their heads the same way I do.
I'm generally cool with them taking as much time as they need to get the call right, though I'd prefer they take as many reasonable steps as possible to keep that time to a minimum. My own beef is with the way everyone just stands around frozen on the field while the manager decides whether or not he's going to throw his flag. That part of the system is hella broken.
&gt; for PTBNL *or* Cash This is a delightful summary of Alexi Casilla: here you go, just pay us back whenever.
I'll allow him to make that determination.
The 81-81 scenario would probably be solved by replacing the postseason with a randomly-seeded bracket, with two randomly-chosen teams (perhaps the previous year's pennant winners) getting a first-round bye. First three rounds are best of three, then it's LCS and the WS as normal. Probably take into mid-November. A five-way tie for the division would be handled according to the [multi-team tiebreaker rules.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Major_League_Baseball_tie-breaking_procedures#Ties_among_multiple_teams)
If I'm not going to be compensated then I think I'll just stick to writing on this sub. At least here I get karma.
These days I always think of graphics as sort of plateauing, haven't been blown away by anything in quite a while, but looking back at this it's obvious that they're still getting a lot better (just more gradually then when I was a kid).
The only "good" ones are the commandments against murder, theft, and if we want to stretch it a bit, perjury (false witness). Are American laws against murder, theft, and perjury "based on" the Ten Commandments? Is that the source for these laws? Or have they been part of the legal system of *every civilization in human history,* including some which predate the Ten Commandments? Are they not common sense?
The LASIK Expansion, now available at the Vision Store!
Not sure what you mean here. The Moon's shadow "lines up" with Earth only during an eclipse. From the Earth's surface, an eclipse is an "event" that moves along the ground (people often take planes and "chase" them to make the eclipse appear longer). http://www.relativelyinteresting.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/10/eclipse-from-space.jpg If instead you're just relaying a garbled version of "the ratio of the Sun's and Moon's sizes and their respective distances allow for total eclipses," that's not necessarily true. The Sun and Moon are *more or less* the same size in the sky, and a total eclipse *just* covers the Sun because of this. But *not every eclipse is total.* The Moon's (and Sun's) distance varies, and if the Moon is too far away then you get an [annular eclipse](http://a.abcnews.go.com/images/Technology/gty_annular_solar_eclipse_ll_1201516_wmain.jpg) that doesn't cover the entire solar disc. And if the Moon were closer, we'd get total eclipses a lot more often.
I think you mean "theists," not "deists." Deists usually stop short of personifying their definition of a god, and to them a nebulous "intelligent designer" of any form could be satisfactory. A *theist* is just any god-believer, and could be a deist or an adherent to a religion with a anthropomorphic, personal god such as Zeus or Yahweh. And you're right, there is a big difference between a "watchmaker" and the God of Abraham, and the steps needed to get from one to the other are often...creative.
Another way to phrase it is that laws define observations whereas theories explain them. If a cause produces the same effect every time, that's a law. Scientific theories explain *why* laws are laws. With evolution, it's hard to get "laws" in the sense that you can with something like gravitational interaction, because evolution is kind of an abstract process. It *does* have facts and observations. That all life on Earth shares a common ancestor is a fact; the *theory* involves *how* and *why* diversity arose.
If it were deliberate then perhaps the designer could have just made us immune to tumors in the first place.
We've made cameras that can see wavelengths far beyond the pitiful portion of the spectrum that our eyes can. We have cameras orbiting hundreds of miles above our heads that can read license plates on the surface. Our eyes are *really neat,* and we've made technology that's exponentially better.
Baseball is a child's game, played by adults, and occasionally by men.
Pitchers and catchers report in 47 days.
*Like she was walking onto a yacht*
I'm sure at some point you'll elucidate why you've posted this in the Star *Trek* sub.
"I say we do a deep dish!" I was thinking the same thing.
I wonder if it's not glib to hold this up as an example of the inherent honesty and integrity in the modern scientific method. We had four holes in the periodic table. Those holes represented, in a very real sense, predictions about nature. We had an element with 112 protons, one with 114 protons, and anyone could guess that there should be one with 113 protons too. But we didn't fill in that hole. We didn't preemptively name it. When a group claimed to have synthesized it, it took years for us to make sure. There was doubt, there was skepticism, and there was a *process* that we followed before we finally concluded that, yes, there is an element with 113 protons (even if we did have to construct it ourselves). *Now* you can say it exists. *Now* you can name it. *Now* you can fill in that hole.
Depends on what you mean by theoretical. There are a number of elements that don't exist in nature, including these four. They "exist" because we smash other elements together, ever-so-briefly making new elements where we go "there! Right there! Did you see it?" And everything beyond 118 is theoretical. The eighth period is still elusive to us. But between hydrogen and ununoctium, all elements have now been seen at least once.
If the planet were uninhabited then the Prime Directive wouldn't apply. Humans have colonized tons of worlds; a descendant of humans should be able to do the same.
We know God doesn't exist? When did we figure that out?
When did you figure *those* out?
Of course I believe there is a chance a teapot is orbiting Jupiter. I don't believe a teapot *is* orbiting Jupiter, but I'm not prepared to claim the opposite just because it's ludicrously unlikely. Practicing intellectual honesty and declining to claim a negative doesn't mean you give weight to the positive.
&gt; There really is not. Yes, there is. We have invented teapots, we have pondered the idea of teapots floating in space, and we have sent probes to Jupiter, in that chronological order. It is *not impossible* we've put a teapot into the Jovian system. The best position is to say *I have no good reason to believe a teapot is orbiting Jupiter.* That is *not* the same as saying "there is no teapot orbiting Jupiter." Your other example was an "invisible pink unicorn." I might be prepared to say that such a thing, as defined, cannot exist, because I don't think you can have something that is simultaneously invisible and pink. "Invisible unicorn" and "pink unicorn" would be logically sound, regardless of the unlikelihood of "invisible" or "unicorn." So as far as gods go, there are *definitions* of gods that could be self-contradictory, and safe to rule out. But there are *lots* of definitions of gods, and not all of them fall under that scope. Zeus, as far as I know, is not logically impossible. We tend not to give much weight to Zeus because we've discovered more realistic explanations for things once ascribed to him. We can go about our business without worrying about not accounting for Zeus, or any other gods, or unicorns or teapots. To claim they *don't exist at all* is speaking out of turn.
It shouldn't be surprising that you found him, since you both post in the same threads around the same times with the same opinions, including in a very specific gaming sub.
Basically the same as my view. I literally don't have an opinion on the matter, but if the two leagues ever do combine, it's pretty obvious the NL will adopt the DH.
Your purpose is whatever you want it to be. You don't have to conform to anyone else's ideals or expectations. When I have those kinds of thoughts, I remind myself that there's no reason to think there's anything, *anything* else other than this one short life. It's not a video game where if you rage-quit then you can go find something else to do...this is it. All the good things you'll ever experience will be in this life; all the neutral and bad things too. Sometimes the bad things cloud everything else, but the trick is to *look* for the way out. Actually *look,* not just sit there for a few minutes and think "no, it all sucks and there's no hope." That's not being fair to yourself. If you *look*, you'll find we've constructed ourselves one hell of a great society that keeps giving people chances. Go for a long walk. Now. Walk three blocks farther than you think you want to.
Aunt Baby. She had problems. Internally.
&gt; Which aspects of the Trek future do you think will be possible in the near future? A nuclear holocaust.
Um it's clearly Braves great Sluie Sjeuvw.
Oh, look what you got! Two jacks! You got a half fizzbin already!
Hope you don't mind staying up reeeeeally late.
Whichever one copies the entire plot of the Old Testament and repackages it under a fresh coat of nostalgia.
Related: the last member of the 1945 NL champion Cubs died last year. There is no one on Earth who has won a pennant on the North Side of Chicago.
Data once refers to French as a dead language. However, Picard later speaks French to his brother, and Commander Radishes and his friends all know the words to "Frere Jacques," so either Data was attempting a burn on his captain or they retconned French back into the human lexicon. There is precedent to believe Picard is "always" speaking French. Chekov had a pronounced Russian accent, indicating that he was a native Russian speaker who was speaking English on duty. It's not a screen conceit: the "nuclear wessels" and "Wictor Wictor" gags from films 4 and 11 only work if he is attempting English. Picard, however, has no trace of a French accent. It's possible he learned both languages as a child and can speak English flawlessly. But no *other* characters with non-American backgrounds have any kind of accent other than various Commonwealth dialects. The UT doesn't seem to have a standard accent for English, because plenty of aliens whom we *know* don't speak English have various accents depending, basically, on the actor portraying them. The other possibility is that Picard is in fact a native English speaker and French is no longer spoken by the French people. Some have explained this as a result of WWIII, where France may have been somehow occupied or annexed by Britain. Whatever the case, maybe French is "dead" in the sense that France has adopted English for some reason. &gt; Also what does the Universal Translator do to children learning their native tongues? Are they all just learning some generic universal mathematic language? This is an excellent question I've never considered. Children *have* to know a language, or else the UT can't do much for them. They're probably okay by the time they start school, but it may be the case that UTs are kept away from smaller children because there's no effect or no benefit. Troi, for instance, was raised by a Terran and a Betazoid and though her parents may have used a UT to communicate with one another^1 anything Deanna heard in her formative years wouldn't have been translated to anything...she would have just learned both languages at once. ^1 A side question might be "how does the UT work in Betazoid telepathy" but I would propose that Betazoids aren't really hearing *words* but rather *ideas.*
Frasier is what I used to binge until The Office came along.
He was on. They had to edit him out because he was *too* good.
Safe at home.
Let's just say it's a trick Jedi use on someone's mind. I don't want to give it away.
The bet was mentioned in "Redemption Part I", more than a year after "Yesterday's Enterprise" (both coincidentally involving Tasha Yar). Possibilities: - The bet came about after Guinan told somebody she once made him laugh and they didn't believe her - The laugh in "Yesterday's Enterprise" was erased from the timeline due to all the temporal rift shenanigans. The sequence goes: Worf is with Guinan, Worf is called to the bridge, the 1701-C comes out, the episode depicts a day or two in the Darkest Timeline, the 1701-C goes back in, and the timeline is restored *with everyone still on the bridge examining the rift,* with Guinan now talking to Geordi. Did we go back in time to the point of divergence, or did it take several days to examine the rift? Why is Geordi now in Ten Forward when the ship is presumably at alert status? It seems to be a plot hiccup, but in-universe it could mean that the 1701-C caused a BttF-style ripple effect that changed things just enough so that Worf and Geordi swapped a shift that Wednesday morning?
I personally tend to shame him when he says things like "post a link to...any fossil that is between an amphibian and a fly."
Shatner as Khan confirmed.
I don't find any of those impossible to believe. If those were the criteria for a god, there wouldn't seem to be anything impossible to believe about that god. The problem is there isn't any reason to think such a god *actually exists.* It's like, let's suppose you have a neighbor. He's nine feet tall, 150 years old, has green skin, and can run a mile in three minutes. All of these attributes are impressive, but not impossible. Does this neighbor exist?
No NHL? He must've been too good for 'em.
We used to do this kind of thing to get Survivor spoilers off the CBS website. It's good to know webmasters are still dopes.
When he gets one down and in and he just golfs it, and the bat completes that circle, his legs twisting just as much as they need to and he comes to a stop to watch it fly over the right-field wall...all in one flawless motion...if he only did that *once* and never did anything else with a bat or a glove, he still would have deserved those last three votes today. We're calling pitchers "Rembrandt" now but we've got it all wrong.
Many many years ago the broadcast affiliates would run syndicated shows when they weren't in network prime time. The morning and afternoon had soaps, some morning talk shows, and maybe a noon news, but the rest of it was syndication. One affiliate per market would get Wheel and Jeopardy, the other game shows were scattered about the grid, and then it was cartoons, sitcoms, and Westerns/dramas. This went through about 5-7pm when the affiliates would run their respective local news programs, the national news, and then prime time would start. That was followed by the late local news and the talk shows, if the network had one. Then it was back to syndication, which late at night devolved into infomercials and preachers. In the *really* old days some affiliates would shut off and run a test pattern. Fox became the fourth network in the late 80s, and though its grid increased steadily over time, it didn't really reach the same solid programming status as the Big Three until it took over sports coverage in the mid-late 90s. So it was sort of a mix between a "real" network and an independent UHF-style station. It had X-Files and Simpsons and so on but there was no talk show (sorry Chevy) and, in my market, no local news. That gave it a bunch of extra time for evening syndication. So there was a time in the mid-90s when the Minneapolis Fox affiliate aired three episodes of TNG every weeknight. Every. Night. Three hours of TNG. That's a season in less than two weeks. There was also a span in which it was two TNGs and a TOS, but it was still three hours of Star Trek *every night.* On *network TV.* Now, to Millennials who grew up with on-demand binge-watching, three episodes a day probably doesn't sound all that insane. But DVDs, let alone streaming services, weren't even in our imaginations then. You could subscribe to a service where you got a 2-episode VHS every month or so, or you could tape the show when they aired the rerun. And that's what we did, all of us. Every Trekkie over a certain age has, or had, a pile of videocassettes in their entertainment center. So this was how we watched Star Trek. Indeed, this is how we *started* watching Star Trek. Every night. Saturated by it. It's no wonder we were hooked. DS9 ran on either our NBC or UPN affiliate, I forget which. Maybe it switched during the run. When it went into reruns, I think it was stuck down at around midnight. Not sure if Voyager *ever* went into reruns here, and by the time Enterprise came along the idea of network affiliates filling up their off-hours with old shows seemed to have taken a backseat to judge shows, trashy talk shows, and reality, reality, reality. But that's what I remember: TNG, always there on Fox 29. Watching TNG instead of doing homework, watching TNG instead of building social skills, watching TNG and enjoying every minute. I don't know if I would have been a Trekkie without those reruns. I certainly wouldn't have been so obsessed with Trek without them. I suppose having them all on Netflix is better for everyone. I suppose.
Or "I'm not done with him, Jacob! He stays on this side!"
That last hand might be the funniest thing ever aired on television.
They put "Kilroy Was Here" on the National WWII Memorial. It's a somber memorial to a somber event, and they included a cartoon meme. Most of the people who get the reference will be dead in a generation, but it will be there for all time because it tells us something about who they *were*, not just what they *did.* It doesn't stand out; you have to go looking for it. And that's what Griffey's plaque will be like. Anyone who's been to that museum knows that the plaques all look the same until you actually walk up to examine them. That's the point where you *might* notice that Griffey's hat is backwards. It'll tell future generations who he *was.*
You mean...like...a *Special Edition?*
If a scientist doubts the BBT and then becomes a Christian, they were a shitty scientist. It is not an either/or proposition; if you don't accept the established model explaining the expansion of the Universe, you are not automatically accepting the Christian creation myth. You would say "I don't know" until you had evidence in support of your belief. If you were a scientist.
There's a much more fitting one but I assume we're still in no-spoiler mode.
What's the second name on [this official poster?](http://i1-news.softpedia-static.com/images/news2/star-wars-the-force-awakens-gets-brand-new-poster-teaser-trailers-video-494821-2.jpg)
Was Han unimportant to Obi-Wan? His first mate helped Yoda escape Order 66. There's a connection there we know nothing about.
Aren't Jedi usually supposed to eschew love and family? He couldn't be Han's father. And Han would never name his son after Obi-Wan. Who would buy that?
Imagine Chewie being a courier between the two exiled Jedi, funneling information between Tatooine and Dagobah for decades right under Han's nose. How interesting that he pals around with a smuggler who works with the gangsters on Obi-Wan's planet. How interesting that he happened to be in that cantina just when Obi-Wan comes in looking for a ship.
It's not a flaw in the originals. I wouldn't have asked this question before EpIII, which is where the mechanics were first explained (or at least alluded to). If it's a discontinuity, it's only retroactively so.
Nero's disruption caused the UFP/Starfleet to become a bit more defensive and militaristic. Section 31 sought out the Botany Bay and brought it back to Earth, revived Khan and tried to get him to design new weapons. It's a little bit absurd, but not a breach of canon.
In a sense you could feel sorry for the new guys because despite creating a new timeline they're *still* saddled by canon in many places (i.e. you can't have them meet a young Picard or get into random skirmishes with the Borg), and you can't expect them to take time out of the progression of the film to explain "okay this is different but here's why it still makes sense." Marvel and DC don't have to worry about that, they can just mush disparate elements together and retcon whatever they want, because their fans aren't particular about having *one canon that must be internally consistent.*
Something to think about: there's a video of the table read for that script, and Andy's line isn't in it. That means they either added it during filming, or *he improvised it.*
It's called "Chaos on the Bridge" and it is so well-tailored to answering OP's question that I am forced to suspect that OP is a shill for the movie trying to get people talking about it.
And I'll bet I like things that you don't, which demonstrates the folly of fans boldly proclaiming "X is bad/not Trek."
It wasn't a serious statement. It's just funny that there is a film that so perfectly fits the question that it's like someone asking "is there an app that lets you meet other singles by anonymously deciding whether you like their Facebook photos?"
Olly-wolly polliwoggy ump-bump mothafuckin' fizz!
No, they're called *Pig* Newtons!
I was just thinking this morning whether there were any examples of foreign people "pretending" to speak English the way we do with other languages (like the Swedish Chef, or making random click consonants when impersonating African languages).
I saw you say "2005 was a really weak year" and I opened up the reply box all ready to school you on how great 2005 was. Then I went back and checked my personal top five for that year. Elizabethtown, Joyeux Noel, Everything is Illuminated, Brokeback Mountain, and Me and You and Everyone We Know. So, Crash it is, then.
Compared to the original one? Probably terrible. Maybe the original one accurately conveyed the tone of the film, which means that this recut misses the point entirely. I haven't seen the film yet so I can't determine which one is better, but since the people who make trailers generally know what they're doing, I'd guess that the original is more on theme. What was wrong with the original that someone felt they had to change it without having seen the film first?
I'm going to speculate that if an alien spacecraft actually managed to land on the White House lawn without being shot down, then the President (along with the rest of the Cabinet and Congress) would be instantly whisked away down whatever secret tunnels we have to take him to an undisclosed secure location. The ship would be surrounded first by Secret Service and then by Army/National Guard and every conventional weapon within a hundred miles would be trained on it. Then everyone would just wait until the aliens communicated. If it sounds scary and disheartening that first contact with aliens would come down the barrel of a gun, blame the aliens. Landing on the White House lawn means *they know* that the White House is the residence of the leader of Earth's largest power. There is no way to determine that just by buzzing through the solar system; they've been studying us. And if they've been studying us, they know we're aggressive, cautious, and a little paranoid, and that we don't fuck around with our security. They should be crystal clear on the fact that landing at the President's house is going to be interpreted as a provocative, intentional, calculated move, and that if they want to talk to him they're going to be doing it through Skype on a DoD laptop. A species that didn't research beforehand would have to just pick a population center (not necessarily the most populous city, but a metro with visible sprawl) and hope that one of us can take them to our leader. A *cautious* species would remain in orbit or land on the near side of the Moon and talk to us from there.
Predicting the United States. *Predicting.* The *United States.* The *Bible*. Predicted...the *United States.*
I went to conventions in the 90s to hear news and rumors. There were upcoming episodes to tease and slideshows of on-set pics. It was before the Web and before ubiquitous comic-cons and so Trek conventions were the place to get information about new stuff, both in Trek and in sci-fi as a whole (they'd talk about X-Files, Star Wars, Independence Day, etc.). Once I got a computer, I no longer had a personal need to go; I've never been starstruck by actors (though most of them put on a great show), I'm not interested in memorabilia and I frankly get a little embarrassed by some of the more extreme fans (the "what was the combination to your safe in episode 0125" people).
a) occasionally vaccines don't provide full protection. If you're exposed to the pathogen, there may still be a small chance of infection. But that's only if you're exposed to it. If you're vaccinated, and everyone else around you is vaccinated, the chances of being *exposed* to the disease are effectively eliminated. b) some people have legitimate reasons why they can't be vaccinated. They may have allergies or other dangerous reactions to the vaccine. That means they must rely on everyone else around them for protection.
The comics aren't canon. Just because a work is referenced doesn't make the work an official part of continuity. As an example, Uhura's first name, Nyota, originally appeared in a promotional novel in 1982. It wasn't given on screen until 2009. Does that make the promo novel canon? It doesn't. It makes the novel's use of Nyota canonically correct. I believe the reboot crew has made statements along the lines of "the tie-in comics are canon," but they don't have the authority to make that literally true. They are free to consider those comics as a part of the story they're telling, but nothing in them is part of official Trek continuity unless and until it has been presented on screen.
It's not splitting hairs; that's how [canon is defined](http://memory-alpha.wikia.com/wiki/Canon). By Paramount, by CBS, and by us. Canon is stuff on screen. There are some very good reasons to keep it that way: it's easier to maintain creative control when you're only worrying about one level of media, it's easier for producers and writers to adhere to it, and the other levels of media (such as print) aren't nearly as accessible to the public. We - the studios and the fans - have all made a general agreement to respect that line (at least with regard to *official* canon...each of us is free to maintain their own "head canon"). When new producers or writers are brought in to make a new film or series, they are essentially given permission - by the studios and fans - to make new canon. When a fan rants about how much they hate the new films, part of the reason is because they "must" accept those films as having equal standing to the rest of the canon franchise (again, individuals can decide what personal canon is for them...we're talking about *official* canon). The producers have *not* been given permission - by us or by Paramount - to alter the *definition* of canon. Again, the reboot crew can draw from whatever sources they wish when making their films. I'm sure that in the writers' room there are giant whiteboards filled with background information about the world they're playing in, stacks of notes and charts and all sorts of things. If they want to publish some of that in comic form, no one is stopping them, certainly not the Paramount marketing department. I've read some of those comics and they're very good. I even incorporate stuff like "Countdown" into my own head canon. These comics are effectively *their* head canon. But they're not within the boundaries of what we've collectively decided is official. A producer can't change those boundaries just by saying so.
Irvin was the oldest living Negro Leaguer, and the eighth-oldest Major Leaguer.
Mike Sandlock (cup-of-coffee catcher with Braves, Dodgers, and Pirates) is the oldest at 100. Red Sox great Bobby Doerr, the fourth-oldest at 97, is the oldest living Hall of Famer and the last man to have played during the 1930s (and the last to have shared a field with Lou Gehrig).
Is that a "Ted Williams is still alive" joke? Because otherwise there are plenty of living guys who played with Ted Williams.
You might. It's pretty much a given that Montreal will be the next stop. MLB is thinking about expanding again, but the other option is relocation. And that's where we come back to this whole NFL three-card monty. The Chargers might join the Rams in LA. If so, the NFL may help pay for the Raiders to get a new stadium in Oakland. Once they evacuate the Coliseum, the Athletics will be stuck with it. That's the last thing they want. But the NFL isn't going to build another dual-purpose stadium, and there's no way MLB is going to provide any kind of assistance along that avenue. So this deal may increase the likelihood that the A's will jump ship. Usually the rumors circle around other spots in NoCal, Portland or San Antonio, but there's one city that we know is baseball-ready and it's Montreal QC.
In ancient/medieval times people drove/walked on the left. Foot travelers would want to meet other travelers on their right side so they could extend a hand or a sword depending on the situation. Carriage drivers sat on the right and drove on the left so their whips wouldn't get tangled in stuff behind or beside them. The world started changing to right-side driving in the 18th century. The US did it because the carriages that were coming into use had no driver's seat, and the driver usually sat on one of the rear horses. He would sit on the left horse so his whip would hit the middle of the team, and since he was on the left he wanted oncoming traffic on the left so he could see how close he was. France did it because fuck tradition, and Napoleon brought that with him wherever he went (Hitler finished off the continent later). Only the Commonwealth held on, and many of those nations gradually adopted the "right" way as British influence waned.
I wonder if he'll have an encounter at some point with Anakin. We know Anakin can be a ghost, so perhaps he'll show up and grab Kylo and shake him and scream "what are you *doing*, kid?" The alternative is that Anakin is *already* talking to Kylo and that's *why* Kylo is evil. *dun dun dunnnnn*
I like to see every nominee before the ceremony. But I've never seen a Mad Max film. Will this be a problem? (same with Creed, I've only ever seen the first Rocky and that was a very long time ago)
No, I'm not entitled to content. I'm going to get it anyway. The internet is so faceless, so removed from traditional human interaction, that I don't notice the consequences of what I do. I don't notice that Netflix is charging my credit card every month, and I don't notice that no one is being paid when I torrent something. I go with whatever system gives me the content more easily. I've both streamed and downloaded movies that I *own on DVD on a shelf ten feet away*, because I don't feel like getting up. We've reached a tipping point. We now have access to all content. The route that access takes doesn't matter anymore unless two services are competing for the same content...in which case I will choose the faster, easier option regardless of any ethical considerations. I don't *see* the ethical considerations on my computer screen. It's not an excuse...it's an explanation. This is the mindset providers must deal with. I have no interest in sticking it to the man.
Q is omnipotent and as such he probably has at least some ability to see the future (though he and other Q have shown "surprise" at times). He may have left Voyager out there because it was *supposed* to be out there for some reason. Indeed, Voyager does play a critical role in a conflict between two powerful species that has ramifications affecting the entire galaxy...if you haven't reached that point yet, you will soon.
It's the offseason so my memory is cloudy but I thought that rotation was implemented, or at least cemented, *with* the Astros move. But yeah that's how it currently works.
I remember turning this off when I got to the part where they said the European explorer ships were *literally invisible* to the Indians because *they'd never seen ships before.*
I can assure you as an expert on Trek canon that there is absolutely no reference anywhere in any episode or film to there being a "new" Qo'noS. There is no reason to think it's not the same planet. It would not be impossible for them to have resettled (and potentially renamed not just the planet but geographical locations), but there is no evidence they did so.
If there is evidence it would seem you're the only one who's noticed it. M-A never mentions it in any relevant article.
Well Kirk is still the same *actual person*. Chekov and this new character were *conceived* at different times.
Why would you think a video that is framed perfectly enough to show both the people and the otherwise unoccupied umbrella is fake?
I'm not registering a complaint, only recording an observation. It's a different *timeline,* and the same rules of logic still apply. They can change whatever they wish, but if they're going to change the *decade* in which a character was born, it must be pointed out that it can't be the same physical person, even if we otherwise don't notice a difference.
Kirk had already been conceived when the divergence occurred. The biological, physical human being was already there...when he was actually born wouldn't have been relevant. Note that there could easily be *psychological* changes because of being born a week earlier, that a character could have a different *personality* and thus be a different "person." I'm strictly discussing the physical being.
For some reason I read this in the voice of the [Polite Arrested Australian.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pEsZkTTgydc)
My best guess would be in "The Return" when Andy walks up behind Michael and agrees with him without knowing what he said. Andy: I feel ya, dawg. Michael: Yeah? What did I say? Andy: ...you said...*rid-dit-dit-duh-doo.* Which is like...right on. And Pam was like, "blah blah blah" and you were all "pshh." Nailed it. I can't be sure but I don't remember any instances before that.
It looked like a hole had been punched in the fabric of the sky and light was streaming in.
&gt; which could easily prove it to be a hoax If there are things that could easily prove something was a hoax, it would be accepted as a hoax.
I rested all the last dreams of my fading youth on Joe Mauer and I'll never give up on him.
I'll give a shout out to AR-558. That was heavy and raw, nothing like it in Trek before (well, fought between real people, and not between Abraham Lincoln and Kahless), and it was probably the darkest part of the darkest part of the darkest series, demonstrating that this perfect future we dream of is, in the words of the episode's sequel, only a paper moon, and at times must be vigilantly defended at great cost. In space, my favorite sequence isn't a battle, but the end of "Call to Arms" when Sisko has fled DS9, barely escaped, lost his son, and lamented the imminent destruction of the Federation. He grimly orders the Defiant forward, and we see it fly past us, away from Bajor and toward...the largest fleet of starships we've ever seen. It's easy to forget that was the first time we'd *ever* seen more than a few ships on screen at once. It was a kick-ass way to end a season.
There's gin and tonic in that nebula.
It's among television's most famous cliffhangers and should be treated as such.
I do. Silk is produced by the spinneret, an organ usually located on the underside of a spider. Most spiders have multiple spinnerets each producing a different type of silk.
Because Prime Scotty *is* [missing a finger.](http://i.stack.imgur.com/WqWcU.png)
I don't know why there is something instead of nothing. We're working on it. Maybe we'll figure it out someday. We've figured out pretty much everything else so far, so I'm optimistic. &gt; that doesn't mean such an answer doesn't exist. Indeed. There is an explanation, it's just a question of whether we can figure it out, and whether anyone's guessed correctly so far. There's no reason to think anyone has. Some physicists talk about bubbles and branes and so on. Religious folks just say God. It's all guesses. It's just that some guesses carry more weight than others. Some guesses are more sound than others. Some guesses actually start with the question, as we understand the question today, and frame themselves specifically to answer it, as opposed to guesses written millennia before the question even existed, tailored to answer completely different questions but rephrased into a modern context that doesn't hold rational merit.
The attitude toward the newer seasons on reddit? The attitude toward the newer seasons has been a tradition of fans for *over twenty years.* I was saying "this show sucks now, I miss classic Simpsons" before some of these redditors were born. IT'LL HAPPEN TO *YOU*
Ships have fired torpedoes at surface targets from orbit.
