I thought it was #69....
This might be a way to defeat school vouchers - get Satanists together to start a voucher school, the atheists, the Wiccans, etc, etc. Uproar ensues, program is shut down after many dollars spent on attorneys.
Perpetual Motion
Insurance companies will charge appropriately - if you want to keep one at home in a gun safe, you'll pay one price. You want to CC, you'll pay a higher price, commensurate with the risks of there being a payout. You have a problem with that?
I never understood the appeal of Hollister. It's named after a shitty town that has a zillion earthquakes a year and half the houses in town have cracked foundations due to the fault.
Some friends of mine at University of Tennessee in 76 were taking a course in the geology of the National Parks. The professor didn't know jack shit about the pronounciations, and I am forever stuck with "Too-o-loom Meadows" in my mind. Tuolumne is pronounced tuh-WALL-uh-mee, folks.
There's a reason why they are referred to as **F**ound **O**n **R**oad **D**ead
Will they recuse themselves? Probably not.
Maybe it Fucked Over Road Device...
That short wheelbase means it's lousy for towing, though.
When it's charm and personality are "You can send your kids off to the Persian Gulf to get the oil I need to drive this stupidly impractical resource guzzling vehicle as compensation for my other shortcoming", I think I'll take a pass.
I was in college and was visiting a friend at CalTech the Tuesday before the original Star Wars opened. Went to dinner with him, they made an announcement at dinner that there was going to be car pooling sign ups for a trip to see it that Friday. Much cheering and hollering ensued.
Are they from virgin camels?
That oil train is gonna derail and blow up the basement.
I worked for the guy who brought those locomotives to our railroad many years ago as general manager. He totally ignored the practicalities of using those engines for our service, and they were in the shop half the time - couldn't make transition, all sorts of electrical problems.
My mom asked me what I wanted for Christmas. I did a lot of baking, and I needed a good pyrex measuring cup. She got me a cheap plastic measuring cup instead.
Classic fatherhood moment for my brother- Step daughter, loudly, in crowded shopping mall "You are NOT my father" She was a bit of trouble to raise.
This is why we need a constitutional amendment that if a presidential nominee is not voted upon with 60 days, they are automatically confirmed for their office. Enough of this bullshit.
Get an ID card? Our local DMV isn't on a bus route, isn't open on Saturday. So non-drivers have to get somebody to take them to the DMV during the work week, wait through the DMV process, etc. etc. The whole idea is to knock out a percentage of the voters who would tend to vote Democratic. The Republicans are just playing the percentages - and destroying the concept of democracy.
They just wanted to see if he was truly out. No reaction? Time to start going in.
Edited to reflect that.
Walker doesn't think far enough ahead - he's probably thinking that by taking such socially conservative stands, he can win the primaries and be the nominee. But he fails to recognize that this is now a losing position in the general election.
Orange is the new scalar fruit.
Build a transmission system and a lot of wind turbines across the great plains to provide electricty to run battery powered autos. For those that need long range, use the electricity to generate hydrogen trhough electrolysis. Electrify the major rail routes to reduce fuel consumption there. Those actions would get us off imported oil pretty darn fast.
Those who invested in mortgage backed securities that the banksters were trading against with false bond ratings behind them certainly lost a lot and should be compensated.
And the alternative if the Fed hadn't done it? They would have gone under. No net damage, suit dismissed.
Yes, I recognize that, but some banksters did sell to individual investors. Our local school district played the market by borrowing at their tax exempt rate and investing in MBS securities at a higher rate. Value of the underlying investment crashed pretty much as soon as they bought it. Mucho buckos for the lawyers later, they got their money back - S&amp;P had applied a rating that was obviously fraudulent.
And our military expenditures are a major reason why our (US) economy is being dragged down.....
If it had been an ordinary risk, that would be one thing. However, because S&amp;P gave them a undeserved favorable rating, the investors were defrauded. The banksters were selling many of these investments, going into the market and selling theirs*and then going out on the market to devalue them further by selling short*.
The $3.6 billion deficit represented a wish list budget from the various departments, which they never get. The better figure is probably around $1.2 billion. The amount of borrowing has increased, and budget gimmicks abound. Walker has set up some very large structural deficits for the future, with further cuts to the income tax on the top brackets.
Who would want to watch?
Hey, Walker's trying to do the same with our state Supreme Court. He got a constitutional amendment passed that changed how the Chief Justice was selected because he didn't like the one that had the slot because of seniority. And now the court is to decide a major case about Walker's campaign coordination with independent committees. And at least two of the members of the Supreme Court face the same legal issue, but are not recusing themselves.
Thanks for confirming that I made the right decision to not get a trampoline for my kids when they were growing up.
Of course they consider this to be a market distorting subsidy. But $100 billion in annual defense costs in the Persian Gulf? that's "protecting 'Murica's interests".
&gt; Rail is not a enumerated power of the federal government, Neither were the air force or NASA. Railroads were a technology invented after the Constitution was written, and is a logical extension of post roads. Besides, it's also covered under the "promote the general welfare" clause. Just about anything can be justified by that language.
We still have private railroads. They haul freight. However, they couldn't compete in the passenger market against a subsidized highway system and subsidized airlines. Do I wish passenger rail was not subsidized? Yes. But I recognize that is not realistic for unsubsidized rail passenger service to compete against subsidized services.
That's $834 million over 10 years, or $83 million per year. Amtrak is mandated to provide food service on trains that run over a certain number of hours. And it's not just hamburgers - it's things like french toast for breakfasts and full fledged dinners. Do you expect people who will be on a train for a day or two, like on the western routes, to bring enough food for brown bagging their entire journey? Averaged out across their system, it only amounts to $2.83 per rider. I know that the state supported train from Maine to Boston, which contracts out the food service, only has a loss of 37 cents per passenger - but you have to remember, those passengers are on the train for only a very short time, and only need microwaveable stuff and coffee, not full fledged breakfasts, lunches, and dinners.
&gt; that clause doesn't invalidate the rest of the constitution it needs to work within the framework work it sets up. It is just as valid as a clause as all the others. It works on a stand alone basis. Yes, it literally is up to congress to figure what they want to justify as promoting the general welfare. I suppose you're one of those who wants to go back to "original intent" of the framers, right?
I expect her to use a junior grade producer to do some research. 10 minutes of research assistant's time would have cleared this up before hand. Sean Hannity claimed the Stevens Creek Elementary School "Banned the Declaration of Independence" back in 2004 or 2005. Really? You actually think a school banned the DoI? Don't you think that is counter intuitive enough that it deserves a few minutes of a research assistant's time? Not Mr. Hannity, he was shooting for the triple takedown of California, by association liberals, and public schools, and pretty much got away with it. (It was a false claim)
I saw Russ Feingold's notes for a 20-30 minute speech at the state Democratic convention. One page with about 50 words handwritten on it.
He continued to lie. Even the teacher involved in the lawsuit said on stage with Hannity "that is a bit of a stretch". The teacher was a "Christian Nation" type, whose principal had required him to get her approval of supplemental teaching materials because he had gotten to religiony in class and parents had complained. The principal told him that he couldn't use a document that emphasized the theological references in the DoI ("Divine Providence", "Nature's God", etc.), teacher sued, a Christian rights advocacy group provided the attorneys, and touted it as "school banned the DoI", even though it was in the textbooks and hung in the library. Went through the usual echo chamber, and Hannity picked it up, school got all sorts of nasty and threatening emails and phone calls, had to bring in the sheriff's department for a while. I'm disappointed the school district didn't sue Hannity for slander.
Not hard to miss them in the grass. I came within two feet of mowing one of them with the haybine.
He should spend exactly as much time in prison as what the victim was sentenced to.
I saw all sorts f two legged animals in the city.
I wonder what punishments they have for white collar crime.
That's why mandatory background checks for all sales are needed to make it an *enforceable* law.
But the law is largely unenforceable - that's why mandatory background checks are necessary to make it enforceable.
The Missouri study found that loosening gun laws increased the murder rate, even after adjusting for changes in demographics. The Connecticut study finds that tightening gun purchase laws reduced the murder rate. What more evidence do you need?
&gt; It fails to discuss how gun violence is decreasing across the United States as a whole, The Connecticut study adjusted for that. They found 40% fewer guns murders than if the state had just followed the national trend. Read the article.
Mandatory background checks are much more enforceable.
The Missouri study accounted for changes/differences in demographics, which your "32% higher" probably doesn't.
Mandatory background checks are designed more to keep people from selling to the wrong person. It is enforceable because police can go undercover, and if they can do a single buy without the seller doing the background check, they can arrest the seller on the spot. Presently, the loophole is the "knowingly" sell to a felon phrase. So there are a lot the sellers who just want to make a buck who aren't willing to ask. And when they tell you "no questions asked", we all know what's going on.
There's either a sign, or look on the post for the crossbucks, or if it is a signalized crossing, there should be a nearby metal box, usually 5-8 feet tall, and there is often a sticker on the side of that with the phone number.
i used to work for a railroad. One day in winter, I had to go out and look at a diamond (a place where tracks cross each other) and looked and listened before I walked up to the diamond. Within a minute, I had a train practically on top of me - they can be very quiet if there is snow on the ground.
I ship stuff by rail, in my own cars. Each car is specialized for the commodity it hauls. Goes back empty to the origin point for the next load. Generally, only boxcars and flatcars have a chance of being loaded both ways. But even for those, there are predominate directions of loaded travel , such as hauling lumber and paper out of forested regions towards consumers, but not much headed back towards the forested region.
Yeah, try all sorts of tricks while the train is coming at you..... First, get OUT OF THE CAR, call the phone number on the crossbuck post, sign, or signal box. Then figure out if it's safe to try your remedies.
Considering the consequences (loose guns on the street), I should think the law abiding citizens would want there to be mandatory background checks in order to cut down on crime. Background checks can be set up to be done on the internet, or through your local PD.
Not a sensitive spot - it happened before I met my ex - no apology needed. I just post this whenever I read about people using strangling to enhance the sexual experience so that we don't have horny teens left ignorant and in the dark about what could go wrong.
Congrats, and welcome to the club!
Is it an industry track, or a mainline? Mainlines should all have some sort of signage, not sure about industry tracks.
If he wins, what will call that thing on his head? First Muskrat? First Hairpiece?
Naw, it's missing Walker. His lies catching up to him will be hilarious.
&gt; My selling a pistol I don't want online has absolutely zero effect on illegal firearms. Yeah, right. Who are you selling it to? Some guy who asks "You don't need any identification from me, do you?" And if it's not you, it'll be somebody else who sells it to him. That's why background checks need to be required to staunch the flow of guns from the legal side of life to the illegal side of life.
I didn't say it would stop him - it'll be hilarious when somebody asks him "Are you in favor of voter id requirements?" Of course, he'll say yes, "to prevent voter fraud." Then the followup question will be "But didn't you illegally vote for Ronald Reagan yourself?" (Walker claims to have voted for Reagan in '88, but he was to young to vote in that election.) No Jiffy Pop for me this election, I want the good stuff - air popped, plenty of real butter.
There's a lot of people who commit felonies for fun and profit. Especially profit.
Came here to say this should be on the list. Damn scary what they do to those kids.
&gt; If he's buying and selling phones off craiglist, he probably doesn't expect them to be stolen. Doesn't expect them to be stolen? Yeah, riiiiight......
Put a [GORE] label on it, please.
It's not the tax rate that is the problem, it's the credits, deductions, exemptions, and definitions of what income and expenses are. We SHOULD soak the rich. They are the only ones who have the serious money, and they don't need very much more money to survive.
I'm not talking about a 90% marginal top rate like we had under Eisenhower. But certainly something higher then the 15% rate that is paid on long term capital gains. (BTW, at the rate I'm going, I do expect to be in the upper 10% this year under normal accounting rules, but I won't pay a lot of taxes because of the accelerated depreciation rules)
He knew what the environment was when he was making the 250K jobs promise. And he failed miserably.
That is where the job growth has been, defending Walker from the investigations for campaign finance violations.
&gt; Accelerated depreciation is a loophole that leftists hate. When you can write off a railcar in 7 years (they have a 50 year life) or a nuclear power plant in 15 years, with similarly ridiculous short tax depreciation lives for all other kinds of machinery, that's a distortion that subsidizes capital goods as compared to labor. So any profit maximizing business is going to spend a little more on machinery to replace labor than if the deprecition schedules were more reasonably related to the life of the equipment. Capital begets tax laws begets more profit. The money holders win again. Back in the late 1970's people were buying railcars as investments. They'd put 20% down, got 10% back as investment tax credit, plus double declining balance depreciation. They would send the railcars out onto the national system to earn per diem rents, and be earning well over a 75% RONI because of the way financing and tax laws interact. When I buy capital goods for my small business, the banker wants to see what it does to my taxes. And if I can get Uncle Sam to effectively pay for 25-30% of my capital purchases, my banker is happy. i think it is helpful for small businesses, because it is so difficult to get capital, but bad for employment in the long run.
I support the goal of creating jobs, it's just that Walker is going about it the wrong way, and the results prove that out. He barely reached 50% of his goal. The economy grows from the middle class out. Not trickle down. Not supply side. From the demand side. Scott Walker has screwed up in so many ways just so he can position himself to win the Republican nomination. When he took on the public employee unions he scared that entire sector of the workforce to hunker down and conserve their cash instead of spending it. High speed rail? Nope, it involved those stinky federal dollars. Expand health insurance coverage for the poor? Nope, again it involved icky federal dollars. Alternative energy? Can't have that here, smells too green and pure - despite the fact that we have two companies that build the towers for wind turbines in our state and many more businesses involved in supplying electrical transmission equipment. So the wind developers made their investments elsewhere. But if those dollars had come to our state, we would have had more money flowing through our economy *at the proper strata so it would generate jobs through the multiplier effect*. But no, Walker gave tax cuts to businesses and the rich, and those dollars don't circulate in the economic strata where jobs are created. Further, by showing such an ideological bent in furtherance of his presidential ambitions, he chased away businesses in bio-tech. If you ran a business that was involved in stem cell research, would you bring your business here knowing that Walker may go on a pro-life bender and pass a bill that hurts your company just so he can boost his cred with that segment of the republican presidential primary voting base? And the tax cuts to encourage job growth - any businessperson recognizes they are both fiscally and politically unsustainable, so the question is what is the tax structure going to be in the future? He's created such uncertainty on taxation that businesses are wary of locating here because they don't know what the tax code is going to look like just 5 years out. Now on highway funding, they are showing that they are not willing to tax to pay for what they have committed to. It looks like the Zoo interchange rebuild is going to be badly delayed, even though it is a project that has already been started. Result? One giant traffic nightmare at the state's busiest interchange for years to come. Or instead of taxing as appropriate, the republicans are considering borrowing more to pay for these projects - weighing down the state with more debt, which is going to limit our options in the future. Up until now, Walker has had free reign with the legislature rubber stamping every one of his ideas. *He had his chance, and we have the results, and despite having the 2nd highest potential for growth of all the states (according to the Philadelphia Fed) we came in 35th for job growth.* How's that for success? So Walker has screwed up in just about every way possible. If you really wanted to bring jobs to Wisconsin, you'd do just about the opposite of what Walker has done. Edits: add paragraph, clarity
Yes I do it because if I want a loan from my banker, he would think I'm nuts not to. I disagree with the rules, but I have to play the game within the rules.
I'm still paying off debt from a spectacularly bad year in 1999. I could have declared bankruptcy and walked away with the home intact, but no, I decided to do the right thing, borrowed money, and paid off my suppliers. At this point, I'm just making sure I have enough for a reasonable retirement. I'm only paying myself half of what I earned 20 years ago working for another company. And the last thing I want is more "stuff".
How to tell the difference between a black bear and a grizzly: 1. Check the molars 2. Look for gunshot wounds in the back.
&gt;Reasonable retirement of at least 10 mill? Now you're being an asshole. I'm thinking $2 million, and I'm 57 already, so I have to get crackin'.
They should just ban the sale of manufactured cigarettes, but allow for the sale of tobacco and rolling supplies. The trouble and taste of crappy hand rolled cigarettes will turn most smokers off right away.
I like his policies. I am concerned about his age. I'd be really inclined to vote for him if he'd learn to get those stray hairs under control so he doesn't look like some doddering old crackpot. Image is important on TV.
Because Hillary is married to the first black president.
&gt; limiting magazine size doesn't solve any problems. IIRR, both the Tucson shooter and the Portland shooter were taken down while changing magazines. the more frequently they have to change magazines, the more opportunity to disrupt them.
It's always easy to create scenarios where you will need MOAR GUNZ, be it firing speed or magazine capacity. "The little old lady might have her home invaded by a gang of 30 thugs on PCP. She needs a fully automatic gun with 100 round magazine to take them down if that ever happens." &gt;I live in black and grizzly territory, and also boar/Javelina territory. Javelina and grizzlies don't share the same range.....and generally boars and bears live at different elevations. Wikipedia lists the weight of a full grown adult javelina as 44 to 88 pounds. And you're worried about that? Or are you worried about little old ladies out on their ATV's being attacked by javelinas? I smell something..... Keeps your scenarios realistic, and don't expect the vast majority of us to be subject to 100 round drum magazines just because you want to go out and tempt the bears.
&gt; and 4-5 guys break in, How realistic is that? &gt;I would feel much more comfortable with 30 rounds in one magazine than 10. And there's a lot of us who would feel more comfortable with a magazine limit of 10. Namely all those who live in cities and suburbs. You're asking all those people to take extra risk because you want to live in a remote area and protect yourself against a generally unrealistic scenario where you are going to take down 4 or 5 guys without them hitting you? Only in movies are the bad guys such lousy shots.
Actually, there are quite a few enlightened multi millionaires and bilionaires, such as the [Patriotic Millionaires](http://patrioticmillionaires.org/) who think along the same lines as Sanders. Buffett and Gates both support higher marginal tax rates on the welathy.
&gt; I'm not asking you to take any extra risk. Yes, you are asking me to take more risk that there will be a crazed guy at the shopping mall or movie theater who wants to get his name on the front page and has greater capacity to do so. &gt;All I'm trying to do is to have you see why people want to keep their constitutional right to have more than ten rounds in their firearm. They have a constitutional right to a firearm. However, the Supreme Court has ruled that aspects can be regulated, at this point there is no "constitutional right" to have magazines of greater than 10 round capacity. Or at least that apparently hasn't been tested in the courts. &gt;Bears, coyotes, etc are an issue that people watch for everyday and god forbid you get stuck on a trail with only ten rounds and you encounter a bear, you better make those ten shots count and pray it runs or dies. How come whenever the talk is of limiting magazines to ten rounds, that is poo-poo'ed because an experienced shooter can change magazines in 1.7 seconds, but when it comes time to defend yourself against a bear, that 10 round magazine is an undue burden to change out? The past two summers, I've hiked over 160 miles in the Sierras. How many bears did I see? One, 25 minutes after getting out to the trailhead and waiting to be picked up.
&gt;Nowhere in the SC decision did they talk about regulating ammunition capacity. The language of "dangerous and unusual weapons" can be used to limit magazine capacity, much like machine guns are restricted because of their firing speed. The bear/magazine capacity argument is this: Whenever there is a discussion about limiting magazines to 10 rounds to hinder mass shooters, pro-gun people will say, "Heck, with practice, anybody can change a magazine in 2 seconds. Therefore a restriction on magazine capacity won't slow down a mass shooter." Okay, then why can't "anybody with practice" change out a magazine fast enough in a bear attack? You can't say it **won't** slow down the mass shooter, and in the next breath say it **will** slow you down defending yourself from the bear.
&gt; I'm glad you didn't see but one bear when in the Sierras. About the Sierra bears - when bear/human management rules went into effect in the 1990's regarding food storage, it has made a dramatic difference. I heard a ranger talk where they explained that negative bear/human interactions with property damage are down by 85% from pre-regulation levels. Backpackers are required to use bear resistant canisters for food storage, all food is required to be stored in heavy metal bear resistant boxes instead of your vehicle. An interesting side result is that the bears have lost their aggressiveness, and are much more timid and easily scared off by yelling at them - because they have found that they can't get food from humans and vehicles anymore.
doobie doobie doo...
&gt; They wouldn't push a bunch of mercs down into Mexico, armed with US military gear, Oh, you mean like the US has done in the banana republics?
Because the prohibited types of guns will be too available for criminals to get. Got to make it a national law to be really effective. Just like the Chicago laws on handguns. Don't have to drive very far to get around the prohibitions.
I'm just pointing out that the US certainly isn't as pure as the driven snow on this issue.
On September 6, 1962 a 20 pound chunk of Sputnik IV [landed in Manitowoc, WI](http://www.roadsideamerica.com/story/12959). Although that one was apparently a heavier one that could survive re-entry better than the Sputnik shown here.
May not think after this.
Considering most music loses it's number of plays after three months, it's a pretty shitty move on Apple's part. Especially when you consider Apple's wealth.
Sale *and possession* of extended magazines or kits to extend should be illegal. It's a little harder to rig up such a large boulder than going to a store to get a gun. The "Mental health! Mental health!" cry is just a diversion for the NRA to delay any action on equipment. Yes, it is a problem. And yes, I wish the media wouldn't publicize the shooter's names to discourage those who are seeking fame. But because mental health is such a squishy science - one man's psych's psycho may fall within another psych's range of normal - it is very hard to legislate. However, I do favor the legislation like what they have in California - relatives can request confiscation of guns from people whom they have concerns, and the individual has a right to get a hearing within 21 days. I've known a couple of people whom I would have liked to invoked that law on.
Got my son believing that the [Mount Sutro Tower](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sutro_Tower) was the crate the Transamerica Pyramid came in.
Actually there was [one link](http://www.cnbc.com/id/101634240) that discussed a survey of millionaires regarding taxation. I chose not to use it because the description is somewhat screwy - it says almost two thirds want to be taxed more in one part, but in another part says "51 percent of American millionaires believe inequality is a "major problem" for the U.S., and of those, nearly two-thirds support higher taxes". So I couldn't figure out if it was 2/3'rds of all millionaires or just 2/3rd's of millionaires who believe income inequality is a problem. But it is an interesting read, albeit short on details.
&gt; You forgot to mention that the all-season tires will not kill you before they start eating you. Has happened.
Where do they send orphaned baby chicks? Foster Farms (for those who don't get it, [Foster Farms](http://www.fosterfarms.com/) is a brand of packaged chicken meat)
I still hold a grudge against Sears. I applied for a Sears card out of college - I had a good paying job with a major company, I had graduated in three years from college, but was denied. My brother, who took five years to graduate and didn't have a job, got a mailing for one, applied, and got it. 37 years later, I still hold that grudge.
When the entire plant is nothing but a bt factory, I don't think you've reduced pesticide use..........
&gt; Walmart specialize is low prices Not really. They may have a crappy made in China/Malaysia/Pakistan/Honduras knockoff product in most categories that is cheap, but when comparing name brand items against other stores, you'll find they are the same price or higher.
&gt;because the maids that came to clean would be seeing the educational materials Actually this type of shenanigans is common amongst the big charities. Sending out a fundrasiing letter? Include a few tidbits about their cause de nom, and chalk up a bunch of "education" expenses.
Better performance art than that guy that drank the blue dye.
No, you're not dying. You're already dead.
Niagara has several bottling plants, so just because it's Niagara water doesn't mean it's part of the recall. Check the codes.
Toilet paper rolls can go in the recyclables.
Contrary opinion here- Back in the 40's and 50's or so, tonsillectomies were a common procedure to cure chronic sore throats. However, the usefulness of this in most cases has been discredited, and we no longer do the volume of tonsillectomies that we used to. Would you have wanted mandatory tonsillectomies? Likewise for circumcision.... you can hear the "..for the prevention of the spread of STD's" from some quarters now, right? Would you want those to be mandatory?
No, he added to the discussion. There are indeed "fat germs" that affect your gut and your cravings. It is important that we acknowledge that these exist, so research can work further on solving the problem.
We we moved to a farm, we took our kids in to the doctor for shots, checkups, etc. The previous owners had horses, and the doctor told us to let the kids run around barefoot to get little nicks and cuts with tetanus germs so they would be naturally immune. Better than the shot, she said.
And of course the viruses mutate all the time. I lived around a fairly progressive Amish community, they vaccinated. Got whooping cough, apparently a mutated strain had gone through the Amish like wildfire and spread to the larger community. Vaccines aren't the perfect panacea they are made out to be.
I was thinking more along the lines of "Draw me like those french girls". Maybe it's been too long since I've had any sex......
She is a beautiful Republican Princess after all....
Take it for a walk! This oughtta be good!
&gt; would require a very large (illegal) immigrant labor force likely from Mexico to do all the weeding, I've done some damn fine weed control just by panting rye as a cover/plowdown crop and cultivating, thank you. Rotary hoes and the cultivation tools made by the [Bezzerides Brothers](http://bezzerides.com/) make it pretty easy, actually.
&gt;Monsanto is not involved in manipulation of reddit comments to my knowledge, Of all the topics that come up, GMO's, guns and nuclear are the ones that I suspect have professional PR people participating. Answers are just too slick and PR-ish for them to be amateurs.
Doesn't look like it's having sex to me.
Enhance!
ECM- Electronic Counter Measures
The paper industry of Wisconsin thanks you.
I'm on Reddit.
Family tree or family wreath?
In college, I was stopped on the sidewalk by a gal who asked if I was looking for a summer job. I asked what it was, and she said she couldn't really explain it at the moment, but emphasized it was for a subsidiary of the LA Times. Kind of an orangeish flag, but I decided to show up the following evening because the LA Times was a respectable company. It was a group interview of 10-12 people, they were selling these student reference books that seemed kind of worthless, but it was more of a presentation than an interview. It hit me *"They're selling me on this job. It must be shitty."* It actually turned into a high pressure sales pitch for a job doing high pressure sales pitching door to door. You'd go to Memphis (it's now Nashville) on your own dime for the initial training, and then work on the on other side of the country (so it would be more difficult for you to quit and get back). Yes, folks, it was the [Southwestern Company](http://www.scam.com/showthread.php?25239-Southwestern-Company-a-scam/), which at the time was a subsidiary of the LA Times. I was looking for an out, when the presenter said "Now I'm sure there are some of you who aren't interested after hearing about this job. If so, we can part as friends now..." I stood up faster than I thought possible, said "Dinner is more important than this." and walked out, and a couple other did too. I'm sure once those of us walked out, we were tagged by the presenter as losers, and those who stayed were the strong winners, etc. etc.
You forgot "To be able to blame somebody else if the information turns out to be wrong."
&gt; he does look funny though ill give you that It's just about the same for half the humans I know.
&gt; The whole point of vouchers is to get the poor families in the expensive-ish private schools. **No.** The whole point of vouchers is to provide a kickback to religious voters by Republicans. I know voucher programs are mostly *sold as* "gettin' the po' folks kids out of the failing ghetto schools". When Wisconsin expanded it's voucher programs, there was an article in the paper about a family that used it to send their daughter to a religious school. They were prepared to pay the tuition themselves, but applied for a voucher and got it. Tell me how that got a poor kid out of a ghetto school?
We need some atheists and the Church of Satan to set up schools to see how much non-discrimination there is.....
&gt; ...but our rights really have been under attack... While my physical body has been under attack.....
And the cycle continues....
The NRA keeps saying the first steps should be keeping guns out of the hands of the mentally ill. Seeing as how the mentally ill A. Half the time don't recognize they are ill, and B. half the time refuse to get help; then how are you going to keep guns away from the mentally ill? This strikes me as a reasonable way to achieve that goal. I have a cousin who certainly should not have guns, I also have a friend who, if you read his internet postings, should not have guns. How else are we gong to stop these crazies from getting guns?
&gt; those gun owners are idiots who shouldn't own guns I fully agree.
Not to mention the pressure required to hold that much moisture in the air before the rain would have raised temperatures to "poach"
Looks like prison wasn't kind to Mr. Hovind.
I once had a creationist apologetic tell me that Hovind's alma mater, "Patriot University" was a "distinguished academic institution".
Maggot FTFY
I don't see why he ties a tax on speculative transaction to college education. Just tax speculative transactions - 50% of income from all trades done round trip within a week - ie, bought on a Tuesday, sold that following Friday. The conservatives would say "Whoa!, why would anybody work harder if they are going to be taxed like that! Laffer curve!" But in reality it is just a computer that has been given instructions making the trades. There's still plenty of leverage of the computer programmer's time. Free college is a worthy idea - but don't tie it to this tax.
I think the correct Trump signal would be a muskrat.
&gt; You can't buy a guy as an illinois resident in Indiana or Wisconsin if you don't have a license to purchase in Illinois.... Just go to a gun show, ask around who isn't an FFL, ask the non-FFL sellers if there's no questions asked, and get your gun.
[Cow Tools](http://agonist.org/cow_tools_revisiting_a_comic_masterpiece/)
In 1972, two buddies and I were riding our bicycles from San Jose to Malibu. After a night of camping at Pinnacles Nat'l Monument (now a Nat'l Park) we got up real early because we had a long hot day ahead of us. It was just starting to show where the sun would be rising when we left the park, and the road goes out through a valley. We started hearing noises on the hillsides above us. The noise could only be described as half machine, half animal. We all started pedaling a little faster, and we kept hearing it, but none of us said anything. We just kept incrementing our speed up a little faster, a little faster, until we were practically sprinting the hell out of there. We got to the junction with the highway, didn't bother with the stop sign and headed south, still close to sprinting speed. After a little while, we took a break at the top of a hill, and then we all confirmed we had heard it, noted how freaky it was, and that was the end of it.
Protecting 'Murica from Terrists!!
I think discourse began sinking to new lows when: 1. Morton Downey Jr. would yell "pablum puker" at any notion that was liberal on his show. 2. Reagan would make statements that , while on the face were true to some degree, completely misrepresented the situation, such as "trees cause pollution". 4. Rush Limbaugh started the "us vs. them" meme in full force, while playing loose with the facts. However, most people recognized him as the blowhard he is. 5. Sean Hannity packaged his slanderous use of "facts" with his alter-boy persona to make it respectable. Combine that with journalists afraid to call out the bullshit because they would be denied access and media companies with no sense of social responsibility but only a concern for the bottom line, and that's why American politics has descended into the Trump gutter.
&gt; That had been true since the beginning in Sacramento when Reagan was inaugurated as governor at midnight because, it was reported, that was the hour this woman set after perusing the zodiac. I remember there were reports at the time that the midnight swearing in was done because he feared "the communists" would disrupt the inauguration.
There's also the psychic income of working at a university in a generally relaxed atmosphere and the opportunity to teach a new generation of young people the things you know. Some people value those things over the almighty buck.
The problem it's one of those "give them an inch, they'll take a mile". Next thing you know the teachers will be "saying a little prayer".
The principal is everybody's PAL!
&gt; By driving religion out of the public sector entirely, that would be tantamount to favoring atheism. No, the government should not take a stand either favoring theism or favoring atheism or opposing either. The government should not concern itself with such matters.
If we sent in a bunch of Black Lives Matter protesters to join forces with the Militia types against the "evil gubmint", the militia guys would probably blow their own brains out at the sight of the BLM folks walking up to the building. Problem solved.
&gt;from land he perfectly legally held The government cancelled his grazing rights lease, Bundy hadn't paid his grazing fees, Bundy was just a moochin' welfare queeen rancher.
&gt; They're hypocrites and terrorists. I would say anarchists.
The term 'ammosexual' does pretty accurately describes them with one word.
Pick cotton? Seriously? They have machines for that these days, Mr. Bundy......
&gt; Bonus points if they have to walk past an embarrassing banner or something. You mean like "Mission Accomplished"? /s
But for these guys, weapons are their sexual outlet.
There is a lot of BS coming from the government. But these are definitely not the replacements we are looking for.
The Sovereign Citizen and Posse Comitatus movements are self styled constitutional experts who couldn't get a job teaching the constitution to kindergartners. Their theories are largely designed to back up an anti-tax slant, many of them are tax protesters who claim the IRS doesn't have authority to tax them. Yes, they are stupid fucking hicks, and unfortunately they tend to fuck without birth control, so they are reproducing.
No, double jeopardy is when the government tries you a first time, and you are found not guilty, the government can't prosecute you again a second time for the same crime.
and it's mostly a rest stop for birds.....
The building is on winter hours 8-4 Mon-Thursday, 8-3 on Fridays. One report I read said there are only 12 militia types in the building, a report that came from a woman who is a sympathizer who brought them food. I'm tempted to call the building and ask them WTF is going on?
They bring their open-carry weapons to BUrns, OR to intimidate the locals.
He was often considered the first "black" president. Google it.
Suggest you read up on the [Endorsement Test](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Endorsement_test) &gt;I fail to see how those passing references violate anyone's ability to embrace whatever religious or non-religious beliefs they choose to in the U.S. It doesn't infringe upon the ability of strong willed people to make their own religious choices, but it is often used by supporters of the favored religion a evidence of the superiority of said religion. Weak willed people will accept this as proof of the virtue of that religion. I believe Sandra Day O'Connor put it best in [Lynch v. Donnelly](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lynch_v._Donnelly): "The Establishment Clause prohibits government from making adherence to a religion relevant in any way to a person's standing in the political community. Government can run afoul of that prohibition in two principal ways. One is excessive entanglement with religious institutions ...The second and more direct infringement is government endorsement or disapproval of religion. Endorsement sends a message to nonadherents that they are outsiders, not full members of the political community, and an accompanying message to adherents that they are insiders, favored members of the political community." &gt;how does a general reference to God infringe It infringes upon atheists in a society where the government isn't supposed to endorse any sets of religious beliefs. &gt;It's the moral principles that underpin those religious references which have made the U.S. what is once was and could be again... The"moral principles" are fairly universal and not the result of "one true religion's" particular enlightened dogma. I read a wonderful analogy a while ago. It goes like this- The founding fathers of our country created a wonderful societal stew. It consisted of an economic framework for business to be transacted, a governmental framework for the proper regulation, development and defense of the country, and an educational framework of free public education all as part of creating a nourishing stew to grow communities and our country. However, there were those who insisted upon spicing up the stew with seasonings. Many wanted to season the communal stew pot with a heavy dose of salt. Others preferred a lighter dose of salt, some wanted pepper, others preferred paprika instead of salt. Some preferred to have no salt or seasonings at all. Those who wanted the heavy dose of salt kept on trying to sneak it into the communal stew pot. This led to many disagreements and arguing, during which the communal kettle of stew was ignored and the stew was overcooked and burned, ruining much of it. The remainder was ladled out into individual bowls, and each person was allowed to season their bowl as they wanted, or not season it at all. Everyone was nourished by it, and everyone got the taste of stew they wanted that way. Everyone can contribute to and get the benefits of our communal stew pot. But leave the seasoning out and let everybody spice their own bowl of stew as they please - otherwise it leads to too much disagreement.
A lot of federal actions are covered under the general welfare clause - Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: "The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States;" "General welfare" can be pretty much anything Congress deems to be worthy.
Upvote for "Yeehawdists"
A lot of federal actions are covered under the general welfare clause - Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: "The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States;" "General welfare" can be pretty much anything Congress deems to be worthy.
&gt; arson that did less than $1000 in damages I know a lot of that area is sagebrush, but I suspect they did more than $1000 in damages when burning 140 acres.
Throwing temper tantrums and waving your guns around because you think you need to project a bigger dick is being peaceful.
&gt; so we can afford a slower more measured approach. You don't want to give them time to accumulate arms and supplies.
&gt; The militiamen didn't show up until the BLM rode up in MRAPS and beat the family tazering and assaulting them. Bullshit.
More like "wanting the government to give them something for free by brandishing arms" vs. "protesting black people being killed with impunity"
&gt; This leaves the people living there in a very strange position where they have basically no opportunities to make a living from the land. They have been given opportunities to make a living off the land - at very cheap below market rental rates. Our collective values have changed, and we value portions of the landscape for wilderness, wildlife habitat, or open space. So the collectively owned land is now re-purposed for that. Same thing happens in urban and suburban America - the city wants a developer put up a shopping mall? They'll use eminent domain to take land that *you actually own, not rent.*
Well, maybe a half dozen!
The sentence was probably under appeal by the prosecutor all that time, so it wasn't like the possibility of more time wasn't sprung on them after they got out of jail.
Orange is the new scalar fruit.
Hunted meats are very rare on the market. For example, here in Wisconsin, deer season is only a short period of time. Most of the places that process the meat do not get the state certification and inspections to sell the meat, they only return to you the meat from the carcass you brought in. I doubt that the market would develop more, due to the meat processors not knowing how long a carcass had taken from being on the hoof to being delivered to the plant, and the cost of hunted meat. Further, here in Wisconsin, chronic wasting disease has infected the deer herd, so that raises more issues that have to be dealt with.
&gt; From their point of view, the case has no merit and they believe the men are innocent. They are not the trier of fact. The court found them guilty. &gt;but they have not harmed anyone, or anyones' personal property as of yet. They are waving their guns around as an intimidation campaign. &gt;Lastly, since when is protesting treason? When they call for overthrowing the government. &gt;Please, be less quick to spread this hateful nonsense. Can't you see they are spreading hateful nonsense?
I favor the approach where we send a bunch of armed Black Lives Matter folks in to join with them. The yeehawdists* would probably commit suicide first. * tip of the hat to u/ChronosFT for the first place I saw the term.
The old "how come there are no transitional fossils?" trick. Yes there are transitional fossils. Some evolutionary lineages are fairly complete. But there are a lot that we just haven't found yet. I'm amazed that scientists can find as many fossils as they can, because conditions have to be reasonably favorable for them to form. Much less they get buried under layers of rock, which makes it exponentially harder to find them. We see the transitions in so may other lineages, why should we expect there to be no more transitional fossils in our lineage? We just haven't found them yet. Evolution provides a theory that allows for predictions of outcomes, and those predictions have been found to be true. Now were are supposed to accept the christian's special pleading that it didn't work for humans?
When Occupy took over that park in New York, it was sort of on the basis that it was a public forum. When they tried to shut down the shipping in and out of the Port of Oakland, the police reacted and removed them. The wildlife refuge HQ is not a public forum. IIRR, aside from the Oakland protesters (whom I agree went too far) Occupy did not use the direct threat of violence to further their cause. The Bundys are almost solely using violence or the threat thereof to promote their cause.
It's not the friend to a friend sales that are the biggest problem. It's the no questions asked sale between people who don't know each other. Requiring background checks for all sales makes the law very enforceable - cops can just go undercover and make one buy without the background check to lay charges. Right now, they would have to do a lot more investigation - probably 50 to 100 times the man hours - to establish that someone is truly engaged in the business of selling guns.
49% of the guns came from out of state. It would be interesting to see what percent of guns recovered in Chicago were actually initially sold in Chicago. &gt;Chicago (or, more specificially, a very few communities in Chicago)) with stricter gun control continues to have problems despite the multitude of gun control laws that they've tried. And all that gun control seems to have an effect on [reducing the murder rate below other comparable urban areas](http://www.parentsagainstgunviolence.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/08/Chicago-all-1024x621.jpg)
&gt; Dealers licenses are required when selling multiple firearms repetitively. If the sellers follow the law. It's been demonstrated that sellers who claim they "aren't engaged in the business" (and thus don't need an FFL) show up a multiple gun shows. Not engaged in the business? Riiiiiight.......
&gt; Because that's 100% false. No, it's 100% bullshit.
The NRA needs to keep the "mental health" excuse as a distraction....
&gt;Your average urban motorist is far, far more willing to murder someone with their car to avoid a few seconds of delay than the government is to arrest a white protester. Hmmmm....maybe we could arrange for a temporary detour of a US highway right through the wildlife refuge.......
Need to pass a law real fast that occupying a federal building is a crime, with a sentence of minimum 1 year for each day occupied. Could be justified on the basis of all the money spent to deal with them.
How about a scratchy recording of Judy Garland singing "Over the Rainbow" repeatedly? Or maybe that scene from [PeeWee's Big Adventure](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QoJrjjy0WeU) where he annoys the fuck out of everybody, played at jet engine decibel volume?
&gt; Should we start dropping JDAMs and Hellfires on them? No. Don't we have some new weapons we could test on them?
But they forgot their snacks!
&gt; the fact that they are not posing an imminent threat to anyone. But if we don't put a stop to this nonsense, they will be back and be an imminent threat someplace else.
So it's "We know you're sick, but we'll let you keep your destructive weapon." That is just as bad. No easy solution. That's why California's law to allow relatives to report people who shouldn't have weapons to authorities for a hearing is a good idea - it's not the gun owner who has to turn themselves in, other observers can.
Well, I guess you have to draw a line someplace......
It was snacks they forgot to bring and asked for on Twitter. I hope they at least remembered to bring their blankies for their naptime.
KERMIT! PUT THE CUP DOWN!!
This is actually very true - in Yosemite, bear human conflicts are down by 85%, and there's been a corresponding drop in property damage to cars. Further, it has changed the whole bear/human dynamic. Bears know they can't get food from backpackers out on the trail because they use bear canisters. So they rarely bother the backpackers, and if they do, they aren't aggressive, the are timid and can easily be scared away. I hiked the 211 mile John Muir Trail 2013-2015. Did not see a single bear on the trail. Only saw one 25 minutes after finishing my 2014 segment at the trailhead at Road's End in King's Canyon - 15 miles off the trail.
PLUS a $25 bag fee
Time for the Satanic Church to distribute literature!
&gt; Yeah but Romney never really seemed like a person Corporations like Romney are people too!
How tough could it be? Sarah Palin got one.
