That's exactly what "worth it" means in that chart...
cumulus mango and autumn sky 20pg/80vg 0mg
sounds yummy
The shipping was free and that's the only reason why I haven't called the post office and bitched them out about it. I can understand it taking awhile for it to get from NY to Houston because of all the recent flooding, but 10 hours to get from the hub facility to my local post office is ridiculous.
0mg nic 80/20
I have no real need for the box but i do want a black or white subtank mini
reddit enhancement suite helps
ill probaby upgrade right away. but im willing to deal with any BS
love the name
then why waste the time to set it up in the first place?
I'm not questioning the site itself just the store section which receives no attention from the owner.
Then why bother to have an online store in the first place.
no sry
I'm the same way, the only reason I ever go to a B&amp;M anymore us to pick up some juice when I'm low and don't feel like waiting for shipping. With the ludacris prices and and often rude employees there isn't much of a reason to support most of them.
awesome
80/20 0mg
high VG, 0mg
a secret
Welp that just another reason to make me not go to California
In order to be a "good" politician you need to have no real beliefs or values and just sell your vote to the highest bidder.
You say that until they push a bill through classifying E-Juice as a Tobacco product.
raising the smoking age will have very little if any effect on underage users.
It wantonly did this to me and I haven't messed with and settings, but thanks for the advice I'll look at it.
Throughout the entire match, it makes torping harder.
Everyman I've tried
I think all of us that own it did the same and a lot of us that didn't own it, bought it.
Possibly but it was working fine with the mods for a week or 2
Green apple and grapefruit
Sweet sunrise 80vg 0mg nic
Black IPv4 and 2 Sony vtc4's, please!
100843543
I love trying new rda's
Love the color scheme
Myst, Fruit Salad, Candy Apple, Acai Berry, and Frozen Hell Thank you!
Paragon Little boy Franken vape 0mg
Castle Long is the clear winner, live the UI
the issue persist, at this point im probably just going to reinstall.
BLAME CANADA!
Sweet
༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ
Peanut butter and jesus
If only it wasn't ugly bulky and awkward.
In all my years(25 of them) I've never seen anyone that ignorant. I hope you and your friend educated him.
Only when I accidentally click the icon, I get out of it as soon as possible.
This is all you need.
How about we at least wait to see a release date before pre-ordering. That being said I will most likely pre-order it when the various editions are announced.
Comfort of grip? I don't know about you but I hate the edges on most box mods.
Good thing it wasn't a corsair
He's right though... Am I missing something here?
1. Can be cheaper. 2. You can control what ohms the coil is at. 3. You can choose what quality if cotton to use. 4. You can choose the type of wire used. Basically as long as you have the patience, dexterity, tools and materials required there is very little reason to buy pre-made coils(unless you have a tank where rebuilding is stupidly hard)
I gatta call you out on that, unless you can get your wire for less than about 12¢ a foot(cheapest I've seen is around 25¢ per foot) or make really tiny coils, what you claim is exaggeration.
It is with the RBA section
More than some. I was using it as a way of saying in my limited experience with people.
Lol everyone starts somewhere, yes the subtank mini is considered an RTA because it has the RBA section that you can build your own coil on.
I use anywhere from 3 to 6
Where?
I usually do dual with kanthal and single with nickel
No you are probably right, I made a huge miscalculation involving the average price per foot. The cheapest I've bought kanthal at would be about 7¢ per foot, for a coil using 4 inches that would cost around 2.7¢.
I realize that after I noticed my miscalculation of a foot for 20 cents instead of 5-10 cents depending on the Guage.
If for some reason it's not covered under warranty I'll gladly take the screen protector :)
Thats all haswell had over ivy bridge and people were saying it was a good increase.
Yeah, from what I see its just a ~very~ loud minority of gamers on both sides that are like that, most realize that we are all gamers so why fight about system preference or pointless brand loyalty.
more?
That's a weird way to spell "years"
Re seat your ram or roll back your overclocks.
Basically power down the computer take the ram our and out them back in making sure that good contact is achieved.
I do enjoy some didgeridoo
Source?
That would be a dream come true...
i definitely see the resemblence
to bad its a fuzzy image
Or you could just not give in to peer pressure and make your own decisions.
I thought you couldn't refund any ages that were have been owned for more than 14 days.
STAY! - 0mg
very pretty
i wasn't even aware of an issue
attention
Boob Hats
You just put PCMR on a list somewhere.
Sometimes
From my experience most stock monitor stands are flimsy and unstable.
Yeah, I'm good
Makes sense
A friend of mine vaped soy sauce...
At a reduction like that you'd be stupid not to
Do a quick search of this sub and you'll have your answer without posting what many others have posted.
Living in Houston with severe humidity I hate anything over 60°F.
Yeah, most reddit don't like going to another site for a giveaway.
Fuzzywubblez
Infinite Clt Aspire Atlantis v2 Vapor Jerry's Oh R’Lyeh 0mg thanks!!!
Peanut butter &amp; jesus is my favorite
Surprise me in 0mg
last may
that the best sellers block on the front page is actually good products instead of things just being pushed
I used to do a dual twisted 28 Guage about 8 wraps around a 2mm rod before I went temp control.
Amazon for everything. [cotton cutters](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00HMQ8HB4/ref=cm_sw_r_awd_4RkFvb6QMEYYY) [wire tamers](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00KAZ139M/ref=cm_sw_r_awd_xVkFvb4C1C3R7) [wire cutters](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00FZPDG1K/ref=cm_sw_r_awd_nWkFvbHM7T2EB) [cotton](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00NOKVK84/ref=cm_sw_r_awd_gXkFvb4EFFDHY) [ceramic tweezers](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00KAEWG76/ref=cm_sw_r_awd_5XkFvbY2MF36S) Add whatever kanthal you want.
For 18 Guage to really be useful you'd need a 26650 RDA.
Knock on wood here but I love my ipv4
I'd recommend the kanger subox mini kit. It's a 50w mod with a single 18650 battery and it comes with the new subtank mini's which are among the best tanks out there and you have the option of building your own coils if and when you feel comfortable enough to do so. The kits will run you around 60 and add in a 25r or 2 from illumn.com and a nitecore i2 charger and you should have a good setup for under 100
The small percentage that have been reported to have problems fall into the QC margin of error. Whenever you get a new mod that has the hype that the ipv4 had you will negative reports here and there.
0mg or 3mg when I have added stress.
Because we like the ability to replace a discharged battery with a fresh one. And all batteries have a lifespan, I'd rather be able to go to a B&amp;M and buy a new 18650 than send my mod off to get the battery replaced.
Convenience
Houston USA
According to the FCC his speed isn't broadband.
Balancing
I have the base game and its a blast to play.
They did change the definition of literally and gullible, so it's possible...
It will likely be such a big disappointment that duke nukem forever will seem like a good game.
Https://steamcommunity.com/id/Darth_Tartar/wishlist/
At the low price of $499.00
H.. How does it come to this?
Best I've tried is mutation x v4
Makes sense
Give it a month for the graphic mods to come out.
Because of vaporflask it will be at least 300 probably more.
Read the comment right above my first one.
That's what the little stoppers are for
Why not go with a powerline Adapter
Wife her
and i couldn't care less
now this i care about lol
do you really think it take a minute to type 5 words...
Full-Life 1?
that would imply i actually care
while squealing something incoherent about "food nipples"
Your logic doesn't follow through
Dino D-day
whats this all about ere
Why not both? Mutation X v4 with a dual Clapton build at around .45 ohms Fight Club without a doubt, primarily because it goes against the grain of basically every movie made in the last 25 years or so.
Wonder how the TC compares to the ipv4/sx mini m class?
The green is pretty
Flavor and vapor on that beast us unparalleled IMO
all natural what?
Kanger Subox Mini Herakles Space Jam - Pluto
Only one I've found
I'm in it. Thanks!
?
Gog?
Such a pretty sight for a competent CV
Where are you seeing the butthurt at?
I'll likely get one depending on price
I have a 7870xt in my LAN/media PC, which is basically a 270x. Can I join.
Funny way to spell enemies
Yet if done right it works.
A few of them are pretty funny, but yeah up voting them just makes them seem more welcome. Ideally the "things peasants say" type of post should be limited.
Is there a good point to this post?
Hence why it's called a circlejerk.
The core game mechanic of V.A.T.S would make multiplayer very uncomfortable.
3? Hah I can do 4
I'm hoping he got his ass kick in the last one.
Nope that guy is just being an asshole, there is nothing satirical about it. Edit: staged or not this video only serves as ammo for those who try to ban vaping.
Staged or not this video only serves as ammo for those who try to ban vaping.
Upgrading now would be a waste if your only looking for 1080p 60fps
And how many times have politicians and news agencies pulled nonsense articles and videos from the Internet and pushed it as truth, and the mass majority accepted it as fact without even a little digging?
Because they weren't "cutting edge"
I've never seen anything of him before and I hope to never see anything of him again.
Nor what I'm saying at all, what I'm saying is there is a time and place for all types of comedy even comedy that isn't funny. But this is not the time for it, after all the anti-vaping bullshit simmers down? Sure go ahead, all its doing right now is adding fuel to the fire.
No faceball 2000 did
Then timesplitters 2 was the first to do that with the regeneration game mode.
Just watch a let's play and you've essentially played it. EDIT: [It's a joke](http://m.imgur.com/gallery/3mLydMU)
That's the only reason I use Windows. If dev would actually develop good software and Hames for Linux I'd be all over it.
Halo: CE didn't have regenerating health...
I've get detected even when turning back into my cloud and no planes near.
Generally it's BB&gt;CL&gt;DD&gt;CV&gt;BB
Yeah the manual top drop can be a bit OP at times, hell I've been nuked in a Mahan before, by the time I noticed the top bombers dropping their loads I was already fucked
Shield does not equal health
Health is your lively hood, your vitality. Shields/armor protect your health from dropping. They are not one in the same, they have different functions.
Shields are still not regarded as health no matter how badly you want it to be. Can they take the place if health? Yes. Do health pack affect them at all? No. Therefore they are clearly distinguishable from health.
It's a joke
Have you really never heard this circlejerky joke? But yes I have never played or nor will I unless it comes out on PC or a workable emulator is made.
I understand it's just that joke was an incredibly popular one on this sub when The Last of Us came out.
I've always wondered how you overclock cases
I find the lack of a reference graph for the 970 disturbing.
It's an old joke from when the game was released...
Fallout 3 GOTY Dino D-Day (4-Pack) Naruto Shippuden : Ultimate Ninja Revolution Dishonored
&gt; I'm highly considering getting fallout 4, but I've got to learn more about fallout by playing fallout games at discount before I spend $60 on a new one. &gt;Sadly no support for 21:9 :/ http://www.wsgf.org/dr/fallout-new-vegas/en
I'm definitely interested in this tank
Because I have no real use for Linux at this time, and I'm rarely not playing a game while on my computer
Didn't they say something similar before AC: Unity drooped?
Third party n64 controller with turbo functionality
If only it was available on Android... Then more people would definitely play it.
http://m.newegg.com/Product/index?itemnumber=N82E16835154012
While those of us with all the valve games get screwed.
thats dedication
because they are usually low drain batteries.
Gurkha, Camacho, and Rocky Patel are my favorites
&gt;Oh, and premium ships are coming… Some of which are already in the game, such as the mighty Aurora cruiser. Aurora... Mighty?
Well shit I gatta go look now.
Steam hardware beta participant
Pokemon alpha sapphire
Your going to download soon much porn
Dark souls 2 was my last preorder
A French baguette
And many others have had nothing but problems with customs, it's a total crap shoot.
Look past the AAA studios and games, play some of the smaller budgeted story driven games. AAA games have been bad for quite some time now very rarely does something good pop through the underbrush of mediocrity.
Paying extra to get a phone Holder that will likely only fit on a small range of people... Seriously anyone that is muscular or overweight likely won't be able to wear it same goes for those of us with slender frames. Will it even support all phones, or just the most popular ones at the time of creation?
And Google ultron
most of them will likely be broken within the first year
clearly he identifies as a "then"
