Good job thinking of Master Gundam Fuunsaiki! Nobody else has suggested that yet haha. Destroy is a good match for Fate/Stay Night's Berserker! Well chosen. Psyco Gundam fills a similar role, if one prefers UC.
I chose 00 Raiser instead of Exia because Raiser Sword is so similar to Excalibur, but the whole line fits pretty well. Good pick on Wing! Independent Operations is indeed a core requirement. A lot of people pick true-GN drive units, like Dynames, for this quality too. Not bad with Lancer. I like unconventional. I think Stargazer would be a better fit for Caster, personally, but I could definitely see it here. Funnily enough, [UBW's Lancer is also Caster in the new game coming out!](/spoiler) ^(Fate/Stay Night &amp; Fate/Grand Order spoilers) Funnels for Caster make more sense than funnels for archer, I think. People like blondie too much, I daresay, haha. Banshee is even better than Unicorn for Berserker. Good pick. Blitz is a perfect Assassin, too! I don't know any other cloaking mobile suit. I guess any other stealth suit could work, including some of Zeon's more experimental stuff after the OYW, and maybe even the Gundam Throne Drei from 00 with its stealth field.
Fascinating pick for Caster. Nobody else has gone that way. What makes you think it's a good pick? I can think of a few qualities, but I'm interested in your thoughts. Is it similar to any of the Fate-series Casters?
Gouf feels more like a berserker... Great pick for a UC Saber with the Gyan though!
Good picks! I really like Blitz as Assassin, Rider involving the transforming functions, and the various nonsense Casters. There are a couple of good Lancers out there, though! More than one or two mobile suits use polearms; the issue is finding a strong enough one to be a Heroic Gundam. RX-78-2 used a beam trident in the TV airing of MSG, the GN-X III and IV units from 00 used lances a lot, I think one of the Tallgeese units had one, but I'm going to go with something else: Quebley Papillion. Butterfly wings, funnels, and a terrifying lance! Invisible funnels make a scary Noble Phantasm move when she's in Embody mode! Funnily enough, Cu Chullain is actually [Caster](/spoiler) in the new game that's coming to iOS/Android soon, Fate/Grand Order.
Not available in Australia :(
I see it more as a Berserker. The White Devil, that can't be stopped, that always keeps fighting.
&gt; it isn't that rare of a gun. 54 gameplay hours. Never seen one. Agree that proto chest shouldn't exist.
So since Decimator (Patrol Leader) + Vader + Gunner costs 48 points, what should I run with the remaining 52?
I have never had a character unlock a signature ability, let alone use one. How do you even get that much XP?! GMs who give out that much must like playing with fire...
Wow... 20 per session... I'm both a player and a GM, and an average session with 2 small fights or one big one usually gives 5 XP...
Forgive the silly question, but why is it a long weekend? Edit: Oh, that one that WA doesn't get because we had our Foundation Day last week or so. Queen's Birthday. [Thanks, random website that came up on google](http://publicholidays.com.au/).
&gt; turrent ಠ_ಠ
Whoa how did I miss that getting a steam release 2 weeks ago?!
Whoa, that [Tengen Toppa Lazengann](http://i.imgur.com/WfuvKWX.png) has the Four Generals' ganmen's faces! That's awesome!
You'd have to be mad to think that this has to do with the TPG takeover...
Did you perhaps mean irreverently instead of irrelevantly? Though I suppose bringing it up inapporpiately would qualify for the latter...
No, I fully believe it can. The prices are so much cheaper, and the range is amazing. BookDepository is basically superior in every way, isn't it?
They sure do. I make sure I buy one or two books from them every year, even if they're more expensive than basically everywhere else.
There's no way they'll give us a Custom Phage... it's already a penultimate-tier weapon. And Scoliac, too, is amazing for its maneuverability. I could definitely see things like Mire, Embolist, maybe even Synapse. Some of the more offbeat weapons, you know?
It's less damage than a crossbow bolt for sure. Five crossbow bolts kill Big Bandit every time, so I put four in him then threw the bow itself. Bandit survived. Threw my other weapon, and THAT killed him.
Boffins is literally the first bookshop in the list.
&gt;I have to join the group to see posts :( Dang. I was afraid of that. Thanks.
All good, and same to /u/Neuvost. Downvoting broken links is perfectly fine! The winning list was: - Patrol Leader + Gunner + Darth Vader + Rebel Captive - 4x Academy Pilot And it fought: - Palob Godalhi + Veteran Instincts + Blaster Turret + Recon Specialist + Inertial Dampeners + Moldy Crow - Kaa’to Leeachos + Bodyguard - IG88-B + Veteran Instincts + Advanced Sensors + Heavy Laser Cannon + Inertial Dampeners + Autothrusters The other Top 8 lists were: - Xizor/Palob/2x Z-95 - Brobots (B/C) - Jake (A-Wing)/3x Gold Sq. Y-Wing - Falcon/Jake (A-Wing) - Howlrunner/6x Obsidian - Leebo/Corran Horn
Still 5/8 lists with a large ship, just that two are the Aggressor. That said, WA's always had a weird meta. Zero Imperial Aces lists. Zero Firesprays. Zero Interceptors. But the one that really surprised me was: Zero B-Wings! They've won store tournaments recently, too...
Evolved was better than Armored Core's recent games because *it was released where I could play it*. I'll take another if it comes to Steam.
This is a good self post that touches on politics. Mods: I like this.
*shrug* Makes no difference to me. But yeah, my point kinda stands that without RES you can't really identify people unless they're ludicrously prolific and the sub is small enough.
Nothing could possibly eclipse this attack sequence... ever. Which is kinda ironic, actually, given TTGL's theme of surpassing the impossible.
Looks like a generic name for an advantage that lets non-Rokugani write an Ancestor to use... it's pretty lazy to not have given some examples, but check out the Ancestors in the core rulebook for an example of how to balance effects and costs. It's definitely an invitation for the GM to make stuff up. Sadly, I can't imagine errata fixing this. House rules will have to continue.
Oh gosh I didn't even notice that OP didn't say. Surely it's 4th?
The difference is that ufotable don't use CG backgrounds which look like they're late PS2 games. Both studios have some really awesome choreography, and I actually think ufotable took a lot of inspiration from Silver Link's Caster!
I'm so glad they brought up Hockey's disgraceful comments about 'blight on the landscape'. Utterly infuriating. That I don't have stronger phrases to describe my frustration politely cause the feeling to escalate.
I remember just about all of these. Media's been fascinating the last few years - despite an overall dearth of actual journalism from the biggest publishers, there's been a lot of highlights and strong interviews.
Yup... hard to get hyped for a rare drop from a rare spawning mob. Worst kind of grind :/
I don't agree, with respect to Fallout. I feel that the lack of personality caused me to detatch completely. Everyone exists in Fallout purely for my (the player's) own amusement; nobody had anything to say about my character. This didn't happen to me in many other games, such as Half-Life, or Knights of the Old Republic, or Fable, because in those games my actions were reflected back at me through the dialogue and experienced that directly referenced my character, as expressed through my actions. Fallout and Elder Scrolls simply do not do that, and don't even feel like they're attempting to pull me in at all. The consequences of your actions just don't affect anything, unless you're a serial murderer of conversational NPCs.
It may be somewhat leftist but at least it's news that isn't trivial celebrity gossip, sports, or local goings on...
But the game setup and turn 0 are so confusingly written...
Yet again, its looking like Empire is overcosted/underpowered...
There was an Ingress event on in Perth today, but that doesn't require photos, just being in a certain place... not sure, OP :(
It seems like the day (or week?) before I began the overtiering changes happened and all the forum and wiki advice is broken now because I need lots of weapons to be useful.
Mixing robots, religion, politics, love and ambition is messy, especially for the pawns. Sorry, but that's the best I can do. Nobody will ever guess it because its very hard to summarise the early episodes of G-Reco.
I'm glad you liked it. I had fun with it myself. That doesn't stop me critically looking at it. Try was hollow compared to the first season.
Pity the suit you mentioned was not from Try... but I did like white a few designs from Try, especially R-Gyagya and Mega Shiki! I didn't like how many suits were barely recognisable though, especially the Gunpla Academy ones.
Disappointment is the difference between expectations and results. I was surprised at how much worse GBFT was than GBF in every respect except music...
When you can take GBF apart and see how good it is, but GBFT is hollow, well, that's why we're disappointed. Its the difference between a proper 1/100 MG and a cheap no-grade 1/100 kit... or a Real Grade and a First Grade kit
This is a great response. Not enough of us recognise that you can like things that are bad, or criticise the things you like. Hayashi made a bunch of great music for Try! They shouldn't have leaned on the S1 themes so much...
The reason we're so critical is because GBF did all of those things too, while being extremely well crafted! I enjoyed Try, but it's like comparing the RX-78-2 (GBF) to a Guntank (Try). One is versatile and sleek, the other barely gets the job done and is clunky while doing it.
Yeah, isn't analysis and justification the precise thing that a circlejerk is missing? That's what makes it a jerk, not a discussion.
Wha-? May I ask for a rules reference there? I haven't come across that before.
Can't believe I had to scroll this far to find an Asuno...
Yeah. Not everyone is T10. I've got 24h gametime and I'm a third into T5 now.
Oh, right. I was worried for a second you were trying to imply that the ABC had somehow incited terror. While I agree that the Herald and Courier are beggaring belief today, I don't think they're inciting terror. If they'd said 'burn the ABC's office', that would do it. On the other hand, if it were a crime to lie in journalism, then maybe we'd have something to go on... but that would be ridiculous too for other reasons.
Do you mean just a blank page with the watermark that's on character sheets?
Hi! T6 player with all of 20 hours here, at least a quarter of which is building and being anal about it. I looked up the tower killing technique, but otherwise, I learned all of those things you said myself just by playing. The only reason I'm not T8 or 9 is because I've been spending my RP on all the movement types, not just wheels, and testing them all out. I'd be higher now but for the armour minimum that just came in, too. Armour is expensive! Levelling up really doesn't take long, especially if you stick to gunbed cruisers.
I'm mulling over a similar problem. What I'm intending to do is to have scheduled events, and until then, zones and bosses are forbidden. For example, I'm going to rule that in my server, unless its event time, no bosses (at all!), no going into the dungeon, no sky islands, etc. That might work for you, might not. Hard mode is absolutely, totally forbidden until we all agree to move into it. The other thing is that even in a Large world, there won't be all the ores, not enough of the rare accessories, and so on. So once a week or so, I'll be hosting a second world, fresh, and giving everyone an hour or two to pillage it. That way we can get more of those limited resources! But not an infinite amount, or I might as well allow for SP server items to be brought in. Hope those ideas help!
Can you give us an example of that disinterest? I've lived in a safe Libs seat since forever so I don't have a clue what federal-level representation means.
Thanks for the reply. My local MP is a crazy Islamophobe who denies climate change. I basically couldn't even have a political discussion with him.
Worth it for the gorgeous orchestral ost and the voice acting.
That's so cute! &gt;&lt;;;;
522 paras? Dang, that's a comprehensive ruling. Good job, White J of the Federal Court!
Fanservice/pacing/inconsistent art quality/borderline incoherence at times? I mean, I still gave it 10/10 for shooting for the stars and getting close, but yeah, there's heaps to criticise if you really feel like it.
This pleases me. What's your new best 5/10?
Only because it's not Sunrise's mega-popular idol franchise, Love Live!.
*soft applause*
Yes, but there's also a pair of Liberals in the mix. A better refutation of the comment you replied to is to hold Labor accountable while also acknowledging that the Libs are similarly paternalistic moralisers.
The appropriate way to deal with the negative impacts of porn is through more meaningful education. Teach people to respect each other as humans, about why consent is relevant, and literally explain the effects that porn can have on the brain (especially what conditioning is!) and you'll see a reduction in the number of youths who emulate irresponsible porn. Although I thought my sex ed was sufficient in a public highschool during the 00's, if you think your own education was insufficient or if your kids' is, then [Sexplanations](https://www.youtube.com/user/sexplanations) is a good place to start to fix that. Yes, Dr. Doe is kinda annoying, but she's very experienced at sex education, she's super earnest, and promotes healthy behaviours (both physical and social).
Keep in mind that unless there's a Bill of Rights or constitutional basis for striking down oppressive laws, democracy doesn't really do anything to stop them from being enacted or enforced. Every (edit: national) democracy in the world is a representative democracy, where voters pick the people who have the power to make laws. Voters don't have any direct influence over the lawmaking process in most countries. See also: America, UK, and Australia's hard slides to the right in the last 15 years, including serious infringements of rights to privacy, speech, and online activity.
Nobody's mentioned the baseball episode from Samurai Champloo?
I'm in my mid 20's now, but I still remember hating how condescended to I was as a child. Children should be treated with respect and dignity as humans. Sure, some children will still act poorly even when they're well treated, but I'd bet my life's savings that that number would be much reduced from the way it is now.
Who practices direct democracy these days?
So, yes, you are technically correct. I couldn't find any nations which practice direct democracies, but I don't think it is surprising that there are some non-nation states which function as true democracies. However, does that contravene my point? Poor laws could exist there, too, especially when judged through the lens of a foreign culture.
Hah it totally does. This works for me.
If you threaten violence, it's not peaceful. Edit to head off a potential counterpoint: Even if these guys hadn't literally announced their intent to forcefully respond to any intervention, this is still a case of threatened violence. Undertaking any kind of unilateral or unlawful action while armed is implicitly threatening violence against lawful interveners.
If it's inconsequential, letting us farm is fine~
Yeah, I found the page on [Wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kabaddi#Variations) which describes the general rules. It's quite different than anything that's played professionally in the West, so it's all novel for me right now.
&gt; the shock of moving from a labour intensive economy to a time-value centered economy certainly will require incrementation to mitigate Any change of economic system, for any reason, requires incrementation. You can't go from a market economy to a command economy overnight (not that I'm suggesting we should, overnight or not). That's something I've noticed a lot of hardcore socialists and anarchists don't seem to realise.
Did you do the movie, too? And it looks like Kyoani's currently airing show, [Myriad Colours Phantom World](https://www.reddit.com/r/anime/comments/3zqtml/spoilers_myriad_colors_phantom_world_episode_1/), will be a bit similar.
Consider consulting [because.moe](http://because.moe) to see what you can stream and where. Apologies if you're outside of the countries it supports.
I started reading again this week after not reading fiction for pleasure for months and months. University'll do that to you. But I'm glad I picked my book back up, I was halfway in. Words of Radiance, Brandon Sanderson. I highly recommend it if you enjoy epic fantasy. Though it is book #2 in a young series, so if you prefer to wait, that's fine too. Book #1 is called The Way of Kings.
Netflix is generally not an excellent source of anime. Try crunchyroll.
It looks like they actually have made most of those maps available on SEA. It's just that nobody plays them. You can only find them by searching them.
The purple one at least is a gundam-type. It's called Gundam Kimaris.
Top left: Big Bad Sazabi clone for McGillis while he's masked. Top right: Gjallarhorn's new front line. Gaelio in the purple Kimaris Gundam, Ein in the green Graze variant (sword/thrusters), and non-mask McGillis in his Schwalbe Graze. Bottom Left: Tekkadan team B. Akihiro in the slimmed down Gusion (brown; same chest/legs as Barbatos, Gusion's chest as a shield), and insufferable earring blondie in the red Graze Kai Ni. Bottom Right: Turbines upgrades. Looks like a Hyakuren base (same chest) with new parts from Hyakuri stock maybe?
Not entirely sure how shifty it is. They're being opaque, certainly, but I don't think it's for malicious reasons. My thoughts [here](https://np.reddit.com/r/australia/comments/40el1q/still_no_answers_on_why_rift_costs_183_shipping/cytmxw3) (which is in this thread).
Yeah, [I'd be hesitant to order through a redirector](https://np.reddit.com/r/pcmasterrace/comments/40ea0x/i_am_palmer_luckey_founder_of_oculus_and_designer/cytlpwv).
Oh for fuck's sake. I hate this goddamn rule. It's so inconvenient. Just let us get banned for vote brigading if we ever do it. Ugh. Actually, why not just auto-edit our posts to change the www.reddit.com to np.reddit.com? Surely the bot could do that... I acknowledge I'm qqing. I'll repost it.
My other comment was deleted because the subreddit insists on np.reddit not www.reddit, but doesn't auto-edit submissions to conform. Waste of time, if you ask me, and even if you don't, I'm telling you. Repost begins now: Just to expand on my comment, I think there are advantages and disadvantages of this setup. Obviously, the biggest disadvantage is that it costs us a lot of money to get an Oculus - both through the inflated shipping fee and through GST. But since they're apparently registered in Australia ([as evidenced by their charging of GST](https://np.reddit.com/r/oculus/comments/2bhcy0/why_is_oculusvr_charging_gst_for_australians/)), this means that we should have *much* shorter transit periods to wait between order and delivery, and we should benefit from Australia's strong consumer protection laws that include mandatory irrevocable warranties. Given the trouble I've had with getting Brookstone (a USA company) to replace my Axent Wear headphones, I'm not wholly dissatisfied with this arrangement.
No shit. It's criminology 101. I took that unit two years ago, and it's so painstakingly obvious that I can't help but be frustrated when people fail to acknowledge that it's the correct answer.
[Simple Wiki](https://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Creative_destruction) link for people who have difficulty reading in-depth economic texts like myself.
That's because labour and capital are becoming more and more disconnected, so there's less investment in things that require labour, so there's less job growth. [Long, slightly-rambling editorial](https://newmatilda.com/2016/01/07/why-are-we-still-working/) that expands on my comment. I won't be mad if you don't read it, but I thought it was illuminating, so I'll link it anyway.
Even if it's a flawed argument for private citizens, it's not for politicians to the extent that they act for their office. I suppose politicians living transparent lives. I'd volunteer if I thought I could actually get elected on a progressive independent platform.
It's very likely that he can't admit it. He's probably agreed to a non-disclosure agreement of the arrangement. This is good for Oculus because it allows them to present a unified customer service and storefront across all territories, but it does also mean that he can't explain why they're charging what they are. This is good for the Australian partner because they can't be blamed for the higher pricing. This is bad for both Oculus and the partner because they can't take credit for providing what amounts to better consumer support and warranties.
I can't say I'm a fan of it, but it'd be very difficult to regulate against. I can't imagine a sensible solution. Ban private imports completely except through registered companies? That's about the only way to stop that sort of thing, and it's *obviously insane*.
Logical inference. Two party preferred systems, like Australia, USA, and the UK (ugh theirs is such a *mess*) all have minor parties that never get votes because the major parties have the biggest media presence. If you think that people would put more effort into researching where to put their $30 than they would their vote, you're optimistic. Voter apathy is well understood, and is prevalent in this country too, despite our more equitable electoral system than the other nations I mentioned. tl;dr: voters don't hear about minor parties, they don't vote for minor parties, they therefore wouldn't pick to support minor parties. Actually, I found some numbers that might illustrate my point. So Australia has a bit over [~15 million voters](http://www.aec.gov.au/Enrolling_to_vote/Enrolment_stats/). In the 2013 federal election, Labor got 33.38%, Libs got 32.02%, Nationals got 4.29%, Greens got 8.65%, and all the rest got 21.66% (inflated because QLD LNP got 8%, which they normally don't, because people confused them with the Liberals). [Source here](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Australian_federal_election,_2013#House_of_Representatives) and [here](http://results.aec.gov.au/17496/Website/HouseStateFirstPrefsByParty-17496-NAT.htm). I realise that this is following a traditional media environment, but that's how your system would have to start, too. So taking those numbers - 30 dollars per voter (D), 15M voters (V), and percentage of the vote (P), you can figure out how party funding might have looked after the last election. Labor - $150,210,000 ($150M). Liberals - $144,090,000 ($144M). Greens - $38,925,000 ($39M). Other - $97,470,000 ($97M), but this has to be divided between PUP, QLD LNP, Katter, all the independents, etc, etc. Suffice to say, very small numbers. A legitimately small party, like, say, the Australian Sex Party ([who got 0.61%](http://results.aec.gov.au/17496/Website/HouseStateFirstPrefsByParty-17496-NAT.htm), would have received $2.75M. You're not allowed to donate to parties privately, right? Those funds have to run the parties for 3 years, not just pay for their advertising in the 2 weeks leading up to the election. If you guess that 75% of the funding goes to renting offices, overheads, and advertising, then 25% is staff funds. Sex Party gets $680,000. Divide by three for years. Down to ~$225,000. That could maybe pay for about four staff at $56,000/year. How many seats did they run for again?
No challenge from me here. You've already had my thoughts about the straight answer bit, but the currency and tax ambiguities are certainly unacceptable.
All handled by local companies. There's an Australian branch for all of Microsoft, Sony and Nintendo. But generally, for most consumers, it doesn't matter - they buy from local retailers, and the retailers have to uphold the warranties themselves. It's based on who makes the sale to the consumer, not where the good originally comes from. Often this means that local retailers will have connections with manufacturers to effect repairs that go beyond retailers' capacities (though some, like EBGames, do have repair techs that can handle it in-house). The most interesting precedent is, unfortunately, still afoot. [Valve is being not just investigated but actively sued by the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission](http://www.kotaku.com.au/2015/10/valves-court-showdown-with-the-accc-delayed-until-march-2016/). The issue is with Valve's refund policy not complying with Australia's requirements. I'm aware that Valve significantly revised that policy late in 2015, but it's still going to be fascinating to see how it pans out.
That sounds nice, but I bet local prices are far more competitive than they used to be, too. It's often only a matter of 10-20% for me to purchase local rather than through Amazon these days, outside of special sales.
I'm glad you didn't take my tone the wrong way \^_\^. gg.
Well, that's a very good reason to not have comments autoedited. If you're correct, I can't argue with that. I still question the usefulness of the rule on a fairly sensible subreddit like this, though I can also see counterexamples coming up (esp. re: certain circlejerk parody subreddits).
Somehow I did not know this. That's really helpful. Thanks for linking.
The second one.
Upside - We get reminded to imagine the world more complexly. Downside - ???
Being reminded that other peoples with different cultures are a thing that exist and cohabitate with us shouldn't be cause for annoyance. It should be a source of pride that we can continue to coexist without warring or killing each other. It's proof that humanity has advanced.
Facebook (USA), Facebook (Aus), Oculus (USA), and Oculus (Aus) are four separate companies. None of them can be used interchangeably. As far as I have determined, we're purchasing through Oculus (Aus). That's why we pay GST even though the orders are below $1000. As such, any action by the ACCC would be limited exclusively to mediation with, investigation of, and action against Oculus (Aus). Note that they're not formally called those names; I just can't be bothered finding out the precise titles.
&gt; The truth is i've been playing video games for 25+ years and i'm really not that good at any of them. And that's okay. Games are hard. They're exceedingly complex and require very specialised skills that almost never come up unless you're a combat pilot or something like that. If you enjoy games the way you play them, that's good enough for me. &gt; Playing people online isn't any kind of game at all. This is just about true for all videogames. They fall into two categories: games which let the player who's played the most win by giving them upgrades/unlockables, and games which are more skill dependent and the most skilled (read: practiced) player wins. That's all there is to most games. Since I realised that (with SC2's help, actually), most multiplayer games haven't interested me at all. I play boardgames now.
The OP's comment was that StarCraft II pulled back the curtain. It pushed high-level gameplay mastery into the spotlight, and made ranked multiplayer the core of the game. Arcade is dead, and the campaign is widely panned as somewhat fun but gimmicky. The ranked ladder play *is the game*, and most people can't handle that.
I don't believe that an RTS that fulfils the criteria you have set forth could succeed. I'm not even sure it could exist. There's no way to keep macro/micro and yet diminish APM influence. You can't have meaningful decisions to make that also can't punish you for mistaking your choice. There are too many contradictory goals there; something has to give. As an aside, auto-aim FPS would become more about positioning and weapon selection. Obviously you couldn't add it to an existing game; that breaks that game. Instead, think about a new game designed to work around that function. Slower-moving shots. More teamwork required to pin people into place so your slow shots can hit them. Weapons with pros/cons. Honestly, it sounds like you could import some functions from Fighting games, like zone control and countering, and you'd have a fun autoaim FPS game that has a very high TTK.
And? Don't pester people just because you might know who they are.
&gt; Its so fucking bleak. This is the downside to having a government that isn't as structurally ~~corrupt~~dependent on external money as the American government - you can't do shit to change politicians' minds. Lobbying just about doesn't exist. We have the same kind of media domination by the two major parties as there is in America, so even though our system gives much more chance and power to minor parties, they're never going to overtake the big two. We basically have to wait for all the old people to ~~die~~retire from office before we will have anyone sympathetic to our modern needs. The other half of the problem that wasn't mentioned by the guy you responded to is that our country is fucking ENORMOUS. It's the same size as America, with one **sixteenth** the population. Wiring it all up is astronomically expensive with very limited returns. As such, the private sector isn't going to do it.
I suppose one could read your name and find ambiguity as to whether you are a shredder who is also a cunt or whether you are a shredder who exclusively shreds cunts. I'm not pleased about the sentence you had me write. If only for the sake of my own peace of mind, please consider a more sanitary username.
From what I can tell, not all the spells/monsters are there in the SRD. So you could include those, but not the rest. Which is super, super unhelpful.
I appreciate your insights. I think the market is significantly different now to how it used to be, and I don't think that D&amp;D 5E's gameplay system is really good enough to warrant being turned into a plethora of D&amp;D-like systems. Not to mention, those games have had no issue being created under the 3E OGL. Nowadays, game design is a much easier field to enter than it used to be, and I'd be surprised if reskins of D&amp;D 5E do any better than any non-derivative titles. I guess it's not at all a bad thing that there's now an OGL based on a limited SRD for 5E, but I find it difficult to imagine any significant outcomes.
[Got you covered, mate](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/lsGIFt_S41A/maxresdefault.jpg).
30/100. 34/105 if I can include those extra 5. I think I've watched about half as many shows as you, by a very quick scan of your MAL, so I guess that's about right?
You're mostly right, but my computer does this in realtime for 720p stuff and even most 1080p stuff. My media PC overheats after an hour or two of 1080p though haha, so it is going to consume quite a bit of power. No more than running a modern game on high settings, though.
Nonsense. This is pay to **play**. Want to use modern weapons that haven't been in the game for years? Better sharpen your scythe because you're gonna have to farm like a peasant whose Baron is holding your wife and children hostage. A weapon without a stance is barely a weapon at all. This needs to be baked in, and unlocked as you rank up weapons of the same class.
The pace of releases is great, the content of releases is awful. I will never use a published adventure. I will use setting sourcebooks. But I'd prefer to see new settings, or uncommon ones like Dark Sun. Forgotten Realms, Greyhawk, etc, don't work for me at all.
This is still damaging for the ABC, but the scope has gone from 'potential ministerial interference with public broadcaster' down to 'mistreatment of an employee'.
Nothing about coop or arcade in this feedback... :(
It sounds like he shouldn't have consulted a case manager, he should have consulted a lawyer.
That's really untrue, though. They *love* funding roads and make big claims about businesses and innovation. I think the real difference is that the Libs just don't feel the need to own it at the end. For some businesses that makes sense, but for infrastructure that's too expensive for the private sector to compete with, it's madness to sell it off. Actually, you got it right at the end: privatise the profits, and socialise the costs.
Get it to 30 for Mastery before you ditch it.
As required, I have three comments for you. Firstly, you clearly don't understand pacing *at all*. Giving Overlord and Fate/Zero S2 both 10/10 but giving FLCL a six? Gah! On the other hand, you clearly respect the works of Shinichiro Watanabe (Bebop, Champloo, Sakamichi no Appollon), so you've got *some* taste. Actually, the nastiness from the first comment is just overflowing; you've got plenty of great shows in your top 10. That established, I've a question: what irritated you about Madoka Magica that kept it from your 10/10 list? Now, the helpful one. I see you've got Geass and Valvrave on your PTW list. One of those is melodramatic and pulpy but also works great when you take it seriously. One of those *does not*. Geass' first season at least is very well put together. I implore you to watch it when you're in the mood for warcrimes and vengeance mixed shockingly well with a highschool daily life. Valvrave's shlocky mashup of supernatural, political, and science fiction doesn't come out nearly so cleanly, so go into it with an open mind and expect some hilariously bad scenes here and there and you'll be alright.
You scum, [wasting my time](http://puu.sh/mwJm3/d21f7d522b.png). Watch Star Driver. It may seem like I'm trolling you here, but it's got an incredible team behind it, including Yutaka Nakamura. Come for the sakuga, stay for the sparkle.
I'm guessing by your scores for NGE and its films that you preferred the original and are dissatisfied with how the films are diverging from the original story. I know, it's different, but perhaps consider giving 3.0 a rewatch. It's so similar to the last few episodes of the television series in tone and theme, it's just the setting that's shifted. Could you perhaps share your thoughts on why K-On!! is worth a 9, but Hibike! Euphonium is worth a 6? On the other hand, I congratulate your decision to slam Code Geass R2. Man that was a trainwreck.
Thanks! I have a comment somewhere in the thread. I'd appreciate some comment \^_\^. Wizard Barristers had some amazing visuals. That opening sequence with the train was just great. But man, it fell apart super fast. I'm fine with people disliking Attack on Titan; it does what it does and it's not going to apologise to anyone for that. It's fine if you don't get into the pacing. I'm glad you watched it to the end! That's more than I expect when people dislike shows. Your Kill la Kill score, however, is a bit of a strange one. That show really clicked with me. Every aspect of its production was amazing (fourth episode notwithstanding). The characters had clear growth, the plot twisted and turned like a python trying to escape its handler, and the symbolism was so thick you could drown in it. I would have thought it'd the sort of thing that you'd enjoy a little more, I guess is what I'm trying to say! Definitely consider Ghost in the Shell: Stand Alone Complex to be a more complete version of Psycho-Pass. It has a somewhat unique feature in that half its episodes are "Stand Alone", being individual stories that don't connect to the rest of the series (much like most American cop shows), and the other half are "Complex" which tell the serial story of The Laughing Man; a serial cyber-terrorist. It will keep to its tone much more faithfully than Psycho-Pass did, while exploring some similar themes. Note that it's a lot less 'arthouse' than the film which you score 7/10.
Thank you kindly for your inspection! None of the other people I responded to gave me comments in return, so I am extra-thankful to you. &gt; The anime you enjoy are heart-racing with a grave tone to it. I think that's a fair way to put it! I can enjoy some silliness or melodrama too, but they've got to be the sauce on top of the serious conflict. Code Geass might be a good example of that. &gt;What really made me surprised is that F/S Night: UBW was only an 8 and not a 9. I had some issues with the pacing and the amount of monologuing. Given that I'd seen it all before in FSN Fate (the Deen one), the old UBW movie, and again in F/Zero, I thought it felt quite padded out. It had some *incredible* sequences, though, so I still rate it highly! &gt; Although you have dropped Aiura which is my favorite anime, so I am a bit sad. I have recently reacquired it and hope to make my way to the end when I am feeling up for a series of shorts. It was beautiful to look at! I honestly become easily very critical of slice of life, so sometimes I just have to let it sit for a time and come back when I'm in the proper frame of mind. In fact, I have dropped many shows not because I disliked them, but because I was not ready to watch them. Samurai Flamenco is one I intend to revisit, for example, because I consistently hear it praised here on /r/anime. Most often, though, I drop things because there's enough great shows in a season that I am hooked on, and I don't have the time/patience to watch everything as it airs. &gt; I do urge you to watch Knights of Sidonia [...] As well as Battleship Yamato These are things my friends tell me constantly. I think they must be good recommendations! &gt;The World God Only Knows I have heard of this work, but know little. I had thought it a kind of harem-y drama, like Oregairu (which I also did not sync up with). What aspects of it impressed you enough to recommend it?
I just started because of this comment (one ep down!), and yeah, the setting definitely plays up Gundam-y themes of spacenoids vs. earthnoids (vs. marsnoids). But it's also a very Western show, focusing on characters who play very minor roles in the overarching conflict. It's pretty far from the standard Gundam soldier/civilian/politician story viewpoint. There seems to be three main threads: the Titans-like UN woman investigating Belter insurgence, the Ceres-based belter cop, and the Earther who works for a mining corp. Still, audio mixing issues aside, it seems good!
It's aged pretty poorly and was always made for kids, but yeah, this is the correct answer. Regardless of spinoff/series, the protagonist Zoid, the Liger, looks very much like a BuCUE/the LaGOWE. Just don't expect the political thriller that modern Gundam is all about (when it's not about building and fighting).
Why's that? They have incredible benefits and very limited personal liability, even when compared to private CEOs.
Wow. I really really wish the StarCraft servers did that.
From what I saw, I think all Manato's heals are touch-based. Good luck doing an MMO-style tank and spank fight when the priest has to be hugging the tank the whole time.
ZDNet have also put out an article on this - http://www.zdnet.com/article/61-agencies-after-warrantless-access-to-australian-telecommunications-metadata/ I do not understand why anyone thought this would be a good idea. Clearly it's entirely possible for these organisations to go and get a warrant through the court; it happened FOUR THOUSAND times in 2015. That's just shy of 11 per *day*. Is there really a benefit to reducing oversight on metadata? Is that benefit going to be worth more to Australians than their privacy? Ultimately, I guess it doesn't matter, because our system of democracy doesn't allow for such granular control over government.
&gt; This episode had some of the most intense pacing changes I've seen in an episode which on paper I would have said could never work. And that's why I didn't like **Higurashi no Naku Koro ni**. The tone would jackknife about with no buildup. Higurashi would suddenly explode into violence, then slowly pull back as the main character escaped it, and that just didn't work for me at all. What made it work here is that they built up to the high-tension scene relatively slowly, and then it all came crashing down. That's a natural tonal shift.
You're not wrong; that's definitely cheaper than doing more dynamic shots. It helps that the art is not the same kind of matte painting we're used to seeing in anime. But I think it worked as a relief to the tension that built and built during the goblin fight. While there was a little worldbuilding during that sequence, it was mostly trying to show the characters' reactions to the fight. Characterisation through action is something that's so rarely even attempted in anime, so I'm pretty happy with it in Grimgar. If anything, this makes me want more meaningful downtime in other shows, haha.
The one thing I was most disappointed about was that all the very fine character animation during random scenes in the first episode was really just because it was for the OP to reuse, and the second episode didn't show them moving with the same fidelity and attention to detail. Still, I think this show is a very welcome change of pace from the shiny shonen battle shows we're used to getting. I really appreciated the long insert song sequence which showed the characters dealing with it. I would have loved to see Haruhiro and Moguzo acting a little more shaken up, but on the whole, it was a great scene in a very well paced episode.
Uhm, it's not 'alleged' if it's been acted on by a watchdog.
Wait for them to be discounted down to American RRP? It's a fucking rip.
I don't really think it needs one. It'd be nice, sure, but no point in forcing it if there's no material. It's not like the cliffhanger was so bad; the show resolved all its main character arcs and while there's potential for it to continue, it wasn't anticlimactic. Edit: I'd probably prefer Kyoani try and make something *good* like it or Eupho again, rather than pump out junk like Myriad Colours Phantom World...
That's the [only definition of emetic](http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/emetic) that I can find. Does it actually have a boardgaming meaning?
That is the worst goddamn character design I have seen in a looooong time. And I recently saw Mr. Bushido again.
That's optimistic. The age of ideological revolution has come and gone in the West. We'll do nothing so long as our standard of living doesn't falter. I will bet that sedition/terror/cybercrime charges for hiding online activity wouldn't even be a deciding issue for people voting in the following election.
Bushido was definitely more Quattro than Char. But man I hate the outfit and wig for this guy. He looks like a terrible Black Butler reject cosplayer.
It's not. It's called 'representative democracy'. I'm not aware of any nations which practice direct democracy. There are a handful of non-nation states (one in Germany and one in Sweden iirc) which do, but no nations.
Here's the [Epidemic card](http://boardgameblueprint.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/1-Epidemic.jpg). There are no rules in the manual for how to process this card beyond what's written on the card itself. &gt; The card you grab from the bottom of the infection deck is supposed to be discarded from the rest of the game. Does not 'discard' simply mean 'place this card upon the discard pile?' Is not the next step after that to shuffle the discard pile (which must now include the newly infected city) and place it atop the infection deck?
This sort of thing has happened to me in my game of ~~Risk:~~ Pandemic: Legacy. And I've only played January. We lost twice, and in both cases, all of our players (and one spectator!) agree that we played perfect games. The game is made by an evil person whose only design goal was to provide torment and suffering to his players. ^(That's what we concluded, anyway.)
Whoops! Still not used to owning Pandemic Legacy.
He saw this coming. He's okay with this.
Your answer also illustrates the extent to which markets are generally saturated in this country by the large retailers. If there's a Bunnings within 20 minutes and Masters are going to be wound up or sold, what the hell kind of chance does a startup retailer have? This is true for every consumer good in this country, just about.
The grunts are nice, but the GNZ-series villains… mmm~~
Not merely different staff, but largely external contractors. This includes for important roles like director, character designer, and key animator. This means the quality of their produced works can vary by significant degrees. For example, would you be surprised if I told you that the director for Sword Art Online is currently directing Erased?
**OverLord**. It suffered from the Sword Art Online problem: concept way cooler than the source material will allow. I wanted to see a dude roleplaying a skele-lich conquer the world with brutality while he treated his minions nicely. First two/three episodes aside, I got some levelling-zone sidequests instead. tl;dr I expected Code Geass: The MMO, got Sword Art Online filler, so it was my biggest disappointment of the year.
So, couple reasons, and something to say first: Before I get into it, mecha isn't really a sensible genre label. It's more like an aesthetic. Mecha shows are usually sci-fi, or drama, or thriller, or action, just like other shows. So if you dislike, say, Aldnoah.Zero's action/science fiction, you could go watch Gundam UC's war drama instead, then try Macross's action/music crossover, maybe check out Geass' theatrical thriller thing, or NGE's character drama/eldritch horror. Hell, some people (like MAL) call FLCL a mecha, so you could check out that insane surrealist comedy too. Anyway, what's appealing about the mecha tropes? Heaps of stuff. Here's a few: There's a lot of complex technical animation that accompanies the huge robots. They're sometimes rendered in great detail, which is impressive to see. So there's the visual aspect. Another is the scale of the things - they go between the size of cars, to the size of buildings, to, in rare instances, the size of the observable universe (thanks, GAINAX!). That's the sort of thing you don't normally see, so someone might get hooked on that. I mean, there's the whole action side of things, too. What good's a giant mecha if it's not gonna blow some shit up? This means we get to see weapons on a scale that's uncommon outside of mecha, we get to see choreography that doesn't make sense on the ground or for normal people, and mecha can be destroyed but the pilot can live, so defeat is a little more common in mecha narratives I guess? They also have their own set of aesthetic design tropes (distinct from tropes that are common in mecha shows). So, like, if you get why people might be interested in muscle cars, or motorcycles, or tanks, or military jets, or that new Louis Vuitton range, or that particular Russian architect, or that Renaissance painter... well, it's the same. There's lots of depth to the visual design, and plenty of people learn to love that. This is possibly my favourite reason: I've learned that mecha just *look awesome*. tl;dr all sorts of reasons. It's an aesthetic that shows up in lots of different genres that're attractive for their own reasons.
I've only done the first episode, and while I'm not sold on it even being a contender for show of the season, you're absolutely right: this is the most underwatched and under-appreciated show this season.
Seriously tho, OP, look at the [recommendations flowchart](http://i.imgur.com/q9Xjv4p.jpg) that Bot-chan links. Start at the top, and watch stuff you haven't seen before. Seriously. And just to make sure you see this (since I replied to Bot-chan, not you), here's a page: /u/doublejabs
&gt; The recent Rakudai kishi no Cavalry is nice. Seconded. I'd describe it as something like... halfway between Grisaia and Bleach? ...now that I think about it, you should watch [Grisaia no Kajitsu](http://myanimelist.net/anime/17729/Grisaia_no_Kajitsu). Intelligent and/or OP harem protag? Check. Harem? Check. Ecchi? Check-check-check. It's based on a VN that's on Steam now, too.
There was a third party piece of software to force SupCom/FA to multi thread properly. I forget the name though, sorry.
What if you only had one Forma, too? That'd change things up a bit...
Those are examples of mecha being an aesthetic that's draped over the existing conflicts and characters.
Sengoku Basara agrees.
Whoever did the foley for this show is killing it!
Best thing ever was when I paired Spellfencer's Drain Sword with the Dark Knight's Rage. 9999 x 5 for 3BP? Hell yeah.
I'm agreeing with you. The robot isn't the point, it's the (figurative!) vehicle by which the characters are explored and the conflicts are resolved.
The usual endgame build strat is to pick one spell and build around it. Do a max range/efficiency/duration build for Reckoning to do CC or something? Unfortunately, you'll never replace a Trinity, so I wouldn't build for heals. CC is the way to go, I think.
If they have Shadow Stalker's damage resistance adaptation mechanic I'll never kill a single one of them. ^(I s2g if anyone says its fine because their tonkor OHKOs Stalker I'll be mad)
Also Reco.
That's 2.5 hours a week if you work 5 days... that's ducking ridiculous.
15m pre-shift + 15m post-shift = 0.5h/day.
It's not through Orwellian intimidation that we got here, it's through Huxley-style apathy. Or to put it in Australian, "Nobody gives a shit."
One barrel, three receivers, waiting on BP... why isn't this shit tradable?
I'd love to hear more about Mason CJ's 'complete and total fuckwit' test. That sounds like fun reading.
Without the singing. God that's such an improvement.
Never launch a Nightmare while hunting Acolytes. They spawn on any mission on the node so just do the regular map.
Try buying it local in Australia. $80AUD!
The ethical way to do this is quite simple. - If you get a mod you don't want: - Then If you're the host, ask if anyone else did want it. - If they do, stay with them for the run. - If they don't, ask them to leave. - Then leave yourself.
http://warframe.wikia.com/wiki/Serration should help you find where to get a few copies of this. I recommend against fusing your Damaged one more than needed to get the regular version. Fusion Cores are a little trickier, but generally people still recommend Tier 3 Excavation maps. And just in case you never found this out, the tiers correspond to the stated level of the map. Enemies at 1-15 are T1, 16-25 T2, and 25+ T3.
This is the correct answer. And man is it annoying.
They will spawn in the nightmare map, but they will *also* spawn in the non-nightmare version of that map. I just had one spawn in the Shadow Debt 4 I was helping a friend run. It's just the node that determines it, not the mission type.
Really. I'm 100% sure. I kept clicking the Nightmare node, then going "wait no I don't want to die", cancelling the mission, and going to regular mode. They still spawn. Dark Sectors have no non-Dark Sector modes. Extrapolating from my experiences, all non-special maps will still spawn them. So while Quests, Operations, Alerts, Sorties, Invasions, Infestations and Syndicate Missions will all spawn the Acolytes, so too will the regular versions of those nodes.
Frankly, 1/25 isn't that bad compared to what we normally get, especially considering the guaranteed drop.
Even thought the Origin OVAs are very faithful adaptations, they feel far inferior to the manga. Something about the pacing not translating? I dunno. Truly incredible graphic novel.
Guaranteed mod drop. 100% chance of rolling on the table. Most enemies have a 2.5% chance.
How many beers did you slam before writing that?
I could have sworn that our Tenno powers were meant to be able to penetrate Sentient-based defenses, but no, apparently we're just as weak as our Warframes to them.
The speed is the only reason I still play. The shooting is okay, the swordplay is alright, but the jumping is *amazing*.
Your experiences are within the possible results of the experiment. In short, you were just unlucky. You cannot expect anecdotes to perfectly align with probability. I've spoken with or seen the evidence from at least two independent dataminers who agree that the correct rare acolyte mod drop rate is 4%.
If you've programmed RNG, then surely you understand how to code a system to generate a random number between 1 and 1 million, and if it's above or below a certain threshold, to do an effect. This is how DE's system works (though I'm not sure what numbers they actually generate; I just did the math on the datamined values which often go to 5 significant figures).
If it is at all of interest, I have made the post in /r/warframe properly. You may find it here. https://www.reddit.com/r/Warframe/comments/438b4v/theorycrafting_probability_and_rng_determining/
Thanks kindly. I hope it can be of use to you somehow.
If I roll a fair, six-sided die a dozen times, it is possible (though unlikely) that I will roll twelve consecutive ones. That does not preclude the die from being fairly balanced. I said it to you in the test thread, but anecdote does not invalidate probabilities. Otherwise, I'd have to buy a new d20 every time I have a bad session of D&amp;D. However, I will say it's theoretically possible that there are bias systems that prevent players from acquiring large amounts of rare mods. I would have expected the dataminers to have discovered it, but even so, it's possible that it exists. However, your anecdotal evidence does not prove that DE's loot distribution is fundamentally inequitable.
You scrolled to the bottom, obviously past the bolded, italicised, all-caps word 'conclusion', then complain about tl;dr?
&gt; Also it always simplifies to N = (log(1-C))/(log(MRS)) for people who like shortcuts. That looks very much like what I'd drawn on my shower wall, now that you mention it... Thanks!
Excellent introduction to most of the systems of the game. I think the one thing you didn't mention might have been mod fusion, which is frustratingly poorly explained in the game itself. Still, great job, and I'd watch more videos.
Please express your frustration in a more constructive way in the future unless you want to experience a similar welcome.
Where do we watch this?
That was unbelievable. Wow. Queensland... *please* don't elect this man's party.
On the other hand, I know two people in Perth with Vives! You're not wrong about how mind-bendingly expensive it is, but some people are definitely game.
You mean that thing that Abbott did? Tripled the deficit in his first year in office?
Whoa, dude, slow down. That much top-tier anime will desensitise you to all the mediocre stuff! Seriously, Evangelion, Utena, Aria and FMAB are all pretty much *the* top entries in their respective genres.
