No. Entry level starts at 23K. What that actually costs may well end up that much with benefits and such.
Weiters has an assload of service time, if he is healthy he is on the 25 man roster. Period.
Was going to mention that once you go over 20 amps there are a whole lot of different nemas in just the us.
Well. Processing Power Would have been better, yes. But have you ever considered that the rules of thermodynamics in the real world may be such that the thermal energy from humans consuming food is more efficient than just burning the food would have been? The laws are different here, IN the matrix, but that is because that is what the machine overlords want us coppertops to think.
That is correct rounding. 2/3 is .666666666666666666666666666666666.... Well you know. 6 is above 5, rounds up. 1/3 is .333333333 3 is below 5, rounds down.
To be a wife beating utility infielder in the Os roster you need to hit better than .208 . With Hardy back, and Pierce at least capable of playing 2B, culling the herd was gonna happen sooner or later.
Popped em with my lips.
If you have a gmail custom domain you can do similar things with the wildcard address... I have a filter set up on the catchall that forwards and deletes all mail to xxxx-ZZZZ@cusromdomain.com to xxxx@customdomain.com, where ZZZZ is any string. This is like using the +, but + is hard to stick into web forms.
Excommunicated people are by definition already excommunicated. "barred from receiving the Eucharist and from taking an active part in the liturgy" does not bar them from"going to church".
Not really.
Been using family Italian as dressing and Marinade for years.
Free Reimold
Glad to see the back of Salazar.
Sam is now 23.
Yes.
Well he has me beat. I was in 6th grade and watched it on TV.
Shockingly the US does not have a consistent message in this regard. We have often expressed annoyance with Japan for not doing things that were expressly prohibited by the constitution that we wrote for them.
Yes, we made sure that we gave Bin Laden his first demand as soon as possible. Step 1 - Cut and run.
The war on terror is everywhere.
We can however immediately capitulate to terrorist demands.
Judging by past experience, we would do so after asking permission from the Saudis, then immediately invade a completely unrelated country.
We should thank the Baltimore Sun, for essentially biting down on the warehouse idea and never letting it go. It was originally just one of a few ideas, and they refused to show other designs when discussing the park. We can also thank Janet Marie Smith, Herb Belgrad, Larry Lucchino and William Donald Schaefer, all of whom were smart enough to realize that 45,000 good seats in a beautiful ballpark are better than 65,000 in a new Commiskey clone.
If the Saudi's tell us too.
Because I am 4 joke comments in. I will however give my honest appraisal of the events that led to the US leaving Saudi Arabia. I can do this because while absolutely true, it is utterly laughable. Bin Laden starts to seriously gather resources to attack the US. His main issue is US bases located within the "Holy Land" of Saudi Arabia. Bin Laden is detained , US, at the request of their good pals, the Saudis, permits his release. Bin Laden organizes truck bombing of the world trade center. Bin Laden arranges that Black Hawk down thing. US stops getting troops on the ground, just in time for that Hotel Rawanda thing. US gets a good lead on his location, attempts to murder him with missiles. Move is widely mocked as an attempt to hide the fact that the President likes fucking interns with a cigar container. New US administration, even chummier with the Saudis but not as likely to fuck interns with a cigar container, stops tracking Bin Laden to concentrate on Iraq. Saudis are mostly pleased. Bin Laden takes a second, far more successful shot at the world trade center. Unable to blame the attack on a non-Saudi national due to overwhelming evidence, the US sadly attacks Bin Laden's allies in Afghanistan. Poised to overrun Bin Laden's base, the US agrees to a moronic cease fire, giving Bin Laden time to escape. With Bin Laden missing, but Afghanistan mostly Contained, the US ,based on sketchy and later demonstrated to be clearly fraudulent data, attacks one of the only two nations in the middle east where Bin Laden has no support, with vague promises to get to the other one later if they can find a few extra trillion. The US moves its troops out of Saudi Arabia, the only nation with actual government ties to Bin Laden. 10 years later, socialist muslim president shoots Bin Laden in the face. The end.
We need to pack him in bubble wrap for shipping.
I suspect for now we put Schoop on the 60 day disabled, he has been out since mid April.... I think that Pearce is gonna need to trip in the dugout and go on the 15 day disabled though. Peace is either hurt or a .199 hitter and neither of those is gonna stick. I think Parades and Navarro are our backup infielders until Schoop comes back.
He's hitting a lot better than Pearce. We have another year of control and gave up prospects, Snyder isn't leaving here hitting 260.
No, this time I have faith.
Well, it was more like Oliver begging Batman for a little piece of supes.
Six full seasons and an all star game.
Since Andy MacPhail didn't get the job.... Is he a potential replacement for someone who wants to be in Toronto?
Best 25th pick since Mike Trout. Maybe.
I always knew it would come down to you and the big blue school boy.
Whatcha gonna do. We lost 4 games by 6 runs. It hurts that the pitcher we sent to Boston is doing better than Harvey, Bundy and maybe Gaussman but dems da breaks. At least we didn't trade Yoenis Cespedes. I am almost hoping for us to suck into August, Having traditionally crappy teams like the Astros and Minnesota doing well means there is some opportunity to loot other teams high draft choices.
What did Cleveland ever do to you? I am hoping for Lebron to cary the team on his back to get Cleveland a trophy, I am a sap for happy endings., and have zero irons in the NBA fire.
Lets rough the kid up. He's a rookie with two wins, not Sandy Koufax.
We selected a pitcher named Garrett Cleavinger. Cleavinger pitching to Clevinger is all I ask.
I find myself oddly excited about Reimold. I sat next to his wife on a flight once, they seem like good people. Nice kids. I would be delighted if he ends his career with a few great seasons. Not only because we kind of need him to.
I would like to order a soft liner to JJ, please.
Robo-koufax or Zombi-Koufax?
Tantrum Please.
That bounced on the line.
Incredibly, I think Zach is better with runners.
I suspect our last 7 game win streak was in 2012.
1
1 Unassisted 3 unassisted.
Stand up.
Hmmmnnn.
No Tommy.
Exhale.
Pitching won. 9 zeros up there.
YESSSSS
I want #3
I don't need to see it every 5 minutes.
Handed the ball to the kid. Man.
Please god, I don’t ask you for much, okay that was a lie, but please let Reimold stay healthy for a a few seasons. He is a nice guy, do it for him.
Gonna need your schedule for the next 4 months, you are going to need to post something critical before every Reimold at bat for the rest of the season.
Maybe cry a little in private. Call his mom. Cure cancer.
Because it doesn’t autocorrect to waters or parades.
Strikeout, DP. NOW.
He'll save every one of us!
Mannnnnny!
Yesss, let your anger flow.
Manny. That was badass.
So... Slow runner on first.
Grrrrr.
For future reference, I prefer a less stressful game.
Hot dog eating hall of fame maybe.
That was one for the highlight reel.
Bring on the Yanks.
The one time I went to a game at Fenway, back around 1988 I would say, I saw a guy throw a cup of beer into the face of a foul-mouthed grey haired old lady. She was wearing a Yankees hat in the bleachers so she may or may not have been asking for it.
Ahhh.
I peed myself with that foul down the line.
Hail Mt. Saint Josephs high, hail alma maaaater...
Wild pitch stole an RBI from AJ.
I want 2 more.
Lets beat up the penn, got 2 more games.
I love how Tex still gets booed.
Hail Alma Maater... Thy sons are we...
Did the PA just play the price is right sad trombone for Tex's error? That is so disrespectful. I love it.
No need to finish the sentence actually.
Steal Home.
I think Buck is still holding a grudge.
Why not both?
FIGHT FIGHT FIGHT
So. Bud Norriss tonight.
But a wedding cake is a wedding cake, it is a service that they offer. It is white, has hard shellacked icing and tastes like crap. By your logic they can say, "We refuse to serve black WEDDINGS." Or more to the point, "We refuse to serve interracial WEDDINGS." Because the language around interracial marriage was pretty much identical in the 50s and 60s.
Anarchy is the most unstable form of government. Make your own site and hang out there. Call it 4chan.
I suppose this breaks down on what people think being gay is... is it a continuing choice to fuck someone of the same sex, or is it just the way someone is? Nazis chose to be Nazis, whether it was the cool uniforms and iconography, loving Germany and hating jews, or simply being afraid not to be. So refusing to deliver to Nazis and refusing delivery to gays are pretty different things. An exciting story though, "Hans Ackermann, White Rose baker."
He is signed to 2018 with a club option in 2019, so, not a rental. His salary is 20 million a year, and the Phillies aren't going to pay any of that. Keep in mind though... This is considered TEAM FRIENDLY. I definitely want no 3 months rentals, but it is at least worth considering, especially if we move say Norris or Chen. Or both and bring up Gaus as a starter. They want prospects and young players for a rebuild. We can't give up too many, but a proven ace is one of the rarest commodities.
Taxi Squad... who gets the shoe dropped?
For Sale: 1 case of champagne. Still cold.
Hitting a deer is bad, hitting an oak tree is much, much, worse.
We were soooo bad in 87. This was the season we started 0-21.
Not a dong, doesn't count.
Pearce is gonna be bummed.
It is too bad we took Davis out, he is the logical counter. Instead we will put in tommy Hunter, who will allow the Phillies to tie the game up.
Parmaloo parmalee. I think that was an out but reviewing it would be a bit rude.
He has put up the only 0 frame so far, so pretty good id say.
Reimold in for davis. Parmallee playing first.
Flaherty!!!!!!!!!
Oh thank god.
The best you can do is stop stealing and take out your starters.
Thanks for messing up Tampa Bay.
Kevin Gregg was made for a 16 run lead.
He played there one game in 2011.
That is a rookie pie and one for each HR.
Go Mets!
Watch Frenchie kill us tonight.
Lets go Marlins then.
Wow. Who the fuck cares?
ARod and Jeter were both big fans.
We all die alone.
Did you miss the part about death camps?
I am worried that hockey fans will kidnap him.
I have it. They black out all the Os games if your IP address seems to be from inside the Os broadcast area.
If this guys strike zone is consistent I would just take every pitch that wasn't a fastball down the middle.
Jesus.
Ball 5.
So a one run inning means we are turning things around?
Could be the three pitches he threw at Jones. Of course he had no control of where he was throwing anything...
I hope the Jays get their entire staff ejected and make a lot of base running errors.
Weiters walks on 4 straight balls and strikes.
Reimhold in center. Yuck.
Deres dat arm.
Anyone else to eject?
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Strikes out swinging at ball 4. Oh well. Made it interesting at least.
They could have really fucked mom on the "Dealer Costs".
We released the pictures so everyone in the country where they were leaders knew they weren't coming back.
No, they invented smartphones and tablets that my Mom actually wanted to use. I had a color smartphone in 2002. A touchscreen tablet in 2003. A color smartphone with wifi in 2004. Apple made these products with interfaces that let technophobes use them. They also made the first actually usable portable web browser. If Microsoft had exerted the correct amount of energy into windows ce then they could have owned the space. They did not.
He still needs to be on the 25 man roster when he comes back.
Snyder is not a tremendous defender. But the shadow didn't help.
Thats muh boy.
I do not know. We kept Flaherty on our playoff rosters in 2012, and in fact he was fairly productive.
Jose Bautista was our rule V draft selection in 2003.
Yes putting our late inning guy in the 8th is "stirring the pot".
Cough.
Warn the managers, eject the pitcher, bean Bautista...
If there is one thing I have learned from Jays fans, every hit batsman, no matter how obviously accidental, is a deliberate snipe at our glory that must be avenged!!!!!!
Sarcasm tag.
I HATE Josh Donaldson.
And Gherig bats into an game ending DP!!!!
Bautista is still pissed at the Os for giving up on him after 18 games in 2004. He is douchey when he plays the O's. Donaldson is just an all around dickhead.
I know Tilly is our ace and all, but he has been completely ineffective. He is going to end up in the bullpen pretty soon.
He has been up and down already. Team option was spent this year. All ups and downs are free from here on.
He won 15 games 2 years in a row. That is our ace.
Jesus we have a lot o bitchy fans.
I wouldn't be surprised. As awful as this is for us as fans, it is worse for him. He wants to win. He is on the verge of being demoted from #1 starter to long relief. I cannot imagine anything as frustrating as being out there all alone and giving the Jays back 6 runs in an inning.
I kinda felt sorry for Gregg by the end of his tenure here. He was well aware that he was a ridiculously overpaid failed closer. I mean he made quite a lot of money for pissing off the fans, and I wanted to slap those stupid glasses off his face at times, but what was he to do? Not take the money? It wasn't like he wanted to be completely ineffective. In 2012 Buck used him as a toxic waste sponge. When we were behind by 5 and our starter was shook with no outs and runners in scoring position and every pitch they threw made things worse, and the fans were getting ugly, Gregg went out and took the lumps. He traded runs for outs and ended the dirty innings. He talked to the young pitchers when they had bad days and helped them put things in perspective. He wasn't whining that he wasn't getting save situations or short leads, he was doing his best when he could and talking the kids off the ledges when they had a bad day. His departing words made me a little sad. "Sometimes free agency doesn't work out for anyone." So I will say it. I like Kevin Gregg. I am ungodly happy that I will never see his astro-glasses in the 9th inning, but I wish him well.
A-men. I wonder if people think that he is out there trying to be ineffective. Saving his good pitches to use at home? He is doing his best and failing miserably, against a division rival, while the team is fighting back into contention. Tilman is sliding from #1 starter to long relief, a bunch of summer born, entitled, fair-weather, fans bitching like they are fucking Red Sox fans is just unseemly. We wouldn't have been in the playoffs in 2012 or 2014 without Tilly. Tilly has done nothing selfish or disrespectful to the Orioles fanbase. He deserves our respect. Buck and Duquette will make the ugly decisions here, based on baseball and business.
Also, and this applies to screaming in the stands, if you can't be a little bit witty, don't bother yelling at individuals. A simple frustrated FUCK will suffice.
Thanks, these were some brutal games. The bottom half of your lineup is fucking murder. And PLEASE.... Tear up the goddamn turf. Even your guys were surprised by the bounces. Also, if Josh Donaldson could fall down a well, it would be for the best. I am looking for a reason to hate him, and not finding it immediately. He was right in the center of Manny being a dick several times. Okay maybe it is just me hating him because he is so good, and getting better.
The question is what can we get for him? My fear at this point is that we trade off talent for short term help. We are in tricky place, we want to win AND build. Maybe trade Norris and Chen for prospects and then package the prospects along with Dylan Bundy for Cole Hamels.
I am not sure Bundy is ever going to produce. He was electric in a few games in 2012, but then he has had Tommy Johns since then and seems a bit fragile. Not what you want to see from a college arm.
I am hoping he turns it around. Hoping but not terribly hopeful.
20-25 Million a year is what an ace costs on the open market.
Chen is marketable. I would like to bring him back even, but he is gonna be 15 Mil a year. It may be better to say goodbye now and bring up Gaus. Norris is coming around. We show him off and he gets one or more good starts. Then we pray for a team in contention to lose a starter.
Just heard, that sucks. Looks like he has about a 75% prognostic factor, which is a good fighting swing at it, but he is very sick.
Enjoyed it very much, I was hesitant going in. Tommorrowland on the other hand is apreachy pile of crap.
So Schoop is about ready to rejoin the team. Sad to say but this would likely spell the end of Steve Pearce's career as an Oriole. Pearce is currently a quasi utility infielder, in that he can play second if Flaherty goes out, or has to shift to SS or 3B. Paredes is our emergency infielder. When Schoop returns it is a battle for starts between Flaherty and Schoop, but I don't see Flaherty going anywhere.
Well, we need to lose an outfielder ( we are dicking around with the pitching staff now, and that needs to end ) and an infielder. Pearce is the odd man out in the infield, Young in the outfield. Going 2 for his last 15 ABs was the nail in the coffin for Young. This is a pity, because Young is better in the outfield than Parmalee and Snyder as far as I can tell. If AJ goes on the DL then the outfield tryouts are extended for 15 days, but Pearce is toast.
I think buck is secretly hoping that Parm or Paredes returns to form so that he can give Pearce and/or Delmon more time to come around. But we have 6 outfielders, which is 2 too many, and 11 pitchers, which is 1 too few. What he really wants to happen is to put Delmon in deep freeze til September call-ups, but a left handed bat with power off the bench is too much of a luxury for these troubled times. We already need to ditch an active player in the infield or outfield. With Schoop, Chen, and Gonzo coming back we need to drop three. Pitcher is easy, Mychal Givens is insurance for now, though I would like to see him pitch, but the other spots are iffy.
Until Schoop comes back he is safe, no one wants Paredes playing a whole game at second. But after that we will have 4 guys who can hit better than he is who can play first, and 5 guys who can play the corner outfield spots as well as he can who are hitting better.
Parmaleeeeeee Parmalaaaaaaah
The irregular shape of Fenway inspired the architects of OPaCY to make the stadium with irregular dimensions and the short/high right field scoreboard. It isn't 301 feet though because that is just going too far.
Double steal. The plan is to distract the 2B with the runner from first. As soon as the catcher commits to second the runner at third tries to steal home. Unfortunately the sox executed perfectly, and nabbed the runner stealing home.
Didn't matter, they were all over him.
The thought is to rattle the D, we really want to get to the relief staff, force errors and get them reeling for the series.
Big Papi doesn't bunt! Big Papi swings for the fences. Who cares about the score? Big Papi plays for Big Papi!
Borrow someone's MLB account info and use unlocator to seem out of region. Not sure why I need to be sneaky when I have a FIOS account with 2 MASN channels AND pay $129 bucks a year for MLB tv. They need to work this crap out. 90% of the people who pay for MLB want to watch their home team, and those are the ones that are blacked out. I am not paying $130 bucks a month to watch the Padres play Arizona. So, so annoying.
He was supposed to be plus defense.
Wieters is not a fast man.
Annnnd he forgot.
Thank you.
Shut up Jim.
Huh.
Ubulto was out of gas, walked two, but got out of the 5th with only 1 run.
Alright lets go for the throat and pile on some runs.
Boegarts hit a baltimore chop with two out and runners on 1st and 2nd it came down 10 feet in front of third, Manny saw he had no play and let it bounce and it spun foul.
Boegarts struck out 230 foul balls later.
Uh-Yah.
I love the sound of balls bouncing off the BGM scoreboard. I picture some guy scrambling around picking up numbers inside.
"He wants to design a win."
I will take it.
You need to share, I say share that file son.
It wasn't even close. Wieters framed it.
The ump probably said, you are absolutely right John. But you are OUT OF HERE!!!
Hows you mother?...
Shush.
Clearly you are not an old.
Potayto potahto, lets just sit back and enjoy the magic.
They put in country boy because they wanted some modern music.
Have her call me, okay?
Sounds about right.
Only a 3 run lead. You need to be heartless. Kick them when they are down, because they may not stay down.
It has been more a matter that the Sox are executing really well on D.
He is 39.
Maybe. That bullpen is a long way out there.
Do not care in the least.
