How can they guard anyone with an L85 and those stupid hats?
Some are good, some are great, some are terrible. All are better than the fucking degenerate anime text adventure games.
What is the warranty period on children?
So, you claim that Donetsk and Luhansk have US soldiers engaged in combat right now? Source? Keep earning those rubles comrade. Given how worthless they are, you'll need as many as you can get.
lol. You should make your lies less transparent.
Lots of combat in Lviv?
Keep dancing around your claims. It amuses me.
So, how was the incident resolved?
Who gives a flying fuck what they want?
I hope she doesn't destroy her future trying to do this, because she won't succeed.
HAHAHA! They can barely get announcing the next station correctly, or which train is arriving.
What race? You can't just give poor people a large payout and expect them to succeed with it. Doesn't matter what colour their skin is.
No one forced him to incapacitate himself. Being drunk is not an excuse.
How are they taking advantage?
Why isn't it ok?
If a cabbie was upfront with charging $1k, and some foolish drunk didn't notice or care, I would congratulate the cabbie. Manipulating drunks for profit is A-Ok in my books. Drivers caught inebriated should be summarily executed.
This is entirely untrue. I applaud your efforts to keep the lower classes from VR technology.
&gt; But I think good-will would be to buy back the licenses. Fuck that. Licenses were never meant to be a retirement investment, and the government is under no obligation to maintain their value.
Given their performance in Yemen, I'm unconcerned with selling the Saudi's weapons, since they are unable to use them effectively.
Fuck, that was close! Can you imagine the terror that would have been wrought if this man continued to collect things?! A whole 0 people could have died. Meanwhile, my elderly neighbour still has her driver's license, something that is guaranteed to end in tragedy, and yet nothing can be done.
Why the flying fuck would Israel cooperate with the UN on anything? The UN has allowed itself to be used as a political cudgel against Israel for a long time.
They should skip the harrier entirely and get the A7 done next. It would do really well next to F-18 and F-14.
On the other hand, Luckey claimed that it would be roughly in the ballpark of $350 as late as September. Previous numbers thrown about were between $200 and $400. Nebulous hints do not trump real numbers, so it's understandable why people feel betrayed.
With a launch price like that, I expect developers will think twice about continuing with VR support. Will the Elite Dangerous and DCS devs be able to justify the development time to support a niche product like this with their already niche software?
$65 shipping? Do you live in Alert?
I was worried we wouldn't get the opinion of worthless youtubers. Thank god for adblocker.
You needed a 2nd lung scan because they fucked the 1st one up. You still have to pay for their fuckup though.
"Remember all that shit about ballparks and price ranges? I was just lying to keep the hype train hyping."
People volunteer to make themselves feel better? So the fuck what? They get to feel better, people get help. Everyone wins. As long as they don't volunteer my time and resources against my will, I don't see a problem.
Rage against vague PR bullshit when the fog of war is finally removed is good and should be encouraged, not suppressed.
The idea that all of Canada should remain poor with a weak dollar so that Southern Ontario can compete with shitholes like Mexico or Alabama for car manufacturing as a way to fix the economy is pretty laughable.
He made a mistake by lying when responding to those morons.
People should remain upset. Not about the price but about how they were misled. Marketing goons the world over need to learn that their obfuscating bullshit and lying about ballparks has consequences.
Many of my friends have done exactly this, and every day it seems more and more foolish that I don't follow.
This is how we defeated alcoholism, right?
This may be one of the most effective inadvertent arguments against socialized medicine I've ever seen. "Since the government pays your health bill, the government gets to decide how you live." No thanks.
Well, except for the fact that Ghadafi sponsored multiple terrorist attacks in the west and had turned Anti aircraft weapons on protesters. He was an enemy of the West, and only calmed down once Bush went crazy in Iraq, and Ghadafi realized he could be next on the hitlist. When an opportunity to easily remove him presented itself, it is no surprise that it was taken.
Except of course, the Mujaheddin that the CIA armed in the Afghanistan war didn't become the Taliban or Al Qaeda, they became the Northern Alliance. Hardly good guys, but not a real problem for anyone in the West.
They don't have "The Omega Virus" so it is the worst thing ever.
Calgary teen clearly has too much time on her hands. Maybe the CBE should open up a labour camp for after school activity?
&gt;losing 25% of the condo value is a valid concern No it isn't. No one is promised that their property value will only go up.
Exactly. Shitting on Veterans has always been Canadian.
Anyone who would kill themselves because of what a shirt says is welcome to do so.
Ha Ha. Fuck you. Your magic Sky-man is stupid and you should feel ashamed for believing what you do. Go bang your head towards Santa Claus or eat crackers pretending they are people somewhere else.
Hopefully Inglewood gets washed away in the next flood. Replace it with some nice condos.
Ukraine got rid of its nuclear weapons, look where that got them. North Korea developed nuclear weapons, and lil' Kim can do whatever he likes to the Hermit Kingdom. Nuclear weapons aren't going anywhere. This is a wasted effort.
Wait, some people get GST back?!
If the Oculus Store is as bad as the pre-order system they have in place, I will be very unhappy.
Well, I certainly wouldn't trust data produced by city officials at the behest of their political masters.
&gt; I do so love the media portrayal of CPS. When a child is taken into care "THOSE EVIL CPS WORKERS!". When something happens to a child that wasn't brought into care "THOSE STUPID CPS WORKERS!". Of course, this is well deserved thanks to the brutal incompetence on display at CPS.
The Liberals weren't about to forget their friends. Why else would someone go into politics in Canada?
Break the public unions entirely.
On a positive note, we can replace all dirty energy production by harvesting energy from Christopher Hitchens' spinning corpse.
Fuck no. Send people who can't save to labour camps.
Lazy asshole charged for not clearing off his vehicle? Good.
lol, what a joke. Is the Hawk even functional yet?
The solution is global warming is nuclear power and nuclear weapons. Any other proposals are just feel-good nonsense.
No No No No No. An Olympic bid is such a bad idea it makes the NEXT project look like a good use of public funds.
Insulting stupid people is a good thing. The stupid, worthless vermin who populate our lands must be reminded of their subhuman status on a regular basis. Of course, climate deniers fit in well with anti-vax types in the stupid vermin category.
Being white didn't help the nutjobs at Waco.
CoH players are whiny little bitches sometimes, so Relic had to make a change.
Sounds like this guy decided to cross in the middle of the road, away from any crosswalk, in low-visibility conditions? Changing the rules of the road won't stop stupidity like that.
Hunter was brought in to do exactly what he is doing. He is a hatchet man.
It's fine. Any cost is justifiable because it makes some guilt ridden people feel slightly better about themselves.
But, you are so weak ISIS. Even if you managed to unite all islamic nations under one banner, you would still be a distant 6th after the US, EU, China, India, and Russia. So, good luck?
Nah. Sacrificing our way of life to save some from the Middle East is not humane, it is simply foolish. Global warming, economic upheaval, and Islam will conspire to make sure that the history of Africa and the Middle East will be one of death in the 21st century. The smartest thing we can do about it is pretend it isn't happening, because we can't stop it. We can only hurt ourselves trying.
If something is hard to do and you won't get anything out of it, but risk losing everything, then it is not worth doing.
How the fuck did this get to court, and when will proceedings against the crown prosecutor responsible begin?
If his duties as cabinet minister are preventing him from representing his constituents maybe he should resign as from the cabinet.
How is one any less natural than the other?
People are generally unhappy with Russian puppets and Islamic Republics, so being happy about their demise isn't really a bad thing.
&gt; For 10 years Alberta turned its back on Ontario as its manufacturing was being hollowed out by Harper's "energy superpower" push. Fuck off. The energy industry was the only thing keeping the Canadian economy going for the last 10 years. Ontario is no longer competitive as a manufacturer. Energy prices are too high, labour costs are out of this world. The idea that we should fuck the entire god damned country with a low dollar just to mask that is ridiculous. Why should everyone impoverish themselves just to make Ontario slightly more attractive (but not attractive enough to save its industry from Mexico)
&gt; "Greaaat, another trainer..." Yup, another product I won't buy. Good luck with it anyway.
You mean this? &gt;At this stage, whether we develop the Embraer 312 (Tucano) or Embraer 314 (Super Tucano) has not been decided. The part where you waffle and suggest you might make something a little less trainer-tastic? This is DCS, and I will believe it the moment you release it, and not a second earlier. C'mon man, this is DCS development, we all know the score.
&gt; At this stage, whether we develop the Embraer 312 (Tucano) or Embraer 314 (Super Tucano) has not been decided.
was yyc_guy convicted in a court of law?
Because prices are only elastic in an upwards direction.
Quebec deserves to be viewed with contempt. Somehow they manage to be less prosperous than the small prairie provinces and more needy than the tiny maritime provinces. Quebec is the little fat kid who always has his hand out for another share.
Still fine. Sell them all the weapons we can. They are all going to die anyway, if we can make a buck off it, I say go for it.
How does someone who helped blow up an airliner not spend his entire life in jail? The only reason he should ever leave his cell is to hang.
Locals were living in the hotel?
Can it be brought back by travelers? The 2016 Olympics could be exciting.
If only equalization payments were the only way Quebec was patronized.
I guess I only have a little experience with hotels but I would have never expected hotel prices to be cheaper than rent. Even shitty hotels. I guess it depends on the area.
His brain was not available for comment, having been recently destroyed.
Of course on the front page today... http://news.sky.com/story/1631065/zika-virus-may-have-spread-to-common-mosquito
lol, fuck off with the Sanders nonsense. US forces during the occupation of Iraq not telling the buffoons in Baghdad about their contingencies is not a surprise, because it wouldn't help anyone. You can even see it in the quote, the director of the dam rejects the idea that there is even a problem.
You can't argue with the CRA. this woman is a liar and clearly dead.
BC isn't the lumbering welfare case Quebec is though.
Transit's rentacop goons seem to be travelling in groups of 8, locking down a station each night to catch deadbeats. seems like a good plan if they have the numbers to maintain security across the system as well.
Only The Onion. This is That is trash.
Nah, it isn't just equalization payments, and it is really just Quebec. The patronage of Quebec at the expense of other provinces, especially the have-not provinces, is obscene.
Isn't the fine something like $300 now?
lol at everyone in the last thread who thought the league would look at the preceding brain impact as a factor. This is the Gary Bettman show, and here, the crystal ball decides punishment
Yeah, this post is taking up valuable bytes that could be used on another doom and gloom story.
because god. Now excuse me while my brain dribbles out of my head.
and when it comes to famous people I have trouble believing anything. People are psychotic.
Thanks for the counterargument. much good reading will be had.
and prices will rise to pay the wages, and the mincome will be poverty-tastic.
Going to the moon was an accomplishment of our very best minds. Mincome is spending our wealth on some of the very worst.
Use your words.
It was remarkable watching people throw away opportunity after opportunity in the boom here in Calgary. I can't imagine what it is like in places that didn't have that bonus.
Since she is apologizing across time and generations, do you think she could could apologize to the millions of future Canadians who will be saddled with the burden of an Ontario that was guided by Wynne?
huh? Without Lend-Lease the USSR would have been critically short of gunpowder and steel for large periods of the war, especially in 1942. Hard to win a war without gunpowder and steel.
huh? Have you read what /u/dontsuspendmebro has written? If you want to waste your time trying to convince him that he is wrong, be my guest, but I'm going to point out that his is wrong and leave it at that. How do you argue with someone who believes that the Eastern front was settled in January of 1942, motorized transportation is unimportant in war, and that the USSR was the 2nd biggest producer of gunpowder and steel in WW2?
So is this some sort of modern art project?
It really feels like the Golden Age of Information the Internet was supposed to bring is being destroyed by dumb people using the Internet to become louder.
I've seen Vice and The Guardian called American propaganda weapons. People cite GlobalResearch.ca and InfoWars freely. Dumb people are using the Internet to get louder. News sites do need to do a better job separating Opinion pieces from news though.
So is Oculus finally starting to get ahead on the shipping deal? I'm seeing a lot of people with late June ETA's claiming theirs has processed with shipping this week.
But if you buy something different than what I buy, that's just like saying I bought the wrong thing, which is like calling me an idiot! HOW DARE YOU?!
I find a solid "Head's up!" as I enter a train to be sufficient. As a bonus, it doesn't have the apologetic tones "excuse me" does, because honestly the people blocking the doors are the ones who should be apologizing. Easy.
If you are expecting the CTrain to be operating normally on a weekend, you are in for a bad time. The Ctrain is only convenient for 9-5 commuters for the downtown rush Monday through Friday.
I can't believe the head of Oculus Support still has a job.
I would be on a Vive in a heartbeat, but my only plan with VR is DCS and other high-performance type sims, which demand ATW to be functional. If you are in the market for VR specific games, you'd be a fool not to go for a Vive.
He makes a good cover for the rest of council to hide behind.
&gt;Thirty-six-year-old James Patrick Benson is a two-time federal offender with a history of violent offences including attempted murder and sexual assault with a weapon LOL, I'm glad he was "secured" in that half-way house. Seriously, if he attempted to murder someone, he should be in jail for life or hang for it. Lower sentences shouldn't be given out just because he is bad at murder.
So, I googled this chucklefuck. http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/british-columbia/high-risk-sex-offender-breaches-release-in-vancouver-1.1240607 &gt;James Patrick Benson, 32, walked away from the halfway house he was staying at in Vancouver late Thursday night. &gt;**Apr 06, 2012** Previous release breaches! Fuck yeah justice system, keep trusting this violent worthless loser.
A weak and costly decision by a feckless government. Why pay 100% of the cost for a new plane when we can pay 90% to get a 20 year old plane, and then add massive cost to the RCAF to support multiple types of planes?
We treat it like a jobs program. The most inefficient jobs program in human history.
National defense is still important. After all, just across the arctic from us is an entire nation of people desperate for the approval of their midget strongman dictator. If it ever comes down to it and America has to crush them for us, we can at least say we helped, and didn't sit at the kid's table with Iceland. Not to mention our commitment to friends in Europe who have to live next door to the lunatics.
This is the MP that got launched into hysterics after Trudeau beat down her fellow NDP member right? Somehow made it into a women's issue? She doesn't seem capable of good decisions, so this is no surprise.
Well, at least it isn't on fire. yet.
&gt; Muhammad Ali Referring to this probably. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Muhammad_Ali#Affiliation_with_the_Nation_of_Islam
The Nation of Islam is a form of mental illness where the standard madness of religion simply wasn't good enough and the members felt the need to go "full retard". examples. &gt; original peoples of the world were black and that white people were a race of "devils" created by a scientist named Yakub (the Biblical and Qur'anic Jacob) on the Greek island of Patmos. According to the supreme wisdom lessons, Fard taught that whites were devils because of a culture of lies and murder that Yakub instituted on the island to ensure the creation of his new people. oh, and a new favourite. &gt; Since 2010, under Farrakhan, members have been strongly encouraged to study Dianetics, and the Nation claims it has trained 1055 auditors. Just in case you were worried that your local perversion of Islam didn't have enough Scientology in it. Being associated with these people is not a positive thing...
Of course, European policies also make it a very closed jobs market. Hopefully you have a strong education.
Yeah, the Empire of the Rising Sun certainly got "pwned". It was fucking great.
How does massively overpaying employees in the public sector work?
The Australians and United States Navy are grownups when it comes to this. Canada will take an "interim" solution and make it last 30 years. Note that both Australia and the USN have been comfortable operating different kinds of planes for years, whereas the RCAF considers 2 types of planes to be a maintenance burden it cannot overcome.
lol. Working with outsourced workers is a nightmare I wouldn't wish on my worst enemy. Good luck RBC.
&gt;and to have some empathy and real knowledge about experiences that are different from your own. Nah. The weak are here to suffer. Have at it.
The UN is of no consequence. Just ignore it and it'll go away eventually.
What is written and what is right isn't always the same thing though. Look out, WIFI is right behind you nutjob!
Fucking idiot.
Geriatrics mad at world. Fuck them though. Double taxes on everyone over 65.
As punishment, his knees should be shattered and forbid him from using a wheelchair.
&gt; 'meat head abusers like pit bulls' I'm not going to argue the merits of pit bulls or whether they should be banned, but I am going to point out that this is true. The worthless loser brigade that plagues our planet are attracted to pit bulls like moths to flame.
My GTX 1080 and Oculus shipped on the same day. Not bad timing.
The U.S. Is provoking Russia by not letting Russia dominate its neighbours. I won't shed any tears.
The trailer trash candidate doesn't have a real foreign policy
We learned from the mistakes of the 30s that sometimes defending others is the best way to keep ourselves safe
Why the fuck would Eastern Europe side with Russia? Between the Russian empire and the Soviet Union, the poles and the baltics have suffered enough Russian friendship, which is why they were so desperate to join nato.
Why? Keeping the peace is clearly in the States' best interests.
wow, that inspector is out of shape. Don't the Regina police have standards?
A victory for all mankind.
How do you get rid of it?
Costs will go up, my income is unlikely to rise with it, so tips will go down.
Yeah.... if that isn't dealt with harshly, the entire mod team should be banned.
They have an agenda, this doesn't meet the agenda. News removed.
&gt; We've updated the automod config to report rather than remove articles relating to this. HOWEVER, we have to still work through them to approve them all. We've also unlocked the locked threads. And we're going to try to go back and approve incorrectly removed comments, though that is a lower priority right this moment. This is nothing. Permanent ban for all mods involved.
&gt;Update: The mod mentioned in point #4 is no longer on the /r/news mod team. Every mod involved should be removed.
&gt;ageist lol.
Fuck bringing bikes on buses. CT has a hard enough time keeping on schedule. We don't need every fucker taking 5 minutes trying to strap his bike to the front of the bus.
heh, I'm replacing my 6 terraflop gpu this week. Neat that in 18 months an xbox will have the same power as a gpu that it collecting dust on a shelf in my office.
Generally people are ok with the suffering of others when they themselves don't have to suffer. For example, you have a computer and are posting on reddit, meanwhile thousands of children will die today from malnutrition. Are you a monster because you didn't take on more suffering in order to alleviate some of theirs?
Germany is obsessed with invading Sweden every time I play. The first time it ended with Swedish troops occupying Tokyo and Berlin. The second time I save-scummed in as Sweden and disbanded their entire army 3 times, and the German army still can't take more than a 3rd of Sweden. Sweden (and many other minors) are far too powerful for the AI majors to deal with.
Perfectly acceptable answer. I don't think you are a monster, but I know a lot of people struggle with their basic humanity. I'm perfectly comfortable saying that I would not sacrifice my luxuries to help the less fortunate, and while many people can't bring themselves to say that, the way they act shows that they agree with me. The short of it? Richer nations will be eating meat and eating vegetables grown all season while poorer and overpopulated nations sink into the dirt.
No, he just proclaimed allegiance to Radical Islam because it represents the strongest force that aligns with his hatred.
The content of the Bible actually brings "Thou shalt not kill" into question on many occasions. Thou shalt not kill unless god commands it, which he does frequently. New plan : kill god.
in my USA game that lasted til 1948, Roosevelt died 6 times.
People should respect education. Intelligent people are objectively superior. Of course, a degree doesn't guarantee intelligence.
This is why we cannot have nice things. Everyone has their fucking agenda. Each side drives the other to be more extreme.
Why should people give up their rights because it might make it easier for some loser to off themselves? Of all the reasons for more gun control, this is one of the weakest.
Chaining people in a basement definitely works at preventing violence, but it isn't right.
This just in : Government agency incompetent! Shock spreads as people realize that unionized public employees are generally inefficient, yet often in positions of critical importance.
scumbag company using scumbag tactics? nah..
I find the idea of a Catholic Pope trying to be a force for good to be a "strange paradox".
Destroying a "modern" conventional military force like Russia's is what the US military excels at.
Death is natural. You should open up to unnatural solutions.
&gt;"We do not see Ninth Avenue as being a conduit that is transporting suburbanites to downtown. We see it as being our main street," Well, you are fucking wrong. Deal with it.
&gt;globalresearch.ca
Inglewood is not a gem. 9th begins from Bow Trail in the west, is one way through downtown, and terminates just passed Blackfoot. It is absolutely a commuter corridor.
I'm surprised retailers don't take advantage of the situation. These cards should be selling for $200-$300 more than their sticker price given demand. I imagine they would take too much of a PR hit from people who believe they are owed a "correct" price.
Good. I mean, I'd prefer much more stock, but I'd also prefer retailers and manufacturers get paid over Ebay middlemen.
Turns out few of them saved enough to retire. Get ready to pay the difference!
I would love to see Canada hook up with Dassault for some Rafales or some other air superiority fighter, but the reality is that will never happen. It's too expensive. The F-35, Superhornet, and Gripen are the only options. Superhornet is old, Gripen is less capable, and all 3 planes will cost about the same. The choice is pretty obvious.
Death by hanging.
I really enjoy it when CT rent-a-cops set up at the top of escalators to check tickets. Real safe boys.
&gt;What grownass man Homeless junkies aren't people.
It's the city of Calgary. They dramatically overpay. Also, being fired from the City is essentially impossible.
If you don't have a relationship with them, tell them to fuck off. If they trespass on your property, call the police.
Wrong. Homeless junkies are not people.
Everyone should be afraid of the willful abandonment of rational thought.
But how could we afford to do this and yet still dramatically overpay employees and managers at city hall? Priorities man.
anti-vaxxers aren't human.
Progress on such a scale is rarely bloodless.
RT showed T-72B3 tanks ("modern" 2014 Russia only variant) at Debaltseve during the battle there. Still denied it. Facts are irrelevant to their audience anyway, so who gives a fuck?
No, but compare what is here now with what would have been here without colonization.
Hopefully this drives more services away from Canada Post. My local carrier is apparently illiterate and getting something shipped by CP feels like playing Russian Roulette. Someone on my block will get my package, it might even be me!
The mob is too stupid to realize they've been cheated and take it out on the producer who was also cheated. LOL
&gt;Who cares if it's old People who want to host events. Physics.
Everyone needs to stand up to the worthless crybaby losers that have nothing better to do than complain. In addition to the Swing of Doom, I saw the story on the campaign to block Carl's Jr. from Mac Hall at the UofC because apparently Carl's Jr is misogynist. People like this deserve nothing but ridicule.
Russia threatens nukes a lot because they are hilariously weak compared to the west.
I was scared we would appoint people based on their credentials and skill. Thankfully, the important factor in the judiciary (that it's diverse enough to make us feel good) is prioritized.
It is never time to post that shitty Onion knockoff.
lol
&gt;This is a hard truth for some meat eaters in the West: The animals we call food are no different than dogs, in their ability to suffer emotionally and physically. So? We treat dogs and cats differently because of cultural quirks.
I really hate low quality Canadian knockoffs. It is embarrassing.
Any Facebook group really.
Football.
Fuck that, I can wait 3 months and watch it on my home theater system. Given how expensive movie tickets have gotten, it may even make financial sense too.
