Is shisha a flavoured tobacco product? Yes? Then it's part of the ban.
plus months of smoking old, stale tobacco. YUM!
I'm sad. I used to really enjoy Colts Mild, Wine &amp; Rum. Before having kids, I enjoyed them occasionally at backyard BBQs with friends. Since I had kids, I stopped all together. I looked forward to kicking them out of the house at 18, and enjoying them again. Sadly, no more. I guess I will have the option to drive down to the U.S. and pick some up there.
Actually, the wording of the poll lead to an extremely biased response. So, yes, the poll is wrong. &gt; Toronto City Council is debating the future of the Gardiner east of Jarvis; two options are receiving the most consideration. One plan is to remove the Gardiner east of Jarvis and replace it with a boulevard. Supporters say this is the cheapest option and allows for better development of Toronto’s waterfront. Critics say tearing down the Gardiner will add to commuting times. Do you approve or disapprove of the plan to remove the Gardiner? Notice the biased language? "Supporters" vs "Critics". "Remove" vs "tearing". "Approve" vs "Disapprove". "Better development" vs "add to commuting times". If you were to flip around the language, you would probably get a very different result. &gt; One plan is to leave the Gardiner up and rejuvenate it. Supporters say this is the best option to keep traffic flowing. Critics say tearing it down and replacing it with a more congested boulevard might improve the waterfront. Do you approve or disapprove of the plan to rejuvenate the Gardiner?
How much will it cost to move? Maybe instead of looking for a charitable moving company, you could accept donations to pay for it to be moved.
At that point, I think it would be easier just to make a monthly run to the U.S. or a native reserve.
Smoking rates are always going down, with the ever increasing prices and restrictions. Absolutely the underage smoking rates will drop.
I was never a smoker. I just enjoyed a smoke with friends. I didn't take smoke breaks at work. I didn't smoke in my idle time. Maybe once a month while drinking I would have a smoke.
Gather your documentation and head down to your local government office. They did the same thing to me years ago. They want to see evidence of your current address.
I have home delivery, and the majority of the time, it's junk mail. I like the idea of a secure central mailbox for things like cheques and small parcels I still receive occasionally.
There seems to be lots of money to build prison facilities to house and care for non-violent criminals, but barely anything is available to house and care for adults who genuinely need help. Very sad.
There's a difference between an alcoholic and someone who has a couple drinks with friends.
I find the wording of the second question still slightly biased.
Absolutely. Pick any random wealthy neighbourhood. Slap on a fake Canada Post uniform. Walk door to door, picking mail out of the mailbox. A lot less obvious than standing around drilling into a metal box.
I find the wording of the second question to be slightly biased towards removal as well, with mention of the $450mil price tag.
I'm not disagreeing with the $500m price tag. My issue is the downplaying of the traffic impact it will have. Everyone keeps saying "Oh, it will only add a couple of minutes to transit time." Well, that couple of minutes will add up over time. Traffic will be stalled downtown while spewing exhaust.
The first question downplays the additional commuting time, while the second question is very specific about the added cost.
A few months back I needed to catch 7am train from Union, and I don't live downtown. The night before I load Beck's app on my phone, and request a reservation for pickup at 5:30am. I then CALL Beck, and verbally confirm the reservation. Yes, they see my request, and confirm someone will be at my front door by 5:30 am. Next morning....nothing. At 5:31am, I call Beck. Oh, sorry! We missed it! Someone is on their way. They didn't show up until 5:45am. The taxi industry can suck it.
They are protesting next Sunday down at Queens Park. I'll be there to counter-protest.
&gt; "Since the 1950s, Canadians have had a very high awareness of the health risks of smoking. That awareness has been reinforced by the health warnings printed on every legal cigarette package for more than 40 years." Exactly! You know who is to blame for the majority of smokers today? Parents. Parents who smoke, and parents who don't crack down on their kids who do smoke.
Just remember people. Non-straight people fighting for their rights are just trying to push a gay agenda!
Why are you supporting Shomi?
Good on the bus driver. Teach the kid a lesson.
Yup, she's fat. Hardly the appropriate person for the position of Health minister.
Epilepsy is a genetic disease, which people have zero control over. Being fat is NOT a genetic disease. It's a lifestyle, lack of control, bad judgment/decision disease. I wouldn't want someone who has filed multiple bankruptcies to be finance minister either.
It's scary how many people don't understand this. Some people honestly think they will gain weight no matter how little they eat.
Your name is NOT ThusShatZarathustra, so you don't exist.
&gt; We have no idea why she is overweight. Yes we do. She consumes more calories than her body burns, leading to excess food energy being stored as body fat. Science! &gt; And for those who says overweight people cant be health minister, right from the article "Since when has appearance had anything to do with legitimacy in terms of your intelligence and ability to be a legislator?" It isn't about appearance. It's about her ability to make important decisions on health related issues, which she obviously has problems doing in her own life.
This is a myth. It's a very prevalent myth. People have that assumption which is completely unfounded. Unfortunately trying to dispel the myth is almost impossible.
Lots of empty Target buildings!
"Toronto" could really mean anywhere in the GTA.
Her ability to understand and make decisions on health issues is relevant. I would have the same doubts about a Minister of Finance who has gone through multiple bankruptcies or failed business ventures. I would have the same doubts with a Minister of Education who flunked out of school.
[Here is a quick PDF read.](https://www.ic.gc.ca/eic/site/ecic-ceac.nsf/vwapj/Clarification%20Statement%20-%20Transborder%20flow%20of%20personal%20information.pdf/$file/Clarification%20Statement%20-%20Transborder%20flow%20of%20personal%20information.pdf) [And another.](http://www.optimusinfo.com/data-sovereignty-in-canada/)
[Here is a quick PDF read.](https://www.ic.gc.ca/eic/site/ecic-ceac.nsf/vwapj/Clarification%20Statement%20-%20Transborder%20flow%20of%20personal%20information.pdf/$file/Clarification%20Statement%20-%20Transborder%20flow%20of%20personal%20information.pdf) [And another.](http://www.optimusinfo.com/data-sovereignty-in-canada/)
[Here is a quick PDF read.](https://www.ic.gc.ca/eic/site/ecic-ceac.nsf/vwapj/Clarification%20Statement%20-%20Transborder%20flow%20of%20personal%20information.pdf/$file/Clarification%20Statement%20-%20Transborder%20flow%20of%20personal%20information.pdf) [And another.](http://www.optimusinfo.com/data-sovereignty-in-canada/)
Oh, how I wish that were true... http://www.theglobeandmail.com/globe-debate/creationism-and-stockwell-day/article771010/
Are all these services over cable? Have you looked at DSL options over Bell lines?
I've read a lot of horror stories about service over Roger's cable which is why I stick with DSL over Bell's lines. Never had an issue.
You are correct in that the people responsible for the procurement and RFPs are misinformed, and unfortunately you often have zero choice but to live with their ignorance.
Show me any laws that firmly require data residency within Canada.
It's a lot more expensive than a bag of regular sand.
Can you be specific about what accessibility regulations?
We just came back from a great camping trip at Killarney, and have another two camping trips planned this summer for Bon Echo and Presqu'ile. I did think of a single night somewhere if they have a decent lake for fishing.
Sometimes the item will be scanned at the depot to get loaded onto a truck for delivery, but then be left at the depot accidentally. Most likely you'll see it tomorrow.
Holy hipster workout Batman! "Think of it as a customized workout for your body in a very rugged and raw atmosphere." Translation: We can't afford change rooms and fitness equipment.
Bad sushi is overrated. Most of the sushi in this city is overrated generic crap. Very few quality establishments.
Most beer stores I've been to are messy disasters. Yours sounds on par with what I've seen.
Yes, based on your situation, 3 year contract started March 2013, you can cancel today without penalty. http://www.theglobeandmail.com/report-on-business/wireless-carriers-lose-legal-challenge-of-new-wireless-code/article24501657/
Duh! Because they weren't losing when the game began! As soon as they realized they were losing to a team with GIRLS, suddenly ISLAM!!!
https://i.imgur.com/hjQfniD.jpg
&gt; not more monuments to fossil fuel that will hopefully be obsolete in my lifetime Not a chance. Gasoline and oil is just too useful. As long as there is oil in the ground, we will be using it.
So.....the girl is 24 years old, working part time at a library, and holding out for a full time job? WTF? Get off your ass, upgrade your education, hit the pavement, call people, network with people, spit out resumes. There are jobs out there for people who aren't lazy.
Unfortunately some manager probably made the decision because the licence would have been too expensive, and hurt his profit margin.
That boulevard is going to be bumper to bumper grid lock. All the pretty pictures of a serene, beautiful, tree lined boulevard are missing all the cars that will plug up the streets.
Of course not when the city has very few bylaw enforcement officers.
One of Toronto's most interesting food neighbourhoods? Really? Sure, if you want a bunch of pub food. There is one Indian food restaurant, and that's it for ethnic foods. Everything else is the same generic crap you can find anywhere in the city.
Yes, I live in the area. I often have to travel out of the area for decent ethnic food.
Oh, please enlighten me to the diverse food choices in the Junction. Just look at the article - Malta Bake Shop? Vesuvio? YAWN!!! Indie Ale House? 3030? The Hole in the Wall? Fancy pub fare. Article doesn't even mention maybe the one shining light, North of Bombay. I have to travel to Annette &amp; Jane for decent Mexican at Mad Mexican.
It's so they can charge $9 for Mac &amp; Cheese.
Audio is one of the most important parts of a quality video production.
Details are to what you are talking about would be nice.
One of the biggest things for me is kid friendly with lots of tables. Another is unique food. I'm all about that unique experience. Mad Mexican offers some nice entrees that are different than most Mexican places.
The majority of rules come down to interpretation of the religious text. Why can Christians eat pork, and Jews cannot? The Old Testament says you can't, but most Christians only follow the New Testament. Same with Islam. Different people interpret it differently.
Actually, it's not a meaningless term. Ethnic - of or relating to a population subgroup (within a larger or dominant national or cultural group) with a common national or cultural tradition. A lot of cultures all over the world have foods very specific to their culture and traditions.
To show streamed content, a computer needs very little power. Just take a look at the Chromecast. It streams 1080p video content no problem.
http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-33001425 I don't know if this is what is being referred to, but it was in the news just yesterday. It's really scary is how prominent Christianity still is on native reserves.
Ya, seems very obvious. OP got bumped into the next service bracket.
That's just God punishing you for....something.
Where is the roti shop? The only roti shop I know of in the area is across from the Walmart (not part of The Junction), and it's way overpriced.
What are their prices like?
I would love a McD's drive-thru on the way to work. Unfortunately, I'm stuck with Tims.
Good luck with that. That kind of eviction has to go through the Landlord Tenant Board. The LTB always sides with the tenant when there is any doubt. The landlord would have to have a SOLID case that he is moving into the unit. Most landlords own their own home, so unless he is suddenly selling his home, he doesn't have a chance in front of the LTB.
The transition from Gardiner to DVP is the issue. Right now, it's a steady flow, no stop signs, no traffic lights. Switch to a boulevard changes that. Now there will be traffic lights. Trucks coming from the Gardiner will have to cross opposing traffic to access the DVP. EDIT: Seems I'm a little wrong on my assessment of traffic flow. See the response below.
Ah! I stand corrected. Thanks!
More details would be helpful. What is the tenant doing that is causing anguish?
Black's sold phones? Good grief, that's sad.
&gt; high fructose corn syrup Rolls eyes...there are issues that need to be dealt with. HFCS is not one of them.
There is no scientific evidence that HFCS is any worse than any other sugar. Reduction of ALL sugar intake is what is optimal.
Then it sounds like you have sufficient cause to take the issue to the Tenant Landlord Board. Start the paperwork now. Done correctly, you may be allowed to evict in a few months.
If you really want to go camping https://www.parkbus.ca/
Sometimes a nanny state is required to product people from their own stupidity.
Beggars can't be choosers.
If it's part of the lease agreement. EDIT: It appears that if an appliance is part of the rental unit, regardless of what it ways in the lease agreement, the landlord is responsible to maintain it or replace it.
The CRA and Elections Canada are different entities. You can file your taxes at one address and register to vote at another. It's no big deal.
What a ridiculous situation this all is. The 'tampon tax' issue had NOTHING to do with fairness, and was only a political move.
You are changing the argument. A nanny state is required because people always don't make the best decisions, like not strapping their babies into car seats. Sometimes corporations lie to consumers for the sake of a buck, like when cellular companies charged people a [system access fee](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/System_access_fee) and said it was a government fee. There is no such thing as a completely free market. Regulation is always required. You can call it a nanny state if you like, but it's a reality of life.
Ask the same people if they are okay if they alternate it with 'Allah' in support of the Muslim community.
&gt; Keeping manufacturing local allows us to support the city where we are from &gt; Every bag is handmade using the finest raw materials You can't have both, because you can't get the finest raw materials from Toronto. I generally dislike companies that try to promote fake things like "locally made". It's a global economy people.
&gt; There are historically very good reason the taxi industry is as regulated as it is. The regulations are a mess, and some of them are anti-competition. Artificial limits on the number of taxis on the streets is a prime example of this. Anyone, and I mean ANYONE, should be able to have a taxi license if their car is safe, there is insurance in place to protect the customer, and there is an accurate, accountable, visible means of tracking and billing the customer.
&gt; Later, feeling guilty and avoiding eye-contact as I pass her leaving the store with my purchase. I'll never understand people's inability to stand up for themselves and say "No thank you". Every time someone asks me for a donation or to sign up for a credit card at the checkout, I respond with a polite firm "No thank you". Done! There has never been additional pressure after that. Never a look of disappointment or faux shaming from the cashier. Maybe I've been lucky? If anybody ever did try to shame me for saying no, I have no issues making a scene in the store and shaming them.
&gt; should anyone be allowed to open a hotdog cart? YES! As long as they adhere to health and safety regulations. If there is enough business on the streets to support that many vendors, LET THEM. If the public complains about too many hot dog vendors on the streets, implement a sidewalk licensing fee, and slowly increase it to bring the number of vendors down. But don't artificially say "Only X number of vendors". Let the market decide.
My point is that many people would be offended by the use of the word Allah, yet have zero consideration for those of us that don't want any reference to religion. They think God is okay, but Allah is bad, which doesn't make any sense.
I'll take the downvotes for sure, but I support the banning of face coverings at a citizenship ceremony. The face is such an important part of communication. We trust people more when we can see their face. We understand people more when we can read their facial expressions. There is a lot of history and science behind the distrust of people who cover their face.
&gt; Councillor Pam McConnell, who represents the area, was near tears Wow! Someone needs to grow up.
Just remember, the teacher's job actions are FOR THE STUDENTS!!!
It's not the teacher's job to determine appropriate class sizes. It's their job to teach.
Worst X-Men power ever.
Or the teachers could just enter the grades online like they are supposed to do.
He is a testament to the amount of abuse a human body can take, and still live.
Ya, true.
&gt; But they aren't supposed to. It is not a part of their job description to do data entry. Yes, it is. &gt; They report grades and it is supposed to be other people who enter it into the system No. The teachers enter the grades directly into the system. They are refusing to do part of their job as part of their job action.
This shows the inefficiency of the system. Why do teachers have to plan their lessons? Why doesn't the province have a day-by-day curriculum book for every grade? Grade 2, Day 10 - teach this Grade 3, Day 73 - teach this etc. Include handouts that can be photocopied. Why are there thousands of teachers duplicating each other's work and effort?
People will DIE!
Last time I checked, people don't die and society doesn't crumble if kids can't go to school for a few days.
Regulations are only worthwhile if they are enforced. I've had taxi cabs try to scam me, get lost, have cars that feel like they are about to fall apart, driver falling asleep at the wheel, etc, etc.
3 to 5 minutes? It takes 30 seconds to get from Jarvis to the DVP.
If people like that took my kid in that kind of situation, I would be inclined to purchase a sniper rifle and make sure to eliminate the idiots from existence.
$155/month for a sports package for a commercial establishment? Not a chance! The rep you dealt with screwed up, and you can't hold a company hostage due to an employee screw up. You should have realized that price was nowhere near correct on the initial call, and asked to speak with a supervisor.
I have no problems with this. It ensures the police are actually doing work. Take a look at some of the "guidelines"... * 1 arrest per month * Two impaired driver arrests per year * Two traffic stops per shift * Consideration for charging actual speed for offenders in excess of 40 km/h over posted * Three liquor licence tickets per year * No speeding charges for 10 km/h over * 10 complaint area actions and one high collision intersection, per month It means that cops are not sitting in their cars at Tim Hortons all day WAITING for things to happen. They are being more proactive and visible.
"Rep went to his supervisor" is actually him putting you on hold and talking to the guy in the cubicle next to him, making you think he is working on getting you a better deal. Unless you actually speak with a supervisor or next level manager, it's usually safe to assume they aren't involved in the conversation at all. Realistically, at this point, you have zero recourse.
My encounters echo a lot of other people's encounters. It's one of the reasons services like Uber were created.
There are going to be a lot of empty seats for sure. I went online to look at tickets. Anything worthwhile is already gone, and tickets for preliminaries are way too expensive.
Not to be confused with House of Lancaster. Very different establishment, although often highly recommended.
40 is usually only applicable near a school. Most streets are 50. Dropping to 30 would be a huge shock to most.
What purpose, other than vengeance and retribution, does jail serve in this situation? How is it better than stripping him of his driver's licence for life, a ton of community service hours, and a massive fine that will take decades to pay off via wage garnishment?
I'm sure it will be 10 minutes average, so six buses or streetcars back to back, then an hour wait for the next ones.
I do use the Remember my password option on my home systems. On my phone, there is an option for a PIN # so you don't have to remember a long password.
You can't argue for a local database, and then in your next breath say Dropbox.
&gt; I do not trust their claim that they only store the encrypted database. So then this argument is pointless. What LastPass does is no different then what you are doing with your KeePass + Dropbox.
Not necessary at all. Some accounts have 2-factor authentication.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a6iW-8xPw3k
Harsh penalties do not deter crime. If it did, Texas, Singapore, and Saudi Arabia would be crime free.
Fair enough. http://www.sentencingproject.org/doc/deterrence%20briefing%20.pdf &gt; research findings imply that increasingly lengthy prison terms are counterproductive http://criminology.utoronto.ca/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/DWG-GeneralDeterrenceHighlights14Feb2013.pdf &gt; At this point, we think it is fair to say that we know of no reputable criminologist who has looked carefully at the overall body of research literature on “deterrence through sentencing” who believes that crime rates will be reduced, through deterrence, by raising the severity of sentences handed down in criminal courts.
My 4GB iPod mini (yes, I still have one connected to my car stereo) holds about 900 songs. A 64GB iPod touch can hold 14,000+ songs. Average song is 3 minutes. That's 720 hours of music. If you need more storage than that on a portable music device, you need to be more selective of what you are carrying around.
iAgree.
I find the argument rather silly about carrying around that much music. I have a tool shed at home, but can only carry a few select tools in my tool box.
&gt; Password changes are a standard security industry best practice because they are low tech and effective way to limit damage when the eventual breach happens. I would love to see research that actually supports this notion. From what I've read, regular password changes frustrate users into reusing less-secure passwords. Also, there is nothing inherently safer about changing a password before a data breach. If I change my password today, and there is a breach tomorrow, what have I accomplished?
Learn some history. State sanctioned discrimination never leads down a positive path. Discrimination for no legitimate reason causes problems.
It's not a perfect world unfortunately. Women's Only Gyms have been deemed legal (something I strongly disagree with).
I'm sure he got a nice golden parachute.
Here's the bill: http://www.parl.gc.ca/HousePublications/Publication.aspx?doc=C-24&amp;pub=bill&amp;File=4 Please indicate what part supports your argument. EDIT: Downvotes for asking somebody to actually support what they are claiming. Brilliant /r/Canada !
Too often management will set up these rules and never think of the potential public backlash. Maybe someone mentioned it in a meeting, but they were brushed off with the attitude of "Bah! That will never happen. Management smart! Public dumb."
If you think you need transfats to make food tasty, you don't know much about food.
It's really quite sad how inept they are when it comes to ticket sales.
Interesting! Hopgood's Foodliner - never heard of them, but they are just around the corner from me in Roncesvalles. Their prices seem reasonable. Will have to try them. EDIT: I just noticed #8 and #11 are the exact same restaurant. OOPS!
Toronto - because there is lots to do here, and if you can't find anything to do in Toronto, there is a ton of stuff to do in southern Ontario.
Microsoft realizing the Apple way of hardware + software = success?
I have a hard enough time walking around Walmart pushing a shopping cart holding a coffee.
You have just highlighted a definition. That definition says nothing about your friend being stripped of her citizenship and tossed out of the country for blocking a street during a protest.
You need to take off your blinders. Microsoft is starting to catch up. They've had success in the tablet market with the Surface, but that's mainly in the business area. It's not a consumer product like the iPad. Microsoft is still stumbling with their phones. And they don't have anything substantial in terms of media hardware.
A lot of what I've learned about cars is from Youtube videos and my unwillingness to pay high labour costs to a garage. Be aware, if you do wish to undertake your own auto repairs in the future, you will have to make an investment in tools. You can build up your arsenal slowly over the years, but initially it will probably be a few hundred dollar. Changing oil is NOT worth doing yourself. There are places that will do an oil change for under $30, and that includes the filter. If you do it yourself, it will easily cost more than that. But other things you can often do yourself. Changing tires, replacing brakes, replacing spark plugs. I've changed my struts (shocks), water pump, starter motor, muffler, and more! All just by taking my time, reading forum posts, and watching Youtube videos. Changing brakes on an old Saturn? Canadian Tire said $700. I bought my own parts and did it in my driveway for about $150 if I recall correctly.
It is an abomination of food. It actually barely qualifies as food. I don't know who at McDonald's tasted it and said "Hey, this is marketable!".
&gt; He has to go to residency, but he refuses. He won’t take the examinations. Alkhatib wants to leap back into neurosurgery. He’s waited long enough—he’s earned it. Someone thinks he's a special lil snowflake deserving of special treatment.
Shocking! A summer blockbuster rakes in more than a French film in Quebec. Who would have thunk!
$170 to change the oil on a mini? Good grief! My Toyota dealer will do my SUV for $50.
Link doesn't work for me: http://www.cbc.ca/news/ramadan-for-non-muslims-with-a-grain-of-salt-1.3117457
"I’m not going to go around saying that he [Mulcair] doesn’t care about the safety of Canadians, he’s putting the safety of Canadians in danger." Fuck you Trudeau. Bill C-51 puts Canadians in danger.
That's the problems with government sanctioned discrimination of any kind. If you allow one business to discriminate on criteria X, then you have to allow the next business to discriminate on criteria Y. And it spreads like a cancer. Things NEVER get better when it is allowed. They only get worse. People seriously need to learn some history.
Looks like some teachers with extra time came here to downvote us.
Slapping the bullying tag on it is silly. It's assault, plain and simple.
&gt; Milk in a bag just ain't right. Milk in a bag is a fantastic thing, you heathen.
Who?
The article refers to Bitcoin as a digital currency. It's more of a digital commodity. And a very unstable one at that. I don't see any real reason why the government needs to regulate it at all.
Apple doesn't typically have inventory glut. That's one of Tim Cook's claims to fame.
People who care about these kinds of things are outraged. Unfortunately the majority of people have more interest in what happened last night on The Bachelor.
I use to commute on a four lane street. To and from work was a headache with cars constantly trying to jack rabbit to get ahead. Then they changed it to two lanes + bikes lanes. Traffic went faster! Everyone stayed in line and just moved! It was incredible. But people automatically assume few lanes = slower traffic.
Long live comedy graduates of 2002! Great to see you are still involved in comedy Helder. Some of us are desk slaves.
I am happy that I didn't know this.
Title is bullshit. MPPs represent ALL of the constituents in their riding, regardless of who the constituent voted for. I didn't vote for the MPP representing my riding, but I can still call, email, or visit her office to discuss any of my concerns. She has no way of knowing whether or not I voted for her (unless I tell her).
TL;DR - The government didn't act maliciously during the original trial. Later determined he was not guilty. Province settles for 4.5 million. Man wanted more from the feds. Denied.
I know that is a pipe dream, but there has to be SOME kind of middle ground.
/r/buildahackintosh would be as desolate as /r/applehelp
The majority of pedestrian fatalities occur on main streets, not side streets. How will the reduction of speed on side streets make pedestrians safer? EDIT: To add to this, a good chunk of injuries come from TURNING vehicles, where speed is not a factor at all! http://www.thestar.com/news/gta/2015/03/08/torontos-killing-streets-as-deadly-as-ever-hume.html &gt; Most damage is done by drivers turning left (25 per cent) or turning right (17 per cent) Not a lot happens on roads with a 40 limit. &gt; nearly 70 per cent of fatalities happened on roads with speed limits above 50 km/h
If a kid comes up to my door with chocolate covered almonds or vanilla girl guide cookies, I'm pulling out my wallet!
FALSE. OP, did you read what you linked to? &gt; The nickel dollar never circulated well. However, a need was seen by the mint for a circulating dollar coin. To encourage circulation, the size was to be reduced, the colour was to be changed, and the one-dollar note eliminated from circulation. The size was going to be reduced anyway. New dies were cast for a new dollar coin. &gt; The Voyageur design was to be used. However, a set of dies depicting the design was lost in transit. To eliminate the risk of counterfeiting, an alternate design, featuring a loon, was used. The new design would have been similar to the old silver dollar, but it wasn't the same dies. New dies had been made, and those were lost in transit. Not the original silver dollar dies.
&gt; Ahh, I see. So people that have different views than you are ignorant. And here is a classic example of a Conservative voter. Instead of disputing the two major points I made in my original post, this person has decided to use a straw man argument.
&gt; In reality people vote for all parties for a variety of reasons including sheer blind party faith. And that is ignorance by any other name.
It is very inaccurate. Compare the "right" with how the right actually behaves in the U.S. "Don't interfere with social lives" - the Republican party LOVES to force their values on others. "Don't tax &amp; spend" - Conservatives LOVE to spend tax dollars - it's how they support their war machine. "Rights - others must not interfere" - Republicans LOVE to interfere in the rights of others "Survival of the fittest" - unless it's someone else's business - then it's regulated to death.
The inforgraphic is U.S-centric.
Major events like this are ALWAYS used to build infrastructure. It's the way the world works unfortunately. It would cost a LOT less to build up our infrastructure without the games, but nobody wants to invest money without a big event attached to it.
So enlighten me. Are you a conservative voter? Why do you support the conservatives?
Ssshhhh....you'll upset the lurking Conservatives.
I've met a lot of Liberal and NDP selfish pricks.
You are looking at only a small sliver of taxation when you refer to "A worker losing a significant portion of their pay" and "government's ability to raise revenue with their ability to properly determine how to spend said revenue". It's a much broader issue. Overall, lowering taxes does NOT benefit the economy. http://www.businessinsider.com/study-tax-cuts-dont-lead-to-growth-2012-9 http://www.businessinsider.com/history-of-tax-rates-2012-5 &gt; A worker losing a significant portion of their pay doesn't increase their standard of living. It depends on where that worker sits in terms of income &amp; taxes. It CAN benefit the standard of living for himself AND those around him. Why? Because trickle-down economics don't work. http://billmoyers.com/2014/09/11/a-wealthy-capitalist-on-why-money-doesnt-trickle-down/ http://www.huffingtonpost.ca/2015/06/16/imf-trickle-down-economics-inequality_n_7595860.html
So Apple's plan was to make themselves look like jerks at the beginning of this all? WTF? What company in their right mind would say "Hey, let's be assholes, piss off the public, have a major pop star spank us, and then change our minds to be heros!". WTF? People actually think a company would do this to themselves?
I've had too many issues with software buttons. I like having a couple hardware buttons to hard reboot misbehaving hardware.
The rest of the world is trying to get AWAY from the oil industry, and move to renewable resources like wind, solar, electric. Why are you a strong proponent of an industry most would love to see wither away?
They mostly stand outside stores these days, which is useless since I rarely carry cash!
I looked into DSC, found out they use Dorco blades, and went directly to Dorco. Ordered the 2, 3, and 4 blade options. Tested them out. I found the 2-blade was good enough, and the wife preferred the 3-blade. Ordered a bunch of blades to last a year. Super inexpensive, and decent quality.
My son rarely ever fights. My wife and I have been more and more frustrated with the school administration over the year. They escalate everything to 11 with our son. He's a 7yo kid that needs supervision and guidance. We tell the school be firm with him. Make him work. But then they complain that he is a goof ball in class. A class clown. I tell the teacher to deal with him. Put him in a corner to work. Keep him in for recess. Detention. Whatever, but be FIRM with him. The teacher doesn't seem to understand how to do this, and only brings up these issues at the parent/teacher meetings throughout the year. The principal is quick to pull the trigger when my son does something wrong, but is willing to let the girl off? Look within myself? WTF?
I did the math. It was actually cheaper in bulk from Dorco direct.
Plus I'm in Canada, and DSC charges more for shipping my way. By ordering a year's worth in one batch, I saved a lot.
The principal is male, but every other teacher, gym teacher and the janitor is female.
When the principal escalated everything to 11 a while back with our son, he told us that School Board policy tied his hands. He wasn't allowed to make that judgment call. ANY genital contact had to be flagged as sexual abuse. He had called the police and CAS before talking to me or my wife. So now a girl knees my son in the genitals, and his attitude of "It wasn't sexual, so I don't have to follow the school board policy." That tells me he DOES have discretion on what to report, and what he put my son through was completely unacceptable.
No. This is the first fight he's been in at school.
The police officer came for the first incident. Got the report from the principal. Talked to us. Pretty much rolled his eyes at the situation. He knew there was nothing sexual or malicious about that first incident. He talked to our son to emphasize the seriousness of the issue. CAS was called. The principal said they would come take a statement from us. They would visit us at home. We never saw or heard anything from them. They probably read the police/school report and rolled their eyes as well. I agree that calling the police and CAS is completely ridiculous in both cases. Unfortunately I can't let the school do it to my son and give a pass to a girl.
Wow! Thanks for trying to marginalize girl-on-boy violence. FYI, a teacher and the principal asked a few students what happened and determine the girl was the aggressor. My son was the victim here.
Chains? No, everything is prepackaged, frozen, generic. If you want fresh bakery items, you need to go to a bakery that also sells coffee.
Everything is biodegradable given the right conditions and enough time. It's one of the reasons I hate the marketing term "biodegradable". It is rather meaningless.
They are trying to position themselves in the enterprise software/security space. As a hardware company, they are dead, but they may still have a solid future in software.
To add to this, my wife works overnights at a Loblaws stocking shelves. Everyone doing the overnight shift is a minimum wage, part time grunt, because they don't want to pay for full time + benefits. They constantly ask her to work full-time hours (40+ hours, 5 nights/week), but say it's still a part-time position. She of course says no way. Part-time is part-time. You don't see the overnight crew working, but without them, there would be a LOT of empty shelves.
The government is just closing up the silly loophole that allowed landlords to squeeze unjustified dollars from a tenant.
It doesn't of course. OP is an idiot.
You're driving it wrong.
Why not both?
Nope. For a basic car, stick will be the cheap option. Ford Focus - stick $16799 - automatic $18049 Chevy Cruze - stick $16075 - automatic $17525 Toyota Corolla - stick $15995 - automatic $18635
Still more expensive with less usage than my current deal with Teksavvy.
http://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/alcohol-poisoning/basics/definition/con-20029020 &gt; Alcohol poisoning is a serious — and sometimes deadly — consequence of drinking large amounts of alcohol in a short period of time. Have fun on your birthday, but don't be too stupid.
I have an 11yo iPod mini supplying music to my car stereo. Maybe one day I'll take a picture of it for karma.
ITT - people who don't realize the Pan Am signs are designed this way for a specific reason.
