The only "supporting evidence" is the fact he isn't voicing Big Boss. It would be cool if him/Snake made a cameo but I don't care
I kind of agree.
RIP old hot Anko.
You're right Raw was on Spike (was thinking TNA) you sure WWE was on Spike when Adams show was on Spike? WWE left Spike in 2005
Got anymore of that Max and Chloe?....
Minato sage mode looks great in both versions imo. A filler of Minato learning sage mode would be great.
Im dreading the feels the anime will make with Naruto saying goodbye to Minato.
Idk why but I can't see those spoilers
Yeah, it's not how he wants to live his life but he's done a hell of a lot more than people expected him to do. Terrible tragic thing to happen but it's great to see his sense of humour and his ambition to run again.
Did he get the hook out?
Naruto
So did Hiruzen fight Oro's arms until he was Edo?
Room for one more on your sunken ship?
Wat? Both are fine.
Nope. Enjoyed every second of Bloodborne.
Love it
Fantastic mix.
People might not like it but I love this plot twist, unless Kishi is trolling
Love the plot twits and Yamato looks old, looks older than Kakashi
I'm sorry but it died with Reach and stayed dead with 343i's poor attempt with 4
That was burnt by the awfulness of Reach,4 and MCC. 5's beta felt like a cod ripoff.
Because they own the ip, they can either kill the ip and never use it(banjo and conker) or support it like with Killer Instinct. If Ono/Capcom went to MS for funding/resources for SFV and there was a profit to be made, I doubt Phil would've refused.
Thanks Sherlock Holmes.
Because he's being salty and a jackass imo. CM Punk did that in bad taste and Ric is being Ric.
Then any medical Jutsu user that used chakra to heal puts their DNA into people? Is Garaa part Granny Chiyo? Naruto's heart filled with Sakura's DNA?
I did before but now it isn't free.
Never understood the JarJar hate
It sucks I'll have to wait for the dub, don't like DBZ in Japanese.
Best thing.
Just watch the documentary "Courtney &amp; Kurt" on Netflix. Great documentary and It made me a believer of the conspiracy.
I believe Minato would've been able to stop them peacefully with or without Itachi and Shisui's Kotoamatsukami. Minato probably would've reversed Tobirama's decision of separating the villages.
Jon would've made a great live play by play.
I wonder about DayZ on Ps4
Classic Square Japan, announcing things that they barely started on.
I believe they said it goes through 699
Would he even see Kushina in the after life? Reaper death seal keeps your soul wherever and Minato was set free unlike Kushina.
You're more than likely right because I just rememberred Minato performed the seal. I mixed him taking part of her chakra for Naruto.
Sorry I got a bit confused for a second lol.
If Activision will allow it. People don't realize publishers need to allow it and I don't see many doing it free(MS paying them), Sony has to pay for games on PSNow and that's why there's a price and not a huge library.
Kakashi will take the Sharingan.
Toriyama will find an excuse for Gohan.
No it isn't......
Yes. Danny is great but I preferred Jon and Arin's chemistry.
Not to make bad games like 4 and MCC?
That's probably the Kakashi costume that I'll use the most.
What? MGSV: GZ, Injustice, First Light, I consider Valiant Heats AAA because of Ubisoft, Oddworld help made the PSOne what it is and imo is a AAA and now Driveclub. Idk how you can say Sony has shown no interest going into Year 2 when there has been "more AAA" than GwG and arguably better Indies on Plus than GwG.
If the publishers give permission for BC. I don't see publishers adding their games to the service without compensation from MS, that's an issue with PSNow.
#MY DICK HURTS!
I never said defeat but Kamui, Tsukuyomi, Izanami, reaper death seal, edo tensei, Sword of Totsuka/Yata mirror, sage of six paths tools could defeat Z warriors imo.
Only 1? They're dragging out the DLC, it should be two this week and the final two next week.
What's on his shoulder?
People in Japan.
Got any source for that?
Pretty much what's happening to my dad. Going on 7 years without getting in trouble and nobody hires him. My dad resorts to stealing because he can't get a job and is now facing 30 days if he can't get a job and pay, which he can't because nobody will hire an excon. His fault for what he did, but I don't fault him and kind of understand why he did what he did. It does suck and especially when you watch someone go through it.
Refresh my memory.
It could be /r/jontron
Or(big or) employers allow more leeway and hire excons.
Right now.
No unless they change their mind.
I wouldn't necessarily call it shit. It's very silly, but good.
It's very silly, but I liked it. Ps: thank you for [this.](http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-W-I0oq3lq1E/UCbgtKbHP-I/AAAAAAAAAOM/Gb4IpEniWzE/s1600/anime-quality-fail-005.jpg)
This also looks like she was paid to take photos in the chair.
I'm so fucking hyped to have PFM back.
This is so much fun watching a healthy PFM again.
That cant be real. I've never seen one where majority of the photos is the thing they ask you to click.
Christmas DDoS came late.
And that's why Ubisoft blacklisted them.
Make your account primary when PSN is up.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p_8nQWsZuYI
How? Live also gets DDoS and they made bank from the deal.
Off topic ish: now that Smackdown will be live again, it would be cool if they did the split brands again and had two titles.
Only good thing about it was Lightning.
Super Monkey Ball from Sega pls.
Probably should've said "not much can be done" but your solutions also don't work.
First play through yeah, but they made Roach better after a few patches.
/r/PS3
Not a bad game and its very reminiscent of Twisted Metal, but I don't think it will blow up like RL.
Would CES be a place to announce a new firmware update? I doubt it will happen either way.
It really isn't ending though. Kishi is still allowing the ip to be used and is supervising the new mini part 3, any new novel and if they do more movies.
This has nothing to do with PS4
Colin M said $300 would be the perfect price.
Allegedly. Dude won his court case and shouldn't be linked to it but just the fact his name was on something that his name will always be tarnished.
The plot thickens. If true, Doc shouldn't be a hypocrite or in the HoF either.
It's dumb. If he didnt get fat and hurt and played like KGJ in his 30s then he'd be 100%.
No recaps and will pick up during the war in shippuden. You won't understand the characters and the plot without watching/reading Naruto and Naruto Shippuden. Great anime if you don't mind watching 663 episodes and counting.
Going into buildings is nice, but destroying them doesn't feel like GTA and defeats the purpose of a living world.
That's why they made GTAO
AC world design was fine, but witcher style will be interesting.
If you honestly think Japan won't buy into FF then you're delusional.
/r/games cry about everything.
Steve Kerr when he left.
They won't sell squat in Japan ever and idk if they'll even increase EU sales much.
I wonder if It's a console exclusive or will it be on X1. They were never clear and originally it was just PS4 first and PC later.
I do enjoy this arc, but it's pretty lengthy for one dream. I'd like to see Shikamaru's dream, Lee's, Neji's etc.
That's unfortunate. Survival is what I want. Hopefully DayZ gets it's shit together one day.
He spent time charging, same with Naruto but he uses clones and Kurama.
Shaky job security? There are lay offs, but It's usually from being hired as a contractor and you know you'll be let go after everything is done.
I probably should have read the comments, thanks. Happy that they're thinking of PS4 at the same time.
It's his opinion, but he doesn't have to be blunt about it and tell people that "they're shit". Just because you don't like something doesn't mean it's shit. I don't like the Beatles and recognize their greatness for what they did, but I don't go around calling the band shit.
I wonder if Darvish picked that song or even knows about it.
Ayy lmao
I believe that was to fix them.
Blame Tobirama for the Uchiha stuff.
Yeah, but he also felt guilt for it coming down to that.
That's why ge said "may have been". The good fillers are my head canon.
Yup. It was better explained thanks to filler. The filler that gives better explanation or expands on something that Kishi barely did is a plus.
I assume she never did find the truth.
Yes he would. His character is basically that, but without lust to kill itachi. In canon, seeing Naruto get stronger made Sasuke angry and wanted to get stronger and always disliked the way Fugaku played favorites with Itachi. Only this missing is just the hate for Itachi.
That's probably it. Montage of 2016 games with a logo at the end saying "Let's Play".
The fetch quest actually branch and each had their own story compared to other RPGs. It set a standard to how side quests should be.
I forgot that you can't say anything against Bloodborne in this sub without being downvoted. Bloodborne was good, but Witcher 3 was far better. You can dislike what I said, but remember that It's purely my opinion. I'm not being an ass and saying "witcher 3 was better, suck it nerds" or forcing my opinion and I'm not saying stuff like "most outlets agree because of It's 100+ awards" etc. Downvotes/upvotes mean nothing, but it gets old when It's purely used as a "I don't agree with your OPINION" button.
I wish there was a way so Keemstar can't use the internet again. I believe he is banned from YouTube, but because of some bs loophole he's allowed to do videos because he's employed by someone or something.
People probably are, but it's hard to get excited for a game that probably isn't coming out until next year and we've only seen one small gameplay.
Makers have nothing to do with it. Shu announced that it's coming.
That was when OnlyUseMeBlade ran their channels.......
So you're saying that if Naruto wanted to he could go back to get his TSB?
This guy did.
Yes it does. Him and Hashirama were the strongest ever because of Indra and Asura.
Might be able to get like half a apple, 1 goat and a Canadian penny for him.
CD said that they weren't doing an enhanced edition for Witcher 3 because they wanted to get it right the first time. If it does happen, I hope it doesn't change anything because I wouldn't personally feel right with the normal edition that doesn't change. Edit: graphics upgrade wouldn't bother me, but adding content/expanding stuff in the story etc. would make me sad if owners of the original version didn't get the update. Basically I'd rather not pay $60 again.
Maybe. I believe W2 EE was free for W2 owners.
True, but I'm on PS4(yeah yeah PC &gt; Consoles) so I wonder how they would do it on consoles. Idk if there's certain restrictions and they do have to pay a fee to have the game on the consoles and that could make them want compensation. Maybe idk what I'm talking about, but I hope It's free for original owners.
360 only got the EE and not the original W2.
They did with the help of patches. No need for an EE.
/r/ps4 should just be named /r/bloodborne because you can't say anything against it and It's filled with fanboys.
Because you're downvoted for saying anything like " Bloodborne was good, but I liked ___ more".
Ya boy Colin M will be happy.
They'd all be dead if it was GoT.
It doesn't matter really.
How does Popcap lose their own license?
Not that I'm un happy, but there's not many PS4 related questions we can ask them because they're not devs and I doubt they'll say anything If they have insider info. Basically, wouldn't /r/kindafunny be better?
Not hard to have everyone from here to go to there. Taco master is a mobile game that won't come to ps4. We hear their opinions about VR every Tuesday. Why ask them about their interviews when we can just watch them?
It should be PS4 related like every other AMA here.
They said it would be random. It's probably difficult to make three deals for 3 potential PS+ games that will be voted on compared to a single game with no vote.
Why should it be free? Online servers aren't free for Sony.
This generation shows that consoles are here to stay.
This is the reason why I don't see it happening.
Also announced was cross play between PC and PS4, but no cross play with Xbox. Its unfortunate how MS won't allow cross play. Rocket League won't get cross play, FF14 ARR isnt coming to X1 because MS won't allow cross play etc.
And again Xbox cock blocks cross play for it's own version.
Their VR game is exclusive to Rift though. Would love to know more about the development of Amplitude.
Was announced today that It's going to X1 this spring. X1 isn't getting Cross play. https://twitter.com/DaybreakGames/status/686635498954186752
The article and how Daybreak announced it makes it to be PS4 to PC cross play only. No PS3 or X1.
That doesn't explain your statement of fighting for Mission 51. Again, he could've used resources on it and not on half of the dumb awful story stuff in the final product. The only good story related thing in the game was the Quiet stuff. Edit: you're acting as if he left mid development. He was kept on ad a contractor to finish his game. Edit 2: this is also the same guy who wanted 4 to end with Solid Snake and Otacon to be executed like how Nicola Sacco and Bartolomoe Vanzetti were executed until(thankfully) Konami and his staff members at Kojipro talked him out of it. Kojima hasn't made the best decisions in his games since 4, some people even complain about 4's story.
Trolling? Wut. The money thing is rumoured because his contract was set to get paid a set price and not per sales or whatever and it's said that he acted like he had a blank check and kept spending and that apparently made Konami angry because it didn't affect his pay.
It explains MG2.
Could be a tease, but Shawn likes the attention and this photo could've been from the original game mo-cap. We see no GTAV poster and you don't see Ned Luke or Steven Ogg post these types of photos.
Him seeing indies makes him not enjoy anything.
More time to work on the boob and ass physics.
/r/gameswap or /r/gamesale might be better.
Could Rock Band VR show up on PSVR one day? Apologies if this was asked.
Same with PSN. If you're logged in during a DDoS attack or something, you're fine.
Boos? They'll cheer if HHH wins. I would love 1 more HHH title reign personally.
Before or after taxes?
Sure, but being episodic and digital gives them more time to work on it.
I'll accept it because of Patton Oswalt
Just got the PSN linking email.
Account is now linked.
Some will say SFV, but I disagree because Sony is the reason It's being made.
No It's not.....
One day isn't bad but timed betas are dumb. I guess this is how Xbox players felt when Destiny Alpha was exclusive and the beta came out on PS4 before X1. Karma is a bitch.
He's employed by Microsoft and I didn't know he made the app. There's a slim to none chance that the app will be on ps4. I also forgot that X1 kind of allows user created apps.
That's good. I'm looking forward to the AMA.
Why? All everyone would ask what happened between him and Konami. He gets enough of that on Twitter. He's either professional and won't talk about it or he legally can't.
He really wants that game. Can you blame him?
Or pull out.
PSNow was always meant for PS3 games and they have to pay publishers to get their game on there.
Good episode all around and the new ending is a gut punch.
You should be grateful that they refunded your 13 cents.
Japan has a thing for Kakashi x Iruka, so that.
True, but Itachi used Kotoamatsukami, so then it became 3v1 and Nagato had no intention of fighting either. Nagato just felt out of place and didn't really bring any emotion like Kishi might have intended, but Nagato being proud of Naruto for being stronger or whatever was cool. It's like if you(Kishi) say you didn't know how to create the emotion between Naruto and Edo Jiraiya, why try it with Nagato?
Idk why. It's the same as doing your method or Gamestop, best buy etc. The only consequence is if you do it a lot they'll suspend your account and it could make them change their pre order policy, but there's not much they can do.
Buy the rights to*
About how he says he isn't, how every black wrestler said they don't think he's racist and how Hogan treated them well etc. He could be a closet racist, but I don't believe it.
Which is why it's the better of the All Star games because it matters. Nobody in the NBA all star game or Pro Bowl plays serious because they don't matter.
How so?
It's been a while, what episode is the Kakashi photo? I don't remember the crutches.
Thanks.
Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to the other side.
Advanced Warfare.
Anyone have any glue for the receivers?
Allegedly.
The free DLC quests still aren't showing up in my NG+
Kurama chakra mode I believe.
They'd have to completely make 3 new characters just to fit the whole having 3 character options and I doubt they would. They said GTA: Online is the future of GTA so my money is on 0 big single player DLC. All three doing conventions again is interesting though. Edit: downvoted for what? Because i said they probably would and should use a feature in the game/engine? Why have something and not use it? It would be dumb to change the formula and why digress backwards from 3 to 1. If It's just a Franklin dlc then sure, but they could still and should use the three character feature.
Because they aren't putting effort into GTAO? Idk why people complain about their focus and dedication into GTAO when they said before release that GTAO is the future of GTA.
It's also been denied. http://www.videogamer.com/ps4/gta_5/news/rockstars_parent_company_take_two_denies_talking_about_gta_5_story_dlc.html
Alright sure. That link says that R* said they're exploring DLC, but that doesn't mean it was guaranteed to come or means it would come.
There's really no proof of that rumour but it took off because everyone wants it.
Max is ok, but Brian shouldn't be permanent. Naomi Kyle would be better.
Ok, but variety is a good thing.
They're new pre order bonuses?
It kind of is explained in Witcher 2. Geralt lost his memory before Witcher 1 and then fell in love with Triss between 1 and 2 and by the end of 2 he regain his memory and probably just told Triss. Geralt is "forced" to love Yen and is probably the reason why It didn't work out with Triss as soon as he regained his memory. As you know that beginning of 3 he's searching for Yen.
Cant deny the wig thing but everything else seems off, though everything about his death is just weird. From the doctor and to all those(really well put) conspiracy videos seemed weird. MJ looked a bit thin, but he looked fine during the This Is It movie.
I have no words. 10k for a picture of a dick when you can get them free on the internet or free in your pants if you're a guy.
North America.
Source about the tech? They still exist through Kennedy Miller Mitchell and are doing Whore of the Orient.
Hinata.
Smart phones is almost a given, but PS4? How? You'd think some sort of partnership would've leaked. Edit: If I can play Zelda on my PS4 using a Nintendo NX device plug in or an app, I'm all for it.
SFV was always PS4 and PC. Idk who started that.
No..... Sony is funding the game because they didn't have funding and resources.
