I once went to a reception which had nothing, but finger foods, along with a "slider bar" (mini burgers) and a mashed potato bar. I know the last one sounds odd, but the delicious hot potatoes were served in martini glasses and could be topped with butter, grated cheddar cheese, sour cream, green onions, bacon, salsa, guacamole, and a few other things. It was ah-MAZING!
ZANG!
Release that inner Bridezilla. Attack Mashed Potato Town! (There might have been a mini taco bar as well.)
*She started sulking and said DH and I aren't making time for her.* "How old are we, MIL? Being sulky over our family's schedule for the foreseeable future doesn't suit you. Buck up. Perhaps things will smooth out towards by the time the year's out."
What.A.Bitch. When you're around her and she's nasty or mean, or whatever she is being, look at her and reply "nasty." Or "mean-spirited," or "unkind." "Disparaging." Hell, I'd get a thesaurus and start learning synonyms left &amp; right.
Here are a few of the and they're doozies! https://www.reddit.com/user/PocketSized-Moose/submitted/
So, I have to ask. Is your Gran slightly touched, or does she just have a sense of humor no one gets? I sprayed coffee all over my laptop when I saw the wood.
Have you given her your own trash? Like, perhaps a single slipper, or an old magazine?
SHE gave you used/contaminated crap, and she expects YOU to be embarrassed? Yeah, her picnic basket's shy a few sandwiches.
Amazon has excellent customer service, but you'll have to drill down through their *Help* links to where you can send them an email asking if it is possible to keep your home address private. I know in the States, FedEx will ship to a local FedEx store near you for you to pick up at your convenience. I believe it's a free service. You might want to ask Amazon C/S if it's possible to request any gifts from your Amazon registry be delivered via FedEx to a local FedEx store.
Future grandmother wants a present at a baby shower being thrown for someone else? Had no one pointed out to MiL how self-centered &amp; wrong that expectation is?
We all need to carry the JustNoMiL cards.
Tastes are individual &amp; highly subjective. Mama Lupe's Tortillas are not widely available across the States, so that might have something to do with the low recommendations. I happened to stumble across them while surfing online low carb stores/support groups. I prefer them to the gummier/fluffy/bread-like tortillas as I think they hold up better to wetter ingredients, but not everyone likes a firmer tortilla. Preferences.
Take u/87roses' suggestion. Check the official webpage for the state where he was born. There should be links to their Bureau of Vital Statistics where he can order copies of his birth certificate/record of live birth. I recommend ordering 3 or 4 copies because he might need them later for obtaining a replacement SS card, passports, etc. Contacting the Social Security office should be fairly easy as well. They do replacement cards for lost/missing cards without too much difficulty. Might be a way to arrange to pick up the new card if they insist on mailing it to his home of record.
Unless you &amp; your FH are willing to bear all the wedding expenses, you can darned well bet there will be trouble with the wedding planning if his parents are contributing any funding. Your best bet is to sit with FH &amp; make a list of things you will not bend on for the wedding, and then a separate list of flexible choices. It will give him a better idea of things he'll need to hold firm on with his MiL and give him better ammo with which to negotiate. If you can swing the wedding costs without help, then definitely keep her on an info diet. "Oh, that's an idea, but we have that already taken care of." "Yes, that's interesting. We'll have to file that away for reference." Your wedding. Your choices. Stop trying to "make" her like you. That boat has sailed. The best thing you can do for yourself is be polite, honest, &amp; straightforward. Have witnesses, save communications. Always keeping the evidence of playing fair &amp; nice. You never know when you'll need it.
&gt; "I'm calling you OldName." "...and I won't answer to it any more, so if you want to waste your breath saying that name into the void, knock yourself out. You've been informed of MY preference for MY name. Discussion is now officially closed."
Oooh! Good one. Although I've heard Taylor, for all her marriages, was a fairly well regarded &amp; genuinely nice person, so might not fit Poor Pity Party. Screw up three marriages, and one really should be wondering "maybe it's ME!?" But yeah, that almost never happens, does it?
She IS trying to kill his sex life. Well, actually, she's trying to prevent any romantic interaction between her son &amp; The Other Woman. "Mom, I want to spend the entire evening banging my brains out. The last faces I want to see are my parents'!"
&gt; Because from here on out, how you frame things will be very important. There's a huge difference between 'Your mom is a manipulative bitch,' and 'You are way too smart to fall for that.' OP, this is important! You know the old saying about flies to honey? Unfortunately, it applies to a stubborn, obtuse husband who still seeks his mom's approval. You don't have to back down one inch, but play to your DH's strengths. He's too smart to fall for things like u/_Green_Kyanite_ said, or "in a normal relationship between two adults who understand who the baby's mother is and who is NOT the baby's mother, we could reason with her, but we know from past experiences this isn't the case." Also remember the power of "we." "Honey, I think it's better for daughter if we stick to her schedule." "Sweetheart, I know she's full of advice, but medicine and pediatrics have advanced over the years. It's best we stick to what her doctor suggests." Always use the "we" and not "I." Think of it as the Royal We, like the Queen.
You wanna know how to get Gobbler? They pull a knife, you pull a gun. He sends one of yours to the hospital, you send one of his to the morgue. *That's* the *Chicago* way! And that's how you get Gobbler. Best of luck! Will be looking forward to the eventual updates.
Lay down the law to all parents &amp; step parents. There will be no invitations, written or oral, issued by anyone except you &amp; DH. Demand, yeah, DEMAND a list of potential invitees from the parents and asl that the most important people be indicated on the list, possibly in order. You will accommodate as many as possible, but you do not want to get grief from ANYONE because not everyone will be invited.
How difficult would it be for you to place a phone call to her workplace and speak with the Human Resources department (or similar department)? You could say you wanted to know what sort of documentation she might need--because you want to be super helpful ;)
&gt; "By hook or by crook" Even older than that! Its usage dates back to at least the 1300's.
Question time! I realize you cannot give medical advice. What I'm asking is what is the proper terminology to use when asked if I have any allergies. A PT gets documented urticaria from head to toe with the use of certain antibiotics. No breathing difficulties, but oy, the itching &amp; welts! Is this a sensitivity or do you call it an allergy? I want to help the medical staff help keep me as safe as possible by giving them correct information (They do usually red band me for the meds &amp; a latex sensitivity for caution's sake). I also have sensitivities that popped up during scratch testing I had done because I had noticed some funky reactions when I ate certain foods. On the 0 to 11 scale, they run from 4's to 10's. Should these be mentioned as purely sensitivities if reported at all? In my case, the worst reactions to most of these are my sinuses clogging up or a few skin itchy "splotches". So far there has never been a reaction any where even remotely close to being seen in the ED. I hate feeling like a special snowflake by mentioning crap, but damn, I don't want to be that dope that failed to give people in charge of keeping me well proper information! It makes me wonder--"hey, idiot, you do have a sensitivity to certain seafood. Ya think that might've had anything to do with that weird thing that went on with your eyes about an hour after you had that contrast dye? And you know your dad has a sensitivity to the dye...hmmm. Do I mention this or was it a normal side effect that they failed to tell me about?" What to say, when to say? I want to do the smart thing.
Thank you! I'll be sure to follow your suggestions. :)
o.O Hell's bells! Living is dangerous! Eeesh. No problems with kiwi fruit, avocados, bananas, etc., but I try to avoid blowing up balloons, mainly because they taste horrible. ;) Learned years &amp; years ago a latex Foley was not my friend, and later latex condoms, ribbed or otherwise, were not for my pleasure. So far the only problems I have with latex have been with mucous membranes or the odd medical tape used for more than a day. Fingers crossed it stays that way. Knew an RN who started out the same way. Unfortunately for her, it cascaded into having to cut everything and anything that contained latex out of her life, and lordy, is that stuff every where. Her rants about finding latex-free undies and bras were sad, but hysterically funny. It broke her heart to give up nursing. She was one of the nurses who had the gift of making a person feel better just by being her. Thank you for sharing your knowledge.
Welts, weals, wheals, hives, skin rash, urticaria. Call it what you will, but basically this bit of hellishness and most DEFINITELY a sign of an allergy: http://m.patient.media/images/urticaria.jpg
Corner piece with all the frosting &amp; flowers! (I may have been that fat kid who loved cake a bit too much.)
My local grocery store does a whipped buttercream frosting which is light, fluffy and not overly sweet. A tad more substance to it than whipped cream, but not cloyingly sweet. I've never found another local bakery that duplicates it. Probably full of all kinds of chemicals, but it's sooo good on their Genoise cakes.
I've mailed a cupcake in a small canning jar. It worked out fairly well!
I know they're the bane of your modding these days, but I kinda like them, especially the ones served with a nice helping of justice boner on the side. It's encouraging to hear about a MiL getting smacked back done to size.
...and probably will try to do in one form or another. "Grandmamma loves her baby more than her mean ol' mommy does. You love your Grandmamma more than mean mommy, don't you?"
There is that possibility that MiL was just being about as dumb as a doorknob and did not honestly believe OP when she said her little one goes off the rails without enough proper sleep. Goodness knows, I turn into a proper grumpasaurus without sleep. Fingers crossed, with a really good, up close and personal chat from BOTH parents about how ALL the rules WILL be followed or access to Best Big Brother AND his new sibling will be extremely limited for ages might rattle her enough to be a proper Drill Instructor when it comes to Lights Out. Can't believe a grandparent could overlook the prime opportunity of bath time (perfect time for new pj's!) and those golden moments of reading a bedtime story or two while he's tucked safely into bed. What a waste of building a wonderful memory or two for them both.
&lt;3 I really like it when the heroes &amp; heroines win, especially when they take down the ol' dragon in front of family &amp; kingdom! Keep thy sword sharp and thine spine arrow straight!
Then turn it right back on her! "Just? YOU JUST??? You were just giving him ice cream before bed? In what sane universe does someone give a child ice cream a few hours before bed? You know, the bed you denied him? That sleep you were told and now have witnessed for yourself, that he so desperately needed? You made him suffer to feed your own jollies. He was so over-wrought &amp; over tired he could barely function, and yet, he KNEW what was best for him! The CHILD KNEW what he needed and THAT'S why he so desperately wanted to come home. The child knew better than the adult who was entrusted to care for him! There is no explanation in the world to satisfy me, so don't even try to justify your selfish behavior!"
My Dad always has been really good about being a grandfather, although it helps that our ideas of parenting have been similar. He did indulge my kids with ice cream or cookies, but his rule was the kids had to have finished a respectable portion of their meal AND whatever the amount of ice cream or cookies they took for themselves, they had to finish. If they did not finish, then no treats the next time they were offered. In a weird way, he helped them quickly learn self-police their own portions. He is a believer in birthday cake &amp; leftover pizza for breakfast. ;) "It's just food. Does it really matter when it's eaten as long as it's burned off while having a good time?"
To quote a very popular opinion around here: "NO!" is a simple, declarative sentence. Your life, your family, your rules, your plans. Don't let an outside force disrupt them if you can avoid it. MiL is NOT the end-all, be-all to your world. Keep your plans. She should check with you (and check her privilege) before she invites herself or your starts planning your life.
&gt; cuntlicking dwarf whore!!! That *does* have a certain ring to it, doesn't it?
On the flip side...telling event planners you are planning a big, blow out bash to celebrate some event or other tends to get you a remarkably lower price list for a whole host of things. Discovered this little secret when a friend was planning her New Year's Eve destination wedding. Just kept telling the vendors that they wanted to throw a fabulous 7 course sit-down dinner with wine and a tiered cake for 60 of their closest friends to celebrate the new year and her SO's promotion. The cost savings was well over a third of what was quoted to them when they were calling around town saying they were planning a wedding. "Future MiL, you keep using this word 'party,' instead of calling it a 'wedding' which is what it is. Is there something we need to talk about here? We have to admit we're becoming a bit concerned with your lack of acknowledging the purpose of our event."
Hell, I get exhausted &amp; cranky visiting DC on my own WITHOUT kids. Too much heat, too many stinky people (bathe, people, with SOAP, and use some deodorant for goodness sake!) and too much day leads to a very snappish Viking person who wishes the DC Metro cops wouldn't get so fussy about people brandishing a sword at the sidewalk hogs. I'm just trying to move things along.
I get lazy with the scrolling back &amp; forth, so I copy and paste it all into the comment box. That seems to auto-format for easier and faster reading. Had no clue it was something as minor as a few indentations that would set the format like this. Thank you for the redditing lesson, u/Barnard33F
You poor guy! No salsa? No obscenely unnaturally orange nacho cheese sauce in your life? Come to America, my friend, and taste its wonders.
Yep, mine local one is about a year old, but mine is dark &amp; dingy inside with extremely small with hard to negotiate aisles, Walmart quality produce, a tiny selection of meats &amp; cheese, full of fussy toddlers and very slow moving senior citizens. The snack/chip/candy/cookie aisle is pretty great--all the stuff I don't need/shouldn't eat. Prices are good, but it's depressing &amp; frustrating to shop there.
The thing is, it's a brand new building. Because the windows are up high and are tiny, the dim interior lighting &amp; bland wall paint, as well as the floor layout, are flat out awful. I grew up shopping at military commissaries (and still do when I have to do a super large shopping trip). Sparse, low cost doesn't have to mean ugly. Add all this, plus iffy price points/quality will rarely get me to drive past my local Publix. Plus, it doesn't help that the my Aldi store employs cashiers who come across as being trapped into soul-sucking lives. Atmosphere counts for a lot especially when I already hate shopping.
My kids like to do their junk food shopping at Dollar Tree. A buck for a Red Baron Pizza, or a big bag of Bugles, or Cheese Doodlez makes their day. I've picked up from Mango slices for smoothies and was honestly surprised at the quality. My opinion of Aldi would improve if it didn't seem so damned depressing inside. If Dollar Tree can seem bright and cheerful with all its low quality crap, then so can Aldi.
Just for grins, a French Salad Dressing Recipe: 1⁄2 cup vegetable oil 1 cup ketchup 1⁄2-3⁄4 cup sugar (start with 1/2 cup) 1⁄2 cup white vinegar 1⁄3 cup minced yellow onion 2 teaspoons lemon juice 1 teaspoon paprika 1⁄2-1 teaspoon garlic salt (or to taste or use 1-2 teaspoons fresh minced garlic and 1/2 teaspoon white salt) Blend well &amp; store in sealed jar in refrigerator.
My FiL recently passed away while my husband &amp; our younger two were visiting him. Needing to get the word out without being stuck on the phone all day, I wrote a small public tribute to let friends &amp; extended family know of his passing. My FiL, while a sweetheart of a guy, was a browbeaten man who surrendered any control of his life to my MiL and narc/personality disordered SiL. He was the classic enabler. I made mention that after several upheavals in his life (fleeing a dictatorship, career changes, etc.) he had given over the reins of his family to his wife &amp; daughter, ("perhaps not the best choice, and certainly not the typical way of a Latin family, but he chose to be like calm waters, taking the path of least resistance..."). My eldest PMs me with "Mom, that was a lovely tribute, but DAMN, that shade you threw!" Shit will definitely fly when SiL's blocked ass ever reads what I've written, but honestly, as far as she is concerned I wouldn't piss on her if she was on fire. My husband hasn't seen it either since he doesn't do social media with his phone, so there might be a touch of fallout to dodge there, but those two women ran roughshod over that gentle man and it aggrieves me deeply we were powerless to stop it because of distance. What's even worse is the funeral is going to be a circus and the perfect stage for the ensuing grief play.
Oh, for eff's sake. I doubt her little pea brain absorbed one bit of information you were trying to give her. Is apraxia similar in nature to the weird sort of aphasia some migraine sufferers experience where they understand speech, but during an episode simply can't make the words come out either correctly or at all? It's like the brain's wiring becomes jumbled/signals crossed. Any child who can pick up a second language--which to my mind is exactly what sign language is, seems like a damned intelligent little human!
"*The family*, Tonya? To which family would you be referring? My family of origin or DH's? DH &amp; I are a new branch and of course this means we naturally make up a new family. It's how it works. But don't worry. You'll always be considered a part of our *extended family.* We'd only chop off the old branches if they became bothersome &amp; interfering with our new growth." :::winkwink:::
:::thunderous applause::: Feels pretty darned good to flash that sassy spine, doesn't it?
&gt; Men in Kilts have interesting effects on Scottish women Hell, they have an interesting effect on more than Scottish women! During the early 70's, my proper &amp; very attractive thirty-something American mother once "followed the ship" as the carrier my father was attached to went from port to port during a 6 month deployment. Mom ended up at a pub in Edinburgh with a group of other Navy wives waiting for their husbands to disembark the boat for a few days liberty. The husbands were late, the wives were thirsty &amp; feeling frisky because good times were about to be had, so things got interesting when in walked a man in a kilt. Mom &amp; the stranger struck up a conversation while standing at the bar &amp; in the course of things the conversation came around to kilts and The Rumor. My mom boldly asked, and the man replied, "I'll show you what's under mine if you show me what's under an American woman's skirt." The deal was struck and on the count of three, they lifted their respective skirts. While my mom would never provide details, she did say they both were well rewarded.
Our brains are the most fantastically plastic of organs, aren't they? The fact that we're learning we can almost rewire them from the outside with therapy &amp; "exercising" them is nothing short of miraculous.
How dare ANYONE tell you how much time you choose to spend with your family member who will be permanently gone from your life within a very short time. She is dying. THAT is a certainty which cannot and will not be changed. Those who remain living, those people who are jealous of time spent with a dying young woman, they who are jealous of those last final moments you spend with your sister; they, who are healthy with miles of road stretched out before them? Their attitudes are to be pitied. What childish &amp; self-centered behavior they are showing. Both of them deserved to have their behavior &amp; attitudes pointed out to them &amp; shamed.
I've done the "mouth says one thing while brain is thinking the I've said something different." Usually happens when I'm super tired or under a load of stress in my life. As for a sign of "mindgrains" as my kids used to call them, all I know is it happens with a friend of mine, usually as a migraine is ramping up for him. I get ocular migraines. No real pain, but more of a sense of a whopping load of pressure building inside my head along with zigzagging lights at the edge of my field of vision. After a few minutes of that, my center field of vision sort "disappears." If you've ever seen an episode of the original Star Trek movies where they're tele-transporting(?) people and their bodies get all sparkly gold looking before they appear/disappear, THAT is what I see. If I was staring straight at you, you'd be just about gone. It's bizarre!
You guys really need to google name combinations. I'm pretty sure Tempest Storm is/was either a stripper or porn star. Not that there's anything wrong with that, but kids can be awfully hard on other kids when stuff like that gets discovered. Edit--always became partial to Stormaggedon after watching an episode of Doctor Who.
Woof! That man!
Yeah, exactly, because words simply...it's...oy. That's...at least she had the sense to recognize damaged people &amp; leave right away. :::shudder:::: Sex tips from Game of Thrones AND your mother??? Whoo boy. This one's a doozy.
I swear I used to think I'd poop myself inside out. I guess once those hormones commence with evac ops, the rest of the gang inside panics and tries to jump ship. "Hey! Wait for US!!!!"
Heck, I would go as far as to NOT include a time when she can expect a sleep over, because she WILL push that time line. A strongly worded email is probably the best way to delivery the first blow, set the boundary in place, and get a sense of her reaction so you can "gird your loins" for the oncoming battle. Have no doubt, there will be SERIOUS push back from her on this, so I hope LO's father will not present a problem because you're going to upset his mommy. Your little one, your family, your rules.
Definitely drop them a text message or email with "We've noticed a pattern of visits every weekend. Although it's been lovely to see you &amp; we know you enjoy seeing the baby, it's getting to be a bit overwhelming to entertain every weekend so we feel it's wisest to set some boundaries to keep harmony in our expanding family. The weekend errands &amp; tasks which need to be accomplished are beginning to pile up. Rather than continuing to feel overwhelmed, we think it's best for us that you check with us before assuming we will be free to entertain each weekend. As it stands now, this weekend finds us busy with quite a few things so a visit is not going to work out for us. We'll let you know if our schedule improves."
"Aww, thanks for the offer to help. You're so thoughtful, but completely unnecessary! We've got it under control as long as we stick to our planned schedule and keep distractions to a minimum. No worries. We'll get together soon!" You could also throw in a comment about how *envious* (not jealous) the rest of your family has been since the in-laws have been seeing the baby so often. "They want to know when is it going to be their turn! :::sigh::: We're just hoping we get OUR own quiet time with the baby because it seems like we're being besieged left and right with visitors. Honestly, we'd just love to be able to enjoy some quiet time just the three of us. No one seems to understand this."
I like to use a firm grip while casting off the offending hand while adding an even firmer "NO. Do NOT touch my belly again unless you have my express permission. Are we clear? Yes, I think we are."
And I'll bet Bippy can cook!
Kick her. HARD. "Sorry. It's just a reflex I have to being touched inappropriately, so it's best you keep your hands to yourself unless invited to do otherwise."
Had friends who married on the last day of the year and I'm pretty darn sure they qualified as being married for that entire tax year.
Yes, ma'am, THAT is gonna steam her undies right proper! Too bad you're not going to see her puckered old CBF. The only problem I see will be your SO who might need to get into the bedroom while you're gone AND will have to withstand her onslaught of "Let me see/why can't I see/OP is hateful &amp; disrespectful to you."
Yowza! This is fantastic! Bold, mature, pointed, with expectations of her future behavior if she wants to continue having a relationship, while still being protective of his wife &amp; child. It has it all. The Magical Penis line is brilliant.
When FFiL gets pissy, you call him yourself to say "Aw, FMil has gotten her wires crossed AGAIN, and we need your help. We know she's excited about all the changes coming, etc., and I know she feels the need to help, bless her dear heart, but unfortunately, in her excitement to help she is stepping on toes and trying to make decisions which aren't hers to make, God love her. She's had her own wedding to plan when she was a young bride-to-be, &amp; I'm sure it was wonderful. I'd like to have that experience, too. I'm sure you understand this is a once in a lifetime thing for a young couple. We want to make our wedding meaningful &amp; memorable to US. How do we convey to her that while we appreciate her thoughtfulness, it's unreasonable for her to take offense when we choose to plan our wedding our way? If things continue the way they have been, FH &amp; I very well might just have to say 'to hell with this' and elope just to put an end to it all. The stress she is putting on us is overwhelming. Can you help us make understand she needs to take more of a spectator approach to our wedding planning and let *us* pick &amp; choose what is best &amp; affordable for us? "
Have you never read the Great Grilled Cheese Melt Down from two years ago? The guy was so serious about his grilled cheese. https://www.reddit.com/r/grilledcheese/comments/2or1p3/you_people_make_me_sick/ When I've been in a hurry to stuff a grilled cheese sandwich into my gullet, I've been known to cheat the cooking. I start heating up the pan at a slightly higher heat than I normally would use, butter the outside of the bread, put the cheese in the middle, finish assembling, put it on a plate and then pop it into the microwave for 10 to 15 seconds. It's critical to watch it carefully. The cheese needs to start melting, but you have to stop the microwave before it screws up the bread. Add just a bit of extra butter to the pan (I use a non-stick pan, too), slide the sandwich into the pan, get it all toasty, flip. When it's all crisped &amp; golden to your liking, plate that sucker and enjoy. It cuts the cooking time by at least a third.
She's making double buttered TOAST with some cheese in the middle.
In one of the other JustNoMiL entries, someone said what amounts to "MiL, don't give us money if it comes with strings attached to your happiness." A marvelous line.
There's a Cruella in the MiL Hall of Shame. What about *It's All About Meee-ah*? Or *Simone Legree* because she's an evil greedy bitch with a tongue as sharp as a whip?
Change your once in a lifetime wedding date because it's near somebody's birthday??? Does she realize how ridiculous this sounded? It's a birthday. EVERYONE has one, every year. No getting around them, unless you die. A wedding, if you're lucky, comes once in a lifetime. I'd be tickled pink to go to a wedding on my birthday. Cake, food, booze, music, laughter. What's not to love about that?!
Especially if you're blessed with height. Got out of a few fights while in high school (we PCSd to an area known for unfortunate race relations in their southern school system--a real wake up call for a kid who had been taught to treat everyone the same). The best was having some sassy pants roll up to me while I was sitting in the cafeteria eating lunch &amp; telling me I needed to move my white honky ass outta her seat or she was gonna beat my tail. "Nope. I don't think so. I'll move when I'm done." "Oh, no. We gonna do this now!" So I stood up, all 6+ feet of me because I was in heels, took a step toward her short little self and wearing my bitch face, looked down at her &amp; said, "Somehow, I don't think so, but if you're sure about this..." I got the "talk to the hand" gesture, a toss of her head, and off she walked. My heart pounded in my chest for the rest of the day.
And spill your drink on it.
I did not know this about 211 !!! My FiL recently died, so husband &amp; I have been wondering what his mom will do with herself now that she no longer has a center focus in her life. She's really slowed down and we've convinced her she has no business driving at 92 with her bum knee and coke bottle glasses.
How is her weight? If she's a pudge, you could point out losing the excess weight will take the stress off the knee joint. EVERY time she brings up her knee pain, you ask how her weight loss plan is working. Be that annoying little gnat. Do it every time. Perhaps it will shut her up. As one with the ol' osteo in the knees, I know that even an extra 10 pounds added to my tall frame makes a difference in the levels of pain I can experience.
Ok, there goes that idea. "Then see about having your knee replaced. If your constant complaining about the pain is any indication, you truly should think about considering a knee replacement. Goodness know, if *we're* tired of hearing about it, then I can only imagine what it's like for you to feel you always have to tell people how much pain you're in. Yes, you really ought to consider surgery..." Subtle enough to perhaps shut her up, yet you can drop the hint she's talking too much about herself.
This is a Master Class being taught right here, y'all.
My blood got kinda hot when I read about him giving her permission to open the gifts, then I realized some of the comments were on the money. By saying "you open them" he also is saying "Begone! You hold no power here!" (I had comedian Kevin Meany's song "I Don't Care" playing in my head by the end of your post https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1aoz7t8DovQ ) edit--letters, because they change meanings
I would've given anything to have had her tell SiL to rip down all the decorations ASAP. I hope you find Sandy.
One of the benefits of being married to someone who flies is you can use subtle versions of flight deck hand signals across a crowded room. Husband &amp; I use it to our advantage by using the "start engines" to signal it's time to start wrapping up &amp; head out. "Pull chocks" means it's definitely time to go.
We're out now, as are most of our friends, but when we're all out together in a group it's cool that our husbands know they can communicate with any of the wives to get the "round 'em up, head 'em out" word passed back &amp; forth with something as subtle as a finger twirl.
I'm guilty of doing that around the house, mainly because I have a love/hate relationship with the dishwasher. I'm thankful I have it, but I hate loading and unloading the danged thing. Weird, I know.
LOL! I've realized this is like knowing the Club Secret Handshake. Watching a Flightline or Flightdeck in operation is like watching a dangerous ballet. I can always tell from across a crowded room when my husband is telling sea stories because his hands are in the air and he's "pointing to his watch" with his other four fingers (some of you will know exactly what I mean). I swear there are times I can still smell "airplane" in his closet. What an adventure that period of our lives was.
Reading this makes me wish so very hard for a time machine so I could either go back in time to knock ALL these awful mothers right on their asses, or at the very least give their children a heads up about the shitstream that was about to flow their way. Your mum sounds like she's a wonderful soul who managed to get her way to adulthood with a strong inner sense of right &amp; wrong in spite of her own very screwed up parents. What a love she must be.
"Just a bit of advice to you, dear sweet MiL. I will not keep secrets from other family members. If you choose to talk ill of others in front of me, I WILL repeat it back to them. I believe people should be aware of awful things being said behind their backs. I know if you are willing to say unkind things about them to me, I can only assume you will say unkind things about me to them. You've already show your hand. I don't care whether you agree with me about this or not, but this IS how it's going to be from now on, so take this as your only warning. And just so you know, I don't think someone who constantly talks crap about others is the sort of person I would want around my children very often."
You should gift her with a DNA analysis kit just so she can see how much of a special snowflake (with emphasis on FLAKE) she really is. Congratulations on your little girl. All of my little ones were born with that dark shark eye. Every one of them ended up with a variation of brown. That darned DNA of my husband's lines overwhelmed the massive amount of blues of mine.
The beauty of it is as long as you've captured the intended message receiver's attention, you can keep the hand signals subtle, small, and right in front of your chest while holding a drink, or down at your side. I've even used what I call the "fire, fire, fire" signal as a "come rescue me" gesture--repeatedly drawing the symbol for infinity with my finger. Sometimes he gets it. Sometimes I have to bore holes into his face with my eyes.
Then you must understand the difference between real minutes and maintenance minutes. ;)
&lt;3 Outstandingly good news! Heroes coming in all sizes, don't they? Young son saved the day with his quick thinking! Good man!
Dogs &amp; cats often eat grass because they *need* to vomit. Other times it's because they just want to eat grass because they're little weirdos. http://www.petmd.com/dog/wellness/evr_dg_eating_grass?page=2
"Aw, Alex, it's so sweet that you wanted to share your wants and your expectations about the birth of my baby. Now it's MY turn to share with you EXACTLY what is going to occur in relation to my labor, delivery, and recovery with MY baby. None of these things will ever be open for discussion so save your fussing. *I* am the one delivering this baby, so what *I* say goes. I'd hate to have to share with friends and family that you have become one of those pushy, whiny, it's-all-about-meeee stereotypical mother-in-laws trying to force what SHE wants instead of allowing us to enjoy this miracle as WE desire &amp; have planned with our birthing staff (This is kinda throwing the gauntlet at her feet)." And then detail your plans. There WILL be push back, but stick to your guns and if she DOES get nasty about your plans, then take the fight to social media and expose her for the tyrant she is. Do not let your husband decide his MOTHER'S piss ant selfish feelings are more important than his wife's--the mother of the child and the one who is going to be undergoing the physical endurance test of her lifetime!
But you DON'T want her there. More importantly, neither of you NEED her to witness the birth. This isn't some royal birth which needs to be documented! She cannot help you, she will not do anything except take your focus from doing your jobs: bringing your little one into the world with as little stress and trauma as possible. She's already causing you BOTH stress. This will only be amplified when you are in labor. Have DH research the harmful effects of stress on mother &amp; child during labor. If this doesn't give him a clue how harmful her presence can be during and after delivery, then I don't know what else to suggest unless it's possibly enlisting the help of a male friend who will be on your side and can talk him into getting his head out of his ass where it concerns his mother.
Or people that are extremely klutzy who have fallen down stairs a few times in their lives. Backwards. Head first. Oy.
Hotel. If there's no way out of the visits, then ALL visitors will stay in a hotel and pay for it themselves. That's not a solution, but it will help give you a modicum of privacy and a bit of respite from their overbearing attitudes.
Sizzling sneaky burn.
Maybe she could be called "Vile SeeYouNextTuesday?"
Try to remember when he is lashing out at you, that you are his safe space, his safety net. In the back of his mind he knows he can blow a gasket at you because you understand, love, and accept him. While he's not doing it to be a dick, it can become a bad habit if not kept in check. Keep guiding him towards understanding he is doing what he needs to do to get his arms around this mess of a relationship he has with BOTH parents. Help him realize it is going to get very rough for awhile before he sees any improvement and that it might take some time--after all, his parents have been allowed to behave like this ALL his life.
This link might help explain the differences (includes pictures, too). http://www.seriouseats.com/2014/08/difference-between-jam-jelly-compote-conserve-apple-butter-preserves-types.html Jell-O gelatin, no matter the flavor (and there have been some mighty odd flavors over the decades) is flat out nasty with a really weird mouth feel when it's served all by itself.
Obviously, that feminist has never frequented a Walmart. Fat, very white people every where. Sometimes it's genetics. Sometimes it's a hormonal imbalance. I think most of all it stems from people not understanding how to eat properly for their body. Some bodies just can't/shouldn't eat all the processed boxed crap like mac &amp; cheese, or pizzas, or doughnuts, PopTarts, Oreos, and CocoSugarBooms. It gets stored up rather than burned up.
That is very possible. There are also studies looking at the relationship between antibiotic use and a subsequent change in gut flora which might contribute to obesity.
Thank goodness for the alcohol to lessen the squickiness of the Jell-O.
How awful to go through so many losses. Has your sister been put on Metformin? I've heard some people with PCOS having successful pregnancies after taking it--of course, trying to get the proper dosage worked out can be a nightmare. Evidently, gut issues can be a side effect.
Sinister.
Don't forget the battle between *Queue*, a word that means “line” (as in "we stood in the ticket queue") vs. *Cue*, which means “a signal to start or do something,” ("That's when I finally told my MiL to shut up about my weight. Cue her whining tirade that she was only trying to help!").
Better than Angel Soft and doesn't melt when it gets wet is Walmart's Great Value Ultra Strong. Even Consumer Reports ranked it waaaaay up there. You can get 24 double rolls for around ten bucks. Edit--words have meaning and are necessary
Silly question, but how would anyone know whether one was watching television or not? I'm assuming television channels are not freely broadcast and are scrambled, thus requiring some sort of box to unscramble. Am American, where free TV is a thing--it's just not always the best TV there is to view.
"I don't care *what* arrangements you've made. Let me make this perfectly clear to you. This is NOT your baby. You will NOT be a third parent. You will NOT be included in any decision-making as it applies to this baby. You will abide by the parenting rules DH &amp; I put in place. There will be no deviations, no changing of horses mid-stream, nothing. You WILL abide by our decisions, and the very first decision we have made is ABSOLUTELY NO VISITORS UNTIL WE DECIDE WE ARE READY TO INVITE THEM. This applies to everyone, including you. Do not force the issue. If you attempt to circumvent this, you will find it will be a very long time before you WILL see the baby. Do NOT try to steamroll over us on this. You will awaken a sleeping giant of a mama bear and you won't like the consequences."
Her over-the-top reaction to who cares for your child in the event of your passing is NOT a result of solely depression. Something else is going on with her thought processing. If she ever brings it up again, you could easily point out that her over-reaction and ensuing tantrum only served to cement in your minds you had made the safest and best solution. And the bit about her son not spending HIS WEDDING NIGHT with her was more than a red flag. It was a freaking BOMB! Your MiL needs professional help.
The TV Police! Having grown up with free TV all my life, this seems like something out of a science fiction novel.
NO COMMERCIALS??? That's amazing!!!
"*WE* could be pregnant by Spring"??? Ew.
I blame it on the more modern usage of "we're pregnant!" Naw, hon. *I'm* pregnant. You're just coming along for the ride. It's kinda like going to watch your favorite pitcher beat the Mets. *You're* not pitching, HE is. You're just cheering and suggesting coaching options from the sidelines. Either way, please tell me she wasn't thinking of using that turkey baster on herself!
Just think of all the "this turkey kinda tastes funny. Which baster did you use?" jokes you can make during the holidays.
Her texts read like she doesn't understand the concept of coherent thought, nor punctuation. My head hurt while trying to read through that mess. Yes, I'm being that ass, but honestly, she comes across as a less than intelligent person, and certainly not one I'd care to have around my children. If my teen-aged child was a major contributing factor in me not seeing my grandchildren, rest assured I'd have no problem pulling young missy up short &amp; laying down the law. Obviously, your MiL can't wrap her head around the fact that precious Junior Miss has an attitude problem that is doing ol' Mom no favors, and will not serve the brat well as she grows up.
Op needs to block out that due date, and have herr SO tell MiL the doctor got the due date wrong. The baby is actually due three or four weeks LATER.
I think I hate you. ;) Salute! I touch the Bream of my Carp in your direction.
Seconding this. File a police report. I suppose you could give them a heads up it is going to be filed. "Just didn't want it to catch you unaware. We feel it is in the best interests of all involved to get this matter solved legally because it does involves money, plus any income taxes involved." Nobody likes dealing with the taxman. It can't be considered a threat since it doesn't say "pay us, or else," right? It just says you have to do what is right for all involved.
Why the heck can't you say "book your return ticket"? I suppose any time she gets on her high horse, you can always tell her she is free to either move herself to a hotel, or book her return ticket home. You'd be happy to assist her with either, but her nonsense WILL be knocked off immediately. Please remember this is YOUR OWN DAMNED HOME. Your home, your rules. SHE HAS NO POWER THERE. She might like to think she does, but it's your duty to remind her she's laboring under a misguided delusion of having any power in the home of two grown adults.
"You're right. It's OUR house, however, she is YOUR mother. Often in the past, she has been demanding and unpleasant. I expect any guest in OUR home, at the VERY LEAST, to be pleasant as well as polite with no nasty comments or criticisms of the host or hostess. Unfortunately, past experiences with your mother have shown that she can be less than polite, and at times flat out rude, especially towards me. I am sure you will agree with me that behavior like that to anyone would be unacceptable, and I'm pretty sure if one of your friends was behaving rudely, you'd put an immediate stop to the behavior. This is all I am asking from you. When you witness nastiness, or I TELL YOU about any rude behavior, you help put an immediate stop to it. She may be your mother, but I am your wife. I am the mother of our child and this is our home. I should not, &amp; will not, tolerate being treated like a lesser human by anyone in my own home, nor will I allow YOU to be treated like that." I'd be tempted to record her rudeness and post that crap to social media. Shame her until she gets it.
In a good old fashioned notecard: "Good to hear from you. Hope you are doing well. It's always good to know one is being missed, isn't it?! Busy as bees here, but all is well. Thanks for letting us know how you are. Will talk soon. Take care. All my best, shessolucky" Aren't you just the sweetest girl to drop her a quick note and everything when you're so busy. Who could begrudge that token of care &amp; affection? ;)
Don't forget to add the sound of the locked doorknob being turned.
If it's not a kid, then it's a dog or cat wanting in or out.
Ask them how can you "steal" an adult? He is not a piece of property. He doesn't "belong" to them. He is a fully grown, autonomous human being with his own thoughts &amp; feelings. He is entitled to live his life as he chooses, and he chooses to make a life WITH HIS WIFE. By what right do they think he is theirs to do with what they will? His mother gave birth to him. They raised him until adulthood, just as you two will do with your child. Their job as parents is complete. It is done. They have no claim on him other than the fact they can call him "son."
"You know, if I didn't know you any better, I'd think you are actually serious when you made that statement, but I know you are not THAT stupid to think that way. I mean, seriously. Can you imagine there are people who actually think that way??? What a bunch of idiots!"
Time to break out the penis party hats. Congratulations!
Ancient Aliens. Mock worthy and fun. I'm not saying it's aliens, but, well...you know.
Thought BitchBot was having more than a hitch to her get-along when I saw "Cebolla" pop up as a new person. So, your MiL has multi-layers of crazy and you want a moniker to go with that...Things with many layers: Trifle Lasagna Parfait Tiramisu Sachertorte Artichokes Layer Cake Shale 7 Layer Dip Croissant--because she has crazy, flaky layers
Thank you for updating while in the midst of all this. Keep your head on a swivel and document every single instance of any encounter/communications you have with your husband, or any one else who intercedes on his behalf. Time, date, location, etc. Good luck!
Lock the bike up, "lose" the key for awhile. Forced into sharing something that was given to YOU alone is NOT sharing.
Has anyone mentioned trying an NSAID for your periods, but taking it BEFORE the pain begins? Start taking them a full 48 hours prior to expected onset of your period, and take it like clockwork. You may find it helps a bit more rather than waiting for the initial discomfort to begin. The NSAIDs knock the inflammation down a bit faster.
Stuff it into your freezer and give it away at Halloween. No room in the freezer? Buy a few cheap plastic tubs at the dollar store and keep it in those. Stuff them some place out of sight. Candy has a pretty decent shelf life, so it won't go bad before Halloween.
Perfect if her head is thick as a rock.
Tracking on a calendar might help you figure out a general pattern as well as paying close attention to the changes in the viscosity/appearance of your vaginal discharge throughout the month. I suggested this because the daughter of a woman I worked with had a daughter who would lose several days a month due to horrible cramping, nausea, and "period poops." Her GYN suggested this strategy and it helped tremendously. On those rare occasions she forgot the preemptive strike, she was miserable.
Perhaps she needs the diversion of your birthday to take her mind off the pain of watching her husband die? Makes sense in a weird way. My mom died three days prior to a milestone birthday for me. Even though I had a contentious relationship with my mom, last thing I wanted to do was celebrate, but I let my kids plan a tiny home celebration when I returned because it helped them take their minds off of losing their grandmother. Hang in there.
Aw, bless her heart. Furthering her education must have been impeded by various obstacles in her life. My heart aches for people who have had no one in their lives to help them explore the wealth of knowledge waiting for them beyond their limited education. Dear lady, proper punctuation and grammar have a purpose in our lives. https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/61/d6/60/61d6601e73e9b475aac9a3049726fe71.jpg
probly supposively unflammable irregardless mute point She had no regrats posting her message to facebook.
LOL! There's real, and then there's *real.* When my kids were in the single digits, they referred to headaches as "headeggs." If it hurt to swallow, they suffered from "sore goats." That extra fold of baby fat at their arm pit was called "woobie pudge." We had a "dijigal clock" in the kitchen where they ate "brekfixt" each morning. We have quite a few other words which have managed to stick around and are still used by us. I catch myself saying "brekfixt" more often than not!
I don't see why you CAN'T tell her she's on an info diet from now on. SHE broke her word to you and should suffer the consequences. Her *knowing* she'd going to be cut out of the flow of information from now on because she couldn't keep her big trap SHUT is the perfect addition to her punishment. She only has herself to blame.
I forgot to add "mindgrains" which are the really bad "headeggs."
I've also heard it referred to as a "moo point." Shot a martini out of my nose when I heard it. I might not be the most ladylike person at times.
Think of it as another tool in your toolbox of Fit &amp; Healthy!
"Scarfing" was Valley-speak when I was young.
Very possibly. Husband is of Cuban descent.
Totally. "All I need are some tasty waves, a cool buzz, and I'm fine."
"Bad children." What the hell?
Well, THAT explains why I'm now needing "readers" to thread a needle! I wonderful if she thinks a woman can become pregnant by swallowing a "load?" Damned near blinded my own family by dumping a spoonful of hot pepper flakes into some heated garlic oil. Was making a spicy beef &amp; broccoli stir fry and wasn't paying attention to order of ingredients. Resulted in streaming eyes, snotty noses, coughing, a lot of "Are you trying to kill us, Mom??"s, and an explanation from husband on pepper gas. (Did you know that getting pepper spray in your eyes can temporarily change the color of your irises? Husband had to undergo pepper gas training as one of the qualifications for his job. Came home with his brown eyes looking more blue than my blue-grey ones. Freaky!) u/Malakoji Love that Lewis Black quote. Looks like I'm going to have to break down and find his stand up videos--I'm ashamed to admit I've never watched any of them other than in little snippets. u/subspicious, "cuntagious" has now been officially added to my list of wonderful words! Thank you! I learn so many wonderful things from this sub.
I was scarred for life by a pressure cooker incident when I was young. My mom had an ancient one (might have been borrowed from her Narc MiL) explode on her. For months, she was scraping bits of a New England Boiled Dinner off our "popcorn textured" ceiling (Yay for 70's decor. I grew up surrounded by lots of rusts, browns, orange appliances, furniture, and avocado shag pile wall-to-wall carpeting. Ever see *That 70s Show*? That was my life, and my wardrobe!)
Champagne leans to warm gold tones like a glass of champagne. Grey/silver leans toward the cool blue side of the spectrum. All in all, I think you dodged a bullet. Not a sexy, cut down to there gown, AND it wasn't white, cream, ivory, or beige. Your gown was lovely!
Your response to her? "OK."
Caffeine does have some vasodilator properties. It can help asthmatics breathe more easily, but it can take up to 2 to 4 hours after ingestion. I doubt Pepsi is 5 second magical. (Although I swear I've felt my first two sips of an icy gin martini go straight to my thighs &amp; knees and make them relax.)
&gt;"she is your only mom, you should forgive and forget". Yes. You should forgive yourself for any feelings of guilt she might have instilled in you, any heart strings you allowed her to pull, any buttons you allowed her to push. Forgive YOURSELF for all of the mixed up, mishmash of feelings towards her. And then forget. Forget that she is your mother. From now on, treat her like you would treat any other ridiculous, rude stranger you might meet. If you can't go NC, then limit your contact with her to text messaging only. Do not answer phone calls from her. Do not rise up to take the anger/emotional reaction bait she dangles in front of you. Recognize how much she ENJOYS causing upset &amp; pain in your life. She feeds off of your negative emotions. Starve her. Don't react. Be blunt, curt, &amp; truthful to her in as few words as possible if you do have to communicate. &gt;"Hi! So! I am going to assume that you will never forgive me and will always hate me?" "Good assumption." &gt;"I am not being passive aggressive, I am sorry that I bruised your fragile little ego" "You don't matter enough in my life for it to bother me any more." To the flying monkeys you reply "that might be how she is now, but that doesn't require me to accept reprehensible behavior. **You** wouldn't accept behavior like hers from a stranger, so why are you bent on making me accept it from someone who should know better *because she's my mother?*" Giving birth isn't license to abuse, degrade, humiliate, or emotionally torture ANYONE. Some of us will never have the mother we deserve. This is the hardest thing to understand. Mourning the relationship that never was, and never will be, is a tough hurdle to jump. She is irreparably broken. Recognize this. Don't allow her any more chances to try to break you as well. Remember, what you allow to happen WILL continue, and it invariably will trickle down to YOUR children. If for no other reason, limit your contact, limit the abuse you take from this woman, for their sake.
They look like they're made from polyester fabric which equals hot sleeping. She does have quite the eye for different, doesn't she?
Internet hugs from a stranger. That feeling of wanting to stab her in return and twist the knife a few times before you're done is natural. Perhaps when YOU choose to forever go NC, you'll realize YOU will be the winner. You see, as long as you remain unresponsive, YOU WIN THE LONG GAME. It may not feel like you are winning, but you will be! You have all the cards, all the game pieces, all the poker chips. She can't play without them, and without them, she can't win. Silence can speak volumes.
If you have to talk to her, you could try to keep your answers to her brief. Passive. Don't rise to the fight bait she dangles. Say "Ok," or "you might be right," "that's a possibility," "I wish I knew why," or "you've given me something to think about." "I'm sorry you're feeling this way." All vague, open ended answers. Don't confirm or deny accusations.
A coward? No, you're not a coward. You simply are no longer interested in listening to her version of "how things should be." "I'm not addressing what you're saying? Hmmm. Perhaps it's because I don't give a damn/I just don't care what you think any more." Once you give yourself permission to walk away, to stop being afraid of keeping *her* good opinion &amp; what *she* thinks, you become free. You have to teach yourself not to care anymore. Dobby is a free elf. I can tell you from personal experience, no longer being "afraid" of your mother, realizing you do not have to put up with her crap is freeing. There's a certain strength that comes with the realization she can't send you to your room, she can't ground you from watching TV. You are FREE to live your life the way YOU want to. You can shoo her away with a "Be gone! You have no power here!"
Maybe "baby breath" is like "puppy breath" to her? Weirdo.
Damn! I never thought about throwing myself a party each time I had to self administer all those Lovenox injections. One night could've been a kegger, then a BBQ for the next one, a cookie party for the third...what a lost opportunity!
Doncha know, SOOOO many people swear they are descended from a Cherokee Princess. It's always a Cherokee Princess. "You can tell because we have high cheek bones..."
"Jeez, mom! What the hell is wrong with you? This is something a psycho stalker sends to their victim!"
Maybe it depends on the breed. Our Aussies had an almost sweet earthy/coffee scent to their breath.
Well, she's shown you where her priorities lie--at least for right now. Act accordingly going forward. Only provide barest details and only if asked from now on. Don't volunteer information. Evade the details. "Every thing is "handled/taken care of/no worries, we have it under control." When someone shows you who &amp; what they are, BELIEVE THEM!
Think of her as a person who is wired to put herself and her wants before those people with whom she has not developed a deep connection with. Now that you know how she operates, be more choosy in how much of yourself you offer up to her. It appears she doesn't know how to be honest with you. You could dump this in your FH's lap so he can ask why she decided at the last minute to go to a theme park rather than go dress shopping. Her behavior was a bit cold and distant and rather insulting when seen from your point of view. Perhaps, she's put out with you for inviting other people on the dress hunt. Perhaps she's just a selfish beast who doesn't care that you were expecting her to go with you. You won't know until someone asks.
Aye, that they do! I am "lucky" to have a numb area in pie-shaped wedge from my navel to my pubic bone due to nerve injury after my C-section. I was able to concentrate on that area for my of the injections, but the few times I strayed outside of it? Whew, Lordy! It stung like a bee!!!
I've down the 23&amp;Me as well. The closest I could claim to NA is 0.1% Yakut. The Yakut come from an area compassing those tiny little Islands that reach across the Pacific to the Alaskan Islands. Very likely these people share some DNA with the same people who crossed the Bering Straits into the Americas thousands of years ago. My dad had his DNA testing performed as well. While both he &amp; I are well over 90% European, we were surprised to see around 8 generations ago up popped Japanese--of course it seems to go away depending on where the "safe bet" percentage is set.
That's when you tell them the Cherokee don't have kings, queens, nor princesses. Any idea to which of the First Nations people you descend?
I'd bet a LOT of people would change their tune if *they* had to contribute financially before they could claim First Nations status.
I think this is a prime example of the "lesser of two evils." :)
Here. Have an upvote for a Doctor reference.
HOW do you eff up a HAM???
The difference here is she actually *was* the daughter of a Paramount Chief, and there is a historical paper trail which includes her brief life in England prior to her death. While some of the stories about her might not be true, the fact remains she did give birth to one child before her death. If your mother's family can accurately trace their lineage back to Thomas Rolfe, then those claims have a better chance of being true.
"Look, MiL, we all know you don't even have a *sensitivity,* let alone a full blown allergy to dogs. Why don't you just come out and admit it? I mean, come on! Let's be honest here. You don't like the dogs, pure and simple. No one is going to hate you for admitting it. In fact, we'd appreciate it much more than you fibbing about the matter."
Claritin and some nasal Flonase works for me. I've developed sensitivities to both my pups and the cats from hell. If FMiL is THAT allergic, then SHE needs to get an epi-pen for her anaphylactic reactions (just in case being around someone who has been around the dogs since she's so darned allergic) and you can send her a list of hotels in the area. Maybe you should call her "Wheezer."
Ever hear of the *Black Irish?* Strong Spanish DNA among the Black Irish. https://www.irishcentral.com/roots/history/who-were-the-black-irish-92376439-237784721
LMAO! Oh, gracious me, that poor lil' thing. I do believe she's just a bit touched in th' head, isn't she? ;)
Is she under the care of a mental health professional, because WHOA!!
I don't think it's cruel at all if your mom's stint in ICU &amp; the stomach pump put a stop to her suicide threats. At least it was a start to documenting her mental issues. I'd suggest your husband dig up and resend any message/email from last year where he had listed why he was going VLC with her, "In case your memory is failing you, a reminder of why."
"Hey, sweetie! Wanna go on a private treasure hunt? If you're lucky, I'll bet you'll be able to find a pink pearl in a matter of seconds!" ;)
"Why is grandma texting in the third person? Is grandma having an episode of some sort? It is rather...off-putting and a bit odd. Perhaps a new hobby for you might be in order as my child is not a toy for your amusement or companionship. I AM away from home on business. I don't have a lot of free time to check my messages or reply to nonsense texting. In the future, please keep any text messages to me while I'm away on business confined to brief IMPORTANT messages only. I'm sure you understand. Thank you for your kind words. Have a good night." Brutal? Perhaps, but on point and truthful. So what if she bitches? You've been truthful and even gone as far as to state a very valid reason behind your request for the nonsense texts to stop. Edit--Block her. Tell your DH once she notices she's been blocked that she texted you non-stop even after you asked her to stop. Her texting was bordering on stalker mode and you are at your wit's end. Your choice was to block her or rage at her into a point of no return. "I did what was best for ME this time."
In our house, the dryer doubles as a storage unit &amp; iron. We are a lazy/distracted family. Sometimes a load of laundry will stay in the dryer until someone realizes they're missing a particular item of clothing.
Every time I remove the sheets from the dryer, I think of my Gran and her ironed sheets. Ain't no body got time for that--but I do remember how lovely it was to visit her house and lie in a bed with crisply ironed sheets.
"You keep using that word..."
I like "having a wasp up her ass" much better than "having a bee in her bonnet!"
Can you imagine being the poor patient sharing a semi-private room with her? I wonder if she'd instruct them how to use the loo, too?
A Cease &amp; Desist is a bit different from an RO. If you're near a military installation, I'm willing to bet Base Legal could draft a quick C&amp;D for you. It might be worth getting an appointment to speak with someone.
I'd consider playing tourist in your own town. Do you have a Farmers Market or Art Walk you can spend a few hours? What about a local microbrewery? Do they offer free tours? Download a local historical marker app for your phone and try to visit as many as you can that are in your area. Go to the local museum, go to lunch, take in a matinee movie or two (pack your own snacks), and then go out to dinner. Check into a reasonably priced hotel with a stack of movies you've been wanting to see (or bring a streaming device with you), pack some heavy snacks/order take out food, &amp; have some kinky cheap hotel sex. Offer to baby sit someone else's kids so THEY can go off and do something fun. You can do this!
From now on, each and every time you invite her to visit you make note of it in a calendar of some sort, whether it's on your phone or a paper calendar. When she goes on her "Oh, I'm never included/invited" rant, bust out that calendar and list every instance **she chose** not to visit. You could casually mention the party and hope she won't come just like all the other times she's blown you off. But, since you'd rather NOT invite her, just be prepared with a firm reply: "We've asked you over and over to come see the baby--it's darned well easier for you to come see us than for us to drag all our baby gear to see you, by the way--and you have never, EVER chosen to come visit LO and I think that's shameful. Well, we didn't need a house to fall on us to take the hint. You aren't interested in your grandchild. We get it now. We didn't want to bother you with another invitation to see the baby."
Yes, it IS Thomas. That's pretty cool! So, I hafta ask...can you paint with all the colors of the wind? ;)
Give him your sexiest smile and tell him to be extra gentle with you?
"And I'm dead serious that what you've just said is extremely rude. Sing-song nursery rhyme voice or not, what you've just sung is an insult to that child's mother who just happens to be ME."
"Why are you asking?" "That's a rather personal question. Why do you need to know?" "My, you certainly ask quite a few personal questions, don't you?" "You certainly are inquisitive, aren't you?" "Now, MiL, you're treading into NotYourBusiness territory. Would you like some coffee?" "MiL, when, or if, we decide to have children is really not your concern." "You DO understand any children which we might have are not for your personal amusement. If you need something to love, have you thought about getting a cat?" "MiL! Good grief! Do you know how that came out??? If anyone heard what you just said, they'd be stunned. I'm so glad you said that in private. I'd be so embarrassed for you if you were overheard in public!" "Seriously? You seriously just said that?" "Wow." Said softly, and with a gentle shake of your head. "Huh. Well, you sure do have a set opinion on things, don't you?" "Well, aren't we just a ray of sunshine today?" "I haven't found that to be the case." "You do you, MiL. /I'm glad that works for you." My personal favorite to an unpopular opinion is the simple one word "noted."
"You know what they say about curiosity...Hey! That's an idea! Have you thought about getting a kitty?" "Oh, I don't want to talk about that now. What's the most exotic thing you've ever eaten?" "Same thing, different day/Oh, the usual, nothing special." "OH! Have you seen the trailers for the new *Murder On The Orient Express?* Kevin Branagh can grow quite a mustache!" Keep adding to your list! Practice saying them in the shower. (Ever hear of an old cartoon character named "Sniffles the Mouse?" That's what I imagine her as, just chattering away. My Gran used to yak non-stop. My mother swore she did it to keep herself grounded in reality. Mom &amp; Gran were not each other's biggest fans.)
Remember these words "**I** am the mommy!"
Are you in an apartment or house? If it's a house, you *could* tuck things away in the attic/crawl space. Stuff things into plastic storage bags or even plastic garbage bags--easy to haul up and down. The electronics like your computers and game systems I would box up and leave sealed with a close friend.
You and &amp; posted within minutes of each other!
The proper response? "No. Thank you. Until you **choose** to stop the *involuntary* behavior, my opinion of you will not change, nor will my relationship with you. If you want me in your life, then you must change your critical, obstinate, controlling, and offensive behavior. No change. No daughter."
"MiL, generally, a guest to a function does not get to dictate any of the events at said function. Thank you for your input, but it's not necessary. We have it all under control."
"No need to go any where. DH &amp; I have the arrangements EXACTLY how we want them. We *are* getting the impression you want a real hoop-de-do with particular things in a certain way and it's not anything we're interested in doing. Not at all. Our suggestion is you and FiL plan a vow renewal ceremony for yourselves. This way, you can have YOUR dream ceremony &amp; reception the way YOU want it. Please understand, we have already decided on what WE want for OUR event. Your ideas simply don't mesh with ours, so thank you for your input, but we're good. The subject is closed for discussion."
I'm betting the bride-to-be looked so lovely in the dress that FMiL was JEALOUS, and made those awful remarks to FSiL to make her raggedy bitch self feel better. The first hint was her picking out the totally unsuitable gowns that had already been rejected.
