Tiger cubs.
&gt; I did jump the gun before I even started the design process and picked up some reefers at a hobby store that was closing out for ~$6 per car. I believe they would be used to ship beer, no? IIRC beer is shipped in insulated boxcars, if it's shipped by rail at all these days, as it doesn't need to be cooled just protected from extreme temperatures. I think produce and fruit would be more likely.
If the latter lasts more than 4 hours believe you need to see a doctor.
You will be working weekends and some weeknights. If you tell them you cant work weekends you won't get hired, if you request weekends off, they'll simply not schedule you. What you can most likely expect is to be scheduled 3 to 6 nights a week, including Friday and Saturday, for five or six hours each day. When they get slow they will send you home. If they're busy they may very well call you in on an off day. You will still have plenty of free-time but it will be at odd times and at times you can't schedule other activities. It's not particularly fair, but that's what you can expect. The donut shops may be the opposite with you scheduled for *very* early mornings instead of nights, but the rest wlll be the same.
Reactions may very. Only a jackass owner/manager would expect you to drive back, but those do exist and even a reasonable manager might pressure you to get there. You are allowed to say no, however many employers don't like workers who aren't available at a moment's notice and you might very well see your hours cut the next week or even left off the schedule entirely.
tl;dr The woman is the last scion of a once-powerful clan of street magicians. The flaming tire tried to assassinate her to lift a thousand-year curse placed by her great-great-great grandfather that prevents it from ever being put out.
The gods will not save what? OP I have to know, tell us!
Opinion.
Never a good sign.
Or a cat-snake.
No Cookie Monster Tully?
Really, the governor that's going to kill actually useful transit projects is now going to build a freaking Maglev?
&gt; how do you plan on securing your new nation? I wouldn't worry, the Balkans have a long history of safety, security, and mutual cooperation.
I'd be willing to bet Clinton has gotten more than one blowjob behind a tree. It seems like something he'd do.
Just like me. There's nothing like some freshly cracked traffic almonds.
So you're saying he's a politician?
Well, he already thinks you slept with her, might as well go for it at this point. Nothing to lose.
And cats.
Can confirm. My grandfather volunteered to die fighting the Nazi's for fundamentalist's rights to cover up incestuous child molestation.
Favorite scene in Dirty Dancing?
Why? You think I haven't seen my white redneck neighbors beating each other half-naked in the middle of the street at 3 AM?
A crowded outfield combined with a slump and I'd give it way better odds he ends up back in AAA than bounces back.
a) It tastes like eating shit and b) large, and even moderate, quantities will make you sick, it's why people spit while using chewing tobacco.
He's obviously (or at least feels he is) two wins better than a replacement level poster.
Technically I believe he was still cooking amateur quantities when he way paying his hospital bills and only turned to the industrial quantities once his hubris and greed started to get the better of him.
It's just Rob McElhenney in blackface.
Relax. We can all downvote him. Also, you for the smiley face.
&gt; brothers with the guy who invented Gold Fish. So not only are you admitting he's the brother God, but you don't believe the brother of the all-powerful creator of Heaven and Earth is capable of being all those things at once?
[MAJOR SPOILER, seriously do not look if you don't already know what happens in the novels] (/s "There's about a 99% chance he's going to kill Jon Snow, quite possibly next week")
I had a similar save problem and can't remember at the moment exactly how I fixed it, nor find the original solution I used. When trying to save I would press the button and it would appear to save at first, but after a second it would stop saving and nothing would appear in the list nor in the file system. Autosaves wouldn't save either. It was something to do with the game trying to save to Virtual Memory before saving to the hard drive, if I recall correctly. There was a setting I had to change somewhere, maybe via command prompt. I might have had to change the game settings to not compress the save files automatically too. I believe I found the solution somewhere in the Steam forums after searching unsuccessfully on Paradox's own forums, if you want to try to search around. The frequent crashes went mostly away too when I solved it, though being a Paradox game there are always some. I'll search around some more when I get a chance as I'm pretty sure it's the same problem. edit: [Here it is.] (http://steamcommunity.com/app/203770/discussions/0/34096318697220052/) Try and see if that helps.
The Medicine worked! No more cold for OP's mom! Praise God
You bet your god-damn ass he did! Also minorities, old people, jews, non-STEM majors, and the disabled.
Now if I just had 35 quintillion Zimbabwean dollars, I'd be a millionaire again.
Maybe something like Gregory Polanco last season. Don't assume he's going to be the savior of your season and definitely don't go wild with who you drop to pick him up, especially in a shallow league.
Speak for yourself.
Isn't this where we saw Brienne and Pod looking down at Moat Cailin?
IIRC, the novel was a follow-up to a comic, which also may have been a sequel to an Original Series crossover comic.
What''s the deal with female detectives on TV/Movies constantly wearing high heels on duty, is that really a thing?
Except fondant.
&gt;Olly'd FTFY
It was convenient that he apparently had the foresight to warg into a piece that already had traitor carved into it.
Where is this heaven? Unless it's Arizona, then I rescind the heaven part.
&gt;Do people really go to their doctor and ask for brand name medication, and have the doctor prescribe it? Yes, they do. &gt;Won't the pharmacy just give you the generic unless the doctor writes that the name brand is required? Generics don't exist for new medicines or reformulated old ones. &gt;Do doctors actually just do this? Yes. You've more than llikely been in a doctor's office when a person in business attire walks in and goes up to the counter. They're carrying a small rolling suitcase usually and a fancy tablet. The staff knows their name. They're a drug rep. Basically they exist to 'educate' doctors on the benefits and why they should prescribe thier repped medicines. They give out the branded office merchandise (pens, paper, etc) you probably have a few of lying around your house and often buy the staff and doctors lunch. Sometimes there are even sponsorships to conferences, that are nearly free vacations. Some doctors are truly unswayed, some listen for the free samples of the medicine they can give out to patients who are otherwise unable to afford said medicine, others don't care and will do anything for a free lunch. Often the medicine does work or there is no better alternative, so it makes sense to prescribe it. &gt;Do they only put the ads up in the time frame before a generic version is available? Not necessarily. There are people who genuinely only believe in name-brands. Also people who have no idea a generic exists. The doctor also has an option of telling the pharmacy not to dispense a generic. Sometimes the formulation of the generic can make people sick (or think it makes them sick) - though this also works the opposite way and people think it's the brand-name giving them side effects. There can also be multiple makers distributing generics and asking for the brand name will always give you a uniform pill type. You also still see ads for Motrin, Aleve, Tylenol, Claritan, and many others despite the fact you can walk into Wal-mart and buy twice as many generic pills for half-the price, there is value in a name.
Not even a rumor. Pure speculation.
It's Ruben Amaro Jr., so both of them plus two or three other top 10 prospects. This is never, ever going to happen.
-justastronautthings
What if I told you that's irrelevant to the IMF's plan.
Quite a few story lines are. Brienne and Pod. Tyrion and Jorah. Dorne kind of happens but with mostly different characters, Jamie is elsewhere.
And minorities. Everyone hates dirty, welfare using minorities too lazy to use their own bootstraps.
They're not the pure incarnation of evil.
Serious.
Judging by the rest of his outfit, probably the $5.99 special ones from Wal-mart.
How the hell do you have time for anything while working in a restaurant?
Amen! The dreams of the 90s doesn't have to only live in Portland, we have the power to bring the good ones back forever. Vote Bush 2016!
A Rottweiler doesn't seem like the type you'd want to pair with a big cat though.
Or he operates a dinosaur park that regularly goes haywire (though I suppose that's all of them - judging by the movies).
Yes, it's called Google Chrome.
The Examiner is shit. I've said it before but it's only for people who want a right-wing DC based news source but feel the Washington Times is too sympathetic to communists and baby-murderers. The story may be true, the source is junk.
And you went with Firefly Monopoly, of all things? Firefly: The Game is actually pretty decent. It even replicates the feel of the show.
Well he was from the desert, so I'd assume he'd probably have a US Army armored humvee with a .50 caliber machine gun mounted on the back.
Was he ordering pizza or chinese?
Only if you only prosecute false rape accusations and female-on-male domestic violence. Otherwise you won't be welcome on all the best subreddits.
I've heard they don't even need those suits. Apparently their planet is quite lovely.
Why not both?
Michael Bay would be proud.
As a trained forensic fotologist I can confirm, it's the original. I can detect no fotoshooped traces of any kind.
No, the goal was to be inexpensive, so they used a public domain piece. In fact all the music in the early seasons was public domain.
Central Time? What is this Soviet Russia?
TIL dogs can eat slow. I've only ever had Golden Retrievers.
Eh...I'm not worried yet. There's still the mentally ill, Hispanics, Middle Easterners, Indians, Native Americans, East Asians, the disabled, non-evangelical Christians, the poor, and all women to go before they get to me.
Haha...how can they be so stupid. I mean 59% really don't believe that? Come on people!
It's pretty self-explanatory, but trains are substantially more fuel efficient than trucks. If you add several hundred trucks to the roads in place of a single train you're increasing congestion, emissions, demand for oil, and tax payer cost for road maintenance for the damage those additional hundreds of mllions of trucks a year will do.
&gt; Standardization was mandated by law in the North This isn't correct. There were quite a few broad gauge railroads in the North, especially the 6-foot Erie-Atlantic &amp; Great Eastern system (stretching from the Hudson to Chicago) and several other connecting railroads. They converted to standard gauge in 1880, of their own volition, for ease of interchanging with other railroads. There were also a boat-load of narrow-guage railroads built even into the early 1900s. The Southern railroads with assorted odd-gauges were also mostly converted in the early 1880s, not during the Civil War. The reality is standard gauge won in the USA because the first railroads were mostly built to that gauge because they needed to import locomotives from Britain. It worked out fortuitously that 4' 8.5" was an acceptable alternative between the cheap-to-build, small right-of-way narrow gauges and the smooth riding, large loadings of broad gauges, so there was never any reason to change it and eventually all the secondary systems that used odd gauges were forced, by economic necessity, to convert.
Maybe if I'd recently suffered massive head trauma.
&gt; For all you know, he maybe not even be in Canada. So you're saying it worked out well for him after all.
God-damn commies! Does anyone really want to live in a world where you can't get a dirt cheap flavored sugar-water?
Dizzy Dean.
&gt; off-putting. I think you meant classy there, but I'll give you the benefit of the doubt and assume English isn't your first language.
Sure. I'm not picky.
Remember that day we went hunting for little green ghouls and found three?
The mountains are odd, though not necessarily incorrect if you're envisioning the whole are between them being mountainous as well. You seem to have tried to put a mountain range at the end of every watershed, giving your mountains a chaotic look, but watersheds often end at hills or even on the flat plains. You can easily get away with eliminating a few to clean things up. Mountains tend to occur in long chains, due to how they're formed, so I'd recommend trying to align the rest in a series of top-to-bottom (or left-to-right lines, rather than having them run jagged every which way.
Bear is a Cylon, confirmed.
Well if you want to get racist about it I'm sure there's a bunch of fatherless minority jokes.
But how will people know how outraged I am at reddit for banning mah free speech if I don't return and tell everyone?
2000% looks good on a label. It's how the ill-informed know it's powerful stuff loaded with energy.
/u/funny_ss with an on-topic post too asking the tough questions.
Say it ain't joe.
NIMBYs will kill elevated rail in about 5 seconds, look at all the problems they've had in Canton with just street level and a short elevated section. They're insanely loud and sometimes rattle nearby windows and rooms, provide a dark, scary place for an unwanted element to congregate under, and are an eyesore that can often be seen for several blocks.
It appears the Dodgers just told the Future's Game to go fuck itself, I'm not reading anything into it.
&gt;Christian Muslim Atheist
Wade Boggs is not dead, how many times do we have to go over this?
Try 1944, the footage is only *scheduled* to be released next year.
Glitter lung is real, people. Don't ignore the symptoms even if it's all on the ground.
It's having a hard enough time standing on a slight slope, I don't think it's ready for trees yet.
One could even say granny is gushing.
Where is /u/unidan_SS when we need him?
"There are no shows like Game of Thrones. Only Game of Thrones." If you're really desperate for more Game of Thrones, I'd highly urge you to read the novels or if you can find them the [series of Novellas] (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tales_of_Dunk_and_Egg) set in the same world. They're long but aren't a hard read. the Novellas are an even easier read. They're been a few other shows in the fantasy genre airing recently. Outlander is pretty good and just finished a first season, Jonathan Strange and Mr Norrell, while I haven't watched yet, is supposed to be decent and also finishing up. Both are Guns and Sorcery rather than Sword and Sorcery. They've been a ton of series and miniseries based on King Arthur/Camelot/Merlin over the years. Legend of the Seeker was based on a high fantasy series that was pretty popular before it's author decided to turn it into an Ayn Rand circlejerk. I haven't seen it and can't vouch for it's quality, especially since it was a small budget syndicated thing. Pillars of the Earth and it's sequel, World Without End were both adapted as miniseries. Neither are fantasy, instead being historical dramas, though they're likely the closest you'll actually get to replicating the feel of Game of Thrones. Both are decent, though reading the books are better. Other historical fiction shows you might like (or might not - they tend to be heavy on the love and romance angles) include The Tudors, The White Queen from the BBC, and Reign (though again I haven't seen it and can't vouch for its quality).
Does being on the Polish side in WW2 really count as fighting? (A joke - yes, I know the Poles actually fought quite a bit, both at home and abroad, after being overrun by Germany).
Oh fuck, the Brain Slugs are here and they don't look like slugs at all. Heaven save us.
He's more or less in line with what he's done each of the past three years. He's just streaky, hopefully today was the start of another hot stretch. His equivalent pitcher is probably someone ranked in the 25-30 range, but Seager is pretty unexciting and plays a rather deep position so I doubt he'll ever actually return that much.
Prison guard is the job you get when you finally come to the realization that you've screwed your life up and desperately need a reliable 30k a year. It's a shitty, dangerous job with bad hours and therefore doesn't attract a very high caliber of employee. Most prison guards are probably lucky they didn't wind up in jail themselves at some point in their life.
&gt; It's like a snake eating its own tail lol. Fun fact: Oroboros is also a racist.
Michael J Fox is not dead.
If Michael Bay did it then why is there still a body? Wouldn't it have been incinerated in the 'splosion?
Are you telling me you built a time machine out of a Ford F-350 XLT with the extended towing package?
Who?
I'm guessing it's North American from your Amtrak flair, if so you might try browsing or inquiring [here] (http://rypn.org/forums/viewforum.php?f=1&amp;sid=93a495bdf31ee19bc22c226448f4c0f2) about currently active projects. There are dozens, if not hundreds, of such projects in various stages of completion. Anything more specific on the location, even East Coast/West Coast/non-American would help immensely in narrowing it.
Actually I'm pretty sure that was the most coherant portion of his rant.
Is it really worth it if there's no chance of seeing a dude pretending his penis is the trunk of the elephant cardboard cutout he is wearing?
In 1999 I watched the date bar on the local cable company's information and advertising channel change the date. Everything changed from the day of the week to the millennium. And yes, it was as awesome as it sounds.
Anesthesiologist would have made more sense.
There's quite clearly still a can with a label on it, so 'all' is a bit of hyperbole wouldn't you say?
The Blue Line, especially north out of downtown as built, was a shitty project. They chose a lesser cost over serving places where people actually live and work and it turned a decent project that could have served Towson, York Road, Charles Village, Penn Station, and an easy connection to John Hopkins into a bad project that missed all but a few neighborhoods took a winding, slow route because they could use the old railroad right of way easier. There's little better management can do to help because it was so poorly planned in the first place. The Red Line, on the other hand, was a pretty good project, actually running through neighborhoods and a with a tunnel to speed things through downtown and would have been a worthy link in Baltimore's transportation system.
Yeah, they definitely made a documentary about that.
This seems most likely, although a majority of states, having a majority of electors, currently have laws limiting the electors to only vote for the candidate that won their state, so that could potentially be a problem. I'd suspect enough states would be find a way to free their electors through loopholes or emergency legislation to still elect someone.
You all sound like those pansies that want to give kids trophies just for participation!
Nah, I wouldn't wish Oliva Munn back on the Daily Show even if she did every segment topless. She was pretty bad.
Fairly late I think, maybe in the 180-210-ish range. He should be solid, but there are tons of pitchers these days and he's still an unknown without the breakout ace potential or huge strikeout numbers people look for in higher round picks.
Screw telling us, I want to see the pictures. Oh wait...
Well, presuming it gets completed before they die, which I'd put at about 50/50.
Are you seriously accusing Jesus of not being at Ted Cruz's side all the time already? You blasphemous motherfucker!
But other than that 4,000 feet they're basically the same elevation, right?
Arab zombies no less. That's a win-win-win.
But how will reinforce my belief that the sky is falling and we're all DOOMED if I believe your non arbitrary logic?
Urban Hell? More like Urban Heaven. You just can't find good places to watch pornography in a public setting anymore.
I'd shoot myself three times for having committed the sin of associating with Olly, even if only incidentally.
Pass. I prefer my steaks in an arcade setting. Preferably while chugging single-serving bottles of wine.
The Good: The CGI look pretty darn good, though I was mildly disappointed the Druid Keep looks nothing like I pictured it from my childhood. The bad: The acting is pretty mediocre (other than John Rhys-Davies), though part of that may be the at times atrocious dialogue. The WTF: Apparently everyone teleports everywhere. No one will mistake it for an Emmy contender, but it's no more cheesy than the superhero shows on the CW or the low-budget stuff on SyFy. The book isn't exactly a masterpiece either, though I certainly read the cover off it, literally, when I was in middle school twenty-plus years ago. Definitely targeted at the young adult audience, which was expected, but there was enough to keep me tuning in as a guilty pleasure for at least a few more episodes.
I was terrified of the Wizard of Oz and Miracle on 34th Street as a child so I'm basically suing everyone who has ever written or been associated with a work of fiction I've read and/or watched. Gene Wilder is first up for Charlie and the Chocolate Factory.
&gt;I'm not sure I understand what was so bad about this. It doesn't seem to teach anything, it's sole purpose seeming to be to go 'LOL you suck at math' by covering up the problem before you could solve it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NpOj2BwimrM
Rivers don't work that way they flow downhill, not across across continents. We could build a be a canal instead, which would probably be possible, albeit ludicrously expensive, requiring extensive dredging of rivers and a series of dams and lakes. If we could make the sea flow from one part of the ocean to another it would still be fairly useless being salt water unusable for crops or drinking without filtration. It's mostly a moot point as you're overestimating the effect a river has on the environment, there are already actually several fairly substantial rivers in the Middle East already as well as parts that already don't look like movie sand-dune deserts instead having milder climates (relatively speaking) and even places historically capable of growing forests (if they weren't cut down to gain their valuable wood at the first opportunity). There are substantial geographic and climatological factors behind why and where deserts occur that can't be changed and short of flooding the entire Middle East, you could do little more than add a bit of irrigated land.
This is a subreddit frequented by the same people screaming bloody murder anytime a man is accused of rape or sexual assault with dubious proof. However, they're perfectly willing to overlook all that when it comes to the Clintons.
But then who will be Denard Span's injury replacement?
Pop Pop.
At /r/nongolfers we call that justice.
By lowering price they feel they can increase demand. To use a very crude example (and not McDonald's specific), if they can now sell, say, four times the number of items at half old margin they've doubled their profits. I'm sure it's a bit more complicated in this instance, as they've likely lowered the cost they're paying for the ingredients and are counting on the $5 sales taking the place of the two or three of the very low margin Dollar Menu sales many customers would otherwise make.
TIL: Powerwashing porn is a thing.
Are we sure this isn't Ken M?
Fuck that, buy us all yachts.
Presumably a majority of the north likes teens and the majority of the south likes mature porn leaving 2nd place anal in both regions to be the overall champion.
I wouldn't worry OP, it's far too late for that now.
This is my new favorite picture ever.
I doubt they want to shut it down, if that were the case they'd just sell it or spin it off as an independent company. You know what stockholder like more than a hefty stock price? A huge one time dividend that presumably also makes the core company and stock price stronger (which it would if the DVD segment was so under-performing they wanted to jettison it completely). It seems more likely they have some market research that says a certain segment of people won't pay for two subscription services with the same name that offer very similar products, so they're re-branding one.
Somebody send me 200 pizzas stat or I'm gonna die. PM for address.
k
More like a good 'ol fashion nudibranch circlejerk! DAE love nudibranches?
House was really obsessed with people lying so it's easy to understand the confusion.
Keep Marte. Blackmon seems 50/50 to be headed away from Coor's Field after the signing of Parra. If he does he gets a huge downgrade in production (he's hit like .240 away from Coor's).
&gt;So guess what nearly half the co-students I polled said their password was (nevermind that they actually answered)... B00BI3$?
I don't know what I expected..
This *is* the Library of Congress map, reposted from Wikipedia. If you got here from the Bestof link, that refers to a different poster's map posted here a few weeks before, they only realized how rare it was after seeing this post.
Yeap nothing like dreaming about your retirement to a run-down house you share with three roommates in a low-end neighborhood. Also you might be able to do it in your invincible twenties. In your sixties when you're dropping a couple hundred a month on medicine to keep yourself alive before your Medicare deductible kicks in, not so much.
Now you've ruined Iran as a menace to me, I can heretofore only picture them as the kids in the car from super troopers.
So you're saying as long as it's not being performed on top of a clock, it's game on?
SRD does love their foreskins.
Voldemort?
You turned 13 today? Happy birthday! Somebody get this kid some birthday gold since he won't be able to get a credit card for five more years to buy it himself.
Certainly, but it wasn't even remotely realistic. Actually, forget remotely realistic, it was a downright ludicrous proposal. It would be a daunting task even for modern civil engineers with modern surveying and construction methods to reroute the Upper Nile to the Red Sea and it would still be an epic generation spanning project. Since the Nile sits [quite a bit lower in elevation] (http://previews.123rf.com/images/mschmeling/mschmeling1110/mschmeling111000094/10756524-Egypt-Shaded-relief-map-with-major-urban-areas-Surrounding-territory-greyed-out-Colored-artificially-Stock-Photo.jpg) than surrounding areas, it would require a several hundred foot deep channel for about a hundred and fifty miles. edit: fixed link
Look like you belong. It's right there in the other top lifetips bro.
Wait, but it had negative credibility to start with (seriously, spring for a .com address). Does that mean multiply it's original negative credibility times the negative credibility from this statement, that it actually *gained* credability?
Has informationclearinghouse.info ever lied to us before? Surely we can trust them.
I would lick any part of that.
He looks like he was ready for Junior ROTC immediately after picture time.
You would have heard about it from the 8 million redditors (myself included) repeating the theme song lyrics in the comments of every thread on the site.
There are also substantial fixed transportation costs. Pipelines and oil tankers don't get cheaper and while they may save a little on the fuel or energy need to transport oil, it's not enough to substantially change operating costs. Also even if there were no external influencing factors, increased demand from consumers spurned by the lower price would insure you would be paying more than the expected discounted price.
&gt;~~cuddle~~ fuck room. FTFY
Well I guess it's actually more likely Justin Upton's own ancestor probably owned his other ancestors. The Sally Hemmings thing and all.
I'd do it even though I have little faith in him producing if he's traded away from Coors.
Some women are hypersensitive to the point it's actually painful.
I'd likely rate him a bit higher than 45th. Good speed and enough on-base skills to use it. He also showed more power in the minors that didn't make an appearance in the majors last year, and is still young enough to add more.
On the plus side, now we'll be able to relive the constant 'Voyager has left the Solar System' articles in our old age.
Snow will be cleared as it falls and will be cleared well before Sunday morning (assuming it does indeed stop Saturday evening as currently forecast) but there will still likely be delays for blowing snow or ice or delays from planes getting held up elsewhere. The airlines seem to be advising people to reschedule travel through Sunday. I'd probably expect to land but with the possibility of serious delays, in my entirely non-expert opinion since you didn't get anyone else answering.
&gt; Am i missing something here? Yes, you're missing that Britain and the United States are build completely different and have different climates. It would take days to walk a typical suburban American neighborhood full of dead end cul-du-sacs and winding roads, if you could even walk it in the first place because 90% of them are built without sidewalks and safe street crossings. We also happen to have actual winters in a significant portion of the country, no one is walking to deliver mail when it's below freezing with ice covering everything.
Where else would he go? It's not like he can evolve into a higher lifeform.
[Citation.] (https://www.reddit.com/r/OutOfTheLoop/comments/41z750/why_has_ratheism_lost_10k_subscribers_in_a_couple/cz6eiu5)
Clinton is still leading nationally by a significant margin, ~51% to ~38%. Iowa is within the margin of error and New Hampshire will see an easy (and not unexpected) Sanders victory. After that the schedule tilts heavily in Clinton's favor with several large southern states she's easily leading in. Polling averages have proven in recent elections to be the best source. [Real Clear Politics maintains one that's decent.] (http://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/2016/president/us/2016_democratic_presidential_nomination-3824.html). [Fivethirtyeight](http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/election-2016/primary-forecast/iowa-democratic/) is another respected source and basically popularized the polling average concept.
It's four T's. He probably didn't think it would turn out that way.
Except there are no highly evolved cold viruses.
http://encyclopaedia-wot.org/ Click on the individual books and they'll be a similar, though not quite as detailed, chart at the bottom.
Probulator's finished. Oh wait, it hasn't started yet.
I'll have you know my egos are much, much bigger than tangerines. They're like fucking planets.
They can use that information to convince a different customer service rep to give them better information and eventually after several tries they appear likely to have gotten the last four digits of his credit card.
He does however own the Denver Broncos.
Rule #34: When is the low-budget porn version of the whole affair coming out and what will it be titled?
It's irrelevant in this case because his opponent was literally also a popular politician from a state right next door.
I spent quite a bit of time trying to figure out what Don Johnson had to do with it. edit: Some of those reviews are quite, ah, unique. Who buys a 12" dildo-fist for their roommate? "Would've given it a five star but the wife is creeped out by it" Really, you're surprised your wife was creeped out by the ginormous PVC female pornstar's hand you bought for her? Apparently it's also heavier than a real hand, thus rendering it useless for some reason.
Lol, Clinton isn't dropping out period. Even if she gets absolutely cuh-rushed on Super Tuesday (she won't), she'll come away with enough proportional delegates and superdelegates to carry a fight to the convention.
So we all TILed.
I found the cause of global warming. It was these three locomotives.
Neither are British though.
I'm sure that'll really sting 8 years ago. At least you were classy about it though.
They certainly can, unfortunately you have to sell you soul to get the job, tow the company line at literally all times, and have no mercy on your underlings.
Eh, it's not like it has a 50 foot tall Arch or Playland complete with Ronald McDonald on Bench statue right out front. It blends in fairly well.
That's why I never look at the back of the drivers license. No guilt that way.
You haven't check out the size of a superyacht lately. Anything under the size of a naval destroyer now qualifies as a dinghy I believe.
I'll take 'none of that every happened to you' for a million dollars.
If there's one person I trust to determine whether the Earth is flat or not it's a E-list celebrity I once watched smoke crack and masturbate on Livestream.
It might even be bigger, there's really no way to tell.
\0. Clayton Kershaw
