Really over cooked spaghetti. Not even the decency to be al dente.
Wearing clothes backwards. *shakes head apologetically*
When I'm physically tired I fall sleep so quickly. I do exercise in the morning. Stay up and active until my body tells me I'm tired. Have a long warm shower, snuggle under the duvet, reddit for a bit, then I'm out!
Did you know, looking up on a surfer on a board, as a shark would see you, a surfer looks pretty similar to a seal, or a turtle. Edit [see] (http://adventure.howstuffworks.com/shark-attack.htm) So, if it's any consolation, them eating you would probably be a misunderstanding.
The fact that I live on the other side of the world from where I was born, but can be back there in less than a day, have friends and travel all over the world, and at the push of a button have a free video call with anyone in the world that has a connection. We are so amazingly connected, it's mind blowing.
Reddit is addictive.
I don't even know what Comcast is.
I live in Vietnam. Have western sized feet. My shoes are imported. 3.5 million dong on average. But they're good shoes. Anything cheaper is generally terrible for your feet. ( when I lived in Canada too ) Shoes are an investment in your feets happiness!
All this talk of smells of your SO. Ugh. I'm single. Vanilla.
I seise to exist.
Such a fantastic author.
Is this really a thing? I had know idea! Next time I go to the theatre I'll have my eyes on you. :-)
I think having an Asian fetish is ridiculous, and not appropriate, but I have a height thing. I prefer tall men. Mines not so extreme though. I know men who WILL NOT consider non Asian women, and it infuriorates me. But I might infuriorate short men. Edit an s
Despite their craziness?
Use public transport. Have quick showers, not big long ones. ^^I'm ^^terrible ^^at ^^this ^^one. Use biodegradable cleaning products. Buy local produce/ shop at markets. Turn off lights when you leave a room. Limit meat intake.^^but...bacon. Tap water drinkers, keep a jug in the fridge. Don't run it to get it cold.
I'm going to open a pancake cafe ( flour, milk, eggs, baking soda) specializing in fancy pancake art, by using a squeezable bottle to make shapes while pouring it. As the chef, I won't use the topping, but syrup, fruit, and jams will be available at your table, if reddit allows.
We don't need no water let the mother fucker burn. Burn, mother fucker, burn.
Or along a similar vein... I'd like to teach the world to sing...
Don't hump people's legs.
Good makeup. Mascara in particular. Jesus H Christ, it cannot cost that much to make.
I had a motorcycle with that name once.
I'm not usually attracted to people I can't have a conversation with, so, yeah, in my case it's usually just them not being 'into me like in any way.' ^^good ^^times.
I know. I'm in the middle of trying to figure out why I don't think I deserve to be happy. Avoiding the hurt taking risks *might* bring, but...ensuring hurt anyways. Thanks brain.
Is the 'hey' an expression of interest? Because if it is, you lost me there. :-p
I'd open this restaurant!
Hey sexy.
Sorry, man.
Yep, agreed. Not easy to do, but... I am actually working on this.
Thanks!
I most likely live on the very opposite side of the world as you.
Thanks. It's funny ( but not really, at all) that I literally have to practice telling myself this... You deserve to be happy. One day, I'll believe it, I swear.
They'd be better with vanilla extract and sugar for sure, and I wasn't counting the oil. But they'd still be very good, IMO. If you don't want my pancakes, don't come!
That's not how this works! lol. Ok, I'll indulge you... Where are you? Is it nice? Sell it to me! I see you are ten minutes to downtown. What town?
I feel deceived! Do you live in the middle of nowhere?
Lies! He sent no number!
Indeed.
Maybe if you pretend to not be attracted to me, and I pretend to not be attracted to you... It will work out somehow. Well get past the sabotaging ourselves stage, with the relationship intact!
So I guess the last point doesn't apply to you!
Can't you just tell me what to do about it?
So you can judge me based on my appearance? I'm not bad looking. And I am a really good person.
Unfortunately, yeah, it's totally apt.
A restaurant is what it would be! You're right though, if the toppings aren't allowed on top of my four ingredients, I'd skip the baking soda, and replace it with Nutella.
Ok then.
Indeed!
So far, I am not sold.
I don't fit nicely into any of those boxes, and I have no childhood abuse or traumas or anything that would warrant them. Mainly, I think it's just due to me unconsciously not thinking I'm good enough for some reason. I have lots of friends, I am a good person, people like me. I don't know why I do it. Anyways, thanks for the insight. It's interesting.
Highly Overrated.
Lol. Ha. If you send it, I totally won't call.
;-)
Water polo. Get naked in the pool, yo. Fit men treading water naked? Yes please!
Sounds delicious.
Indifference is soooo hot! Lol.
And happy cake day to you too, when the time comes!
It will happen. It will. Just don't stop going out and meeting people, and putting yourself out there. Be you, and be happy, and you will attract the right people, and plenty of potential partners. It will be ok.
I just had a dinner party, and I made a roast leg of lamb, roast veg, and chocolate brownies. Looking around a room full of other people happy, and laughing together and full of my food makes me so happy. Smiles every time! Edit: Lots of other little things too... Children's giggles Sunsets Thunder and lightning A freshly washed floor A glass of red wine Manicures and pedicures Someone else doing my ironing A cup of coffee Feeling pretty A perfect hit in tennis, when the thwack sound is just right Freshly washed sheets Bubble baths A good book.
Happy Birthday
Life is for living.
My hometown in British Columbia is famous for hunting. The biggest mountain goat that was ever hunted in the world that was recorded was in the mountains outside my town.
I saw Jude Law once while walking in Primrose Hill. He is such a beautiful man. Naturally, I looked down when I walked by! :-/
Take quick picture and go back inside.
She lied to me and betrayed me about having feelings for the guy I also had feelings for. Feigning support while pursuing him behind my back.
Don't lie. A truth that hurts is still better than a lie that's found out. (And ultimately less hurtful).
I teach Year 1. Do not baby your children and think you are helping them by solving all their problems for them (social and otherwise), carrying their things and tying their shoes, etc. They WILL go out into the big world and they will not be ready if you have not taught them some sense of responsibility. It can (and should) be taught early! Before they come to my class! It makes my job so much easier if they have at least had some sort of experience with this.
Right? Almost intimidatingly so! :-) swoon!
When I smile, one side of my mouth goes further up than the other and that eye squints more than the other. Basically... My face is more asymmetrical than most, and I will never meet the typical requirements for beautiful. Luckily, I am atypically beautiful anyways. Kinda. Maybe.
Hugs to you. It wasn't your fault.
Right? I'm not a lesbian, but even if I was, I'd still fuck Jude Law. Everyone would fuck Jude Law, basically.
Can confirm. Wouldn't say no.
Will do!
Jealous!
Boil and bake. Yep. They're delicious. I am trying to post pics! We'll see if my wifi comes through for me, or not.
Not this time. But I have delicious crushed black peppercorn soft cheese ready for spreading!
I will never be without bagels again! So excited. ( they are hard to get where I live).
Great idea! My next ones will be cheesy!
Now I know I can make them... I will never be without!
Yes!
Chocolate chips and blueberries!
Terrible. Yeah, petite women are easier to overpower!
Live the dream ~~brother~~ sister! ;-)
They are delicious!
Agreed!
Overwhelming Lust. It's a thing.
It's been so long I honestly don't even remember. Maybe... Horray, sex!! Usually, for solo stuff, I don't think. Just focus on the feeling. Sexual meditation!
YouTube my favorite songs. But, getting bored of reddit doesn't ever last long.
A day without coffee is a grumpy day. Same goes for a day without Internet.
Smile at themselves in the mirror.
You cannot answer the question without making swooping generalizations. However, I know a lot of men that are in denial about just how much their penis rules their decision making. I am not fooled.
A resume is for work, so anything nsfw, by definition, should probably be kept quiet! Please mark most appropriate box... [ ] 1 [ ] 2 [ ] 3 [ ] 4 [ ] 5 [x] fist I guess it depends on what kind of career you want.
Never! Really!
I keep some in the freezer and they act as pretty good ice cubes in Baileys. You're welcome.
Don't regret. I'm not always successful, but it's a good aim. What does regretting do for you? Nothing! Be nice to yourself, and learn from your mistakes. That's what life is.
Same same ^^You're ^^totally ^^right ^^but ^^I'm ^^not ^^taking ^^it ^^back.
But pretending is sooooo exhausting!
I have done something similar in my class before. Not porn ~~( thank fuck)~~ (thank *no* fuck) but an image with swearing in the caption. oops.
Except she looks 10
* ~~a few months later~~ every day since
Me too. I can do it from time to time. But... Holy fuck. I'm tired after.
My class are 7 year old ESL learners. 'Ms Whoneedsyou, what does fuck mean?' Is not a question I want to answer.
Fair enough! Context matters! :-)
Does he think my labia are too big? ^^not ^^even ^^joking
Return money minus a hundred grand finders fee.
I'm tired just thinking about it!
Not in English. Can't load a song, can't load an image, can't go on youtube, reddit is so slow, everything is just slow.
True. Damn my brain though. :-)
Awww, that's so sweet. Since you already told me you will tell me I'm beautiful, I guess sending the picture is redundant.
i will check this out. but not at work!
I live in Vietnam.
Hey
You're carrying a wasted girl, and a bag of fertilizer. You don't look like your average horti fuckin culturist.
Asking the important questions.
I don't wipe when I'm peeing. I just drip dry. Toilet paper lasts forever at my house.
Very very dumb. There would be a lot of drinking, prostitutes, pro wrestling, and heavy metal. And a major crowd control issues in travel agents and airports for people wanting one way tickets out. The man is such a dickhead.
Higher self worth
All of my internal organs.
Shit. So smelly.
~~Sit ups~~ Crunches or planks. Let's fill the world with hot abs! Edit. Apparently saying sit ups wasn't ok.
Crosswords and stuff. Jk. Retired. Used to be a regional manager of water and land pollution prevention for my provinces government. My Dad is amazing. I love him so so much for all the things he did for me, and continues to do for me, for all his support, unconditional love, and cuddles. I'm a daddy's girl for life.
Stepping on an upturned UK plug. Fuckity fuck.
I bought a house.
Try doing 50 or 100. Edit... And... Less bagels?
Fine. Replace with the plank for 5 sets of 30sec. True. If everyone did the ab workout, fit abs would increase world wide. :-P ( and more if good diets are also maintained)
Correct
Planks it is.
I, too, love bagels. I recently learned how to make them. Everything in moderation.
Join clubs. Lots of clubs.
A mobile phone, and computer speakers.
Shitty Movie 5
It's absolutely terrible. Feels like you might die. For me... It manifests this way... Increased heart rate, hot flashes, throat closing/ tightness around throat, gag on your breath. I sometimes vomit, or have diarrhea, or cry, or all 3. They are so terrible because the symptoms can overlap with other things, and then I panic about panicking, because I had a panic attack symptom, even if up until that point I was not actually having a panic attack. Well... I am now. Good times ( not so much). I am pretty good these days at breathing my way out of them before they escalate. But before I figured that out... Fuck, they sucked so much.
Really, really tired of being alone.
Was the power he was supplying... electrifying?
I'm tall. I saw it.
Ridiculously pretty.
I'd like to say a big 'fuck off' to continued sadness and worry about things I cannot change!
Did you see last week tonight's bit on that. Too true. Edit: [link] (http://www.avclub.com/article/no-sir-john-oliver-doesnt-confederate-flag-221169)
Wine. A bubble bath. Chocolate. Sex. Meditation. All.
Olives. Salty Nastiness.
He said Yes!
That was burnaby!
I think it looks beautiful!
Canadian here too! I didn't know that though!
Beautiful, isn't it?
I didnt sit because ... Cold bum... But, I ran my finger along one of the slats. it was quite pleasing. :-)
Blowing bubbles.
Well, fuck.
Toilet paper. Meh. I go without easily if I have the little hosey thing. ( I live in Asia) Their mobile phones. That shit would drive people insane.
It drives me crazy when my students use the excuse " well, so and so did it too. " This goes for more than just my classroom... If everyone worried less about others, and more about making the right choices for themselves, the world would be a much happier, safer, and better place. Edit the second o in too. Doh
Just wait.
Reading this, I'd first like to say...I love how different everyone is. How boring would it be if we all were the same. Having said that... Immersing yourselves in a virtual world is something that just doesn't interest me at all! Actually, gaming in general. Doesn't do it for me. (Don't hate me, Reddit! I completely support your desire to do so, I just have no desire myself!) Especially games and apps you pay for. That's a crazy waste to me!
http://imgur.com/VSHwg1O http://imgur.com/0dpNtsb
It's just my normal brownie recipe, with a special silicone shot glass baking tray. I'll link ya.
http://www.kitchenstuffplus.com/wilton-silicone-shot-glass-pan-green Not the exact one I used. But similar. So many yummy fun possibilities!
I froze before removing, that ensured they didn't break. I didn't seal the inside of the glass so my baileys seeped out. Still VERY delicious! But, you could coat the inside of glasses with pure melted chocolate to contain the baileys better. That's what I'll do next time!
Edit(Born in) The year of 'my Sharona'
If only one thing..do this...Practice gratitude. This ones free! And immensely helpful. Our life, our happiness, is what WE make it to be. These also help... Seeing a life coach. A fresh perspective and guidance from an outsider can be invaluable. Traveling. Be selfish. Doing things to help make more meaning... Change jobs, move house, buy stuff, sell stuff, start relationships, end relationships. Keep in your life the stuff that's giving you pleasure and happiness, and remove those things that aren't. Life's too short to not be happy.
You're the most genuine person I know.
Today on a test in English for year 1, the children had to write a sentence using a naming word, and an adjective. The rabbit is soft. (example) One boy wrote, 'The pen is.... And he couldn't come up with an adjective, so he just left it. And there was no space between 'pen' and 'is' so his answer looked like.... The penis. It made me laugh! Also made me laugh.... My Dad is fat.
Mindfulness meditation.
An idiot
Coffee break? Chocolate break?
Model body, confidence of potato.
Yes!
I had baked potatoes with bacon bits chives and sour cream not long ago actually!! Yum.
I do fake it. Hard work though.
Handwriting.
Do it!
Somethings can't be defined.
Any account or witness of neglect (of pets or children).
Best Physical: I have legs for days Character: I'm kind Worst Physical: I'm going grey Character: I'm super serious
Trim/shave your pubes. Even if there's no intention to go there, knowing you're looking good down there is a confidence boost!
They were probably pretty smelly, by today's standards.
Nature vs nurture? There are endless factors that may contribute! Like- every event that's happened to me from my birth to the present moment, as well as biological factors that were determined before my birth! It's incomprehensible, what's made me me!
I was an awkward loner early teen. I just never got over it.
What constitutes a good nose!?
Posture. Just how they carry themselves. (Confidence)
Greek yogurt with honey, granola, nuts and berries. Chicken Caesar. Hold the anchovies.
😋
I'm a teacher and I was taking my class swimming as a field trip. The girls changed with me. I wasn't paying any attention, just changing. But these six year olds are naturally curious. They looked. Saw my boobies. One of them said ' ms ___, you have very cute boobies!' Another replied, your boobies are cuter than my mom's boobies.' Children have no filters.
LEGO
Mainly, it's just self discipline!! I give myself breaks after finishing a task, or putting in a certain amount of time. I also earn chocolate. And beer/wine after work. But, self discipline really! You gotta think of what might motivate you, but sticking to it just depends on you!
I used to be on the swim team when I was young. That smell is so nostalgic to me. It smells like my childhood!
Windex
I was just looking for my own happiness.
Both parents had mild anxiety issues. Me- double dose!!
I get tired long before I'm pissed. Usually. Then I just sleep. Then there's those times when I keep drinking and black out.
Ass?
Fresh pulpy pink lemonade on ice. Or grapefruit pop. Though I've not seen the latter in years!!
Capital Oslo. Cool iceberg opera house. Lots of beautiful lakes and cottages. Long cold winters. An Olympic ski jump. Really expensive booze.
Wow. I'm a girl and this is news too me. I shape my eyebrows on occasion, threading a couple times a year, and then plucking to maintain. But never have I ever felt I'm having a bad brow day!
Corn fed cattle
He's a lazy fuck. And the rest of us have to pick up his slack.
No one said boobs yet? I'm shocked!! For me... Saturday morning sleep ins. ...and playing with my very own boobs.
America. K naan. Some English. It's super catchy!!
Walk into a pole after checking someone out.
Bacon and eggs.
Great food, lots of crime, Tijuana, donkeys painted like zebras, Baja peninsula, tequila
It's hot. Damn hot. Real hot. Hottest thing is my shorts. I could cook things in it.
People that talk but don't act. If you say you're going to do something, but never follow through, you won't last. I'm kinda sensitive. That constitutes lying to me. I don't have time for that! I'd rather have few friends than have friends that disappoint me all the time. Deceiving. Lying. Betrayal.
I think what s/he's trying to say is ... It's been so long s/he doesn't know. Source: I also don't remember.
Riding.
co dependency. I like me time. Always will. I don't want you to do everything I do. I don't want to do everything you do. I want someone who is himself, and let's me be myself. And we just be ourselves together.
