I ain't got nobody, and nobody cares for me.
Young pups TIL...Damn I turn 42 tomorrow.
40 year old virgin when the drunk woman he picks up at the bachelorette party starts driving and hits everything then t-bones the parked car and says "Fucker Came Out Of Nowhere!" And a lot of scenes in Kingpin...One of my all time favorite comedies.
This guy is a credit card hackers wet dream.
Speaking of Robin William movies. The Fisher King has some really sad parts.
Thanks TransvestiteCurves
You taught me a valuable lesson. I will now always use the bathroom before getting on an elevator.
Meant for people that are less fortunate, but only has an HDMI hookup 😒
That dog is defective. They can still take it back, because it still has the price tag on its neck.
"What officer? Guy can't join hair club for men? Is there a law against that now?" "Sorry sir, I am just going to give you a warning this time." "Damn right you are"
Take your damn upvote!
Scheuer wasn’t killed and didn’t wind up with paralysis or brain damage, thus limiting the potential damages. “The facts are good for GM in that one,’’ said Bob Langdon, a lawyer in Kansas City, Missouri, who represents dozens of plaintiffs suing GM alleging injuries or deaths caused by ignition defects. “It’s not a big injury.’’ It just takes two small paragraphs to prove, once again, that lawyers are the fucking scum of the earth.
There us no telling how much more shit he lied about. The amount if people he said he killed sounds ridiculous as well.
You get an upvote for using the, almost extinct word, Kerfuffle.
It is a perfect example of how everyone could pitch in to make everyone rich, but we are too selfish
Yes it wood. Wood you buy one? I know I wood.
Daniel Day Lewis says I GOT 3 BITCHES! SUCK IT! https://youtu.be/q9drV2hHVp4
Nike has been doing it for decades.
Because of a valued resource....Oil. Iran also has one of the largest oil refineries in the middle east. North Korea has nothing we care about.
I love mine. Now that I have it, I could never see myself without one.
Vachina!
Gitmo, Larry, and Curly...Fuck Shimp.
I think it is funny that there is an article just a little above this one talking about how a barrel of oil is the cheapest it has been since 1993
Saudi controls Apec. Look at it this way. If you were selling bags of peanuts and you had 50 bags to sell, but I had a booth across from you and had 2000 bags to sell I could adjust my price way below yours so that you would never be able to sell yours....In other words, I dictate the market. The same way SA does with Apec prices Edit: As another Redditor pointed out it is OPEC, not APEC. I typed it at 5 a.m., and was not really thinking clearly.
That is what I meant. A wire is loose in my head. I typed it around 5 a.m. this morning, so i was really not thinking clearly.
You are very wrong. http://m.smh.com.au/business/energy/saudi-defends-countrys-strategy-to-abandon-opec-production-targets-20151207-glhl3p.html Just a couple of grabs from the article The market remains concerned that Saudi Arabia and the other OPEC members will accept a lower crude price to defend their market share...(The peanuts I was talking about) And this was said about SA not wanting a cap. The move makes a lot of sense because if you are trying to capture market share, and you are the lowest-cost producer, why would you put a ceiling on your production?" said Sadad Al-Husseini, a former executive with Saudi Arabia's state-run oil company who now acts as energy adviser to the royal family-controlled King Faisal Foundation. "And if you have newcomers who want to add capacity – that is Iran and Iraq – why would you want a ceiling? It never made any sense to me. Try to roll back production from a country like Saudi Arabia, which the whole world depends on, just doesn't make sense." The reason Opec wants a cap is because SA is producing a hell of a lot of oil, which in turn helps their country but is hurting other countries that produce oil because SA has more peanuts.
That's the morality clause. It does not imply one or the other, but it can place doubt in 12 jurors heads. The video should be admissible, as it relates to the case.
I wonder if I could trade my son to her for a knitted one....He just hit puberty.
No, make it the inside band photo, so people would think that was what the band looked like....The kicker....It's a Bluegrass album.
The cast from Fresh Off The Boat?
Tina! Eat The Fooood!
It's good to see you got out of the bio dome.
OP is wearing OP.
You can't have Party in the front and back!
Ahhhh, good girl. Now go grab a copy of Faith No More's new album.
T.V's beloved bigot.
That album was when the added a keyboardist. A whole new layer, but still freaking groovy as hell and awesome. And yes it was their album after Blast Tyrant. Beale Street To Oblivion was after RH/Exodus and was the last album with their keyboardist. When Nathan was asked in an interview why the got rid of their keyboardist he said, we didn't, he just didn't want to tour anymore. Any Clutch fan can tell you that Clutch tours a HELL OF A LOT. Crobot has been touring with them lately. I recommend you check them out. I seen them with Clutch and The Sword on my 40th Bday in Asheville, NC Legend Of The Spaceborn Killer is the song that grabbed my attention. https://youtu.be/_YJ41TS-iOo
Pig Bladder's regenerate as well. Scientists have successfully used it in early trials to regenerate muscle and fingertips for humans. http://www.iflscience.com/health-and-medicine/scientists-regenerate-leg-muscles-pig-bladder-tissue Also, Here is a video of Dr. Stephen Badylak explaining how the regenerative process works. https://youtu.be/gwR8rEcVu7c
American politics is no longer changed by what the people want but rather by corporations and lobbyists. If America tried instilling a free healthcare system Health insurance and pharmaceutical lobbyists would be all over capital hill. My city has been trying to build a rail system from our city to Atlanta, then to Nashville, then eventually to Chicago. The people want it, but as soon as it is proposed, airline lobbyists shoot it down every time. I have always said that greed is the largest opponent of progress, and with every passing decade it just becomes more prevalent in America I will let Arthur Jensen (Ned Beatty) explain it https://youtu.be/yuBe93FMiJc
People in mosque: This motherfucker is a undercover fed!
Best sense of humor? A dark sense of humor.
In short Saudi Arabia controls Opec (Organization Of Petroleum Exporting Countries) Look at it this way. If you were selling bags of peanuts and you had 50 bags to sell, but I had a booth across from you and had 2000 bags to sell I could adjust my price way below yours so that you would never be able to sell yours....In other words, I dictate the market. The same way SA does with Opec prices. Opec wants to put a cap on oil production, but Saudi Arabia does not want to adhere to it, because they are making a lot of money from producing a lot of oil. Here is an article explaining that. http://m.smh.com.au/business/energy/saudi-defends-countrys-strategy-to-abandon-opec-production-targets-20151207-glhl3p.html Just a couple of grabs from the article The market remains concerned that Saudi Arabia and the other OPEC members will accept a lower crude price to defend their market share...(The peanuts I was talking about) And this was said about SA not wanting a cap. The move makes a lot of sense because if you are trying to capture market share, and you are the lowest-cost producer, why would you put a ceiling on your production?" said Sadad Al-Husseini, a former executive with Saudi Arabia's state-run oil company who now acts as energy adviser to the royal family-controlled King Faisal Foundation. "And if you have newcomers who want to add capacity – that is Iran and Iraq – why would you want a ceiling? It never made any sense to me. Try to roll back production from a country like Saudi Arabia, which the whole world depends on, just doesn't make sense." The reason Opec wants a cap is because SA is producing a hell of a lot of oil, which in turn helps their country but is hurting other countries that produce oil because SA has more peanuts.
She was hoping a firefighter would give her the hose.
I think The Dude would even be kind of sad.
"That is why on the occasion of this 10th anniversary of Passion, a film about an innocent man’s willingness to forgive the greatest injustice, I propose to Hollywood that it’s time to forgive Mel Gibson." Did the writer just compare Mel Gibson to Jesus... I knew I should have stopped reading after she wrote "Gibson, who essentially used his tongue as a lethal weapon." /Places Hand Over Closed Eyes And Moves Head Side To Side
I got a chuckle out of the terrible writing and metaphors.
Well, at least you won't have to worry about your dog ever doing that again.
Don't forget though, that Tony Iommi had a bought with cancer before they started recording 13.
Would you like to make some fuck.
I am the same age as this guy. http://cdn2.thr.com/sites/default/files/imagecache/675x380/2014/11/leonardo_dicaprio.jpg
No...No it does not.
David Bowies response: "You know how I know you are gay, you are Coldplay"
Florida: The land of backward laws.
Very efficient. It probably explains why they are no longer considered extinct.
The same happened to me. It did not come up in the system and the clerk was like. Oh well, toss it and don't worry about it. It happened around the holidays. It was the best present I got that year.
And here is how a clutch works. https://youtu.be/pqF-aBtTBnY
I don't care how many times this gets reposted, because it never gets old.
She seems to suffer from noassatall.
A Mario Kart/Mad Max mashup....Hell Yeah!
Fucking Lag!
They actually have the colored version on Netflix right now. I also think they still have the documentary of how the colored version came to be as well.
When I was young we had an English Sheep Dog that would climb a ladder. I use to get on the top of the house with her. My dad had to get her off the roof though.
It also is in a few states.
I started making rings about 4 months ago, and I owe it all to Reddit for inspiring me. There was a gentleman on Reddit that made coin rings and it really got me interested in the hobby. I made state quarter rings for my wife, sisters, and mother for christmas and they loved them.
Want to help me you little fucker. Like that?
If the S.S. office will send checks to a p.o. box, get one and have it sent there. That is what I would do.
Man, I love nature and how sometimes it is like "HA HA! Fuck You Humans!"
It says in the article. Did you read it?
How do I lose interest in a hobby??? The moment a fucking lawyer becomes involved.
My grandmother has Alzheimer's. My ex wife's grandfather had it as well. When her grandmother passed away he was oblivious at the funeral. He thought he was there because someone else passed away and just kept asking where his wife is. Such a sad thing to see.
Oh, you mean Infernal Affairs https://youtu.be/ZSeDiGRFVUk
#DigitalLivesMatter
Oh.......This is actually a real sport.
Betrayal only leads to more betrayal.
Sometimes it is better for one to gravitate their ass to a boat and get the fuck out of there .
Watch the movie Wrist Cutter's. One of the main characters is a Russian named Eugene, he is a musician, and every song he performs is a Gogol Bordello song.
That's Awesome! It is a great freaking movie. The day before I seen the movie I was watching a concert on PBS. The concert had random musicians playing together and one of them was Tom Waits, my wife had never heard of him (mind boggled) I let her listen to some songs off of Rain Dogs, and she loved him. I told her it has been a while since I have listened to him, so we listened to him a little that day. The very next day we rented Wrist Cutters and , Boom, there he was. We didn't even know Tom Waits was in it. It seemed so weird to me that I just started listening to his music again the day before, and then there he was in a movie I rented. He is in one of my favorite parts of the movie as well. It's the part where he is trying to get his dog back from Will Arnett's character. He starts saying Treat Treat Then the dog growls at him and Will Arnett's character says The dog has spoken. The way they both deliver their lines crack me up in that scene. If by chance you have never listened to Tom Waits, check him out. He is awesome. https://youtu.be/1wfamPW3Eaw
I gave up trying to read the hand writing.
Jimmy Buffetism - I've done a bit of smuggling, yes I've ran my share of grass, I've made enough money to buy Miami but I pissed it away so fast..It's never meant to last.
Grave Of The Fireflies.
I hope she whipped the hell out of you, and took away your Bazooka Joe bubblegum.
Looks like the truck from The Last Of Us that Joel and Ellie got from Bill.
You need a license to drive a car, hell you even need a license to catch fish, but any asshole can be a parent. - Parenthood
Who was the guy? Higgins?
Yeah, and......
Can you ever over water them?
At least they don't have to ride on the handlebars.
Same hear! Edit: Dammit!
36" Bolt Cutters. The thieves key for padlocks.
He's On Fire! Boom Shaka Laka!
I think the ribbon is the tongue and the plate is hissing sssssnek.
This is what more cities need. Positive enforcement will always bring positive results better than just locking someone up and belittling a person that is already at the lowest of their low and then throwing them back out on the street. I commend this man. He should also go speak at schools and let kids know what service they provide and encourage the children to be more supportive of their fellow human beings.
The reason I like Reinhardt so much is because I like to go ham with him. I love killing other tanks and especially Bastion. He is an easy kill with Reinhardt.
Yeah, I wish they would have focused a little more on Medivh's (The Guardian) backstory. Also, I found it weird that Khadgar was not his assistant /pupil in the movie like he was in the lore. Out of all the characters, Medivh felt the most rushed. I liked the movie though
Well, I don't want Fop, goddamn it! I'm a Dapper Dan man!
That still wouldn't help Hyundai.
It makes me so mad to see cops do this to a Black.
I want to go there.
The girl sitting on his shoulders is turned the wrong way.
Take your point you sick bastard.
The guy looks like he may have been smoking some Sweet Leaf when he threw the bottle , maybe even been a little Paranoid. He was quoted as saying The Mob Rules! Some witnesses said he looked angry enough to Kick A Hole In The Sky when the bartender changed the music. Friends that know him said he has been going through Changes and that this is The End Of The Beginning of his antics
Step 6: Get rid of Satan's creation...Buffering
Because Networks, ratings, bullshit and loss of humanity! I hate how human kind has degraded itself!
DO NOT FORGET ON BILL CLINTON'S WATCH! This fucking disgusted me!
Exactly! I seen one at the Tampa Bay Zoo 2 weeks ago and was thinking "Damn! What a prehistoric looking bastard!"
Awesome pic! Congrats grad! May the sun always shine on your face and the winds be at your back!
Not going to lie. I see a book that I want at B&amp;N, then I pull out my phone and buy it 10 bucks cheaper off of Amazon.
It's easier to put on slippers than to carpet the world.- [Stuart Smalley](http://www.ew.com/sites/default/files/i/imgs/100518//Stuart-Saved_400.jpg)
Wrong! It should have been rainbow colored
That is not Ridge Racer, Ridge Racer never dipped into rally racing. Sounds like Gran Turismo 2. Most rally tracks in GT2 were uphill.
Ehhhhh. All the author had to say was TL;DR greedy woman went back to hell. No sense into going Brother's Grimm on us.
F'ing console players! This shit has been discussed over and over and over and over in all Blizzard games... So yeah, that's just how the shit goes down.
Hence the name Death Valley.
This made me think of Andrew Bagby's story and his son Zachary. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Murder_of_Zachary_Turner The story is so sad, and the documentary Dear Zachary is even sadder. If you watch the documentary, have a box of tissues close by, because it will rip your heart out and bring out the feels.
https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/jun/17/rio-de-janeiro-financial-emergency-olympic-games-2016
Cousins.
You guys are so cheesy.
Why don't they just slaughter them, feed them to the other cows and start a new kind of milk..Mad Cow Milk
Man, at my house we go through a gallon of milk in two days. I don't even look at the expiration date anymore.
When it is mimicking the mustang at the 54 second mark, the back driver side wheel looks really weird bending in.
I have the same ones.
Stay between the mustard and mayonnaise.
My wife is from California and I am from Tennessee. When she moved here and seen me open a door for an elderly woman going into a store and I started talking to her and asking her how her day was my wife looked at me like WTF. I told her that in the south, that is just a thing southerners do, that's how we roll, especially for the elderly. We are taught from a very early age to respect the elderly. I told my wife some the most interesting conversations I have had was with older people that I did not even know, just did something for them like carrying their groceries to their car or opening a door for them and started a conversation. About a month after we had been married she came home and said. "People are so nice here, it is so much different than the cold shoulder people give you in Cali. Everyone seems more laid back and in less of a hurry."
I work third shift and about a month ago I went to bed after a hard night of work. About two hours later I was abruptly woken up by a wasper repeatedly stinging my big toe on my left foot. It made me think that no matter the crazy shit that happens in your life, and when you think nothing crazier can happen, you get woke up by a wasper stinging your big toe.
WAHOO! I have a New Year buddy!...Sorry that I got drunk without you last night buddy.
During a 2001 clash with the Cowboys, Hopoate, in an attempt to unsettle several of his opponents, inserted his finger in three players' anuses....It, however, had the reverse affect.
The ole Edgar Alan Poe Hook.
I use my phone for my Roku.
Debo just got knocked the fuck out on his beach cruiser
Sa Da Tay!
Would have been better if the Benny Hill theme song was playing.
Awesome. But it looks like you are running at 15fps
I actually got real damn good at that game.
NBC needs to bring back Gold Case.
DANGER ZONE!
Stares Uh...Things you walk up Nope, the other one Daaaaamn!
https://youtu.be/hcsfrOGOP6o
It would have been awesome if they could have gotten Sweet Dee for the part.
Sometimes that shark, he looks right into ya, right into your eyes. Y’know, the thing about a shark, he’s got lifeless eyes, black eyes, like a doll’s eyes. When he comes after ya, he doesn’t seem to be livin’ until he bites ya, and those black eyes roll over white, and then you hear that terrible high-pitch screamin’, the ocean turns red, and in spite of all the poundin’ and the hollerin’, they all come in and rip ya inflatable boat to pieces…
This is a little off topic but I don't get this. Decapitations, stabbings, people being burned alive. It all just becomes to be more of a regular everyday thing because it is in shows and the news more regularly. But see a guy bopping a woman then a panic attack ensues. Something that humans Have To Do is demonized while death and violence is glorified. I mean I get the shock value of seeing something you were never told about as a kid. I just think it is weird that a t.v. show can show someone getting their head cut off or their head getting beat with a ball bat, but show a little nip from a woman and all hell breaks loose. Why is sex so taboo, but murder is more forefront? Could this be why humans are much more violent on a global scale? Are we that desensitized as a culture?.....backward ethics at play.
Ah, the good old metal slide. Also, metal monkey bars with a cement foundation....WCGW??
Doctors will be as well http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/ibms-watson-cracks-medical-mystery-life-saving-diagnosis-patient-who-baffled-doctors-1574963 Also, surgeons http://www.cnn.com/2016/05/12/health/robot-surgeon-bowel-operation/
Have you ever heard of a man named Rudy Kurniawan? He auctioned cheap wine that he would transfer into replica labeled bottles of expensive wines and made millions. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rudy_Kurniawan
You will now be paired up with Margaret. https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/7f/08/77/7f0877a69c816b07dcc30073443a4cd8.jpg
Going against Roadhogs ult is the best way to get her achieve for damage absorbed.
Or the good ole Mei/D. Va ult
That really pissed me off about him. I automatically thought about what George Melies was told when he became obsessed with making movies and truly seen the artistry of them. "Oh George, movies will never be art. " When I beat The Last Of Us, I thought about what Ebert said and remember thinking...This game would have changed his mind.
Damn you Donaghy
With it being a Razer product, I would price it between 6000 to 8000 dollars. Razer makes the most overpriced cheaply made shit ever!
Raleigh, NC is mostly hills, so yeah, snow and ice sucks, especially when they do not get it much. I went to a concert at the Orange Peel, in Asheville, NC back on my 40th birthday (Jan 2nd 2014...Seen Crobot, The Sword and Clutch...Awesome fucking show!) Came back out it was 20 degrees colder and snowing. They handled the snow great there (Way More Mountainous) and I only saw one car off the road. Hills/Mountains + Ice = SUCKS Give them a break, They have great weather yearly, and are looking forward to more global warming temps, with less intrusive action...GO G.O.P.!
Damn it Ricky!
I am a middle aged man WITH a chainsaw......And I fucking loves it!
Also, for some reason, people from Illinois come in by the truckloads on the weekend.
But you didn't help at all!
I say ole chap, you would not have any dog biscuits lying about would you...
If right near you mean 8 miles away, then yes, yes it is.
Child labor laws is what is destroying this country - Ron Swanson
The internet is the greatest invention in my lifetime. You literally have the world of information at your fingertips....and people are still to lazy to google....
Spam and Pineapple?
The Mako Shark is the fastest shark in the ocean From Wikipedia: The shortfin mako shark is the fastest species of shark.[9] Its speed has been recorded at 40 km/h (25 mph) with bursts of up to 74 km/h (46 mph).[20] This speed aids in leaping, with heights of approximately 9 m (30 ft) having been recorded. These characteristics have made the shortfin mako a highly sought-after game fish worldwide. Some cases of shortfin mako jumping into a boat after having been hooked have been reported.
RUUUUUUN!
FIX THIS IMMEDIATELY! IT COMPLETELY RENDERS THE GAME UNPLAYABLE! Yelling so the developers will hear.
I did not like Samurai Jack...Just saying....And I LOVE cartoons!
Hey jagweed, abortions are not federally funded. http://www.factcheck.org/2010/04/the-abortion-issue/ God forbid we have a social program that BENEFITS people. People that blindly follow what they are told by a politician, or a biased news agency, are the reason this country is going to hell in a handbag. Read a fucking book, question what you are told instead of fucking blindly following your Fox News Pariah's.
This piece is so beautiful, that they had to put it on paper cups. https://cdn.thisiswhyimbroke.com/images/90s-paper-cups-640x533.jpg
I like how it comes back for more.
Like a boss!
He has to be dead.
Freon burns when it contacts skin. Even for just a short time. https://youtu.be/J5TT5xBqWYM
Chicxulub is 100 miles in diameter and roughly 12 miles deep. It was created by a 6 mile wide meteorite traveling at over 40,000 mph. Scientists have said that if something was standing 500 miles away from the impact, the shockwave would have shoved their legs up into their body.
Someone died at Yellowstone recently from a hot spring. His body disintegrated rather quickly as well. Officials were unable to retrieve Colin's body on June 7, so they returned the following morning, but the body was no longer visible, according to the report. Here is the article. http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation-now/2016/11/17/report-ore-man-who-died-yellowstone-hot-spring-trying-hot-pot/94015314/
Just get, and hack, a firestick.
As a fan of Edgar Alan Poe, that wall tells me that there is a dead body hidden behind it.
I have never flew American Airlines, and now I have, even more of a reason, not too...FUCK YOU AA!
This shit sucks!
That poor girl......psych! That Shit was hilarious.
One day son, my terrible shooting will get me killed. Then you will have to take over, and your terrible shooting will then get you killed, and then your son will take over......You see where I am going with this?
This is pretty much every "Exclusive" Xbox One game ever.
I am 43 and at 22 I was like "I am going to go out there and set the world on fire!" now I am more like "I want to go out there and set the world on fire....Fuck this!"
How quickly can an impeachment process begin?
Cue the Benny Hill music.
Those Skateboards...HE HATES THOSE SKATEBOARDS!
Of course the cat Ninja pushed the dog....Big pussy
Judo Throw!
Not going to lie. I have never even heard of Malta, until now.
I am in this situation now... : /
From the article: Maybe it was always a gimmick. Ask yourself: Have 3D effects ever really impressed you or affected your viewing experience? Gravity and Imax Space Station impressed the hell out of me.
You must be talking about the Espionage Act.....from 1917
It' s okay if Bannon is registered to vote in two different states. He seems alwhite......I mean, alright.
Biker's fault. You can see the light is red.
"The pickup truck driver was ticketed for failure to reduce speed on a curve and failure to keep right on a highway, he said." Really....Fucking Really!
[http://i.imgur.com/pYubQ4D.gif](http://i.imgur.com/pYubQ4D.gif)
America's Next Top Model Judge#1: You know what her arm is missing? America's Next Top Model Judge#2: SEQUINS!!!
That reflection of Pronger.....Priceless!
I have a SS card, and live in our SS....Does that make me an exclusive member?
Not a Safe App
"Netflix and Amazon are spending more money and buying more films than any other studio at Sundance this year" So they can continue to produce original content that gets overlooked by the Oscar committee? Say what you want about Leonardo Dicaprio's Oscar win, but I think Abraham Attah should have won Best Lead Role for Netflix's original movie Beasts Of No Nation. That was one of the most moving performances I had seen in years. I was brought to tears a couple of times. Abraham Attah and Idris Alba were amazing in that movie, and it did not even get a nod from the Oscar Committee....Shameful.
Those PS3 models are so damn loud! They sound like a 747 taking off from JFK.
It looks like a rabbit that has evolved in a post nuclear world.
Those are two dollar bills.
