The Boston Herald is pretty much the Fox News of New England newspapers. If there isn't a liberal/democrat bashing headline (or at the very least front page mention), something particularly important happened the day before. And even then, there's usually a conservative spin on it. This is entirely unsurprising. Source: Boston Native for 34 years.
As a fellow Bostonian I dab dki hnmm./m
My father taught me to drive in Boston, saying "If you can drive in this city, you can drive anywhere". No shit. After the parking lot basic crap, it was "Hop on the highway, we're going to Boston". I learned fast.
I didn't make anything. I had planned to, though I had a ridiculous day and just wanted to relax. We ordered Brazilian food instead. It was amazing.
I knew Gideon was in this season, but I wasn't expecting him to be in that much of the first episode. I was so excited.
!!!!! You know, I thought it looked like him, but I think the brief thought was "Why would they get Quinto to play a corpse? Nah...".
My family had them for a year or two when I was a kid. I remember setting everybody in the house plus guests to watching Quantum Leap. I like to think I helped keep it on the air. :)
Best possible description of the show, in my opinion. :)
Saw them the last time they played in Massachusetts. (Worcester Centrum, 1996). Co-Headlining with Pantera. I'm not being hyperbolic when I say that concert changed my life.
Phil loves to talk, haha. I think I saw Pantera about ten times in the following five or six years, and they could have always played another 5 songs if he had just kept the stage banter at a reasonable level. I'll never forget MTV reporting that had had OD'd like three weeks before the show. Glad he's gotten his shit together...I'm going to see Down in August. Yeah, Deftones were great too. The show in MA had Anal Cunt on first, because they're out of Worcester and Seth was friends with Phil. (He actually did a good amount of the incoherent screams on Trendkill, too).
'97 or 2000? My friend broke his jaw during This Love at the Ozzfest 2000 show. I actually made sure to have a "You aren't prepared for this" talk with my friends that had never been to a Pantera show before. "Be careful. Stay safe. And for the love of god. Get the fuck out of the pit and *off the lawn* when This Love comes on". Sure enough....half way through This Love, he stumbles back to the bleachers we were hanging out at, holding his face. Thankfully the onsite medical folks were fantastic. And yeah...after about my fourth show, I just avoided the pits (which is why I wasn't on the Lawn). Pretty much every single show, someone I know got hurt. Cuh-razy.
One of the things that I thought when initially watching that video is "Huh, the officer is telling most everyone around the camera person to get down. I'll bet *anything* the person filming this is white". Sometimes I hate being right.
I got into it with this guy in the comments section of one of his videos when I stumbled upon it a while back. In a video where he picked apart *literally* every single word out of Laci's Green's video listing the reasons why she was a feminist, he randomly accused her of lying about having been sexually assaulted and implied that slut shaming was explained by evolutionary biology, and therefore....not really a bad thing. (To be fair to a good amount of his viewers, even enough of *them* were so put off by this that he had to post a 30 minute video *explaining* that he didn't really mean it, but actually....yes he actually did and why). I actually go back to that video and check out the senseless stream of MRA/GG hate directed at my comment, whenever I feel like being angry at the world for a little while. Anyway, yeah. TL;DR - Teal Dear is a useless Thunderf00t clone soaking up those precious anti-fem clicks.
Yeah, pretty much this. My room mate binged the first two seasons a month ago, and was bemoaning having to wait until June for Season 3. I was like "Dude....just shut up".
I think my favorite of his is on one of the Laci Green response videos, he actually takes one of the multitudes of reasons she lists of why she's a feminist and asks "How does this one thing make you a feminist!!!???", on *multiple points*. It's like...dude. You're picking apart the video line by line. THE ENTIRE VIDEO IS A LIST OF REASONS WHY. On it's own, maybe they're not sufficient (I guess?) but the whole point is that there are a TON of things that inform her world view. The man has achieved Max Level Cherry-pick.
Yeah, it's not surprising. It's the same four chords over and over again, in the same order from start to finish. I'd play it with my friend singing at Open Mics...but more because I love the shit out of the song, rather than "It's easy, and I want to get laid". It's actually (sort of) the same four chords as Smashing Pumpkins' 'Disarm' during the verse. (Well...different chords, but same root notes, and progression).
Yeah, no kidding. I'm pretty sure I actually said an audible "WTF?" (non-anagram form) when I saw this headline. Almost literally the last person on the planet I'd expect to make that kind of ridiculous mistake.
I like What the Flick as a review show a lot. Even if you're not a fan of The Young Turks (which is kind of it's parent show), they're often a pretty great resource. Also, Alonso is friends with Bryan Fuller, so things like this happen.
That whole end scene was amazing, though. They did a really good job of getting you emotionally invested in the Raptors....I was legitimately upset when they started dying. Except for the one that got thrown into a building and exploded. I laughed out loud. I mean. It seems like it hit something explosive (obviously) but in my head, when I saw it....it just arbitrarily exploded, and seemed to me like another meta dig at big summer action movies.
I sincerely hope they throw a small mountain of money at him for a sequel. Really the only thing this movie was lacking was Goldblum constantly telling everyone how terrible everything is.
I love that guy. I had absolutely no idea he was going to be in it, and I'm super glad he was Chief Meta Comic Relief.
I love that this movie was essentially "Look at all this shiny shit we have to do to get audiences in seats. You know what? F*** THAT! OLD SCHOOL WINS!" It's having it's cake and eating it too, but that's fine with me when it's this good.
I spent $10 on their card last year, and got back over $60 in rewards and concession discounts. The card isn't good if you go to the movies twice a year, but if you go enough to care about a rewards card it *definitely* is. AMC is now, hands down, the best chain in my area.
I'm rarely entirely uncomfortable by things that are on my television. Thursday night was a fine exception to that. NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE.
I haven't seen anything on sale that I particularly want. It doesn't help that I've promised myself I'd get through the last couple episodes of the Game of Thrones game, and at least a bit more of Dragon Age before Arkham Knight comes out next week. My backlog is kind of absurd at this point....I'm being really picky about what I add to it.
Reading SRD almost universally smash KiA into the floor is probably my favorite internet thing today.
So, if we were attacked by Sentinels at lunch, perhaps you could throw a Gyro!?
Stupid comic relief, relieving tension, almost as if designed to do that.
WANT
The show has had it's funny moments, but I don't know that I've ever laughed out loud like I did at that scene. It's almost like Bryan Fuller remembered he's Bryan Fuller. (Obviously the show is very Fuller, but it's not typically as funny as much of his other stuff). Edit: I lied. When Verger stabbed Hannibal's chair, and the "Mouth slightly agape" look of horrified disbelief and rage that Mads put on. Funniest moment in the show. I rewatch that scene when I need a laugh.
Yeah, they're pretty much going there. (Though I don't think it's romantic love). They're taking a *lot* of the previous subtext and just putting it on the table and pointing at it. And I think it's great.
Chilton needs and eye-patch and a parrot. (I'm pretty sure Raul Espraza actually made that joke, but I inappropriately laughed out loud at the thought when he popped up in the preview for next week).
....technically, she killed him.
Blech. I tossed $60 at it, because I've been a big Shenmue fan since Dreamcast, but this is annoying. Probably won't pull my support, though. Happy to help, regardless.
Top Pair, second best kicker on that board, with that action, with that much money in the pot? Call. There are obviously hands that have you beat, but I couldn't imagine folding there.
Honestly, to me...he's either got you crushed or has nothing, and has you on a better nothing and his hand won't hold up at showdown. Pot odds, you have to be right once out of every 3ish times to be profitable, and you said he was loose (I don't know if you meant he just has a wide three bet range pre-flop, regardless of the rest of his play). To me, it's a reluctant call...but still a call. I'm not a pro...that's just my opinion and reasoning. Edit: Of course, I'm ignoring the part where there's another person in the hand he still has to beat to win the pot that's already there, and he's betting into a dry pot. That's tricky, you're right that they're probably betting with something better than a pair of queens.
Yep. This is precisely what it looks like when Hannibal runs out of fucks.
Perfectly handled one of the biggest suckouts I've seen, super late in the game on the biggest stage for poker in the world. This is the very definition of class by Cheong. This is the video that I keep in mind whenever a loose player calls a pre-flop raise when I have aces, haha.
One of my favorite parts of the season is when Brook says "You are *really* bad at your job". That whole storyline was just gut wrenching, and made Healey practically irredeemable. I want to see him destroyed professionally in Season 4.
Somehow just the very concept of erectile dysfunction is actually a more reliable source than encyclopedia dramatica.
I ordered one. I'm buying it anyway, and wanted the pipboy. I don't pre-order things to get exclusives or to make sure I have something on day one. I pre-order things I know for a fact I'm buying on day one, and specifically special editions that actually come with a thing that I want. This is both. Maybe I'm a bad /r/gaming subscriber, but I'm not a part of this 'no preorder' circlejerk.
Yeah, me too. They could easily say "Well, we don't want to produce it, but if *you* want to produce and stream new seasons, we're going to get in your way". If there's serious interest from another company, and Amazon fucks it up by being unreasonable (obviously they're owed some sort of consideration, but if they're passing on it....they should be reasonable), I'm tossing my prime subscription and telling them *exactly* why.
I want to participate in this discussion, but I'm running face first into (relatively minor, but still) spoilers in every thread. I'll be back when I'm done.
"Got a base head wife. Her womb is polluted. This whole town's a pussy, waiting to get fucked". Possibly the best song lyrics ever recorded.
Ender's Game is a fantastic book. I have no trouble saying that without having to twist my mind around how disgusting Card is. That said, every time I purchase anything associated to the man, I donate *double* what I paid for it to GLAAD.
"Sometimes we send this one up to headquarters for no reason at all!"
The image of one of his Feelings hugging the guitar and rocking back and forth while the GIRL alarm goes off is probably one of my favorite Pixar things.
"SIGNAL THE HUSBAND!"
That movie ruined Jacob Pitts for me. Dude played a US Marshall that's also a crazy bad-ass sniper on Justified, and every time he comes on screen I think to myself "....this isn't where I parked my car!"
They shouldn't. And I don't think that's what was decided here. Simply that the state *can't deny* marriage licenses to same sex couples looking for one. Churches should be able to decide for themselves what services they want to perform.
TV Show, but yeah...he plays Tim Gutterson.
Right. But I didn't say anything like that. I was just making a joke about states getting around the supreme court ruling on abortion by requiring admitting privileges for doctors that perform them. (The implication being that regardless of the ruling on the constitutionality of banning it, they will find a way to try).
Oh, dur. Yeah. He plays Coop.
So long as he's replaced by a Baldwin of equal or greater value.
There are very few shows out there that are/were so bad that they actually make me angry. I'm pretty sure that Legend of the Seeker and Under the Dome are at the top of that short list for me. (Mostly a mix of bad and completely crapping on the source material). That more people are watching *that* than Hannibal is just. No.
While it does deviate from the source material, I think it gets the *feel* of a Thomas Harris novel better than anything that's come before it. I've said repeatedly that Fuller does Harris better than Harris does Harris. I remember being initially impressed by how it wasn't *awful* (as I initially saw it as another pointless reboot, regardless of how much I like Fuller), and as the first half of the first season went on, it became pretty clear that it was a masterpiece. I'd seriously give it at least the first season....even if it doesn't live up to the hype for you, it's at the very least a *good* show.
Eternal Sunshine is one of my absolute favorite movies.
TOTES NOT A RIGHT WING MOVEMENT GUIS
"Court makes obvious and right decision" Of course it's 5-4. I don't even need to look at who voted what.
Even if he's bluff shoving (which he obviously was), there was only a *very small* amount of hands that 7 high still beat. He literally can't call. I can't imagine anyone calling.
Yeah, that would have been a sick hero call (also still crazy), but the board texture was *much* different. I remember that hand from one youtube video or another, haha.
Yeah, Kennedy's 'swing vote' is kind of hard to gauge, haha.
As much as I'm not a fan of George W. Bush, if he shows up on the last episode of the Daily Show, that would probably be the best thing ever.
Truth.
Classic Tits McGee.
Great. Now I want Gary Oldman in some Star Wars.
The perfectly subtle look of abject horror with the tiniest bit of rage that Mads gives in that scene alone should have earned him every award ever.
".....yes?" Jeremy Davies, ladies and gentlemen.
I....honestly can't answer the question. It's like asking "Who is your favorite child?". Except there are almost 40 children.
I know! I really wish he had just used his normal Scottish accent, just to differentiate it a little more. Though it it kind of effective in carrying over his ridiculous inherent likability by using a voice that's already instantly endearing to a lot of people. (Driving home the point that abusers that are successful in getting away with it always come across as 'nice' and/or 'likable'). Every time he says "Well...." in JJ, I was like "NOT THAT, TOO!"
"Now, don't be down y'all! We can go get some AIDS from the forest!"
Still too soon........
Sometimes I'm convinced that I'm the only person (other than a friend) over the age of 12 that loves pretty much all things Minions.
Yep, absolutely. I just wish they hadn't used it because it ruined the 10th doctor for me in the tiniest of ways.
Yeah, Reynolds is basically Wade Wilson in that movie. He's the reason it's watchable.
Hahahaha. Truth.
Came here to say that. Saw someone already made the reference. I'm glad I'm not the only one that quotes that line.
I've seen The Force Awakens twice so far, and the first time I was in the bathroom during this speech. The second time I passed out for about five minutes and missed it again. Good to finally see it in potato quality at least, haha.
I haven't seen it, but a friend told me that he even pronounces it that way in the movie. I kind of need to see it if it's true.
I read that and rolled my eyes. They definitely wanted him for the movie, and for whatever reason (I've heard a couple reasons, who knows what's going on) he didn't want to do it. Now he's sad they killed Hiller off screen? What was he hoping they'd keep it ambiguous, so he could come back in the next when when he realized how silly it was to turn it down? Then again, they could just bring him back anyway. *Brent Spiner* is in this silly thing, and I thought his character was 20 shades of dead in the first one.
Well, then I need to see it. Source: I'm 35 years old and love stupid kids movies.
Oh, I'm sure. I was just giving myself crap. :)
Definitive proof of a specific deity.
Kickstarted it way back when, and downloaded it yesterday. Ate two hours in what felt like ten minutes. Super, super fun.
He always says that...
*That's* where I've seen her before.
Having emotional problems at school to the point where I requested to be allowed to go home. Went to a vocational school, so I spent half my school time with one teacher. Nurse calls this teacher in to see if they can talk to me. Confide in teacher, explaining the source of the problems. (Girl related). Teacher helps me feel better, so good on him. The next week, he's mocking me about the issue in front of the rest of the class, including said girl. I tell him to go to hell. He gives me detention. Worth it.
This. Dropped a bunch of weight last year, and everyone is like "How'd you do it!?? You do paleo? Gluten free? Weight Watchers? Atkins???". Uhm. No. Ate less. Exercized.
Or Dead Pooler
Yeah, that's something that is easy to take for granted. I can't even imagine being that well known.
Aren't these the same people that complain "SJW's" focus on first world problems, and don't care about things that actually matter?
If you're into the metal, my ex put on Sleep's Dopesmoker one night. (It's an hour long song). It may be a weird suggestion, but it was kind of amazing. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hIw7oeZKpZc
Loved that movie. Reynolds is extremely underrated.
Yeah, that seems off. I hope it's wrong. I really, really do.
That's pretty much what I think they're hinting at. A major plot point introduced in the books, but not fully explored, is Hannibal running off with Clarice.
I honestly don't even have any fucks left to give to bother getting up to speed on this, but my recollection is that Zoe had a restraining order placed on him, including barring him from writing about her on the internet. He's been fighting that, and as a result of fighting that, the Massachusetts legal system is actually pressing *more* charges. It boils down to: "Leave her alone" "NO! I HAVE THE FIRST AMENDMENT RIGHT TO CONTINUE TO HARASS HER!" "Ok, not only is that not true, but now we're actually pressing harassment charges." "BUT MUH PEACHES!"
This is best summed up by the editors note on the Cracked article regarding the Zoe post: ""Gentlemen," we said amid the stunned silence, "do you realize that if what they're saying is true, then this is still the most pointless fucking bullshit anyone has ever forced us to read?""
Ok, you just ruined Dory for me. Thank you.
I listened to Too Weird an obscene amount for the year after it came out. I love that album. (Casual Affair is probably my favorite song by them). Vices &amp; Virtues was also amazing, though. I think they get better with every one up until this one. (Haven't listened to it enough to decide).
There's already a comment simply laughing, and I should just upvote that one....but..... HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA.
The 1980's John Carpenter movie 'The Thing' was, itself, a remake.
I'll hate on it if it's terrible. They could pull it off...stranger things have happened. As for right now, I'm just glad Mr. Curry is well enough to be on my television screen, especially in something RHPS related. :)
Many people aren't aware that the Carpenter one was a remake, haha. (Just like a lot of people aren't aware that The Departed was a remake).
Today I learned that he was from Boston. I'm now actually sad that I'm from Boston.
So, you want a place *more* conservative than and *less* socialist than the United States? Uhm. Good luck.
Leaving the mall, and getting irrationally angry at the teenagers standing outside of it. They weren't doing anything. Just standing there. And that made me mad for no reason.
I'm pretty sure at this point he's just "Rumored to be in talks", which has pretty much been the state of the entire movie adaptation for over a decade. I *really hope* he ends up getting cast, and the movie actually gets made...but I'm not holding my breath at this point. Mostly I just can't believe they can't get the stupid thing off the ground. They don't *need* to plan out a four movie, three television series thing ahead of time. The first book (aside from a flashback sequences, which admittedly would be relatively complicated...especially Gillead) has 3 characters, and is about said three characters walking across a desert. It's not rocket science. Get that thing made for relatively minimal budget, see how it does, then do the bigger (much more expansive, much more expensive) story.
Yeah, I saw her taking that line and I laughed. She wants to position herself to be seen like Obama, even to go so far as to say "Hey, look! I'm also for the things people dislike about him!". She can't deny her record regarding the financial industry, so she's leaning into it, hoping the "Obama did it, too...why are you saying mean things about the President" line will work. It won't.
I didn't see that! Fantastic! It's the same idiocy you see anytime this kind of thing comes up. Except they also get to piss and moan about how the interaction with Detta might be different. Oh noes! She can't call him a honky cracker mafa! SHE'LL JUST HAVE TO CALL HIM A MAFA! I'M NOT WATCHING IT.
Precisely. People act like the entire foundation of the relationship between Roland and Detta/Sue is that he's white. It's a part of it. It's a big part of their conversations throughout book 2. But the relationship itself can still hold true if she's calling him some other names, and has another reason to hate him. The Drawing of the Three is my absolute favorite Dark Tower book, and one of my favorite books ever written. I don't think that makes my opinion any more valuable than anyone else's, but I know that book front to back, and I just don't see how it's that big of a deal.
Like I said, I can and do respect many conservatives. Palin, and those that support her, are a different story. I'm not required to be tolerant or respectful of intolerant imbeciles that I believe are damaging our society.
That's nice.
Risky click of the day.
Regarding her changing stances on....many things, a friend who works for the Clinton campaign and rationalizes it as "At least she's willing to change her opinions, and she's more pragmatic (rather than idealist)". I think it's kind of horseshit, but that's how it was rationalized to me. I'm not going to give her shit for (even only recently) being on the right side of things, but Sanders has been fighting many of these fights his entire career. That says a lot to me. My union (IATSE) recently threw Clinton their support. Most of my brothers and sisters are less than pleased. (Especially prior to the primary).
Really enjoyed the premiere. Love this show to bits.
Have enough people seen Hateful Eight for the Lincoln Letter scene(s) to be referenced with any relevance yet?? :)
I saw this on my front page, and thought it was from /r/movies for some reason. And I'm thinking "Wow, go /r/movies! Way to have great comments upvoted to the top!" Then I saw the 'Social Justice Barbarian' type flares, and everything made more sense.
Fox also lets the Simpsons shit all over them whenever. I think they can occasionally recognize when it's cool to take a step back and let people do their thing.
Mandatory: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cWDdd5KKhts
Knowing when friends/people I know well are lying. Either all of my friends are terrible liars, or I'm really good at picking up on little things people do when they're lying. It's tough to not call someone on it, when you know it's happening, but can't really prove it. (And almost always later ends up being the case).
I liked it. Ran for a good long time. Duchovny is fantastic in it. And yeah. She's one of the best parts of Hannibal, and that's saying pretty much everything.
I'll say the same thing I say to everyone. Watch Hannibal. Everyone should watch Hannibal.
"I even made my parents call me Mulder...."
Trust, but....oh wait. This is about bashing an SJW, right? Just trust.
&gt; -They shot the film in both 35mm and HD, and both cameras required separate crews to operate. So *that's* why there's this weird constant shift of video quality throughout the movie, haha.'
http://picklewizard.com/ Though, I did this to a friend...and dude attached a super creepy note to the thing. So instead of letting my friend wonder what the hell was going on, I immediately clarified....because it was *way* too creepy of a note.
I love that they have Wade as a weirdo before the experiments.
I had no idea RDJ did the commentary in character. (I never listen to the commentary tracks). Time to watch Tropic Thunder for the umpteenth time.
Nightwatch. Fantastic russian sci-fi/fantasy/horror stuff.
Cats
I hope he beats this fucking thing. Get well, John.
Yep. I was four and my dad let me have a small sip. I was very confused as to why all of the adults were drinking this vile beverage. 30 years later, and I understand why I hated it. Dad gave me Budweiser.
Misogynate?
I thought McHale was was fine. The writing wasn't particularly good, but nothing wrong with his performance.
I. Just. But. Wow. I had the "I can dislike how he handles many things, and appreciate his contributions to the field of evolutionary biology" thing going for a while. That's that. Fuck Richard Dawkins.
You'd be surprised at how much of this site (regardless of the sub) would fall over themselves defending this shit.
Loooooooooong time Anselmo of all varieties fan, and I'm equally sad and angry about this.
Anselmo came out to sing Kill all the White People with Type-O at the Ozzfest in Massachusetts back in 97. He stole Peter's bottle of wine, haha.
Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeexactly
Long time fan, and I've been sitting here for the past hour trying to wrap my brain around how disgusted I am right now. (No, it's not particularly surprising, but still). I was singing Cemetery Gates at karaoke last night, and listening to Down on the way to work. Just. Dude.
I see it more often than my faith in humanity would like.
Yeah, my first thought was: "#nottheonion" "#ohwaitthisactuallyistheonion"
I'll never forget that. Had no idea he was going to be on the show...Venus shows up. Takes me a good couple seconds to realize it's a Trans lady. And another good couple seconds to realize it's fucking Walton Goggins playing her. So good.
I think my favorite part of the rest of that "I speak the most Italian" bit was that Utivich actually gives the most convincing accent of the three. Just the way he says "Dominic Decoco", and Landa is genuinely impressed, haha.
I think the 'theory' is valid in the way it very simply explains much of how and why people behave the way they do on the internet. Not even just talking about trolls. Though I would amend that it's normal person + anonymity - empathy (due to dehumanizing a person/people who is represented by some text on a screen and maybe an avatar/profile picture) + audience = fuckwad. It's not perfect, and it shouldn't be used to *defend* people's behavior, though.
The band Disturbed had an issue where an artist already had a website featuring his work at disturbed.com. Dude was a total dick about it, too. Refused to sell them the site (which is his right), but also threatening to harass anyone that even mistakenly inquires if his site is a part of the band's work. Eventually he realized he should probably just sell it, and the band (having been operating on a different site for years with no issue) laughed at him.
Mostly, dude is a complete mess again. I'd be more sad about it if he weren't going around doing nazi salutes and shouting 'white power'. Instead I'm a weird mix of angry, sad, and entirely unsurprised And furthermore, I can't listen to either of my go-to 'instead better mood' bands right now. (Down and Pantera). At least System of a Down exists to fill the niche.
It's true, but it's his own doing. Personally, I'm glad he apologized, and *hope* he's sincere. (Though based on the pattern of behavior, I doubt it). Regardless, if he wants to earn any respect (if that's even possible at this point), he has a lot of work to do.
I was actually thinking that, haha. Dude looks great for his age.
............phase?
Ugh, yeah. I had a group of (young, straight, white, went to a largely libertarian leaning private college) 'friends' crawl straight up another friend's ass about publicly being annoyed with and calling out the Red Cross' policy on sexually active gay men donating blood. "How dare you! That saves lives! Regardless of their policy, people absolutely 100% no matter what need to continue to donate blood! YOU'RE JUST TRYING TO APPEAR MORALLY SUPERIOR" My question was "How many of you folks actually ever donate blood?" I was then accused of implying that their arguments were wrong because they don't donate blood. I was like, nah. It doesn't invalidate your argument. It just makes you an asshole.
Mostly I'd just understand that he likely either knows very little or isn't allowed to talk about it. I run into celebrities fairly often at my summer job (stage hand at a relatively large music venue), and I usually just leave them alone. But when I say hi, I usually just say hello and thanks for the work/entertainment/whatever.
Yay my state! My first thought was "Wonder if Baker will veto" (yay blue states with Republican governors...even if he's centrist as far as most things go), but then saw that overwhelming margin.
The way we buy cars. What other item do you go to purchase, and the thought process is "I have to be good at buying this to avoid being completely dicked over", and the job of the person who you're buying it from is to dick you over *as much as humanly possible*. It's absolutely ridiculous. Edit: Yep, there are actually a lot of other items that function this way. I think they're all stupid. I hate haggling.
It's true, and I don't really have a great suggestion on how to fix it. It just pisses me off to no end.
If anything, I'm glad my whining about the process of buying cars elicited this post. Thanks much!
I was a prime subscriber for a good long while when they started that. I now get most of my money back for the subscription on video game savings alone. It's a crazy deal.
Much of what you said is true. And I bought a brand new car this year from a major car company, at a well reputed dealership. They were courteous, friendly, helpful. I was treated well. Felt appreciated as a customer (with a major annoyance mentioned below that was mostly the specific sales person slipping up after an hour of negotiating). And I don't begrudge the sales person their salary or commission, my problem is with the system. But anyway. I did my research. Found the right price for the exact car I wanted. Went in there, and the sticker price was ~4k over what I should be paying for the vehicle. I had to work hard to get it down to what I wanted it to be and (according to all available information) where it should be. The guy even had the audacity to tell me at one point that if I had come later in the month, I would have had an easier time of it. Like, dude. As a customer, I don't give a single shit when it's easier for you to drop your price. Don't tell me that I could get a better price if I came back on the 31st. I knew that, but I also know that you can sell this thing to me at the price I'm willing to pay for it. I have a problem with that system. I don't care how many free oil changes or car washes they offer me. I don't like the idea that if I walked in there, and took the first price, I was overpaying for the item by $4,000.
I'm not talking about down payment. Regardless of the where the money comes from, you're handing the dealer the full price of the car. Also (like someone else said) $100,000 is mid-range? Hahahahahaha. Yeah, no.
"Do you ever read the bible?" "No" "Well, when I'm on the morphine, you're standing next to my bed stark naked reading the book of leviticus. Do you want to know what happens next?" ".......no?" "Neither do I. So, no more morphine. Now go get Arthur". The implication being that the morphine was causing crazy hallucinations, and that he's done with it. If she was actually doing crazy shit, he would have just told her to cut it off, or fired her, or whatever.
I'm very impressed that you seem to have a great deal of money. Good for you.
Yeah, both Tate's band and Queensryche with a new singer are still making music and touring. The new Queensryche stuff is actually pretty good, though I doubt it would be the same as seeing the original lineup. (Or as close approximation to it as you got without DeGarmo around). I saw them on tour a couple times about a decade ago when they played all of Mindcrime, and then another tour when they played Mindcrime and Mindcrime 2 back to back. Was fantastic.
Ho. Ly. Shit.
To me, "Battle of the Bastards" is the big red flag in all this. If that's the title, then sure...whatever. But that's a really dumb title.
Yeah, no shit. In the books, Bronn peaced out and got his wife/castle in Storm of Swords. In the show, they're (rightfully) like "Jerome Flynn is amazing, let's keep having Jaime call him up".
EUNUCHBOWL. GET HYPE.
BUT RISES AGAIN. HARDER AND STR.... Wait...this doesn't work here.
I'm neither wrong nor right until the trial by combat happens, and Tommen is or is not the champion of the faith.
Probably the most ridiculous death scene in the history of cinema when viewed without context. Only slightly less ridiculous when you have context. It's glorious.
I don't know if I'm just not watching enough commercials, or paying enough attention to....something, but I was *completely* unaware of Popstar until about two weeks ago, and even after that...I only became further aware of it by actively seeking it out. I don't know if the marketing was terrible, or if it was just poorly directed at my specific demographic...but that can't have helped.
Yeah, no kidding. I can get why people would dig Brave, but I think it's Pixar's weekest film that doesn't rhyme with 'Tars'.
Good Dinosaur is a hot mess, but I appreciate how out there it was. Plus the triceratops scene made me laugh harder than almost anything from any Pixar movie, so it's slightly above both cars movies in my book.
I do not play a great deal of online multiplayer stuff, but ME3 multiplayer was my life for like three months.
I laughed for about a minute straight. I was so amused. I'd say that and Medihv getting a golem dropped on his head were the two best parts of the entire movie.
I thought the movie was fine, as a fan of the franchise. Absolutely fantastic adaptation, but the movie itself was boring as fuck. I don't know that it was because I knew what the major story beats were (wasn't sure if they were going to change them, going into it...but they were still mostly there), but I was just entirely disinterested in 90% of the shit going on. Things I liked a lot: -Durotan. Every single scene he's in, the movie is exactly what it should have been throughout. If Kebbell isn't the 'next' Andy Serkis...I don't know who is. -Polymorph. I absolutely lost my shit. -Durotan vs. Gul'dan. Obviously included in the 'everything Durotan' bit, but this stands out big time. -Medihv. Yes, it was campy and weird. But we're watching a Warcraft movie. I wanted a campy and weird Medihv. If they do the WC3 storyline (assuming this thing limps into the 'profitable enough to warrant a sequel' territory, let alone 'profitable at all'), I look forward to more Ben Foster. -They didn't call Thrall 'Thrall'. Any other video game adaptation ever would have had Durotan straight up name his kid "Thrall", because they'd assume their audience is stupid. Nope. "Go'el". Kudos, Mr. Jones. Also, his moses moment was perfectly sad. Good stuff. Anyway. One last thought. Come on, guys. You couldn't have done a birth of Arthas stinger at the end of the credits? Yes, general audiences wouldn't get it, but I'd have appreciated it.
Oh, good...I'm glad I'm not the only one that said ".....what Alliance?"
I spent the previous week rolling my eyes so hard at every single theory post, that I loved the shit out of this episode, just because I felt vindicated in my disdain for people's awful theories.
Right. And that's why it was something that I liked. The writers didn't do something stupid and lazy like having durotan name his kid "slave", like most other dumb video game movies would have.
This thing needs to make an obscene amount of money to recoup all expenses. (I've heard $500 million, but who knows how accurate). I hope it continues to do well overseas, because it's (relatively) falling on its face in the us.
Given the frequency with which the US bombs civilians (as collateral damage or no), I wonder what the percentage of americans of any religious belief thinks it's justified.
&gt; and actually good from what I heard Best game I've played so far this year. It really is amazing.
It's a modern AAA game with all of the polish that comes along with that, that *feels* like a Doom game. Plenty of replay value. Amazing sound track. The snapmap feature giving you essentially limitless user generated content (that they're expanding on). It's unbelievable how good it is. Worth every single penny.
Uncharted 4 being my second favorite game so far this year. Well....third if you count Amplitude as this year. (I've certainly played it more than any other game recently released).
That's my experience with them. They're either one of the best bands you'll ever see live, or absolutely horseshit. Very little in between. (I've seen them probably eight or nine times over the course of the past decade).
I've only played a few hours of Overwatch (free beta) so far. I plan on grabbing it when I'm a bit more caught up on my games library, but I haven't played enough to put it on any list of best anything. :)
Harmonix hasn't really done the best job of advertising for it. I probably would have completely missed it if I hadn't backed it on Kickstarter two years ago, haha. It's pretty bare bones, but if you like Frequency/Amplitude, you should dig it. No big licensed tracks to be had, but the soundtrack is fantastic.
Dude calls Joffrey "Jeffrey" half the times he says his name in the first book, too. Doesn't do it in any of the other ones at all, so far as I can tell. He also flubs some lines, which didn't get fixed in editing which is *super* weird. His performance is fantastic, though...and I love that they got him for the Pyromancer in season 2.
During that last scene, I wish Jaquen was a little more annoyed with the mess and been exasperated, like "A girl needs to learn to close the door". (She left the front door open). The show's already kind of decided it's a farcical sit-com at times, anyway.
My exact thought after the episode, yeah. "The week the hype died". There is some hype left, though. House Reddit knows know hype but the hype in the north, whose name is SNOWBOWL.
Man o Nam
The opening scene is perfection. The stuff you mentioned along with "DEMONIC INVASION IN PROGRESS". All the exposition you need. Rip and tear, motherfucker.
Me? Though apparently the new one is garbage. Oh, well.
Oh, I'm planning on it. Was just disappointed that a couple critics that I regularly agree with (who also enjoyed the first one) didn't dig it. Thanks for the recommendation!
I also think it's far too early in the year to be declaring anything (even Uncharted 4) shoe ins for GOTY. I got different things out of both games, but I thought the single player campaign for Doom was perfect from start to finish. Uncharted, while amazing on quite a few different levels, isn't perfect. Apples and oranges, but I wouldn't be surprised to see Doom pick up a great many accolades at the end of the year.
Yeah, it's absolutely not a perfect replication of old school Doom. I'm super impressed at how close they got, though. It had a completely different vibe than most shooters out there nowadays, and the frantic action, soundtrack, general environment, and enemy behavior/attacks (even though it's significantly updated and the AI is obviously a lot better than before) is as similar to the originals as one could hope for short of just tossing modern textures/physics/effects on the Doom/Doom 2.
Yeah, no thanks. You're welcome to your opinion, but when your statement is "If you disagree with my assertion that everyone needs to stop playing violent video games, you're a chickenshit hypocrite"? I'm not even interested in a conversation with you.
Yeah. I mean, like....tone policing is obviously an undesirable thing....but I think the "I'm not interested in having a conversation with a person who is calling my position full stop hypocrisy before a discussion has even taken place" is valid.
I'm already incredibly angry about everything right now. This thread is making it exponentially worse.
Yeah, no kidding. Especially since with time (in my opinion), Load and to a certain extent ReLoad are much better listens than they were in 1996 when we were expecting another Black Album and *hoping* for something more along the lines of their older stuff. We got a bluesy, poppy-ish in spots, hard rock album. But it's a fucking amazing album. If a new band had released that album, it would have skyrocketed their career and would probably be considered a classic. Instead people look at it as "Disappointing Metallica Album". (Though that has changed).
Like, there was that time on Vicious where Ash gets super angry and starts reminding you of a certain Game of Thrones character. Which character you ask? Do you not remember the countless tantrums thrown by Sansa stark in earlier seasons? Confirmed.
