Not this year though, next year's market.
Fucking interleague.
They're stretching him, perhaps to enter the rotation. I guess Perez goes into the bullpen? Speaking of David Carpenter, he's been pretty bad this year. Though I really miss Shreve. I don't think I really understood how much our bullpen was stripped until the last couple of series. It's not just Kimbrel.
That didn't amaze me. I'm amazed we got them to give us Wisler and pay BJ's contract.
&gt; Fans of Sabermetrics are largely like Tea Party members.....people who took a good idea way too far. One uses numbers, logic, and try not to let their biases get in the way, and then there's the Tea Party...
Any segment of the population is going to do that, it's human nature. Who ever said Derek Jeter is the worst shortstop in the history of baseball, was going to say that anyways, with or without sabermetrics. That could be done with traditional stats too. Someone could replace dWAR and UZR with Fielding Percentage.
Not Feastmode!
3/3!
I know it falls under what you're talking about, but I have real doubts anyone will beat Ripken's record.
I'm weirded out by Tony La Russa bobblehead night.
I don't think we'll compete this year, but we might be close. Next year will be more interesting, with some of those pains gone. Imagine a matured pitching staff.
I didn't understand why Dodgers fans were so sad to lose him, now I understand why.
Were you inspired by Ted Danson...
I hope he's ok.
She's like 20 years younger than him...
I hope my future wife looks like that when she's that age! She's 59...
I think I'm most intrigued by their risk category. They list Matuella, Aiken, Hooper, and two other RHP as the riskiest players in the draft.
I guess this also means Peterson is in the long term plans for the team.
We did last year.
Cunningham's best case scenario is a 4th OF probably. I don't think Gosselin will be on this team for the long-term. Perhaps his future is trade-bait.
You're pitching coach looked angry.
I hope it's Fredi G, but I think he'll go through the entirety of this year.
Do you think the prospects are noteworthy or minor pieces?
The Braves get their best draft in a while. Whitley likely becomes the best player in the draft. Brady Aiken does not pitch in the MLB ever.
San Fransisco to match the new typeface.
/r/theydidthemath
I remember hearing it in 500 Days of Summer.
I thought this was also the bold predictions thread. Aiken's medicals sound really bad.
Try Khan Academy's course on SQL.
Agree about the concerns. I think Theo and the Cubs' scouting team will get whoever they think will provide max value for them.
No more cool high fives with Peterson
It'll be funny if he becomes Trout 2.0, and that many teams passed on him.
He's been playing pretty well for someone who's had a hand injury.
Not my favorite band, but the Rolling Stones.
Simmons just missed it.
I think they bought a handheld camera for the first season and then returned it.
I think this is the weirdest one. The trend of Aiken to the Dodgers sounds like a sure thing. Never heard Happ to the Braves. EDIT: Feel like I'm spamming this sub, so I'm gonna just put this [here](http://www.baseball-reference.com/draft/2015-mlb-draft-preview.shtml).
I mean they are both good GMs, but I don't really see the comparison. Rizzo has almost double the money to work with. Their strategies seem quite different. I understand they both get good value, but the Nationals seem much more "stable" in comparison to the A's.
They don't usually play a catcher after a night game if the next game is a day game.
Not a fan of Tyler Stephenson.
Uribae
Probably won't impact him too much. Just interesting drama the day before the draft.
Imagine the shit storm if it was Rodgers or Tate.
Wow never seen his face.
I'm not a big fan of the guy personally. I think a prep arm would be better, not to mention you should draft the best player available not for need.
Tim has really came a long way he used to be so uncomfortable on stage.
El Capitan
Finally snap!
Well that was fun! I thought their would be a lot of time leftover with no hardware, I was wrong.
I doubt it. Don't think he'll get any more money this time around, if he wants even a chance to play he has to do it now. Whoever signs him will have a lot of leverage.
I think Happ is likely if they Reds don't take him.
Oh shit now I do want him to get to the Braves!
http://www.baseballamerica.com/draft/2015-mlb-draft-signing-pools/
Exactly! Never go cheap in draft, we've seen how teams suffer when they do.
Dan O'Dowd...
Bregman
Approximately 45 mins until the Braves draft.
Knew they'd take Tucker.
I don't know I'm a fan of it so far. Not too high on Jay or Fulmer.
https://twitter.com/jjcoop36/status/608057246883450881
Peter Gammons just said that.
Tyler Stephenson for Philly
Apparently Randolph
Take him I don't want him to go to the Braves.
Yeah but as a deal to save money on other picks.
Rays just got the best player.
He was the best player available.
A UCLA recruit, Allard continued a recent trend of top-rated pitchers coming up injured prior to the National High School Invitational, joining other elite arms like Jordan Sheffield, Dylan Cease and Lucas Giolito. Allard’s issue was a stress reaction in his back, less of a concern than the arm injuries that felled other prospects this year around the country. Allard was the youngest player on USA Baseball’s 18U National Team last summer, helping the team win a gold medal, and has compiled a long track record for a high school pitcher that made him the top arm in the class entering the spring. He has a firm fastball that has touched 96 mph and sits in the low 90s. He does it easy with a feel for the strike zone. Allard has the hand speed to throw a tight, plus downer curveball, which was considered one of the best in the last last summer. He’d made just two starts before coming up injured this spring. Allard had begun workouts to potentially return to the field in early May, and scouts were speculating he could get back on a mound for some private workouts before the draft, but clubs likely were going to have to consider last summer’s performance and this spring’s medical reports as the key information for where to rank Allard. -BA
Holy shit that's the explosive pick.
Probably on par to Fried if not better.
Bickford can smoke all he wants now!
Think the Braves will take Chalmers or Everett for pick 28. Though Hayes would be cool too. EDIT: Forgot Russell.
Damn wanted him for #28.
Braves might take Mike Soroka RHP don't know anything about him.
Braves will take Mike Soroka for pick #28
Nice pick.
Lucas Herbert?
Maybe. I have my sights set on a certain player, don't want to jinx any chance of getting him though.
Pick #75 is LHP AJ Minter
As long as they are consistent and no more ump shows.
There's Matuella
Just drafted Anthony Guardado.
Braves certainly have some puzzling picks so far.
I like Allard and Herbert (after looking more into him). I'm ok with the Soroka pick. Austin Riley and Guardado are weird to me, figured they'd be all over Everett.
Really, didn't hear about that.
FUCK he was a pick I really wanted Atlanta to take.
Probably will be a much better player than Graham.
Well I like Allard and Herbert. Not really a fan of the other picks, though Soroka seems like the type of guy to have low expectations and come out of nowhere and dominate.
Terd's time the charm.
They had no room for him in their crowded infield.
The Pineda game must have hurt.
I missed the beginning of the game why is everyone talking bout Simmons.
Yep, because one brawl 31 years ago is clear evidence that Braves fans are idiots.
What did the Braves do to you?
* While I don't agree, at least that's understandable. * I don't think the Braves are going to hit Justin Upton who a lot of the remaining players are still friends with intentionally * It's been 31 years.
He needs to cultivate more mass.
Cost them their #12 prospect according to BA.
Thanks, I was in a hurry.
True, though I think they could have waited until he got released.
Well I guess they did well then. Forgot Turner was coming so soon.
Padres have gotten a lot more paranoid lately...
With two out.
Always on the foot for Teheran.
I mean that's what we were expecting before the game started.
Hey there I am in that thread. I was right!
Minor League Ball has a very short one with the rest of the NL East. Could you summarize Keith Law's article basically?
Cliff Lee; He really didn't figure it out until he was 30.
OUR FUCKING BULLPEN OR RATHER THE LACK OF ONE.
Any chance Euro Truck Simulator goes down any lower?
I hate saying it, but I think we sell high on him. I don't know what teams need or will need an OF though.
His reach is amazing, I don't think any other player has a sub dedicated to him.
Fuck how could I forget about that one!.
I was so excited... only to be disappointed.
It was on DOB's Twitter.
DOB and Bowman say that the Braves are happy with Peterson at 2nd. Apparently they think Peterson just won't be able to hit enough at 3rd (though I disagree).
I heard that, though I think it's just DOB speculating.
Well no one can accuse Shelby of not caring.
I think he really wants to get Wisler up.
Maybin is what we all had hopes BJ would be.
Mike Foltynewicz
This really makes me want Moyer to come out of retirement just to pitch against Colon, the combined age would be 92 and some days.
Canada might be the next big hotbed for Baseball. I really think Baseball sleeps on Canada, like the north east.
Don't really want to make a thread for this, but is Ciriaco redundant for the current team? We have KJ, Uribe, and Jace who can cover 2nd not to mention KJ, Uribe, and CJ can cover 3B.
I think Freddie threw a pitch after a spring training, surprisingly good for someone who hasn't done it in forever (if ever).
I'm willing to take a 1 million dollar gamble on him.
Don't understand why, rather send down Ciriaco.
Their roster isn't really that good when you add defense. I love JUp, but when he is the best defensive OFer something is wrong. Their infield is a mess compared to us. I'm kind of ambivalent towards Bud Black.
Calling /u/SG8970 how has Gomes hit Porcello (if ever). My gut reaction of him hitting against a righty doesn't make me very happy.
We also got one very good prospect and an ok prospect in the deal.
At least it's something new.
What about fish?
The lyrics to Treefingers.
I wonder if the Astros are the only ones?
My bad only skimmed.
Talking Chop's writers are so much better! DOB and Bowman are just awful though.
Maybe we should skip Teheran's next start. Might do him some good.
Agreed, Folty is just going through growing pains. I think this will hurt his development.
He's had a pretty high BABIP. In Smoltz's first season where he pitched 64 innings he had an ERA of 5.48, Folty is at an ERA of 5.19 in 52 innings. While we want him to dominate from day one, we have to remember even greater pitchers didn't do that. I think the best thing is to keep him up there and let him adjust.
Man this guy needs to shut up. Funny how he doesn't mention all the success our pitchers have enjoyed with McDowell.
True, though the MLB is also having the same epidemic.
Most hated player in the NL East.
Beats the hell out of me. I'm getting sick of him doing shit like that.
Idiots should have used Google Ultron. NASA uses it.
# HYPE
I'd be so pissed if that came true.
6 IP, 2 ER, 4 SO, and 1 BB. That's my guess for tomorrow. His numbers are surprisingly higher in AAA than I thought.
Replaced Way of Life for me! Thank you!
Fun Fact: I think RBIs are a shit stat, but I think it's worth noting Maybin has 1 more RBI than Melvin did in two years.
The batter can't control who's on base before him.
Yep.
Jace &lt;3
Well Manny just pitched a couple of days ago. He's also on an innings limit. Though I'm not sure the exact limit.
SIB Freedom Planet?
Best Rookie Debut for Braves pitcher since when?
Yikes Folty had a bad start in AAA.
He's pretty much gone. They'll non-tender him in the off-season. Our future rotation is crowded already as it is.
Forgot to write my thoughts on the Braves draft. 1a. Kolby Allard (LHP) - The best prep arm, bonus he's a lefty. He had a stress reaction in his back, though I'm assured the Braves don't think it matters. Could follow the footsteps of Giolito. 1b Mike Soroka (RHP) - A bit of a reach by most accounts. Not that high on the move, but I see the logic. Could be a sleeper pick that came out of nowhere. 1c. Austin Riley (3B/RHP) - Not a big fan personally, especially with bigger names on the board. Was a real reach IMO. 2a. Lucas Herbert (C) - A move that shocked me at first. The more I read about him the more I love the pick. Not to mention he's Allard's catcher. The fact he can call his own game at an early age is really impressive. Hope his bat develops well and you might have a great prospect. My 2nd favorite pick after the Allard one. 2b. AJ Minter LHP - Don't understand this pick at all. He looks like at best, a good reliever. Doesn't really fall with the high ceiling pick that Hart has followed with. 3 . Anthony Guardado RHP - Another pick that I'm not sure about. I'm going to trust other people who know more about prospects than me. He's a "popup guy". Others love the pick.
I have it already, though couldn't really get into it. Might try again though.
So the Nationals are going to follow the unwritten rules /s. Douche move honestly though.
I think a little bit of me, got hurt just watching that.
New nickname for Avilan: Box of Chocolates, because you don't know what you'll get.
Needs Melky for that (my hate for Melky is higher). What is wrong with Utley though this year?
Holy shit. EDIT: Hart just did highway robbery.
The Braves call up one pitching prospect so the Braves acquire another one to fill that spot.
Well if going by his BABIP he's been ridiculously unlucky. Normally though his defense has been fine. Maybe he's just having a mental block after his April, and it's just been snow balling from there?
I don't think so. They're going to do everything possible if it means he can be a successful starter. If he pitches well there will be a spot.
Nothing.
Wait until July 31st.
Something I've been meaning to say for a while: Does anyone else not like us moving Peraza around position to position. That can only hurt his development. From SS to CF and apparently the possibility of him playing LF. Just not how I'd treat one of our top prospects.
Not that guy, but third order winning percentage are the standings based off the underlying statistics and are adjusted for the quality of opponents. Granted I don't know what statistics go into it since I don't frequent BP. I'm just hoping for .500, not sold this is a playoff team.
Grilli, JJ, CJ, and Avilan will be gone.
I never mentioned Gomes, though I'd be happy if we got anything of value for the team. A ring doesn't really mean much for the team. We're paying 4M for .207/.290/.322, 72 wRC+, and -0.7 fWAR.
So does Correa and he's only played 13 games.
Didn't help me either.
Wonder how this rain delay effects the pitching tonight.
Rendon should trim that...
Geez I bet you guys are glad that you didn't sign Desmond to that deal.
Only the trade deadline hopefully.
I mean regardless, I think you guys can do a lot better with that money spent else where on an aging SS.
Lucas Herbert, our 2nd round pick just hit his first home run. For a "glove first" catcher he's been off to a great start.
We have our own /r/baseball podcast.
I knew the title of this thread when I saw the news on my Twitter feed.
Why does Taylor go by Michael A. Taylor?
TIL.
I didn't think that Joe was complaining. I mean he went on after that going on how frustrating it can be after the way the guy has been playing. Granted it maybe my rose tinted glasses.
Andrew Mckirkhan.
I mean you traded for him, assuming we still had Freddie in this league who played 1B and where did the other play?
&gt; I think he mentioned that Touki's drafting to begin with wasn't really the best decision for the team due to how long it's going to take him to reach the Majors. I mean in the draft you should take the BPA, regardless of ETA.
Ah ok.
Are you bald?
1. Propose trade with the DBacks 1b. Trade with the DBacks 2. Scout for international players 3. Call up other GMs to gauge interest in Grilli and Jim Johnson 4. See if it's best to trade Chris Johnson or DFA. 5. Fire Fredi.
Want Jason Grilli or Jim Johnson.
This week has really moved the country forward.
Republicans are trying to one up each other on this: &gt; "Today, five unelected justices decided to redefine the foundational unit that binds together out society without public debate or input. Now is the people's opportunity to respond because the future of the institution of marriage is too important to not have a public debate … As President, I will be committed to using the bully pulpit of the White House to lead a national discussion on the importance to our economy and our culture of mothers and fathers entering into healthy marriages so that every child is given their birthright—to be raised by their mother and father in a stable, loving home. I will stand for the preservation of religious liberties and conscience, to believe what you are called to believe from persecution. And I will ensure that the people will have a voice in decisions that impact the rock upon which our civilization is built." -Rick Santorum It's all about the constitution until you disagree with it. Here's a full [list](http://www.esquire.com/news-politics/news/a36025/republican-politicians-same-sex-marriage-reactions/) of reactions.
I'd guess that meant he's not facing anything that'll seriously impact his life, but still needs to be under care.
Didn't he resign, because Rizzo didn't want to renew his contract mid-season.
I never thought I'd be happy to see CJ, after seeing Terdo's misplays.
The force of the swing did it?
College at a 4 year public university in the U.S on average costs [$18,943 per year](http://www.topuniversities.com/student-info/student-finance/how-much-does-it-cost-study-us) using that 9000 pound converted is $14172.30 per year. Regardless of country that is still a ridiculous amount.
If Bryant can do it he must be able to right? The new market inefficiency.
