If I ever end up in a fight, I'm going to fight dirty. I would do everything in my power to avoid a fight, so if I end up in one, there's no way that I'm holding back. Besides, I'm weak as fuck, so I would need every possible advantage.
I wouldn't go so far as to say that it's dead, but it's nothing like what it used to be. I'm fairly new to photography (7 years experience), and I'm actually a professional, working for someone else. I still have so much to learn that it can be a bit discouraging. At least it is until I remember just how much I love shooting...
No kidding. I was once taking bird photos, and I ended up with about 3,000 shots. There were about 20 that were actually worth posting to Facebook, and only four or five that I would consider to be really good.
Thankfully, MN has a law that allows you to run a red if it is safe to go, and if it's been red for an unreasonable amount of time. I'm pretty sure that 11 minutes counts as "unreasonable".
Even worse is when people think that it's acceptable to mess with your computer when you're trying to use it. I yelled at one of my friend's brother, because he tried to shut my laptop when I was using it. I mean, not only is it really irritating, but it's possible to damage the screen, and that would be a very expensive and time-consuming fix.
Yoyogi is such a beautiful place...
I live in Minnesota, and I'm always amazed by how much people struggle in the snow. I get that learning handling intricacies may take a while to learn, but it doesn't take an F1 driver to understand that flooring your car from a stop on ice is not a good way to get moving.
Pilots are awesome people. I might be biased though, since a ton of my friends' parents are pilots.
I've hit 47 on my road bike, and I know people who have topped 60. Someone in my club even crashed at 50 once. They ended up with a pretty serious concussion, but apparently the helmet saved their life. Plus, call me weird, but I actually think that they look pretty cool.
I'd probably try to demonstrate some math theorems. Showing the Pythagorean theorem should be fairly simple to do, and there shouldn't be any communication issues. I suppose that the internet could also be a good way to turn. Just google "Math visualizations", or something similar.
I don't know, it works for audio issues for me.
Wow, that sounds like a great program! Are there any disadvantages to it?
That's not really a disadvantage, though.
If the steering column is still there, what's the point of the drive by wire? What sort of benefits does it offer?
It's just incentive to not crash! /s
It definitely is. The squared off inner parts of the tail lights give it away to me.
I guess that I disagree with you here. My parents have a '15 Forester. The interior isn't anything too exciting, but I wouldn't say that there's anything wrong with it either.
They do occasionally do accident reconstructions, but only for extremely severe accidents. If you were in one that bad, I doubt that the cars would be able to move anyways.
Let me guess, it proves the Spanish translation accurate?
That's pretty cool! I wish that my school had a team, but we're way to small...
It always irritates me how the beetle doesn't flip because of the way that the wheels are turned.
That was my first thought, too! Possibly Paris-Brest-Paris too, but that's a lot shorter.
Your car not wanting to start... It's getting cold enough here in MN that I'm not positive that my car will start tomorrow...
Honestly, I feel like it's justifiable when there aren't any legal channels to get it through.
Would you be willing to give more details? This sounds like a pretty interesting story.
You know it's bad when you have to scrape the *inside* of your car's windows. Air temp where I am is -14 right now, and the windchill is supposed to get to below -30 by Tuesday...
I'm not sure where you're getting that number. According to this report from the US department of Housing and Urban Development, there are "only" around 47,000 homeless vets in the US (skip to page 50) https://www.hudexchange.info/resources/documents/2015-AHAR-Part-1.pdf I don't see why we can't take care of both groups, to be honest.
I really want to try this on one of the Great Lakes freighters sometime.
That works for me!
Oh, I didn't mean for it be a challenge. I just thought that it was funny how easy it is now.
No worries!
"You're not a Non Governmental Organization, you're Non Governmental Faggots!" That was honestly the best that he could come up with?
I just felt bad for him when I saw the DeVry part. Hopefully someone enlightens him to how terrible of a choice that would be.
Does anyone know whether this will actually damage the car?
I'll second the other person, with their grappling hook idea. Also, when you start getting close, lay down and crawl across the ice. If you spread yourself out, it makes you less likely to crack the ice.
Gulf Oil did it long, long before. http://www.gt40gulfliverycars.com/images/800_Gulf_trio.jpg
I don't know. It's a little long, but it's pretty easy to understand, and it gives a lot of info.
Great point. It might seem to be alright to let it go, since there was no damage, but what happens if he does the same thing, only into traffic? Or over a pedestrian?
Also, you should always try to move over if you see a stopped or disabled vehicle. Provided that it is safe for you to do so, of course. You won't help them at all if you hit someone else and spin out into them.
I don't think that he hit the car. I'm pretty sure that he just fucked his car up on the curb.
I'm 18, and I know that I could do better than the guys in both videos. Mostly because I wouldn't be driving like an absolute dumbass.
What year Quantum do you have? I've got a 2000, and I absolutely love it.
You know an accident is bad when a 40 car pileup is the small one...
Was that once a treadmill?
Nice! I also have an '04 Attitude XV. It's kind of funny, the bike that I was riding before I bought the Quantum was a Litespeed Classic. I guess that we just have similar taste in brands!
My dad's desktop is a 2009 HP office tower, which only has VGA ports. He has an ASUS PA248Q, with it though, which is a 1920x1200p IPS panel. It's kind of a waste, but at least it should last well for his next upgrade.
Just what I was thinking. What if someone had stepped out from one of those driveways?
Yeah, I doubt that any of my friends would care. I mean, we all lay in a big pile when we're watching movies together, so I doubt that a hand on the shoulder would matter. Still...
Ouch, that looks like a pretty nasty impact.
It really ought to be called the Toyota Wetlands, because there aren't going to be many Tundras left after these things have been on the road...
Plus, I believe that most doors open outwards...
Why not try several? You don't have to give a ton of space to each of them.
Enjoy your lung cancer!
They could always just drop it somewhere random, and have someone else pick it up later.
I was once buzzed by a truck with a license plate that was remarkably easy to remember. It was a standard plate, but the letters were NME. If you read them out loud, you see why it's so easy to remember.
It says "no less than". I wonder how tall of a pole you could make?
If I lived in Missouri, and if that law passed, I would get the biggest flag possible, and write "Fuck Jay Houghton" on it. Probably immature, but so is this law.
There are definitely bad cops out there, but to assume that all cops are bad does a disservice to all of the good ones.
I don't think that there are any cars on the road that weight as little as 1000 lbs. Believe it or not, I'm pretty sure that the American average is closer to 4000!
Yeah, I assumed that much. I just think that it's amazing how much cars weigh!
I just looked it up, and the current Smart Car weighs 1,940 lbs!
Thankfully MN has no such laws.
I have a profile for my mouse where they're mapped to some of the keys on the side. It's actually really useful for my work.
How do you like it? I was seriously considering one, but I ended up getting the Thinkpad X1 Carbon. I have to say, the Spectre in black and copper may be one of the sexiest machines that I've ever seen.
My X1 Carbon is very similar to a Macbook Air in many ways, but I get a larger screen in the same footprint, and it is much, much tougher. It is MilSpec certified in 8 areas, while the Air isn't in any.
I'm not the person who you asked, but I can also provide some insight. I'm a photographer, and I also do some video. Unfortunately, quite a few of the programs that I use aren't on Linux, so I use Windows quite a bit more. And while available programs might not be a good judge of an OS, it's what dictates which one I use more than anything else.
Wow, two for one! We get both /r/amibeingdetained *and* /r/iamverysmart !
I'm a photographer, and I'd kill for a second monitor. I stuck with just a laptop for now, though...
These read like an alternate version of Ubuntu naming conventions.
Maybe I'm missing something, but almost everyone who's serious about biking wears a helmet.
It can actually be a lot of fun. That said, I personally wouldn't be comfortable riding near traffic in the snow.
I know! My tires are loosing traction, so I'll just floor it to make them spin faster!
I mean, when I worked at McDonalds, my bosses never wanted people to show up early. Because they didn't want to pay extra, they wouldn't even let you clock in early. Same for staying late. How out of touch could he be?
I mean, just ask your parents for a small loan! One million seems reasonable...
Do you know whether your bike is alright? It was great seeing the people checking up on you.
Absolutely awesome alliteration!
I'm friends with the owner of the local Bianchi dealer. I'll have to show him this! I'm sure that he'll get a kick out of it.
Make it brown, and while you're at it, why don't you add AWD?
My Klein Attitude XV was advertised with three bottle cage mounts. Why you would want one there on a mountain bike is beyond me, though...
It took me quite a while to catch it too...
I'm not so sure about everything being a ripoff. I got my G502 there, and it was $25 less than on Amazon.
Here's a car made by the same people doing just that: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zxe_DqAkeAk
But it's in a waterproof bag! /s
The fish was pretty funny.
Link?
Once the air gets under, there's not much that you can do. In a similar vein, check out these videos: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZXZaAuyuYmQ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g8XxQkXCmsU
Thanks!
Reminds me of this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JOVKtNdV7_w&amp;feature=youtu.be
IIRC, he's a bit of a hike in, so carrying them out would be pretty difficult.
Precisely! My dad's an air pollution engineer, and he always complains about people overlooking this.
Because the sound adds to it.
I was with you right up until the hourly wage part...
Same here...
I worked a McDonald's during high school. I always did everything that I could to be helpful and polite, and it always made my day when a customer complimented me.
Are you working in a chain though? I just ask because a lot of chains have much stricter rules. I would have loved to be able to give away stuff when I was working at McDonald's but there's no way that we would be allowed to do that. We did have theses things on Fridays where every 50th car would get their entire order free. Obviously we wouldn't tell them until after they ordered, but it was still pretty great. My favorite one was seeing a family who was obviously a little tight on money come through. The ordered a decent amount; their total would have been around $40. The look on their faces when I got to tell them that their order was free made my whole week.
I found a different sort of chocolate-hazelnut spread that's not quite as bad for you. I was a bit ambivalent about trying it at first, but it turns out that I actually like it better without as much sugar.
This is a perfect example of why a poorly-managed/poorly-designed bike lane can be way more dangerous than none at all.
Just my hypothesis, but kids are always taught the dangers of roads, so they try to get across as fast as possible.
Yeah, the one who hit the car had some fairly severe injuries, but he made a full recovery. http://www.sbnation.com/lookit/2015/8/10/9126855/cyclist-crash-tour-of-utah-support-car-video
Well, for all we know, the poster was one of those people.
I memorized my library card number a few summers ago, because I was using it so much to check out books. It's 13 digits long, and I mix it up to form the base for some of my passwords.
Thanks for the giveaway! I'd like to enter for Battlefront II!
The extra mass made it so that the cammer was unable to stop in time. /s
I had to look up MOVE, because I wasn't familiar with it. I swear, my blood pressure went up just reading the Wikipedia article. I think that this current situation is one of the clearest indicators of racism that I've seen in a long, long time.
&gt;the county has stopped plowing and de-icing roads in some areas since militants took the refuge &gt;the state police Twitter feed blamed icy roads for the accident So, how's reducing government influence going for you?
I'm so used to reading BLM as black lives matter. It took me a while to realize that you meant the Bureau of Land Management.
That could be pretty hilarious. Black Lives Matter takes over the land of the Oregon Militia in order to "Return it to the people"
/r/nottheonion
No kidding. At first I was worried that I was going to see them die, but thankfully, that wasn't the case.
I ride a ton, and it amazes me just how many people pull out in front of me. I tend to ride at a fairly high pace, often matching the flow of traffic. The worst one that sticks out to me is when an idiot in a pickup pulled out in front of me when I was going around 30mph. I was only about ten feet from t-boning them, which could have easily landed me in the hospital...
You sound like an incredible person.
Yeah, my manager and the owner are really, really smart people (My manager is working as part of getting her Masters) , and they realized that annoying the customers isn't the brightest idea...
Thank you! For some reason I wasn't able to get flash installed on my browser, so I wasn't able to watch their video...
My guess is that it was even hotter than a house fire. That was a lot of stuff going up in flames...
You can get a used one for a shockingly low amount of money. Here's a Boxster for just under $11,000: http://www.hemmings.com/classifieds/dealer/porsche/boxster/1656056.html
But the poster assumed that they were supporting them... I feel like posting the ordinance, then offering a basic, non-confrontational explanation may be best.
The free market will decide for us!
Yeah, maintenance will bite you in the butt if you go for a cheap used sports or luxury car. Still, they aren't quite as expensive as one would expect...
Yeah, it's a remarkable echo chamber in there. I don't know why I actually thought that it would be interesting... Someone took the time to write out a great comparison between the NHS and the current American healthcare system filled with citations and sources, yet it's getting completely ignored. But a complete lack of regulation and support is better, because I heard about a doctor who doesn't like the ACA. Never mind that all of the doctors who I've talked to support it. They actually seem to care about their patients, and want them to get affordable treatment.
Also, I used to love the idea of AMAs, because the offered the opportunity for normal people to ask questions. However, the purpose is entirely defeated when the figure just ends up talking about memes and stale Reddit cliches while the reasonable and hard-hitting questions end up downvoted to the bottom and ignored. As much as I love this website, it can be absolute shit in some areas. AMAs are best suited for entertainers, not politicians.
The XPS 13 has an incredible reputation. I'd also recommend checking out the Thinkpad X1 Carbon, which I have. It's more expensive, but you can usually find coupons to bring it down to a similar price. I have a few friends with XPS 13s, and it seems like our computers are pretty much the same quality. The X1 is MIL-SPEC certified, too.
It's insane just how small computers can be made! I was wondering how small you could make a desktop if you just made it out of Ultrabook internals. My X1 Carbon already feels tiny, so I wonder what it would be like without a keyboard, screen, or battery.
That's not at all how physics works...
Also, they're fairly inexpensive to both install and repair after an accident.
The other answers are great, but I might as well toss in my two cents. Quite frankly, you don't really want to try a hill in conditions like this. But if you find yourself in this situation, do everything gradually. Braking, accelerating, and steering all need to be very gradual and deliberate. Also keep in mind that you want your tires rolling over the road, not sliding or spinning. Either way, you have very little traction...
How is it possible to get that, when you're trying for a pig?
That cameraman was pretty much the opposite of the typical one. They were off target until the crash happened, when the locked on, and kept it there, despite being zoomed in.
If I ever got rich enough to build a serious car collection, my parents' current Civic would be one of the first things to buy. Even though it wouldn't be special to anyone else, it's the car that I learned to drive in, and that I drove for a few years. I just have a certain emotional attachment to it, and I'd love to be able to keep it forever.
I learned my lesson my Junior Prom. Senior year, I went to Macy's during a sale. I got a decent three-piece suit for $130, tailored and everything. It fits pretty much perfectly, so it obviously looks worlds better than a shitty loose rented tux. Plus, it cost $40 less than a rental, and I get to keep it...
It's often even cheaper to buy a decent suit and get it tailored than to rent a tux. That shit got really expensive.
Do you have any idea as to how deep it is? I'm kind of curious...
That makes sense. Thanks for the explanation!
"I blacked out my tail lights so they work less!"
If I had a ton of money, it would be kind of hilarious to stance a Smart.
"I swear I'm a farm boy!"
Washington? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l7iVsdRbhnc
Goes cross-eyed.
That's what I was thinking!
There's apparently a sewer main right under it, so it would be too expensive...
She did lose her license for a month, but still...
In 6th grade, some students from my school were on a field trip when someone ran a stop sign and hit the bus. No students were hurt, but the driver was killed instantly.
Even if you can't do a full lock-out tag-out, get as close as you can.
Oh man, my Environmental Studies class has been really hard. I know significantly more about engineering than most people in my class, and I've had to bite my tongue so much. I don't want to be "that guy", correcting everyone all the time, but it can be hard to avoid sometimes...
I would be so fucking pissed if someone put a bumper sicker on my car.
Thanks! I actually did a little bit of digging and found it, but I really appreciate the link!
Have you ever seen Stanley Roberts? He's a TV reporter who did a very similar thing in California. Here's his channel: https://www.youtube.com/user/TVman1981
That would be interesting to see in the desert!
Yeah, here in the US, school buses operate a bit differently from other types of buses. I don't think that any other types have the ability to stop traffic.
I just looked up the laws for Minnesota, and the minimum fine is $300. That's a pretty hefty chunk of change!
IIRC, websites like this are called "Typo squatters"
From the name, I assume that that is a system that selectively disables cylinders to help fuel economy. Is that correct?
...so like 5 USD? /s
No kidding. It even looks like the woman in the middle is pointing the gun at the guy she has her arm on...
Yeah, but that's $250 Canadian, so what, 25 cents in freedom dollars? /s I actually checked, and it looks like the real conversion is that $250 Canadian = ~$175 US
I actually use mine ~95% of the time when I don't have a mouse with me.
I have a Macintosh Classic II at home, and it only has 2mb of RAM...
Minnesota here, and I've not had issues. -40 with the car stored outside over the weekend, and it still started immediately...
That only works with manual transmissions. Here in the US, where I assume that person is from, automatics are way more common.
My biggest regret when it comes to driving was not learning stick before we sold our old car. We replaced a '96 manual Civic with a '15 CVT Forester. I love the Forester in pretty much every way, but I really would like to know stick...
That's my plan, but it will most likely be quite a while before I get a new car.
Great idea until he hits someone innocent.
Minneapolis: 1966 Turner MK III http://minneapolis.craigslist.org/wsh/cto/5415047564.html 1999 Isuzu Vehicross http://minneapolis.craigslist.org/hnp/ctd/5398614622.html 1967 Dodge A100 http://minneapolis.craigslist.org/ank/cto/5409155036.html 1969 Dodge Charger Daytona http://minneapolis.craigslist.org/wsh/cto/5408696023.html
The pop up on my 50d hasn't been deployed since I bought it used, 4 years ago. I kind of doubt that it was used much before, either, as I bought it from a pro who had just moved up.
I've been an enthusiast since I was 12, and somewhat of a professional for the last few months. Last summer, after graduating, a family friend asked me to shoot her wedding, and even offered to pay me a decent amount. I turned it down, because I know that I don't have the necessary gear or skills to do them justice. I would have felt really bad taking payment for my level of skill. They ended up hiring a much better photographer at my advice, and they got a bunch of great photos.
My family has been using roof racks for years, and there's never been a single issue. I always give my bikes a good shake after mounting to check to make sure that they're secure, too.
Just put on civilian night vision!
They actually submitted this as a link, so they can't add a description.
&gt;German John Degenkolb suffered a partially detached finger. Hopefully he makes a full recovery. I cringed pretty hard reading that.
I'm sure that it's totally useful and necessary on the campaign trail...
Hey, my mom used to be a professor there!
Don't go hating on KRON! Stanley Roberts is awesome!
I think that bicycling is actually a great comparison. Even though bikes are typically slower and less safe than cars, they still have access to the majority of roads. I wouldn't be surprised if autonomous cars eventually had some sort of superhighway, where they take advantage of adaptive cruise control and such to move much faster and closer, but I'd be surprised if manual control was completely removed.
There was one Aston Martin that was scrapped as part of the program, though... Still, I think that the program was, for the most part, good.
I cut my old tubes up and use them as chainstay protectors on my mountain bike. It's not the prettiest, but it works really well.
Yeah, I assumed as much, but it just reminded me of the comparison.
Eventually everything but the shell is shaken to bits, leaving just the metal shell bouncing in place...
I was afraid that she was going to lean in and catch her hair on fire.
This is the perfect use for a sticky comment!
That's a great comparison! Fairly affordable, but quite reliable. I wonder what cars my Kleins would relate to.
People seem to forget that the speed limit isn't a requirement...
I mean, that's really impressive if they actually made it, but that doesn't excuse how weird it would be to wear it every day.
My neighbor once came off his bike on a turn and caught his leg on the chainring. He ended up getting 90 stitches, as it cut from right above his ankle to right below his knee. Apparently he was pretty close to severing his Achilles tendon.
Velocipede master race!
Or privilege of any manner, really.
Or, how about the people who try to tell me that since I can't get to the speed limit on my bike, I can't ride on the road... Never mind that I usually can, and I've even managed to hit triple the limit in some areas...
Yeah, I'll occasionally ride two across, but my group always has an eye or two back, and we'll move over when we see a car. Occasionally, there are a few roads in my town where it isn't safe to pass wherever we are, so we stay in the middle of the lane, but we'll move over or even pull off if possible. People who ride without lights at night are idiots. You often even see them riding in all dark clothes against the flow of traffic. I've even yelled at a few people like that when I've been out riding.
Not that I'm necessarily condoning it, but a small chunk of ceramic from a spark plug can apparently be really easily be thrown through a window...
Google does have their own proprietary cars, though. https://www.google.com/selfdrivingcar/
&gt;That spell looks dangerous. Keep your distance. walks closer
I've done 45mph on my road bike, and it was insane how fast it felt. I can't even imagine what that would be like on a longboard.
You must not be familiar with Thinkpads. The P70 can be configured to be around $8,000...
Kinect is pretty good for parties, though. My old 360 is always a hit with Dance Central.
Actually, friction force doesn't rely on surface area. Only the normal force (pretty much equal to mass in this case) and the coefficient of friction matter.
My family could probably manage to buy cars more frequently, but we usually wait until it's really necessary to replace one. We bought a new Forester two falls ago when our '95 Civic crapped out. The last new car before that was an '07 Civic, when our previous car was totaled in a hailstorm. I'm 18, and I can only remember my family buying a car twice.
I don't know about where you are from, but traffic tickets make very little money for the city. Most income is from taxes.
Mistakes are fine, so long as they are made right, which it seems like you're doing here.
Honestly, the occupiers themselves are claiming that he wasn't surrendering! Shame on that representative.
Yeah. Unfortunately, there will be those who run with that claim, despite the other accounts. A lot of the damage has already been done. I just hope that the majority pick up on what the truth really is.
I just wish that it didn't have to. I'm especially disappointed in the Representative who spread the story about him being shot with his hands up.
It sounds like they will be putting new, better engines in.
