Maybe they'd be up for *Propeller*. Or, more likely, I'm going to put together a proposal for *Separation Sunday*.
Lightspeed is open! Also, I find it interesting that even though the Saturday Evening Post's contest is for Great American Fiction that evokes America, there's no explicit rule that I can see that it has to be written by an American. Heh. Heh heh. I have some work to do.
Wasn't big on the new Hot Chip but besides that this list looks pretty familiar.
That's tomorrow, yeah?
Ok, so you have an idea. Have you finished a written draft - ideally four or five - of this idea?
Same here. I tried scheduling them last time and that was a big cock up so I'm just going to tweet from my phone directly every half hour.
Pretend it's YA, because going by this PitMad thing it's the only stuff agents are snapping up.
Right? I mean, we're not talking about high art here, no matter how much Reddit tries to pretend Nolan is Scorsese. They're superhero movies - most of us could probably have written the basis of them, complete with dialogue, when we were twelve.
I've known this particular user for a while, they're a theatre writer - a playwright. Generally speaking, anyone with that kind of experience could conceivably knock out a screenplay over the weekend - it would be a first draft and would likely require some work, but it could be done. We're talking 120 pages max, nowhere near as full as a 120 page novel, and let's say half dialogue if we're doing an action-oriented piece (more for the artsier stuff). Plus, it's a 120 or so pages of superhero stuff - let's be serious here, we're not talking about stuff that you have to think really hard about. Guardians of the Galaxy was fun and all, but it isn't burdened by an overly intricate plot or weighty dialogue.
Hey hey hey woah woah woah There are some decent writers on Reddit. Hell there are some decent writers on /r/writing.
Yeah, we'll have to agree to disagree I guess.
You're right, that's not what I said. I said nothing about anything being "finished". In fact, if you'd care to read what I said, it was: &gt;- it would be a first draft and would likely require some work, but it could be done So you're arguing something completely different than what I'd originally laid out. FYI there are people who knock out the first draft of a 50,000+ word novel in 72 hours. They do it every Labour Day weekend. As I said above, they're first drafts and require work to bring them around to something salable, but people do it all the same. The first draft of a 120 page screenplay over the course of a weekend is entirely within the realm of possibility.
Isn't that the same newscaster that used to tell me about the miracle cure of acai berries?
Sorry, I guess I need to sharpen my hair-splitting knife.
Actually, I believe the technical term is "Proto-CBGB Richard Hell? Never Heard Of Him Punk".
She drove it like she stole it She stole it fast and with a multitude of casualties
/r/synthwave - for that early 80s coke-numbed nihilist feeling!
Yes, absolutely. *Darkness On The Edge Of Town* is the moment where Springsteen stopped believing in the power of redemption for his characters. His losers stayed losers, and they struggled to hang on to what they had rather than reach for more. Also, the title track is hands down the best song he ever wrote.
Hard to say. Either *Let Love In* or *Dig, Lazarus, Dig!!*. *Murder Ballads* is too obvious, *Tender Prey* comes close but doesn't quite make the cut, *Your Funeral My Trial* is brilliant but messy. *And No More Shall We Part* would normally be my answer but I'm in the mood for loud, not reflective, which cuts out *Push The Sky Away* as well, even though the title track there is easily one of the ten best songs he ever did.
Hmm. I have to go with *October Rust* because the first girl I ever loved and I used to fuck to it all the time. I feel deep down that *Bloody Kisses* is a better album, but my dick says something different, so...
This is the absolute truth. The clueless teenagers of 1996 didn't get it, but it's really a leap forward for the band.
Insomniac
*Funeral* is the safe answer, *Reflektor* is the real answer.
God, yes, he's amazing on that album.
Oh, I was joking. The only album worse than St Anger is the Black Album.
&gt;75% filler Lol WTF? *Mellon Collie And The Infinite Sadness* is all killer.
If I happen to be drunk in the afternoon - like I was today - I'll put on *Separation Sunday* by the Hold Steady - which I did today. She said always remember never to trust me She said that the first night that she met me She said there's gonna come a time When I'm gonna have to go With whoever's gonna get me the highest
As together as you can ever play a single player game. That is to say, we took turns.
I don't recall my PS2 version having split screen. Outside of those weird little multiplayer sequences you could stumble upon.
Collateral damage was allowed and inevitable, but only Elvis kills got points.
I have also achieved that...so far. The week is young and I'm already on the brink.
I feel like they're really overdone. They're familiar stories so people think they can avoid doing a chunk of work by going that route. It's like Van Halen's manager said upon the release of *Diver Down* - "When you remake a hit song you're already halfway there."
You know when you try to submit something and it takes you to another screen where it shows you that someone has already submitted the link? Pay attention to when it was submitted.
I spend a lot of time there. A lot of the time it's the usual 4chinz trollery but once in a while something sublime comes out of it.
Welcome! We're glad to see you here!
Good question, but you should post it in the AMA thread instead of making it a separate post.
Oh I've read it. Interesting juxtaposition of one writer that a huge amount of people love and feel is a real salt-of-the-earth type and another that is less widely well-regarded and is often called "pretentious" when his name comes up. *Roadwork* - all of the Bachman novels, but *Roadwork* in particular - had a huge influence on me growing up. When I sat down to write my first novel I'd originally planned it out as a sort of a Bachman novel - short, brutal, violently written, and obsessed with death and the struggle against it.
It's the /r/writing version of the duck-sized horse question.
Television - *Marquee Moon*
Whereas I was seeing FPH multiple times any time I logged in and browsed r/all
Medium rare? Motherfucker why are you cooking your steak? Fucking barbarians.
"Cut Off One Sub, Two More Appear" I suppose, until the admins get tired of the shenanigans and just start handing out IP bans.
/r/iamverysmart and /r/lewronggeneration aren't likely to start doxxing and harassing the Imgur staff. This wasn't about people finding FPH distasteful. This was about the FPH mods being fucking stupid and thinking they were above everything.
Yeah, I'm going to browse by my front page for the next few days until the edgelords get bored and move on to voat or 8chan or whatever scumhole they'll scuttle on to.
She hasn't put out anything as pop-oriented as Kala you mean. Maya was dope af it's noisy and fucked up and slams your head into the wall repeatedly. A lot of people slept on it but it's one of my favourite albums.
&gt; doxxing and harassing the Imgur staff.
#EAT AT JOES
It's about as obvious as the nose on your face. FPH was coasting along hating fat people in a really obnoxious and public way for quite a long time. Then they get into it with Imgur after Imgur decides they don't want anything to do with FPH images anymore. The Imgur staff picture is posted on the sidebar and they start getting called out specifically in FPH posts. Suddenly the subreddit is banned. Wow, really fucking weird. Must be SJWs though.
Let's put a pin in that "less moderated Reddit" idea and go with the live kitten webcam idea. I think that's the real clear winning idea here.
No great loss
It seems that many Redditors are, in fact, pathetic and sad.
&gt; They pissed off the Imgur staff by posting a collage of their admittedly overweight looking corporate mugs, after Imgur banned FPH images. &gt;They didn't track people down. &gt;They pissed off the Imgur staff by posting a collage of their admittedly overweight looking corporate mugs, after Imgur banned FPH images. &gt;They didn't track people down Are you reading what you've written, or are you just typing on auto now?
&gt;The imgur guy said to have it uploaded only and not published Would you like to try that again in English? &gt;Proves that you lack any credibility of knowledge of this situation. Oh no, I "lack any credibility of knowledge of this situation" in this **REALLY SUPER IMPORTANT ISSUE OF OUR TIME** that involves hating fat people viciously. &gt;How is linking images on their sub harassing Bud, let me tell you a little story. Once upon a time in a magical kingdom called /r/metacanada, a group of lulzy folks found themselves waging a war against a *certain power mod* because of his *typical shenanigans*. This was all well and good until their CSS wizard linked to an image of this power mod that was found in the Reddit Santa Exchange subreddit. Suddenly, the CSS Wizard found himself shadowbanned, because as it turns out **Reddit considers linking to an image of a person in order to bring attention to them in a negative fashion to be harassment**.
Story time! Once upon a time in the magical kingdom of /r/metacanada a group of fine and lulzy folks found themselves at war with a power mod who shall not be named but whose identity is probably fairly obvious. In the course of this war one of the mods, who did all of the really great CSS work on the sub, linked an image of said power mod into the header. The image was taken from the Reddit Santa Exchange subreddit, which could theoretically be considered a public image. This CSS mod found himself shadowbanned without warning or mercy, because as it turns out Reddit considers doing such a thing to be harassment.
No, if it was about people saying mean things on the internet then all of the hate subs would be banned, along with places like /r/conspiracy and /r/worldpolitics This is about hate sites that try to spill out into the rest of the internet through harassment. The message is clear: hate all you like, but keep it in your own sub.
&gt;You're just making this shit up as you go. Sure, but you're really whole-heartedly fighting for a message forum on a private website whose sole purpose was to propagate hatred for a specific group of people. I'm just killing a bit of time before I meet some friends and you're waging a campaign to save a forum dedicated to literally hating human beings that you've never met and that you'll likely never meet. Human beings whose lives will never cause any effect in your own. I'm yanking your chain, but why are you letting your chain be yanked?
I don't hate Ellen Pao because I'm not a blubbering manchild crying about how a feeeeeeeemale is impeding my god-given right to speak freely about how much I hate some group of people I've never met. I'm especially not a blubbering manchild who ignores the fact that FPH was banned because their mods refused to do anything about the users that would harass people outside of the subreddit. Or who ignores that a private company has no impetus to give you a platform to express your hatred, but that Reddit has been remarkably lenient towards hate groups *unless* they go out of their way to break the rules in a particularly egregious manner.
Oh shit, I have one. I was like ten and my dad and my best friend had a surprise party for me. It was really great at first, there were some people there I didn't really like but they were invited to be nice so that was okay I guess. There were party hats and I got a really nifty present from one of my dad's friends and another of my dad's friends baked me something special. Things were going great. Then the fucking robot cut the cake with a buzzsaw and ruined it and one of the people I didn't like picked a fight with me after trying to steal my treat. Everything fell apart but then my dad showed me my real present, a gun I could shoot roaches with. I guess it worked out okay.
What?
The robot cutting the cake should really give it away.
Have you seen the front page? Are you sure you *want* to own it?
Well, as it turns out, Redditors talk a big game but don't really get up in arms about the creeping militarization of the American police, or the loss of privacy, or the slow grind of the unending drug war, or the corruption of democracy, or the destruction of the environment. Take away their god-given right to viciously spread hatred about fat people, though, and they'll throw an epic temper tantrum whose main form seems to be heaping scorn upon Reddit's interim CEO in as racist and sexist a manner as possible. I guess the TL;DR of the whole situation would be: Things that matter? Meh. Things that don't matter? Holy shit let's riot.
Am I better than a group of people who are literally flooding the front page with "How many dicks can Ellen Pao fit in her greasy cunt?" because she took away their ability to post pictures of fat people and harass them? People who thought "Ching chong ling long" was the height of clever satire? Yes. If that makes me pretentious then sure. I'm pretentious.
Stupid internet, ignore duplicate post, downvotes ahoy
It's not as though the Reddit administration randomly and arbitrarily decided to take a stand with fat people though. The users of the subreddit in question were harassing people, under the harassment guidelines that have been in place since *at least* 2012, when I first saw them ban someone for the exact same reason as the Imgur nonsense. All well and good if the mods of the subreddit ban those users and at least pretend to adhere to site rules in good faith. These mods did no such thing and actively encouraged it by posting the harassing pictures on the sidebar of the subreddit - so into the trash it goes.
&gt; The "harassment" that people claim was borne of FPH was actually criticism of the fat acceptance/HAES movement [Nope, that wasn't it at all](http://np.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/39c0n3/cmv_reddit_was_wrong_to_ban_rfatpeoplehate_but/cs27yt4)
Except according to Reddit it is. I saw them so the exact same thing to a mod and very nearly a subreddit in 2012. Picture publicly hosted on Reddit, but the moment you use that picture to bring them negative attention *BAM*. Down comes the banhammer.
After a brief hiatus let's get back to the ongoing serialization of my novel *Disappearance* - The Clamoring Wind Obliterates All Else Edition [Chapter One](http://www.chapterfy.com/r/disappearance-chapter-one/) [First Interlude](http://www.chapterfy.com/r/disappearance-first-interlude/) [Chapter Two](http://www.chapterfy.com/r/disappearance-chapter-2/) [Second Interlude](http://www.chapterfy.com/r/disappearance-second-interlude/) [Chapter Three](http://www.chapterfy.com/r/disappearance-chapter-3/) [Third Interlude](http://www.chapterfy.com/r/disappearance-third-interlude/) [Chapter Four](http://www.chapterfy.com/r/disappearance-chapter-4/) [Fourth Interlude](http://www.chapterfy.com/r/disappearance-fourth-interlude/) [Chapter Five](http://www.chapterfy.com/r/disappearance-chapter-5/) [Fifth Interlude](http://www.chapterfy.com/r/disappearance-fifth-interlude/) [Chapter Six](http://www.chapterfy.com/r/disappearance-chapter-six/) [Sixth Interlude](http://www.chapterfy.com/r/disappearance-sixth-interlude/)
Which upcoming contest? The /r/keepwriting one? Or something else?
Yeah actually, hold on, I hadn't realized that Mush hadn't posted one, probably because the AMA had been stickied for the week. Edit: Done.
We're in the process of overhauling the sidebar, I'll add this into the flow because it's a really good suggestion.
I have never seen this band discussed anywhere outside of /mu/. What's with that?
Fair enough
She was actually the sanest person in her family, although she was kind of cracked. Her father was a white supremacist Christian Identity guy who beat her mom. Her mom was in denial about being beaten and ran a sex toy business online. Together they would go on forums and chat rooms (this was the late 90s, for context) searching for people to have threesomes with. Her oldest brother married into some Portuguese family and her dad put a hit out on him for it. Her oldest sister ran away with a wannabe rock star who spent a year keeping her tied up and tortured. When she got away from him she met another dude who seemed nice enough, but they had to spend the early part of their relationship living in a tent in a trailer park. The second oldest sister was kind of normal and is actually how I met my ex, as we were friends for a couple of years before I even met my ex/her sister. Anyway, she was normal enough but she had this one friend she would mentally torture and she ran away too as soon as she could. This left my ex alone in a house with her fucked up parents. She developed a lot of neuroses about her father and being caught smoking, drinking, or fucking, all three of which she did a lot of. She would tell her dad at first that she was going to go hang out with a big group of people in town, and while this was true what wasn't true was the innocence she sold it with. At the end of the night she would brush the shit out of her teeth to mask any smoke smell (and, let's be frank here, the smell of cum, because she was an avid swallower). Once she came out as dating me to her parents, it was actually okay - this being the country, because I wasn't mudrunning a souped up Ford pickup he figured that I was too much of a wimp to make any moves on his daughter, despite the fact that I was putting it in her 3-4 times a day. She had little, uh, quirks, though. She had no sense of shame or privacy. She once gave me a handjob through my pants in the smoking circle. We would fuck in bathroom at parties, or on someone's back porch, against the side of people's houses, in their garages, in the middle of lawns, or, failing all of that, on the floor while everyone else was trying to sleep. Once, in mid-October, we were playing pool with some people and she wanted to go sneak off into the woods nearby to get it on. When I replied that it was fucking 3 degrees outside and that we would probably die in the attempt she took this as a sign that she was getting too fat to be attractive (she was not) and locked herself in the bathroom for three hours. She once beat the everliving shit out of another girl in the middle of the street because the girl had said something "in the wrong tone". I was in a band at the time and she caused a bar brawl to break out at one of our shows. That probably wasn't so much her fault as it was the fault of the two career alcoholics who thought they were going to get with her, but still. She repeatedly claimed that she was the President of the Lorena Bobbit fan club. She once put together an elaborate humiliation prank involving 15-20 people to get back at someone who claimed he'd gotten a handjob from one of her friends. There's probably more I'm forgetting. She was a fucking whirlwind and a lot of fun and I loved the shit out of her. We're both married with children to separate people but I still think about her pretty often.
When it hit Gord's mother it was quick and vicious, a Doberman going straight for the jugular
He told her that everything would be okay, and in that moment the thin wall of the shack tore open, letting the full force of the thrashing storm wash over them.
"If I downvote everyone else, mine will be at the top!"
My wife works for a local digital marketing/advertising firm. They needed some content w/regards to music created and she thought of me because, other than fiction, that's what I do. They needed a listicle about Irish drinking songs created and I asked if they were planning on paying me. She said "No but it'll give you great exposure". God help me, I hung up on her. Apparently they are now willing to pay per piece, so there's a happy ending in all of this.
It was *okay*. It was a Lovecraft pastiche that managed to avoid using Cthulu or any of the other Elder Beings in favour of making up my own. Still had a passage from the Necronomicon though, so it was still pretty derivative.
It has its basis in a night of reading hurricane stories. This one, however, involves a career alcoholic who spends his life protecting a 600 lb woman who eats souls on instinct.
When I get home, if no one else has by then.
I was successfully followed by a bunch of porn bots. Does that count?
&gt;Spoiler: They should have skipped the operation Isn't that always the way?
Per our [3rd Rule](https://www.reddit.com/r/Books/wiki/rules), promotional posts of any type are not allowed. Please see our rules, wiki, and FAQ for a list of alternative subreddits.
So I took a look over there, because why not? Let's see: "What's your favourite fantasy series?" "ASOIAF is overrated" "I want to read but I just don't have the time lol" "I just finished reading A Confederacy of Dunces" "American Gods is going to be a TV series!" "DAE read Sanderson??" "I haven't read anything start to finish since I was a kid lol" Jesus, you may as well just stay here.
Terry Goodkind seems like he has some, uh, interesting kinks.
Best will be an interesting debate. Anyone who says *anyone* other than either Buchanan or Harding for worst is just fucking wrong. Buchanan sat on his hands and did nothing while the United States fell apart, and Harding let his friends rob the country blind.
Unless it sells like gangbusters that's it, for pretty much everyone. Write another book.
The rates are actually lower at the top end than the US. Americans have two top-end bands above ours. Sales taxes are pretty high though.
Ah, then yes. There's a real burden there.
This is true. I spend months thinking how to write what it is I'm trying to imagine in my head. Then I spend three weeks putting it down and BAM! Time to edit for another couple of months.
Tell your wife to stop by r/writing, she can "work on her novel" with the rest of us. Edit: I feel like that sentence implies something it shouldn't.
&gt;&gt;&gt;/r/writingprompts
Guy dies and relives his memories. Everything feels off to him and as he progresses things begin to glitch and fracture. He has to get control of himself or be trapped in Hell. It's a surrealist coming of age story and it's short enough to be sold as YA.
Literally. I have come forward in time to escape the fall of the Nazi regime and to spread fascism through a book page on a Mongolian spearfishing forum.
I second this, we're going to need some details or this is going to have to get 86'd. And as we all know, [there is no return from 86](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DUDnfI2RomM).
Art *is* about more than spreading the "right" message but it's a completely different thing to take a community of people and misrepresent them in such an egregious fashion. If I was to write a book about gamers and portray them as amoral, violent criminals, and it became wildly popular, I'm guessing from your previous comment that you'd be upset about the portrayal. Oh, but it's just art! Art doesn't have to send the right message, does it? So it's okay that all gamers are painted with the amoral, violent brush, right? This isn't about un-PC fantasy lives, and this isn't about people turning on the darker parts of themselves. This is about consensual kink being portrayed as rape-play, sometimes without the play part.
He just doesn't want the post-apocalyptic society to be a bunch of goddamn freeloading commies, that's all. Also he's perfectly willing to go down with the ship, so to speak, despite the fact that he is one of the two major reasons why this metaphorical ship goes down in the first place.
I feel like this is the sort of thing I should remove. But it's George Saunders. So just this once I'll allow it.
I'm going back and forth on whether to remove it or not. On one hand, it's inane. On the other, it doesn't technically break any rules I can think of, and it's hilarious.
Yeah. Normally it would be the sort of post I wouldn't even notice, tbh, because it's pretty average and is just trying to start a discussion. But OP reported everyone who wouldn't play with him, so here I am.
Don't forget his almost-Pulitzer.
Chrysanthemums isn't under 400 words but it *does* pack a lot of emotional heft into a short area. It's a master stroke of efficiency in prose. Bradbury's funny. Everyone acknowledges him as a master of the short story but everyone has a different one they like to point to in order to prove it. For me it's [There Will Come Soft Rains](https://docs.google.com/file/d/0BzbtlcAsIeTnTlNmSnhOV010bHM/edit?pli=1)
Truly this is the darkest timeline
St Catharines here, can confirm. 1/8 oz is a half quarter. Also extends up into the 519 out London way.
Shut up and go see it. First of all your concepts are different enough from the film that I think it'll be okay. Second of all it is hands down the best film Pixar has made to date. I saw it in a sneak preview for the Niagara Integrated Film Fest and it had me in tears several times
"I'll have three and a half grams, please"
"You and your friends aren't as clever as you think you are. Also it's 2015 and D&amp;D has been dead since 3.5."
George was known to DM with loaded dice.
I approved this but I have heavy news for you: the Reddit admins have shadowbanned you for god only knows what, so all of your posts will go into the spam filter. You'll want to contact them and sort this out if you want to continue using this account.
Strange Horizons probably doesn't get a lot of those stories, tbh. Given that they're a speculative fiction magazine and all.
Because we're on Reddit, obvi. Like, duh.
\&gt;Clockwork Orange, 12 Angry Men, Rosemary's Baby \&gt;Shallow and poorly made Says it all right there. You're probably that one guy in class who thinks he has nothing to learn and that he's only there to wow everyone with how brilliant his ideas are.
Given OP's list of what they consider well-made vs poorly made films above, I think it's safe to say that the professor is in the right on this one.
&gt;The Clockwork Orange — Children of Men Yeah, no. Children of Men is a wonderfully made movie, but Kubrick outclasses Curaon without effort. Also I'm not sure what you mean by equivalent, other than they're both based on books and set in England. &gt;12 Angry Men — Runaway Jury Mmmm, Runaway Jury is heavy handed. The cast makes it seem better than it really is, and with four scriptwriters expanding on a fucking Grisham novel it takes what should be a pretty explosive story and makes it drag. &gt;Rosemary's Baby — The Ring / The Grudge Holy fuck, you're not actually serious are you? Like, you're trolling here, right? If you seriously 100% think either The Ring or The Grudge are smarter and better made than Rosemary's Baby then you should quit film school right fucking now.
My sweet fucking lord, you're serious, aren't you? No, you can't be. Rosemary's Baby isn't about "scary scenes". It isn't a movie you thread with jump scares to make the teenyboppers spill their popcorn and clutch their dates. It's a movie that emphasizes creep and dread. It's meant to build up an image of a regular young pregnant couple in the city, isolated in a way because of the anonymity of city life, who slowly get caught up in psychological horror and madness. It's meant to make you disturbed, not jump in your seat. You're in film school, right?
This guy hasn't seen the Corner Gas movie. It's an extended Corner Gas episode. If that appeals to you, see it. If it doesn't, don't. I enjoyed it, FWIW.
Yeah, I think people would have seen it regardless of who it was starring, because it's been a long time since a Jurassic Park franchise release and there's been extensive myth-making regarding that franchise in the interim.
Or Wes Bentley's character in American Beauty - the weirdo that films everything and sells dynamite weed but is tender and has a romantic heart.
It was a satire of propaganda war porn.
She's absolutely wrong. Unless she's a once-in-a-generation savant, I suppose. I'm guessing she's probably not, though. To write well you need to read not only other fiction (to see what's been done out there, and how other people think, and to give you ideas on form, structure, narrative, etc.) but also non fiction. My wife is inches from her master's in political theory and I've read the reading list along with her; it's informed a lot of the ideas and structures I've formed in my writing over the past couple of years. Reading academic stuff - history, philosophy, literary criticism, sociology, etc. - will give you a broader idea of what underpins the worlds and characters you're writing about.
?? Pitchers of beer are practically dirt cheap in Toronto. You can get Steamwhistle or Amsterdam Blonde for $10-13 a pitcher. Stop drinking at stockbroker bars.
Fuck Tyler, where's Earl?
You need to get your priorities straight.
This passage is overdone. But: I'm not a "gun nut" (I'm Canadian, I'm not allowed lol) but I do like that if an author has his characters carrying guns then they at least have some basic knowledge on those guns. Especially when it comes to simple things that have an effect on the story, like clip size and rate of fire.
Titles are a thing I spend some time on, or I just grab phrases that resonate with me. One of the two. *Disappearance* was fairly obvious, since it was a book about what happened after most of the population vanished. *Prospero's Half-Life* was a little trickier. "Prospero" came from Prince Prospero in Poe's *Masque of the Red Death* - since my book was about a post-plague situation it seemed to fit. "Half-Life" refers to the fact that the book takes place over 25 years, or about half the time it would take for a working, stable society to re-emerge from the panicked anarchy that would result from an apocalyptic pandemic. *I Was Never Here* is a phrase from someone I knew in college. He slept with a girl, turned on the lights, said "This never happened, I was never here", and left. I reappropriated it into a story about a man that dies and then relives his glitching, fracturing memories. My work in progress is an Aristocrats type joke: what do you call a couple of successful young folks who hang out with the seedier elements of the city, engage in sexual promiscuity, coerce their new friend into being their drugged-out third partner in increasingly violent sex games, and possibly maybe are killing homeless people and immigrant women? Why you call them *Normal People*!
Oddly, I get incredibly annoyed when people don't describe *enough*. I hate barebones prose. I don't fucking care that much about your plot that it's all I want to read. Johnny did this. Then he went and did that. "Jesus," Johnny said, "I better shoot that bad guy." Johnny shot the bad guy. What the fuck is going on around him while he does all of this? What is he smelling? Blood? Smoke? Are there flowers in bloom somewhere nearby? Is the cloying scent maybe a little distracting? What is around him? What do the surroundings look like? Can he hear anything else? Paint me a picture. I want to see the world you're writing about. I *would* actually like to see what colour the shoulder shrug is, because it's a detail that lets me see into the world the author is imagining. If I just wanted to follow a plot, I'd go see a movie. I hate this idea that all things must serve the plot, as though we're all just a bunch of glorified screenwriters who've decided that writing a book seems like a good way to make a quick buck. What's your hurry? Catch your breath.
Screenwriters avoid detail and descriptions because that's the job of the camera and the director. Screenwriters don't need to write description as it's unnecessary. Writers don't have a camera or a director, or a visual medium at all - they have to provide details.
Except this isn't the U.S.-Mexican border. It's a train that runs through Central America.
See, again this is more "all things must serve the plot". What if the character wears purple because it's their favourite colour, or because it complements her shoes? What if colour is a focus of your voice but it doesn't equate to an overt foreshadowing of some future event in the plot? What if it isn't some constructive element like "only the Tsarina may purple" but it sets a mood when contrasted with the other colours in the scene?
You know, there is a middle ground between "Only tell me plot elements" and "overwrought purple prose", right? Telling someone the colour of an object is hardly "purpling up the prose". I mean, if you're only interested in following a plot, why are you reading a book in the first place?
Oh boy. That said, I have to ask the one thing everyone else will ask: is their money involved, or no?
Villain is kind of a loaded term. There's certainly an antagonist: change. Riley is blocked in her goal to live the equivalent of her happy life back home in Minnesota because her family situation changed: they moved to San Fransisco and now live in a cruddy apartment in a city where she has no friends and her beloved hockey team doesn't exist. Every time she tries to be happy, some aspect of this change prevents her. The specter of change is also Joy's antagonist. She can't accept that Sadness plays an actual role in Riley's emotional makeup so she blocks her at every step. I suppose in a way Joy is her own antagonist, although it's really resistance to change that prompts her actions. It takes her an entire journey to realize that the change she is fighting against - Sadness' influence on Riley's memories - isn't necessarily a bad thing, and is in fact entirely useful in many situations. It's actually quite a deep concept for a children's movies, since it's a direct look at the lives of normal children (as the author here points out). Children find these plateaus of stability and normality, and then have the rug pulled out from under them, because at that age their parents are often still finding their ways through their careers and the world at large. Change is the antagonist in a lot of normal children's lives, so Pixar's decision to go this route is really quite accurate.
It depends on the definition of purple we're using. I find that a lot of people consider anything other than bare, unadorned prose to be purple. If we're talking about overwrought prose that breaks out the thesaurus for every single word and injects melodrama into every sentence then yes. Yes purple prose sucks. &gt;I can't think of a single story that's been published that goes into the UV spectrum Read more literary mags. Here's [Acta Victoriana](http://actavictoriana.ca/2014-15-journal-1/) - once you read "What We Talk About In The Graveyard" you'll never be able to say that again.
That's fine, it's just one of those things that we ask for when it comes to submission calls, rule 8 on the sidebar. If you can fill in any of the other info requested there that would be excellent. For ease, I'll reproduce it here: "Calls for submissions must include payment info, estimates of circulation numbers, submissions deadline, rights requested, and publishing schedule."
Well, this implies that a): the character is the protagonist and b): I want you to root for the character in the first place. What if the economy is collapsing and the character in question is wearing a purple shrug? The purple denotes a certain extravagance that may seem callous in the austerity the other characters are facing - but otherwise it has nothing to do with the plot. It's not plot-driven, and it has nothing to do with endearing you to the character. In fact I don't want you to feel endearment towards them. Fuck them. But I don't want to *tell* you that this person is bad, because 9 times out of 10 that's bad storytelling. So they're wearing a purple shrug when everyone else's clothes are falling apart. Because they're an asshole.
If we count atmosphere as part of the story then I absolutely agree. I don't care about the price of tea but I would like to know how it tastes.
Damn, that's very true. I wonder what else can be compared between the two? ...I'll wait until Inside Out comes out of theaters before I really lose my mind on this one.
Depends on the reviewer. I would probably read an Ian Cohen novel.
Should go full balls-out bizarre with it. "I don't like it when characters have names. I prefer to pour myself into *every* character and I can't do that if they have names. Just use pronouns and dance around if you have to."
I use mine primarily for music journalism. I only post fiction related stuff if I'm being featured somewhere or I have something coming out.
Uh, excuse me, how am I supposed to drive traffic to my revenue generating Blogger site if I don't mislead people?
I think your problem is less with the Internet and more with shitty listicles. The best advice I can give any beginning writer is "don't read lists of author advice".
Well, not so much my Blogger site as selling my body through my Blogger site. 6 of one, half a dozen of the other, amirite?
Everyone has a price. I'm going to keep peeling off $5 bills until you say "maybe".
This is all the fault of those evil Serious Journal Writers.
On an unrelated note, I still get username mention notifications even though my gold ran out! Weird! Glad I could be an example, btw.
Political theory, philosophy, or sociology will put you in the same general boat as an English degree and will expand you out of the fiction ghetto at the same time. Theorizing on how people and society work helps when you're writing about people and society.
TIL Grace is an insanely stupid name
I've spent the last five years reading my wife's reading list along with her. She has a B.A. in Political Science and will have an M.A. in Political Theory as of mid-July. What of your readings interested you the most, out of curiosity?
That said, I've come to realize via /r/fantasy earlier today that my name and my username are pretty open, so you can have my website. Since I'm a mod here, disclaimer: I make no money on this site and it's pretty much just a litany of album reviews with a few long-form discography reviews which people seem to enjoy. http://trevorzaple.com
Wait, is Laughapalooza branching out?
Neoliberal or as Robert Cox termed it, hyperliberalism: a break away from the the post-1945 Keynesian welfare state model into a model that de emphasizes state power in favour of the internationalization of production, the deregulation of markets, and the free movement of capital, materials, and labour. Reagan, Thatcher, Bush, Blair, Clinton, Bush, Cameron, and Obama - as well as their counterparts in Canada, France, Germany, etc. - are all neoliberals. "Liberal" here refers to the classic political configuration of trade-favouring, laissez-faire market policy-promoting members of the bourgeoisie, a group that includes John Locke, J.S. Mill, and that booze-chugging group of fun-loving free-booting radicals Americans call their Founding Fathers.
Their agenda would rather be to eventually do away with the government except in token form. The Westphalian nation-state is a barrier to the sort of internationalization of production and labour that corporate power blocs would really like to see. Every act of market deregulation, every free trade deal, every concession towards the rights of the corporation is a step away from the state as we know it.
Well, that and we don't water our beer down with donkey piss.
I had to abandon it for the good of my mental health.
[Okay, here's the rest of the scene. I truncated it for space.] "That was not our finest hour," he says, laughing. Cassandra shrugs with a wry smile. "I don't know, I think we did okay," she replies. "We were dirt poor and we had to whore for cigarettes, but it was at least interesting. After you got a job, it got less interesting". "Is that so?" "Yes, terribly less. You got tired, you drank too much, you just wanted to fuck me and hang out with everyone else. You became just like the last guy I was into, the one who just wanted to watch my tits bounce. So I got bored, and made a move. It all turned out for the best anyway, didn't it?" "Did it?" "Of course it did. You got the warm lion-haired goddess, and I settled into the rhythm of home and hearth. Family. The routine of life. You want to have fast adventures, exciting times, but then it slows down. It always slows down, right to the end and right on through. Slows down, stretches out". She grasps his hand painfully, digs her long, ragged fingernails into the skin and sinew of his hand. "How long do you think it stretches, Andrew?" He flinches away from her. Her skin has wrinkled, her eyes have taken on a dull, bovine cast, and there are rashy sores on her neck. Her hair has become strung out and thin. She opens her mouth to speak again and a rotted, crumbling brown tooth falls out onto the bar. "Maybe it stretches out a long, long way," she moans. "Maybe it stretches out past the horizon". The bartender comes along, sweeps the tooth into a garbage can, and places another whiskey sour on the bar next to the half-drank one already present there. Andrew stares at it, not wanting to take another look into Cassandra's withered face. "Drink up," she whispers in his ear. "They want you down the street".
To be fair to Andrew, this is three-quarters of the way through the book, his traits have been established, and he more or less *is* in a state of incredulousness. Things are happening to him, and that's the problem, the conflict: he's lost his agency and if he doesn't regain it, he's lost forever in a fractured, nonsensical hell of memory fragments. So it is sort of an extended hallucination, the whole book is - not to this extent, of course, you have to slowly acclimatize people to it.
Truth. My wife took a job and she felt like something was off about the place but she ignored it for the first little bit. The place had very high turnover - I'm talking people in and out in three weeks - but the business was legitimate and it paid okay, so she stuck with it. In the time that she was there, the owner screamed at their graphic design person twice in front of everyone (prompting the girl to quit), left to smoke pot four times a day, flipped back and forth on what he wanted done several times per day, and lost two clients the second week she was there. Probably a red flag. Then he had her do some market research. After she presented the research, everything seemed fine. Then he emailed her berating her about how she needs to spend less time doing her job (marketing strategist) and more time writing content (7 blog posts per day, apparently, which was not at all in her job description upon being hired), and asked her where this "research" (his quotes) was. The research that she'd presented to him the week before. All this after he'd gone off on a major client two days prior about how all of the client's ideas and designs were awful. So, it's true. If you feel something in your gut about a place, you're probably right, and trying to paper over it will just stress you out.
I found it remarkably clueless, personally. He went on at one point about how the decision revealed the "true ruler" of America to be "the nine lawyers sitting in the Supreme Court". Well, Scalia, since it's their/your job to interpret the Constitution, and the Constitution is the supreme law of the United States, then...yes? This should be rather obvious?
...can I sell Reddit to the Outcasts? How many caps can I get for it?
Americans flying the Confederate flag is problematic and should be reconsidered given the history and intent behind the symbol. Canadians flying the Confederate flag are just fucking retarded.
/r/indenturedservitude isn't it?
&gt;You are not a mod here Well, in that case: **If this is a piece of writing:** This isn't the place for this sort of thing. If you want people to look at your writing, please try the [weekly critique thread](http://www.reddit.com/r/writing/comments/3bitp0/june_29_2015_critique_thread_post_here_if_youd/) or another subreddit (I'll list a few on which you may find critique below). * /r/KeepWriting (set what sort of critique you'd like) * /r/thousandwordsaday (no critique -- just sharing) * /r/DestructiveReaders (colourfully destructive) * /r/shutupandwrite (shut up. And write) * /r/WritersDustbin (again: just sharing) **If this is from your blog:** * Please consider heading over to /r/blogging or (if you think it's directly related to the craft of writing and could start a discussion on this subreddit) submitting this as a self-post. Please pay attention to rule 7. Please read the sidebar before you post. Also, check out /r/writinghub for more writing-related subreddits. *********************** In all seriousness though, you can't post your own personal blog here, regardless of how tangentially you feel it relates to the subreddit. Submit your post as a self-post instead and you may generate some commentary and discussion. People here rarely if ever read an unknown Blogger site.
Link's at the top, Brag Board 06/28/2015
Yeah, they seem to run pretty quickly when you light their cities on fire.
Well friend, if it's not your blog it's still violating rule 6, since it doesn't have enough content to provide any sort of discussion. You just posted a Blogger link with a cryptic title. Again, try a self-post with an explanation and the link at the end and you will not only be free of rule violation but you'll also avoid being downvoted into oblivion by the community. I also suggest you try toning it down a little, since most people on this subreddit don't take well to people getting needlessly confrontational.
I would steer clear of anyone who thinks there are absolutes - or "almost absolutes" when it comes to style.
Anything along these lines is feasible right up to the limits of your own skill. As long as you can do it convincingly, you can do it.
Weirder things have *not* happened.
Stellar production, wry lyrics, and a great balance between busting out on a dancefloor and crying in the bathroom stall while the bass pounds around you. It's basically music that is as relevant at the beginning of the night as it is at the sodden, weepy end. *Sound Of Silver* is easily one of the ten best albums of the 2000s. "New York I Love You But You're Bringing Me Down" is one of the most honest portraits of that city ever written.
&gt;when they headlined Pinkpop two years ago people acted like they were the best band ever or something Might have something to do with the fact that they're the best band ever.
What are you confused about?
Nile Rodgers was brought in specifically because EMI gave Bowie $17.5 million to sign and he realized that this meant he needed to give massive hits in return. So he hired the guitarist from Chic to guarantee him some hits. That's typically not included under definitions of "integrity".
**The Fairytale Review** Open year-round for submissions for the Translucency Issue, which is scheduled to be released in 2017. From the guidelines: "We are particularly interested in work that originates from authors of non-Western/European origin, and work that retells, or is inspired by, fairy tales from non-Western/European cultures. In addition, we hope to receive more work from traditionally underrepresented voices in publishing, whether that be by race, gender, class, sexuality, disability status, and more. Fairy tales have always been inclusive, and we want our journal to be representative of that tradition." and, "this issue is unthemed, although we are interested in work that addresses translucency and its siblings: opacity and transparency." Poetry/Prose: 3-5 poems, fiction up to 8000 words Link: https://fairytalereview.submittable.com/submit
**Matchbook** Looking for: Prose, less than 1000 words From the guidelines: "We look for works of short fiction and indeterminate prose. Like our name suggests, we are interested in literary art that manages brevity without sacrificing fullness. We like narrative, but we also like work that uses form to express something about the time in which we live." Pays $20 per acceptance. Link: https://matchbooklitmag.submittable.com/submit
**Betty Fedora** Looking for: Crime fiction with kick-ass female protagonists Length: 1000-6000 words Pays: One contributor copy Deadline: **03/31/2016** Link: https://bettyfedora.submittable.com/submit
**About Place Journal** Looking For: Prose, Poetry Length: Up to 4000 words, or 3 poems Theme: Reimagine The Future Differently Deadline: **03/15/2016** Link: https://aboutplacejournal.submittable.com/submit
You mean they don't have PhDs in Investigating Stupid Rumours and Email Forwards? Fuckin' weird.
God no. Who would watch that? You should livestream your storyteller act though. I would totally watch that.
I'm not a scumbag per se but a lot of my characters are, so I could probably contribute something.
I typically don't, I only include traditional credits.
Every time you click on another Rebel Media link, Ezra fucks another helpless animal. Stop enabling him. Help him get the treatment he needs to get out of this cycle of abuse. It's the Christian thing to do.
Fuck yes.
Fuck the Wynns. They once tried to claim I owed them $1500 in rent and put an eviction through on that basis. My only regret is that it was my lawyer that presented them with my receipts, because I would have liked to see the expression on Leslie's stupid face.
A weirdly large amount of people don't understand how tenancy works.
39.4% to be exact. Greece was well over 100% by the time it imploded, the Trudeau-Mulroney-Chretien axis ramped our federal ratio up to the 80s before they decided to give austerity and downloading a try.
I'M HEAD OF THE CLASS! I'M POPULAR!
Uh...how fat? Because I do this all the time.
Sure, but they should have quit long ago. Like I mean they should have stayed apart after *Pinkerton* and not sullied their legend.
Every day that passes convinces me that most of the people here spend their time commenting from the comfort of their mother's basement.
This thread makes me proud. So many of us living in the staunch Western traditions of charged=convicted and guilty until proven innocent.
Nobody outside of my phone and one troubled cousin with a history of drug abuse talks about "SJWs" either.
TIL legitimate psychology is literally tumblr. Thanks for helping me to understand. Do you have a peer-reviewed article I can peruse to further my understanding?
See this? This thing where you go off half-cocked and start angry-typing without using some basic contextual thinking to understand what I mean and who I'm talking to? This right here is why the average moron shouldn't have a gun.
Nah son, the only one who looks pent up here is you.
Pretty funny. I think it's a pretty good indication as to why the average moron shouldn't have a gun.
Just because Burgess was older and more established doesn't mean that he's untouchable. Burgess was asked to write something specific and wanted to substitute for something completely different. Any editor I know would have lost it, although normally privately and not in as spectacular a fashion as Thompson.
Wow you sure got him.
And this is pretty strongly upvoted. This subreddit has gone full retard.
