Doing it like the meta tag and content for the color a la Chrome for Android would be great although that may take time to the dev to implement and if the adoption by the subreddits moderators isn't that high will it pay off in the end?
Tier 0 won't let us down this time the deal is wrapped up lads, cock's tip slightly visible, for now...
I'm not concerned, Valdes has experience and can still perform given he gets enough minutes he sure will be a great keeper for us.
Wait, what?
This will be gone on 1.0, I saw updates on their repo today and it will load bigger files, a la Sublime Text (showing a indeterminate progress bar). Not sure about performance though.
Shall you be called Peter.
Roberto Carlos, that curve is almost impossible. He just loved to defy physics.
Banter aside, he has the right to be emotional, he played there and coached them at some point in his career. Even if he is to be sacked at the end of the season he knows the exigencies of the job he is taking and will certainly try to achieve them.
Começo a achar que ele violou alguma das filhas do LFV, só pode ter sido isso...
6M per year, let that sink in... if it's really an high investment I just hope he miserably fails.
Nice but wow that Google developers website looks really great.
Agreed!
ex vee eye eye.
Switching from Windows to Linux did wonders for me. More productivity and the command line integration is much better (remember having to add the environment path variables?)
Can't still comprehend how he turn to be so good after leaving.
Sorry but I do not agree, he is still a great defender, just gets mocked because he was unfortunate to be shamed by skilled footballers and then got that impression of average.
Get in touch with polymer team here: polymer.slack.com, there may be other guys who could give you some help too. You will probably learn better that way
If by 'offside' you mean Chellini's flesh in the stands, I agree.
I don't follow at all the match threads because not all creators take them seriously but I can't deny the banter that goes in those where OP brings the best of his dank memes repertoire alongside world class MSPaint skills.
That's what thinking in the Javascript way does for you.
For anyone trying to get in talk with the polymer team members, that's where you get an invite in your email.
I say Marco Silva would be today Benfica's head coach if Bruno de Carvalho didn't advance with his claims that he doesn't have to pay the rest of the contract to his former team coach. Truth is, he probably had this planned.
The *Matador* instinct!
Reminded me of Ronaldinho vs Bilbao. He plays much better with the national team!
What about Just A Gent?
RL Grime releasing a VIP? This is too good to be true.
If you really want this to have more exposure you should post it to /r/iama.
And I am here still waiting on the past VIPs tho...
damn fam the original was already fire af, this is straight nuclear bomb.
I understand spanish and no, "mates" doesn't mean he is learning english. But cocks out anyway.
Would be a way to explain but I doubt it is the path OP wants to go.
Don't want to make a bad impression about Notepad++ it's still a great text editor but Atom, SublimeText, Brackets offer better/more plugins (packages), the community takes a big part on this as well.
Oh then if you're looking for something free you should try implementing some kind of html parser, footballzz comes into mind.
Well we kind have one.
Surprised no one suggested Postman or Advanced Rest Client.
This guy looks like the Colombian Varane, so fast!
Too soon to write us off, Van Gaal is still probably on holidays.
Competition or nationality means fuck all mate.
Hey could you debounce the opening of posts? There are times I click twice in pictures/gifs/posts, not sure if it matters (data usage) since the app should cache those.
Great, nice to hear!
I will see, yesterday I checked the version and and I guess it was using the latest.
Fuck off 'true' fan.
Stil don't get why I'm being down voted. Glad it was sarcastic though.
There was no way we would splash this money in a kid if the scouts, manager and co didn't knew his potential. He adapted quickly to the league, shame he doesn't always get the required service.
lmao, you really did it?
Martial is a fucking beast.
Ronaldo is still very effective, despite his age I think he can easily keep playing at this level for 3 seasons.
This club and some of it's old fashioned ideas... it's beyond me.
Delusional, people shifting their opinions based in a match - seriously... We just came out from 8 winless matches, an embarrassing CL exit and poor football in overall since LvG took over Moeyes.
His problem is by sacrificing himself with the most simple situations, the lad simply has a go at it no matter what.
Tbh Rode is quite a good player... and you still need to play him to guarantee he improves his game - big potential on him.
Nowhere is safe.
I bet this one got a 0% probability, Louis said this is his last job - even his wife is mad at him for supposedly extending his stay here assuming he does well, 2016-17 is his last season coaching.
They don't give a shit by what I read...
that fucking first track, have my body based Flume
flume music knows no music genre, the lad is simply a electronic music magician
he got into melodic tunes, mat zo &amp; madeon type of music quite recently, hard hitting shit was what he used to produce.
yeah with Vince Staples, prolly named 'Lose Control', it's absolutely huge!
What's going on with him? Was being lauded as one of the best right backs in the game not long ago...
GET BACK MOTHERFKIN
Barca now reaping the fruits from the Messi Cloning Program.
we need hucci back asap
yayayayaya
bless u
No matter what we need to believe, I still like him - not so much his regression/long patch of poor form but we badly need to score.
This club's media always amazes me.
Next season, maybe.
A blessing in disguise - he's been awful as of late.
MoTM Memphis fucking Depay!
Agree with all except the shot on target (Darmian)
Equal? With how ridiculous we are playing away since LvG is the manager we would probably lose the replay.
TIL there's a football club named *Bath City*.
I don't really understand all this hatred... i'm I supposed to know from heart every single city that exists in this bloody country? Just because the city is named Bath I was trying to have a bit of fun, this place is really sour sometimes...
I would like to know about every city in this country but unfortunately I can't, I'm sorry for that. Haven't heard of Bath and there is probably much more cities unknown for me, being sincere right now.
I wasn't attempting to make a joke, we all know there are lots of controllers and customized buttons, that's why i'm asking.
I don't think one can be judged for not knowing about this city. Didn't know about it, don't really know why is it so weird to accept it - nobody is born taught.
Just by reading and imaging a testicular torsion my nuts cringed badly.
This is the second Serie A match I watch this season and was absolutely thrilled! Last minutes were so damn intense, heroics from the Sassuolo keeper but Inter didn't deserve to lose, dramatic penalty at the stoppage time.
Doubt it, we already have Herrera who sort of has the same role on our midfield.
That was hilarious.
Dude you gonna tell on his parents? Maybe Neymar can get hit wit shoe by his mom.
hm, may you consider providing some visual proof about that ass?
Don't get the downvotes at all but Loftus Cheek playstyle is very similar to Dele Alli's.
Oh yes, the tan lines and big buttocks...
lmao!
Good grief, not only the naming but the duo.
Oii Pogba, you saw that?
"touchline" the new word for LvG's seat.
For fucks sake, bloody hell.
https://i.imgur.com/1snYK0U.jpg
Tommy Trash - Luv U Giv (NGHTMRE remix) pleaaaaase 🙏🙏🙏
Cheers bot.
haha
It's Hazard, just because Chelsea is in a bad situation doesn't mean much - if he regains confidence he will be back in form.
Especially the goalkeepers, I'm shaking...
You must be new to the scene...
ok bro
Yeah that's it but the one I'm talking about doesn't have it so early on the track - just like the original but it is the second in order. edit: [yaaaas, I found it](https://www.dropbox.com/s/zcju3ajwnj8q3ri/FSS%2BLive.wav?dl=0)
looks like snapchat to me
She's absolutely stunning, ass is a 10/10.
can't wait to go full fanboy when RL follows up with smth like this
RL GRIME - FLOOD, FLOSS - ORIGINAL DON and Baauer - HARLEM SHAKE.
This is not OK and shouldn't be backed. Anyway, the fact he just lunges at the ball every time he needs to dispute it and always concedes a foul/gets carded is so recurrent I seriously believe he should work to avoid it.
Yup, it's a RIP. Credit to the guy at /r/flume, /u/whertsernert. I was surprised to not see it posted here quickly so just stepped up.
yup, and [soundcloud]( https://soundcloud.com/flume/never-be-like-you-feat-kai/s-bGEM8)
uh uh, while you're at it may be we can get the full EP? 😇
He said it! I DEMAND MORE FLUME BASED /u/xtrill
January will be fucking lit, new Flume and NGHTMRE - I will have a heart attack...
*LP
And they just equalised... Everton can't please no one for the sake of the banter these days.
Be the change you want to see.
Aaah, I heard this one on his youtube's channel. That track is fucking good.
And you did it.
damn, even the streamable video id is laughing at him. **es ke**
Pipette Up first, plz edit: xtrill delivers
Love u fam
inb4: OP got NGHTMRE's new EP link
Can put nothing wrong this guy, I seriously never seen such a quick jump and hype around a producer like this in the trap scene.
probably the guy who rolls their joints again
I don't get the appeal with marshmello, his songs are basic and share the same formula.
He got a boner as well.
He is born in Belgium.
What are those? Toad-like sneakers?
are you another intern?
This one bangs, perfect intro as well.
So are you Canadian or Lebanese?
It was during pre season, Barca are playing out of their minds right now.
Always felt uneasy with this girl, very Tori Black lookalike...
sho sho
Manuel Ferrara.
Flume - Smoke &amp; Retribution ft Vince Staples and Kucka ps: /u/whertsernert [is that you?]( http://imgur.com/KcLutcT) LOUDPVCK &amp; NGHTMRE - Click Clack Tommy Trash - Luv U Giv (NGHTMRE remix): [this](https://youtu.be/eGWTht9aYWU) 2:00 onwards
proof?
Ain't even complain, that's a given.
I have this weird feeling Mark Hughes will turn him into a beast and he will boose your midfield.
[tennyson](https://soundcloud.com/tennysonmusic) just discovered them via that Skrillex track (Stranger)
If this sub taught me correctly it is now called Bread with chor. You corrupt pleb, stop corrupting.
I still can't understand how sammy g produces such tracks, the same applies to mura masa. They're monsters.
w2c fam?
just calmly placing my sister in the negotiation table
4 replies and I was losing my belief this kind of comment would be made...
love that voice he uses in these tracks
Banta of the month, we should do a monthly census btw
That's some smoth fact. edit: *smother fact
that air wrench is insanity
It's a fucking disgrace what our club have become. I really don't enjoy this middle table team spirit.
For a make do fullback he does well, ofc you wont expect world class performances from him out of position but he does the job. He, Smalling, Martial and De Gea are our most consistent players - there's no reason to critique him like that to be honest.
Well this is actually only going to happen if a huge amount of coincidences misteriously go well.
There's no way Bellerin would leave Arsenal when they have a vhanve to win the PL plus Arsenal being a team that plays great football in overall.
How come it be kicking? Just use your wizardry.
I'm fine with that m8
The Man Utd drama train has no brakes.
In Washington.
timed transition for that good ol brag at your professor.
The fact you posted twice and I can give you double the upvotes is perfect m8!
Don't do that...
What in the fuck? There are people who really don't think before posting this kind of shit.
Phrasing
Fucking Swansea man...
Pretty sure they had their pints and co lots of times OP. Still irrelevant though...
That fits better for sure, made Louis Van Gaal his personal slut - I know our game plan is already figured out by most teams but with Monk it was different.
This is like the key change you do in FIFA, what the fuck is wrong with both teams?
Evra with the textbook FIFA interception.
I don't get why these comments get upvoted.
True, I tought his president said he would cost a fortune as well... no idea why Newcastle is a name in the table
Well if you ready to possibly pay £30m + for him.
Those are really critical and old codebases though... no way it will happen.
Wow and Microsoft actually gave it a good name.
not available for me
He is the real deal, would love to see us getting him as soon as possible, lots of clubs are already keen on him.
I'm sorry for living in Europe...
nice try rival team
Extremely inconsistent, however I think he can end being a great player with better decision making. He's still 21 after all, so that consistency may come with more games/experience.
lmao and Click Clack right below... *i NEED it*
Good times for the mexicans.
Same, was about to post a comment to argue with someone who said he hit his prime before leaving Atletico and came back out of it.
uh I tought he was injured
TIL
So how about you hand us a preview of said track dude? :) 🔥
gud, and fuck tidal man...
xTrill is always one step above us, the plebscites.
You're also the first that shazamed it
Yep that track is released earlier actually (tomorrow)
I very much doubt it will be released this week, the former is pretty likely to be.
https://i.instagram.com/zawhatthe such exquisite artwork I must say but is dope
It looks legit to me, anyone can just put the text there, that's true. [Here is the original btw](https://www.instagram.com/p/BAIpac_PGfQ/)
its going to be a lit february fam
yes it's his LP but he is actually a producer, no different than the others tho - it features hip hop artists so there's that
dunno - want it anyway tho
he was already know by the trap fam, ye harlem shake gave him much more exposure but he is really a talented producer some of his sounds are really weird but production is always on point
they are just taking the piss right now
wut theres a VIP? holy fuck
probably the best track in the LP for sure
yea we must enhance this a lil bit more
the album preview is tite, first and penultimate track are really dope but this one really sent shivers down my spine
:(
Google knows which websites you visit though
Shells is elementary
lmao at baauer creeping to the stage at the end
It's 5pm - 7pm in the UK when it premieres, yay
lots mate, nowhere is safe nowadays
