I think we should add a response against the claims that "if people can be transgender, why can't they be transracial?"
&gt; They wouldnt have been attacked if they stayed in a muslim country, and theyd be far happier, the men would just have to work and would rather survive on benefits. Are you kidding me? They'd be **happier** back home? I'd much rather take pepper spray to the face than live in a warzone, especially one where hundreds of thousands have died such as Syria. You can't work there. The entire country is in shambles. It must be nice to be able to pass judgment and say "pull yourself up from the bootstraps" when you live in your safe neighborhood in your developed country.
I feel as though reddit has become increasingly less tolerant as time goes on. Why is this?
What's your point? I pay $0.25 to get into the Met and Museum of Natural History.
Have a good day, baby cakes.
Do you think the conditions would be better without trade? It is unfortunate that the world works this way, but labor conditions improve slowly overtime, and the only way for them to improve in these countries is by developing the economies better.
Your username reveals your bias. I fear engaging you in this discussion would be pointless, since we both have our minds made up, quite clearly.
Do you have a more economical suggestion? Often times state intervention only makes things worse. And please explain it in your own words instead of linking me to a book.
How so?
Thank you for the clarification. In my experience though, many socialists seem to be under the impression that free trade harms low skilled laborers in underdeveloped countries, which I have to repeatedly show them is not true. It's frustrating.
&gt; because that would require there to be a privately held industry to intervene in Who is going to get rid of privately held industry in the first place?
Lenin's NEP failed. And I will prove quantitatively that you're wrong about demand rising for high income workers in underdeveloped countries when I can be bothered to draw graphs tomorrow.
Not all Muslims value religious homogeneity above all else.
I personally don't care. I'm more concerned about the safety of this subreddit. Don't want it shut down due to brigading accusations.
I do not understand why it is so difficult to understand this vocabulary. Do you use the word "straight" to describe a heterosexual person? Okay, then use the word "cis" to describe somebody whose gender and sex align.
No, I am pretty confident I meant cis when I said it. Normality is not a synonym for majority; it describes how the typical world functions. Since a certain percentage of our population is always going to be transgender, it is just as normal as when somebody is not transgender. Therefore normal is not a word that can only be used to describe cisgendered people, which is why the term "cisgendered" exists.
You are misunderstanding my point. It is normal for 0.3% of the population to be transgender, therefore rendering transgenderism a normal phenomenon.
The organization responsible *for defining what is and is not a psychiatric disorder*, the American Psychiatric Association, has this to say about the matter (via the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders Version 5 (DSM-5 in short, I'll only use the abbreviated form from here on out): &gt; "DSM-5 aims to avoid stigma and ensure clinical care for individuals who see and feel themselves to be a different gender than their assigned gender. It replaces the diagnostic name "Gender Identity Disorder" with "Gender Dysphoria", as well as makes other important clarifications in the criteria. It is important to note that gender non-conformity is not in itself a mental disorder. The critical element of gender dysphoria is the presence of clinically significant distress associated with the condition." In short, the people who *literally wrote the definition* of mentally disordered, 100% reject the notion that being transgender means being mentally disordered.
And you seem to be incapable of using proper, unhateful terms.
It means I don't respect it.
I don't respect arguments built out of hate, therefore I won't humor you further with a debate. Good day.
Why do people enjoy this cartoon? The acting and writing seem just as corny as the Prequels, and the plot seems to be: 1. Lacking a Star Wars feel 2. Dumbed down for children Does nobody else here hate the cartoon? Why is it canon but actual great storytelling like KOTOR is not?
I never stated the violence was dumbed down. The plot and dialogue are most definitely rushed and simplistic though.
I stopped watching that video after 20 seconds. The dialogue was unbearable. Also, the opening shot looks like nothing that'd be in Star Wars.
I actually enjoyed the Prequels a lot more than most people on this subreddit.
Urban living is far more practical and environmentally friendly though.
There is a clear difference between rape fetishes and BDSM.
&gt; whites are almost TWICE as likely to be killed by police officers. Yea, in a country where white people outnumber black people six to one.
[This](https://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/4mnqck/jk_rowling_has_described_people_who_criticised/d3x0vjr?context=1) comment is the worst to me. The implications are just terrible...
That logic rests on the assumption that anyone who gets shot by the police has committed a crime. This is false. Also, if you look at the data for UNARMED individuals killed by the police in 2015, black people were killed at a rate 5 times higher than white people. There's more to this than just crime. Take a gander: http://mappingpoliceviolence.org/unarmed/
Seriously, McAfee doing much more for the LP than Johnson.
WHAT THE FU
He clearly chose his nationality to be listed over his occupation as a joke.
They're probably Red Pillers
So is Chad the Donald Trump equivalent of this season?
But how does he feel about Mexicans?
Chad should be the next Bachelor.
How is this show not going to ruin his reputation in his career?
You sound like a newbie to TV.
THIS IS FOR AMERICA
Why is this called a burqini when it's a hijab, not a burqa?
Most of my higher-level econ professors were classical liberals or libertarians, so I'm not sure what you're trying to argue. And this was at one of the most liberal universities in the USA.
I get the pun, but it still makes zero sense.
Which is only Europe...
Maybe respect the mod's opinions to have the conversation deleted instead of bringing it up again...
You're reintroducing the discussion.
Booooooo
He got eliminated last week, so I don't think he got away with anything.
A Donald Trump supporter, nonetheless.
Jordan's basically won this anyways.
WHY MUST WE ALWAYS TALK ABOUT EXES?
Props to Well for being honest. Fuck all these fakers who made it this far.
I always wonder how much the producers and editors have an effect on who comes across as quiet. Why else would Wells have made it this far unless he had at least spoken to JoJo for a decent amount of time?
Alex has such a short guy complex. He always needs to hug first.
James &lt;3
Spoiler: he's not gonna make it
Dueling Banjos?
BRING BACK ALI
Yes.
I miss how he was an actual human.
Luke is something out of a romance novel
I don't understand the point of a two-on-one date. If these guys are that expendable, why bother keeping them at all? She's clearly not going to have a two-on-one date with guys she genuinely wants to stay...
.
I guess cause his success has been so cliche and predictable.
He's being fed lines.
How much are you eating?!
Let's bring him back.
You from the Midwest, pop drinker?
Yes.
The music lets me know what to feel.
Hahaha, I live on the border of the soda/pop divide anyways, so it's cool.
NO FUCK THIS WHY IS HE STAYING
Never heard of that, hahaha
THIS IS SO FUCKING STUPID
You and I are the same person.
He just hasn't gotten much screen or personal time recently. I'm just going off of producer cues.
FUCK FUCK FUCK NOOOOOOOO FUCK
Get rid of Alex
I am okay with this.
6*
Got some confirmation on those statistics? Any sources to back it up?
&gt; Well, they are if you don't pass a bunch of stupid laws that make everything illegal. Good one.
Which is based on gender. What you're thinking of are fetishes. It's insulting to the LGB community to put the desire to have sex with children on par with their preference in partners.
I was simply stating my take on the matter. Reddit is oddly accommodating to pedophilia, and many users seem to normalize it by prescribing it the label of "sexuality."
You don't owe your country anything.
Calling pedophilia a sexuality is normalizing it in my humble opinion.
My concern for individuals is not defined by their nationality.
&gt; Leave if you don't like it. It's not so easy to be without any citizenship. Sometimes that leads to arrest.
The cynic in me thinks that if they were to expand countrywide, they would lose their good quality and start looking like another McDonalds.
You sound miserable, to be honest.
I'm glad you know me better than me. Here I was thinking I was innocently enjoying a cute picture. The horror!
Yes, I would definitely recommend people try their best to think critically and learn how to empathize with others who think differently than them. We live in a nuanced world, my friend. Peace out!
8AM Monday through Friday for two semesters in college. I loved it. I was done with class no later than 12:15pm on my busiest days.
I'm surprised it took her this long to leave, considering the whole Roger Ailes fiasco.
The greatest SW critic of all time, who upsets fanboys everywhere as you can tell from this subreddit.
No thanks. This is a democracy. Let's allow people to elect whomever they want.
Yes.
That's clearly not what I was arguing.
But if people keep reelecting the person, why prevent that? While difficult, it's not impossible to unseat an incumbent if the constituents are upset enough with them.
Because representation in Congress is structured so that people are represented geographically. It therefore makes sense to elect people that live within your state over outsiders within the purpose of Congress. Age limits do nothing to further that purpose. If anything, they limit the constituents' choice for who can represent their district/state. This seems like a poor slippery slope argument. But to be honest, if the majority of people from Nevada elected a person from Massachusetts to be their Senator, I wouldn't care.
What's wrong with gloves?
Yes.
Gender studies is not necessarily a social science if the scientific method is not applied to its research. This is highly contingent on each individual academic within the field, of course. The same can be said for what I studied in college (international relations). My department treated it as a science, and I therefore was spending my senior year running many econometrical models for my thesis. However, I had friends at other schools studying the same field whose theses were largely investigative and required no quantitative reasoning - I would regard this approach as falling under the humanities, not the social sciences.
American high schools often let out around 2PM.
Haha, gloves don't really prevent calluses too much, and that's not why I personally wear them. I know the pros and cons, and I still choose to wear them when I do any deadlift. Wearing gloves for other lifts is pretty questionable in my opinion.
My main point is that science necessitates testable hypotheses. Sorry if that got lost in my paragraph.
Well, it was a slice of life film. There was definitely a resolution of sorts regarding the living situation of the kid, but Casey's character is definitely still left in with the disturbed mentality he had in the beginning. We see that he leaves himself open to remaining active in his nephew's life by getting an apartment with another room, and then as an audience we're left to wonder how their relationship will progress, and how the protagonist will, if ever, overcome his demons. It's certainly not a closed end film.
It's cool. We can't all like the same genres.
It's not unusual though for people to prefer the culture under which they grew up.
Crime exists everywhere. El Salvador has some of the worst in their world, yes. But that doesn't define its culture from culinary, artistic, and traditional perspectives.
It's better than Gaza. You can avoid daily threats of missiles in Egypt.
All the cases you list did not result from free and fair elections. There are also plenty of safeguards in the US government to prevent a dictatorship - we are not comparable to Venezuela. You're using a bogus slippery slope argument. Also, the US Constitution was developed by the government, and therefore anything prevented within its words is through the transitive property being prevent by the government. That's authoritarian.
I think we're dealing with two definitions of "culture".
Well, people look back on the past with filtered lenses.
&gt; "Authoritarian" is nothing more than a smear or slur that Statists use to smear or vilify anyone who doesn't follow their ideology. There is a lot of irony in this statement, haha. The fundamental error of your argument is you presume that no term limits means people can serve indefinitely. This is not the case. They can instead only serve however long the population wishes them to serve. If we prescribed term limits, Congress will just turn into a mid-career bureaucracy for wannabe secretaries, governors, and Presidents to get their name out there. Congressmen would finally have an excuse when they don't get all they promise accomplished, just as the President currently does: "I didn't have enough time." Instead, have no term limits continually rewards politicians who actually please their constituency. And again, it prevents the government from blocking a favorable candidate from being on the ballot. Also, our Constitution is maintained and amendment by government, but this comes down to a battle in semantics.
My old boss came up to me a week after the shooting occurred and started going off on how Obama faked it all to take away his guns. I don't know why he thought that was appropriate workplace discussion.
Probably to be "random."
Gallatin has the highest employment rate for graduates out of all NYU schools.
I'm so scared.
Old people were my least favorite customers at Panera. They either ordered too slowly or expected way too much out of the employees.
What's wrong with you?
How do people find out about products?
Really, *only* on /r/Republican?
And that's terrible economics. There's also nothing inherently wrong with a trade deficit.
Hooligans!
Do you always get mad when people don't share the same opinion as you?
Don't bring your nationalism into my protests, please.
Care to explain the irony? I'm personally not mad. I just think it's ridiculous to go so upset just because people criticize a movie that you like.
&gt; There are legitimate things to complain about in the prequels, like characters acting inconsistently with their established personalities, or some very poorly written lines that were also poorly read, or the fact that focus jumps around from politics to jedi stuff to Anakin being Anakin to a whole bunch of other stuff that it's hard to tell what's going on. RLM discusses all of this.
Seems like a bold generalization.
This shit is making me physically ill. I lost hundreds of dollars trying to trade last month, so I called it quits for two weeks. Now I put the remainder of my money in "safe" investments and only a few bucks in a risky stock. All my safe ones went down 10% the past few days while the risky one is up 20%. All I did was lose more money doing the opposite strategy. I seriously want to die right now....
\&gt;taking what I say 100% seriously Do you not see my tag?
I'll tone it down, chief.
I mean, it's much more nuanced that that, having lived in predominantly Muslim countries and having witnessed the legal and societal pressures placed on women due to the religion. (Sorry to break the circlequeef)
Muslim and Arab are not the same thing, just want to say that.
My Muslimah friends from Indonesia, Malaysia, Mali, Nigeria, etc. would disagree. It's not just an Arab problem.
The religion is used as a tool though to legitimize the oppression in many instances. You're doing a disservice to feminism by ignoring the causes of repression for women worldwide. Yes, it is a complex issue with many sources of blame, but I wouldn't call Islam wholly innocent. I also don't think Islam is inherently sexist either though.
Nah, was just embarrassing to read.
True.
I'm being 100% serious. I'm down 6.88% this week alone.
I could answer that, but I know that I have no good answer for it. It basically boils down to "I don't know and because other people online said it was a good buy."
How do I invest in honesty?
$AUPH and $AMD were the only two to make gains, but they represented a whopping 5% of my portfolio.
Are you seriously expecting me to put "work" and "commitment" into my investments? As if I should be "responsible" or something? Nah, you just gotta think you're the next Warren Buffet and go for it.
In all honesty I think I just need to learn to stop being impulsive.
You also can't make a U-turn on it if you miss an exit.
You realize Muslims are the ones being attacked in this situation?
I need to meditate or something.
I wasn't debating you on that point.
Lol
Yea, I've learned my lesson. The "daily stock discussion" thread here is dangerous.
Bodybuilding isn't necessarily about looking the most aesthetically pleasing to society at large.
Reddit sure loves this video.
Society shouldn't be ran to convenience the work of its "law enforcement." Yes, there are small odds a car could get stolen, but I'd rather have the police occasionally focus on those cases rather than punish people for simply heating their car on their property. It's ridiculously authoritarian.
The burqa is not required in Islam. And even if it were, at least it's not the state. Women should in theory be able to personally decide whether or not to wear it. Obviously familial pressure can get in the way, but that's a separate issue.
&gt; would you equally argue that if someone left their firearm unsecured, unattended in public view that should be fine If it were on their private property, why not?
Well there it goes right out the window. You're not for freedom unless it's freedom for all, mate.
Is this what you do when you've run out of an actual argument?
You didn't even prove your argument. And banning articles of clothing and religious practices is less compatible with freedom than a religion itself.
&gt; Liberals justify this by claiming that Islam forces women to wear it. It's not even liberals either. Hell, there are even "conservatives" in this thread justifying the law.
I'm in my early 20s, and when I watched the movie I remember thinking "I was totally like this just half a decade ago." Linklater writes some of the most realistic teenage dialogue I have seen in any film.
&gt; Sorry, but the smoke from your exhaust goes beyond your property and affects everyone. You're arguing a totally different point now. Also, how does my logic arrive at that conclusion? You would most definitely be justified to take action against a criminal stealing your property. But the police shouldn't be telling you how to handle your property either.
&gt; But if you shout Alah Akbar in a city you get a different reaction Depends on the city.
Yes, I think this because I've lived in a Muslim country and "Allahu Akbar" is a very common phrase (it's even shout from mosques five times a day).
I think the pseudo-intellectualism is pretty on point with the way a lot of suburban teenagers behave, from my experience growing up.
You're arguing for a nanny state, which is a frightening concept.
"Allahu Akbar" is literally said in public in Muslim countries and nobody bats an eye. It's a very versatile phrase. Where do you live?
Yes, I'm against regulations. People can make their own consumer choices.
At my gym, there's only one deadlift platform, and it's attached to a squat rack. It's also the only piece of equipment on which you're allowed to use bumper plates in my gym. I usually lift in the late evening, and without fail there is *always* someone on this rack/platform when I want to start my leg/back workouts (which incorporates deadlifts). Usually they're only doing squats too, which is even more infuriating because my gym has five other squat racks that are never completely in use. Like, who needs to squat with bumper plates? So being the impatient person I am, I decided to wake up at 4:30AM today to be the first one in the gym when it opens at 5AM. I immediately sprinted to the deadlift platform to claim it as mine, and had a glorious, quiet, stress-free workout. I was even more in the zone because I had no excuse to use my phone between sets. Now I need to make a decision. Do I continue going to the gym in the morning? I actually feel really refreshed right now and ready for work, plus now I don't have to worry about going to the gym in the evening. However, I have a feeling getting up at 4:30 will continue to become more difficult as it becomes more routine. Ah, the things I'll do to avoid crowds...
You ignored them.
Fitness is very easy in the US. Just don't eat bad food...
&gt; Being 1% body fat and toned is useless for almost anything other than showing you're able to commit to a routine. Okay, but this dude in the gif is guaranteed at least 25% body fat. There's a healthy medium.
Yea, 6:15 is around my usual wake up time. I only think it'll get more difficult because I was particularly energized this morning since it was a new experience. It's like how people become less sedated when they regularly shake up their routine.
It's just an odd request.
This still got thousands of upvotes though.
You just risk greater odds of having a bad roommate.
Do you need to go to law school this round?
What's wrong with working for a year?
Ah, understandable. But if you're not confident in getting a good LSAT score would it be worth going to a school not up to par with your goals?
Those implications are fresh.
You need a safe space?
Fair enough!
8.5 hours of sleep?!
4:30AM: Wake up 4:50AM: Walk to gym 5:00AM: Lift 6:00AM: Go home 6:10AM: Shower 6:30AM: Eat breakfast 7:15AM: Leave for work 7:30AM: Get to work 5:00PM: Leave work 5:15PM: Get home 5:30PM: Do LSAT studying 6:30PM: Dinner/whatever 10:00PM: Bed
&gt; My husband was serving his sentence at the same time. So did you commit the same crime together? Edit: I don't care about your lame TV show references.
&gt; And for those who say there is a gender disparity in sentencing, we got the same sentence, even though my role was smaller. Anecdotal evidence isn't sufficient proof against statistical data.
Would you be comfortable stating what the crime was exactly? Or would that be too much detail to share?
Thanks!
I'm not invalidating her experience; sorry if I came across that way. Nevertheless, there are plenty of studies out there that suggest men receive longer sentences for the same crime on the average. These result are undoubtedly inconclusive and I remain a skeptic, but it's still foolish to believe one's personal experience disproves a general trend.
&gt; Trump did ~8x better than Romney with every demographic except white people. Source? Edit: I'm actually going to break this down. Race | Romney | Trump | Difference :- | :- | :- | :- White | 59% | 58% | -1% (1.7% decrease) Black | 6% | 8% | +2% (33.3% increase) Asian | 26% | 29% | +3% (11.5% increase) Other | 38% | 35% | -1% (2.6% decrease) Hispanic | 27% | 29% | +2% (7.4% increase) I don't see any racial demographic increasing by 800%.
Stellar argument.
Well, I just reread this statement he wrote: &gt; Trumps absolute conversion rate for minorities was 8x greater than his conversion rate for whites. I don't exactly know what he means by an "absolute conversion rate." I guess he's stating that the percentage increase in the proportion of each minority race voting for Trump was 8x higher than white people, which is true for each race besides the "Other" category. I don't really see this as much of an indicator of anything, especially if minority voter participation decreased this election from 2012. Either way, it's *highly* misleading to state that Trump did 8x better than Romney among all non-white racial demographics.
True, but I've stated in other comments that I personally don't endorse one argument over another on this particular issue. I think there are multiple studies out there indicating differing results. I was mainly arguing on the principle of the issue: if you're going to counter an argument, use actual facts, not personal stories.
lol
This is amazing. I honestly didn't think it would happen.
Their fertility rates have been steadily dropping over the past few decades. Stop parading around your ignorance.
Okay? China's fertility rate is 1.66 though, which will be devastatingly low for future generations, and India's is 2.50, which is just slightly above the rate of perfect replacement (~2.33). So no, there's nothing wrong with them when it comes to having children. If anything, the Chinese need to have more if they don't want their economy to crumble in the coming decades due to a large elderly population and smaller young generation.
I'm both happy this happened but upset it had to happen.
What was the most transformative experience of your life?
I'm pretty confident it's safer to hit deer than swerve to avoid them. She made the right move.
