&gt; Thin sliced steaks. They're usually sold in the freezer section as 'sandwich steaks' generically. Brand doesn't matter, not for authenticity, just for quality. I'm with you on everything except this. The butcher at Publix will thin slice a ribeye for you. That is all I use.
When we travel all screen time rules are gone (we aren't typically strict on them anyway). On our last trip we bought the back of head rest dvd player for around $80. Snacks we did fruit &amp; veggies. When we stopped for lunch we just went to a restaurant instead of drive thru's. Our little dude has never had fast food though so we are use to it.
You use to be able to find John Gruden at Hooters just about every time you walked in.
If you are white and play a position of a known white person, you are bound to be compared to them. Is their play style at all similar?
I have no idea but that sounds like a fun group to party with.
Roommates aka parents. That's the the only situation I could think of. All others I would bring the girl back to my place.
About once a year or two I will get this intense pain in my neck that travels down to my shoulder (usually one side or the other). Lasting a couple of months and like you it feels a nerve is pinched as my arm would get a bit numb. I finally went to get it checked out and it turns out it is due to arthritis. Stress and other factors can lead to arthritis flair up. My doc put me in this headlock twist move and popped it pretty good. It helped a bit but I really just needed to wait. He could only give me sleeping aids (because it would keep me up most nights) and told me to take something for the pain.
My mom watched my oldest son for the first year until the daycare we wanted would take him. Currently with son #2, my mom does 3 days and MIL does 2 days, so I know all about this. I'm not sure how long you are staying out of work but hopefully by the time you return, your child will be on some sort of schedule. Talk to your parents and tell them feeding and nap times and that you want them to stick to it or as best they can. We brought over sets of toys to each grandmothers houses. We bring diapers when they need. We keep clothes over there. We bought car seats for each of their cars. We also had an extra crib so I set it up in the spare bedroom. Grandma two, we bought them a pack &amp; play. Basically just don't expect them to buy anything. Of course, if they are anything like our grandparents they can't help but buy stuff lol. It's ok to tell them that you have certain rules (screen time or whatever it is that you are big on). Just be prepared to be a little easy on them and let some things slide. There's going to be times where they get sick so be prepared to work around this. Lastly, be thankful for their help. Even if they do 95% (miss a nap or something) on some days still be thankful for having loving and willing grandparents who are offering you help. I don't know how we would have managed without them and I be sure to let that be known.
I'd back off a little. When we pushed our dude to try for overnight potty training, I think we over did it. He was dry in nighttime diapers for a week. We made a big deal about it and told him we would do regular underwear. Well he wasn't ready and would be extremely upset when he had a nighttime accident. Then we started noticing that he was starting to blink constantly. Yup, you guessed it, we stressed him so hard that he developed a tic. At least that is what the doctors thought. Luckily it went away after a few months.
The NFL would fine him for making a gun gesture.
Every mention of "I don't smoke weed" is followed by "but do you drink coffee or drink alcohol?" "you're such a hypocrite"
I'm almost certain this is what happened.
Do you know how many people have had children and still followed their dream? I'd say millions and millions. You're only making excuses.
I'm ____ and I just don't give a fuck.
Sometime after birth, I realized I gained super hearing powers and could hear my sons cry from damn near around the block. So yeah, we never used one.
Our 1st did as well. We did everything short of giving him medicine for it. Nothing we did worked. So we just adapted and a towel became part of our wardrobe. Time was the only thing that helped.
I don't remember the exact time frame. I do know that he wasn't spitting up when he started daycare at 1.
&gt; Play Thunderstruck on the guitar. Damn I was hoping the link was a tutorial. I have guitars but don't know how to play. My son would love if I could play that.
Ain't that the truth. One of the positives to becoming a parent is all the super powers we develop.
I'd party with this dude.
Magic bullet. Nothing magic about it. In reality it just sits in your cupboard taking up room.
&gt; what OP is expecting He's just wanting to find porn stars and probably go through their history to jerk it. I mean, that's what I'd do.
Yall need to calm the fuck down
I'd never buy clothes online. I can see so many errors happening with this. They charge your card because they didn't receive the other back in time. Shipper loses it, get charged. You say you returned it, but didn't, you get charged until they make a shipping claim. Seems like way too much hassle.
80-90 hours a week will burn out anyone and then you added a newborn to the equation. My experience is that I still see my friends and get bro nights. My wife also has her girl nights. Take time for yourself but be prepared to reciprocate for your wife. The only thing that changed is that its usually a better idea to tell my wife a day or so in advance. The spur of the moment things are tough on a partner. Also if you have family around to help, take advantage of it. Get out with your wife and treat her like your wife. As far as night time sleeping struggles it helped my wife and I to alternate nights waking up with the baby. Typically around 6-9 months you should be able to get your baby to sleep through the night. Schedule is the key here. To answer your question, I find my quality of life has improved ten fold. I used to think my nights of closing out bars on the reg was an awesome life but when I look back at it now I think I may have been suppressing something. I'd also say it does get better. For the first 6-9 months you are basically surviving and learning the ways of your child. But maybe I'm crazy. Currently have two (3years and 9months) but I'd have 10 kids if I could afford it.
inb4 "hit the gym, bro"
Is it possible you are over feeding him? When we introduced food our son started being weird on his bottle before bed and not sleeping as well. We cut down the amount we were giving him and all was normal again. Could be a coincidence though and this may just be a phase.
Probably not enough o-lineman on the field
Everybody expresses their emotions/love/feelings differently. Some don't talk about it but have tells by the things they are doing. Someone once recommended the book "5 love languages" or some shit like that and it helped me understand my kids (I used kids because they often don't communicate like your SO) and why they do certain stuff. I'm not all in to that type shit but it made sense to me. Or you can just go the communicating route. Ask questions and all that shit.
Bottled water Monster HDMI cables Beats by Dre amirite guys?
Bro, I believe its in the Geneva Convention, that once a girl has taken property of her mans sweater/hoodie, it is then their property never to be seen again by said man.
Thanks?
I don't know what I'm supposed to do with this information. Thanks?
Holy fuck, I can see you jerkin UK dick from all the way over here.
Anyone with a toddler knows this is almost a daily occurrence.
Pussy &gt; no pussy
It probably depends if reddit still hates them.
All he had to do was add bottled water and he would have been golden.
We make our own food. At the beginning we leaned on this website [Wholesome Baby Food](http://wholesomebabyfood.momtastic.com/). There's a lot of good recipes on there and other good information. We started at 6-months with just some avocados to get him used to eating. It's a nice soft food, easy to mash and easy to get the consistency desired. Then moved on to sweet potatoes. Throw one in the oven, cook 1+hours, cut and blend. One makes a surprisingly amount of servings. Here on reddit, you'll get a lot of baby lead weaning responses, but that just scares me so we decided to do purees. It's easy. Basically steam a veg, in a stove top steamer. Them toss them in a the mixer. We did get a "baby food" mixer as a present but it was just a smaller version of the one we already had so we don't use it. We store them in these exact [containers](http://www.toysrus.com/product/index.jsp?productId=12066912&amp;cagpspn=plab_11141274&amp;camp=PLAPPCG-_-PID11141274:BRUS&amp;eESource=CAPLA_DF:12066912:TRUS). Could probably find something a bit cheaper but these are great and stack nicely in the freezer. It's just important to remember, that at this stage, it is basically for practice. Majority of their nutrients should be coming from milk/formula. We also learned that it is easy to over feed, causing stomach pains and sleeping issues. Those couple of nights sucked. They don't need much at all, there little baby stomachs can't handle it. Edit to add a suggestion: I'm not sure where you are but look into produce companies in your area. We have one that picks them, flash freezes them, and sells them in bulk (8-10lb bags) at an extremely discounted price. They only sell, to public, every couple of months but we got on their mailing list to be informed of said days.
It really is as simple as steaming them and then blending them really well. For more insight, go to that website I had in my original comment. While I've heard of the rejecting foods after starting with fruit but it never happened to me. Keep offering, if that happens, eventually they will take to it.
Well it was more of a "what do you think of me asking your daughter to marry me?" I was not asking can I, more of what do you think and what do you have to say about it. Had he said no, I would have asked why he thought I wasn't a good fit and went from there. Although I knew they loved me so I already knew their answer. Before I even asked the dad, her mom told me she had a ring (grandmothers wedding ring) that I can propose to her daughter with.
&gt; Cunningham didn't come close I use to enjoy watching him. I remember being upset at how I thought it was unfair that they had to play in the fog bowl. I thought that was his year.
Bud Light. Superior drinkability bro.
If it got to that point, I'd ask myself if I wasn't putting them on right or not changing them often enough.
Based on their user name alone, I'd believe they have a good reason.
Yeah me and my two brothers damn near ate my mom out of a house when we were that age. I'd bet its just that but it wouldn't hurt to talk to his doc.
I took my son for his 3rd birthday to see Planes 2. I picked the earliest time showing on a Sunday so it wouldn't be packed. He was never much into watching a full movie but he did well. The only problem I had was that he wanted to sit on the floor instead of the chair. We were right behind the railing so I said whatever dude go ahead.
Well, uh I guess I, deep down, am feeling a little confused. I mean, suddenly, you get married, and you're supposed to be this entirely different guy. I don't feel different. I mean, take yesterday for example. We were out at the Olive Garden for dinner, which was lovely. And, uh, I happen to look over at a certain point during the meal and see a waitress taking an order, and I found myself wondering what color her underpants might be. Her panties. Uh, odds are they are probably basic white, cotton, underpants. But I sort of think, well, maybe they're silk panties, maybe it's a thong. Maybe it's something really cool that I don't even know about.
It was just a line from a movie (Old School) I watched last night. I don't know why, I just thought it would fit right in this post. I'm happily married
You don't need to go spilling your beans. It's just a movie quote and I thought it would fit right in this post. It's not cheating. I'm happily married.
Not confused. I just happened to watch Old School last night and thought that quote would fit right in to this post.
Old School
Umm what? I'm so confused right now.
You got a fucking dart in your kneck
Nah I'm good. Sorry for being funny.
The problem is that you keep telling yourself there's a chance you will be with her again. Get that out of your head and you'll be able to move on.
I love Atlanta the city but their interstate where every lane becomes an exit lane sucks balls.
The top answer is always Cailou in these.
&gt; Im a dog lover, I like my dog more than most people I've meet. My unpopular reddit opinion is that I hate people who are like this.
East coast works for me. 1pm is a good time to start getting drunk. Anything before then and people might say you have a problem.
nah it's more like animals &gt; humans
The only thing I'll admit that he's good at is special teams.
Nah she's never been that way. That said, more often then not, she's had an IUD in, so there wasn't much of the time of the month thing.
This sums it up for me: sorry is the fool who trades his soul for a corvette thinks he'll get the girl, he'll only get the mechanic what's missing? he's living a day he'll soon forget that's one more time around, the sun is going down the moon is out, but he's drunk and shouting, putting people down he's pissing, he's living a day he'll soon forget counts his money every morning the only thing that keeps him horny locked in a giant house, that's alarming the townsfolk, they all laugh sorry is the fool who trades his love for high-rise rent seems the more you make, equals the loneliness you get and it's fitting, he's barely living, a day he'll soon forget that's one more time around, there is not a sound he's lying dead clutching benjamins, never put the money down he's stiffening, we're all whistling a man we'll soon forget
You can check to see what excursions are available the day of her birthday or whenever during the trip. Perhaps pay for one that you will know she'll enjoy.
I wrote a L &amp; R in his shoes and told him L is for left and R is for... you guessed it right. He's known letters and sounds for a long time though. I also, from day one when putting socks or shoes on, would tell him give me your left foot (or right) and then put them on. I rarely just said give me your foot. I always called them L or R and he picked up on it at an early age.
Nope. We don't text much. We're on the same schedule so we're home at basically the same times.
spooky and precious at the same time.
yeah thats probably not the best idea.
I read once that you should make sure the area is completely dry before applying diaper rash cream. It seemed to work better when I started doing it this way. They were never as bad as what you're describing though.
Makes sense to me. How many different ways can I tell her that I want a BJ
The year or so when they are at that perfect height is the worst. Fun age but dangerous
&gt; What kind of crappy shirts wear out in only a few months If I could, I'd wear a plain white t-shirt every day. Let me tell you, after a couple months of washing them, they are either really shrunk or stained by something. Every time I'm at a store I usually just grab a 3-pack of plain white tees because I know I'll need them soon.
I'd say supplement her for a few days and see if she gets back to eating. Maybe a week and if she's still not eating bring her in to your pediatrician. By supplementing I mean a Pediasure Nutrition Shake or something like that. My son loves them and he thinks they are a treat because we call the a shake.
I will and I'll bring my pretty diaper bag with me.
My 4 year old would move in with grandma if he could.
&gt; but I'm not going to join the big game of make-believe where everybody pretends it's not obviously and substantially inferior to staying in the care of a dedicated parent. I just have to disagree with you here. I put both my kids in full time daycare at 1. I'm in the camp that it's good for them.
Say no then. Nobody is making you make up an excuse. If you say no enough then don't be surprised when those friends eventually stop inviting you.
I guess we've always been able to be open with each other. However after the birth of our first child via c-section, I knew there wasn't anything I could throw at her that she wouldn't be able to take. She was literally open to me at that moment.
&gt; OCD, PTSD, or ADHD Here's a few other terms that every redditor seems to be/have and I just want to tell them to STFU. Nerdy, introvert, awkward, anxiety, depression. Also not every one of yalls parents are narcissist.
Make me fries
Wouldn't bother me at all. I'd find it a bit flattering. He's not handling it well for whatever reasons. I'd say just do your thing at this party. If he comes talk to you then be nice.
[Yeah, umm about that](http://imgur.com/Ufbr5ej)
For us it was about whether the child was sleeping through the night before we asked the grandparents. I'm sure they would have done it before then but we didn't want to be a burden.
&gt; because she's depressed and if she doesn't she might start hurting herself again. I'm out
My friends and I will walk right out of the place if they have all dude bartenders. It's just our preference to have one.
As a vendor (not of lighting) the first step to sell your equipment is to a.) get in the engineers specs or better yet b.) be basis of design. How exactly is that shady? We vendors have our engineers that love us and some prefer other vendors. Sure we take them to lunch, drinks and such but thats just part of sales.
To me it seems a lot of the responses are "Oh no this company is making more than I think it should"
Everyday about 2pm it hits me hard and I wonder what my little dudes are up to. My oldest has been going for the last 3.5 years and our youngest just started 2 weeks ago. I wish I could tell you it goes away but it hasn't for me.
I'm not buying it
My wife also called around lunch time of the first day. Totally normal.
Well, at least you have food taken care of when we get lost
A little hard to give specific advice when you did not give us any specifics about what makes him grumpy or what causes the tantrums. So I'd just like to say it's just a phase and it will pass.
Why not PEAR?
Free. It was passed down from her grandmother. I think we spent about $400ish for mine. Size isn't a huge deal as you can get it re-sized.
I vaguely remember them giving us a few eye/hearing test throughout the year when in elementary school. For some reason I want to say the people administering the test were mobile. Memory is a bit foggy so don't remember if it was in their mobile thing or if they brought the equipment in an office.
I don't know what I did but my two favorite bands announced they will be coming here within two weeks of each other (late March &amp; early April). I'm fucking pump so thank you Gods.
Yes
This is a real condition. When my wife and I were looking last year I became addicted to looking at every house on the different websites. I'd then binge watch shitty shows about buying/flipping houses, do it your self renovations, that one with the two gay looking brothers and just about every other housing related show I could find. It was way too exciting. Then we finally bought and all the urge went away.
Shout out to all the people who don't know what the opposite of IN is
&gt; I'm in a gangsta-rap video, I leave. There was black people there
I'd personally suck it up. Retire from the military in my late 30's. Get a check while going to school. Then start double dipping in your mid 40's. This was my plan before the accident :(
That young I'd just use those finger brush things. I wouldn't wake a sleeping 2-month old so I'd just do it whenever in the morning and again in the afternoon.
&gt; And my wife and I have decided even after our first child is born we will keep it going That's cute. I remember when we were about to have our 1st child. The baby book was going to be so lovely. Then baby happens
Oh yes, another "I hate Trump" circlejerk is about to go off. These always turn out well.
I've always thought the games look better on Fox compared to CBS. So yes I've noticed a difference. But it could be due to them having a dolphins vs jets game on every week. I swear they play every week and I'm over it
In my early years I'd say whatever because I just need a place to crash. As I got older, I plan accordingly to have my own bed. You're mid-40's, pay extra to have a room for yourself.
I'm guessing that you took your ball and went home when you weren't picked.
My suggestion is to ask your doctors.
I've got news for you. That kid has just as much right as your bitch ass to be outside, grocery store, dr office or anywhere else. This just makes you sound like a bitch.
My only thing was that I was going to find the DJ, have an open bar, and pick out the entrees. Flowers and decorations just aren't my thing. I wouldn't know where to start with that stuff. My idea of decorating (a house) would be 4 white walls. I did make sure that I was there when seeing the florist and stuff like that. She'd show me stuff, for my opinion, but it was ultimately her decision. That doesn't mean I wasn't excited.
[Here's one posted just a few days ago.](https://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/5qopvw/super_bowl_li_prop_bet_sheet/) There were a few more if you google "SB prop bets reddit". You could probably find them on other sites too.
Why tho? I legit like and prefer bud light. Screw your strong recommendations.
Yeah just don't wait until 30 minutes before kick off
I had to laugh at their hair when I saw him talking to Sean Weatherspoon last night.
I like this guy! I don't care what every one else is saying about you.
WTF is a Rick and Morty I see mentioned on reddit a million times a day? Whatever that is, that's what I'm sick of seeing.
I don't hate it, in fact I've never watched it. Question asked what was I tired of hearing about so I answered.
Doesn't seem like he was lying when he was telling everyone you're insane.
I'm 38... If it's my mom, two brothers, nieces and most cousins, I'd help without thinking about it. If my dad calls, I'll help if I don't have anything else planned. Kind of how you'd treat a drinking buddy.
Was almost legal in FL at a .086. That extra 6 got him
Hate dogs and pretty much the entire idea of having a pet (except a gold fish). Hate is maybe a strong word but definitely uncomfortable. Probably stems from me being attacked and pushed into a cactus when I was around 5.
It can be done and still look like a normal person. BUT there's a fine line to crossing over to looking like an emo high school kid.
Coffee Sometimes I'll take a bite or two of whatever my kids didn't eat. I'm just not hungry that early in the day. But sometimes that pancake I made for them looks too good to throw away.
Either you made this entire thing up. Or you give off whore-ish vibes? I'm going with option A
Bud Light
I got shot from what started out as one of those teenage "what are you looking at" arguments.
Ugh lol it's almost guaranteed any drink without lid will be spilled by one of my kids. I know that well and carry a towel in the diaper bag.
Like how late? We had our 1st child when I was 33 and another when I was 36. They're 6 &amp; 3 now. It's great. I want about 10 babies but we're finished because my wife thinks she's too old to start over. I don't know what more to say. I love it. Any specific question?
Walking out of a bar pretty late. I was drunk AF and had taken some xanax. Parking lot pretty empty but one car was sitting under the light pole. It called out to me and said "oh I bet you can jump over me (the long way)". I just took off running. My jump attempt was basically just running up the front and over. It was late and the back trunk had a bunch of dew on it. My legs flew right out from under me. Landed on the parking lot right on my ass and my wrist taking most of it. My arm was swollen for about 2 weeks.
Unless you're at the bar everyday I wouldn't stock limes. Buy those when you know guest are coming over. You'll probably want some mixers (? like little straws to stir), cocktail napkins or coasters, keep a towel or two in there, the little rubber mat thing that you poor drinks on, those metal cups that they shake shit up with, salt, a couple bottle openers. You get the gist, non perishable shit. As far as drinks. I believe there's an app that will tell you every drink ever. I'd also get a book that has the basics covered.
Ok you tried your best with clothes, haircut and gym. All of those don't mean shit if you act like a fuck wad. Chalk this one up as being too drunk and you made some mistakes.
Most places have a noise ordinance and you can get ticketed for loud music. The beach here used to be big on handing out tickets for it. I've gotten a few, they were around $35.
I'm so sick of this stupid shit. Can we all agree on the following? Guy - don't go around slapping titties in efforts of showing your interest in a lady. It's fine to show interest and hit on a lady until she says you ugly bruh. Women - don't get mad and cry sexual harassment (unless at work) when a man hits on you or shows interest. Say nah bruh you ugly. Then yall both just move on with life and be happy.
Duh universal income bruh
Meeting bitches online was basically just for some tit pics. When I got bored I'd just move on. It doesn't take much effort to fake interest online for some tit pics.
My girlfriend can only have three male friends. The Father, the son and the holy spirit. I don't play that best friend shit.
What's the saying. A vegan cat is a lot like a transgendered 4 year old. We all know who's making the decisions.
There's actually been some studies done. It's very early to draw conclusions but it seems mass shootings happen in clusters. Same with suicide amongst younger people.
With my wife, when we were BF/GF, I believe we went to the bar with some friends. Our wedding anniversaries, we go to the same beach we went for our honeymoon.
You mean your texting/messaging game is strong. Texting/messaging is easy AF, because you can be perfect every time by deleting/editing/coming up with the perfect answer etc... Your game is weak if you're not doing it in person.
Lol that's probably true
Get a very basic cook book. If you can read and follow directions, you can cook.
I've slept with every single ex GF in the past. It goes fine for a while. Then one of yall will catch feelings again, be hurt when it's not mutual, then you'll cut it off (you may go through this process more than once). OR one of you will find a new SO and cut it off. If you can deal with that, go for it.
Either she got a large asshole or you got a small dick. No way you just go "surprise I'm in your ass.
Nothing better than a nice day at an outside beach bar, some dude on an acoustic guitar in the corner, drinking beer, and eating crabs for 3-5 hours.
9
I'd look into what they call "wall racks" if you really want them flat. A lot of places use these for blueprints. They even have mobile ones on wheels. [Here's what I'm talking about. This is a wall one](https://www.amazon.com/Safco-5030-Sheet-Hanging-Clamps/dp/B00006IC1Q/ref=sr_1_cc_5?s=aps&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1516206375&amp;sr=1-5-catcorr&amp;keywords=poster+rack)
Go towards the bottom of that link, to the what others have viewed section, and they have one on wheels. Could probably fit in the corner of a closet.
This is called bottle rot. It wasn't because it was strawberry milk. It could be regular milk or juice and do the same. You are not supposed to let a child go to sleep sucking on a bottle (water would probably be fine though). Some parents just elect to do it because it was easier to get them to sleep at the time and then eventually stuck with it. Also some new parents don't know about it.
My oldest only drinks milk, water &amp; occasionally gatorade if at a party or something. We brushed and flossed every night. He teeth look great and are clean but he got a cavity around 5 years old. The only thing we could think of, is nightly he wants an apple for a snack. We did everything we thought was the right thing. BUT we just didn't think of flossing after his apple snack. My wife was brought to tears a few times. Don't beat yourself up over it.
That just seems like you have to go by the book and exhausting. I just winged it, start hanging &amp; banging, then eventually they'd ask if we were BF/GF.
Ice tea. Can be unsweet. Can be a little sweet. Or Atlanta (southern) sweet. I don't care, just give me some damn ice tea. Oh and I love that Arizona Sweet Tea. 99c for that big ass can My drink food group: Beer / Ice Tea Water
Looks help get your foot in the door. Not being an autist, and being able to hold a conversation/be interesting/funny etc, keeps the door open.
You could use your words and ask him when he'd like to see you again. If he keeps saying yeah, but not following through, you should probably get the hint he has no intentions to.
I like to email them to myself and then never make them.
It's one of two things neither of which you can help with. 1 - It's her being extremely manipulative and using the "suicide" to control you 2 - She is actually suicidal. She needs help you can't give her. I personally think it's option 1. Don't want to chance that? Well next time she sends a suicidal message, contact her parents and the authorities immediately. You've tried to help, she won't let you which leads me to believe option 1, the only other thing is to send the professionals.
Look at it this way. You have 1st hand experience on how it goes. Many women do not realize they're in abusive relationships until it's too late. You should be able to identify abusive behaviors at an earlier stage due to witnessing it and be able to get out. Also I don't hold people accountable for other peoples behavior.
I'm 98% sure
There's two types of people. People in real life and people of the internet. 95% of the shit reddit circlejerks about, I've never experienced in real life. I judge and live my life on real life experiences. If you can't, you need a break from social media.
I just recently did two of them that my son got for Christmas. Read the instructions and it goes as planned. It's soak the pot in water for a while. Put a certain amount of seeds and water in a mixing cup. Stir and wait until it becomes almost gel like. Spread on the pot. The KEY is to not have big clumps of seeds or they won't glow. Spread lightly and evenly. Oh I think it says wait 24 hours before you fill it up with water
It's just an internet term to make people feel better about being ugly in their natural state.
What country are you in?
At home just boxers. Hotel, I'll usually keep some basketball shorts on and maybe a wife beater.
Yes the wave is sufficient. If they continue to honk, pull beside and give dirty looks etc, just give them a big thumbs up. They love it.
I can't eat or drink anything in a bathroom.
I'll be real, if a friends told me he was, i'm gonna need the details. If he wasn't handcuffed/tied up/jumped by some 6'4" bitches and held down, I'd probably laugh at him.
Unlike the hollywood type, you ain't raping me because I fear losing my job. I have some morals and a backbone and wouldn't go for that. Cry rape on me? go ahead and we'll see what happens in court.
Odds are you will not be rejected 100% of the time. So I just see it as one rejection out of the way.
My personal opinion in them is they are good for some tit pics and piece of ass when we do get to meet. I'll even show interest, which is easy to do during text, to keep them coming in. No doubt I'd be looking around for some local though.
If you're a girl and only a friend. You're getting treated the same as one of my bros. Same convos, jokes, outings, everything.
Insects are not equals. Do you ever walk outside? Do you know how many tiny insects you've killed just by doing so?
A think a lot of these new age sexual assaults are laughable at best. And that's where my thoughts went on the question.
If they have a job and are able to support themselves then I'd expect them to be out. If something came up, where they had to move back, I'd be ok if they had a goal of being back out. I don't want someone capable of living on their own and electing to live with their parents. If said parents can not take care of themselves I'd be totally ok with he staying there.
According to OP. Then that should mean 100% of gun owners graduated college and only 3% non owners did.
I had fun and enjoyed the process. My idea of not rushing, was to never initiate the BF/GF talk. That didn't mean I wasn't trying to be awesome to them, I just never have a rush to define it. I always know it's coming but I let them do it. I've dated a lot but I've never been the one to initiate that part. Take it easy and be sleazy. Have some fun and poke the inside of their tum.
"She posted a selfie on facebook so I dumped her. I can't deal with that level of narcissist" - reddit
The most difficult for me is the constant worrying. Also we've got awesome grandparents who beg us to drop them off for a weekend all the time. So we do, and we do go out and have some fun. BUT damn you miss them when they're gone lol. I'd just like to have my brain back for a little bit.
I can't say I've run into this. The play dates thing I can kind of understand. We only go with a couple of them. That's only because those parents were more receptive to us and actually talked with us. So we kind of stuck together.
Why don't you tell us the real reason they disowned you or are judgmental to you but not your piece of shit cousins. Or you gonna stick with the "I did nothing wrong" routine?
When I was carjacked, the dude (black) told me I better fucking run cracka. That was pretty discriminatory.
Those and just about everything else imaginable. There's not enough pages on the internet to type them all out.
I'll swear that I do in fact struggle to fall a sleep on full moons.
If she doesn't kiss me on the first date. I'm done. HUGE red flag.
Well looking at the place you would have known how bad it was. Talking to her before moving in and you would have come to a roommate agreement. TLDR: You supposed to do this shit before moving in. The only thing you can do now is ask her to sit down and come to an agreement. Separate food/ or one buys this week Bills Privacy Cleaning
BUT woman can get drunk and make out with their best friend and not be a lesbian. A best friend is basically family. They weren't full on tongue fucking. I read this is they were just having drunk fun and are probably just close. That's more believable than two cousins secretly banging. I think OP just got jealous AF and needs to get over it.
My wife and I don't care if the other goes. We've been together. Sometimes it's a spur of the drunk moment and you just end up at one late, so there's no asking prior to going. When she ask, the next day, what I did last night I'll tell her. Our only rule is don't go overboard with money. She knows I've been known to drop $500 easily lol. She'd rather I not do that.
She's going to continue to manipulate you until you stand your ground.
Yes it does become uncomfortable. A pump is a life save for a woman who goes back to work. I guess, if they are a stay at home mom, they can just feed when too full.
My wife and I play catch with the football while the kids are running around doing their thing.
Because they are smaller than my shoe. I don't even bother getting rid of the ones in my garage. They're just the long skinny ones that won't bother me and I believe they fight the bugs for me. I'll get rid of them about once a year but that's about it.
I cheated on many women back in my day. I'm pretty sure I eventually got caught every time. Mistakes? Well I just didn't care enough to try and hide it that well.
Beer. Bud Light if I'm buying but wouldn't turn down any free beer.
I was pretty shy before I got my first GF. The lost v to her blah blah blah. I went to spring break and ending up cheating with this girl. A light came on inside me "woah girls want to fuck me" so I dumped my GF and became a manwhore for a while. Cured my shyness too.
My mind immediately goes to would I or nah
Own up to it. Only a year suspension and rehab is getting off easy. Own up, do what is needed of you and realize that you can move forward from this. And stop ordering drugs online, dumbass.
Many stupid people have flourished, whether that be school or career. Just don't use it as an excuse to not do what you need.
Years ago when I was in a tight spot I was offered hourly plus commission. I just told him, I really don't think I can do commission at this time and need something more stable (higher hourly). So he said no problem, gave me more hourly with an opportunity to go to commission whenever I felt I was ready. I've now been here 17 years.
Xanax. It became exhausting hanging out with him. Then go out and add alcohol to that and it can get out of control or embarrassing. We tried a lot to talk to him but he chose them over us.
Guaranteed this isn't his first time reaching out to one. I'd say he's even met up with at least one of them. Here's what's going to happen: You'll stay with him because you're weak. You will constantly worry if he's lying. ALL THE TIME you'll think he's lying and it will drive you mad. You'll catch him lying again. Stay longer because you're weak. Eventually, way too late, you'll finally leave him. You'll end up kicking yourself for being stupid enough to waste all that time with him. Do you want to live like that?
