And what do you do when your commander gets shuffled into your deck and then exiled from the top of your library with [[Pyxis of Pandemonium]]? You aren't allowed to look at the face down cards but IF your commander is exiled it you're allowed to move it to the command zone instead of leaving it in exile. (note I'm not actually sure what happens here, the rules don't address it if you can't look at the card) Commander has obscure rules situations. You're technically meant to still have to "track" the commander in your library even if you could somehow have another copy of it. You could have it with a mark or something on the face side of the card for example.
I want to know why we can only have 5 medallions of iron. If you want to throw me into match after match in progress or against fireteams of 5/6 and you DON'T expect me to quit how about letting me at least always get a medallion. I've started to just swap characters if I get to 5 medallions and I've already finished my bounties for the day. I've gone 9 games straight losing every one between all the issues. Best of all half the time I even face a full fireteam they aren't even that amazingly good, I just have completely incompetent teammates and/or the other fireteam consists of 3+ red bars that might as well be invulnerable. I told myself that they must have thought they couldn't give us more than 5 because well what if someone saves a bunch for next Iron Banner but we can already do that with bounties AND if that was a concern you could just wipe them after the event.
I know that's right with how it currently works, my point was that unless they change the rules somehow it makes cards that require (C) mana to effectively be much easier to use in commander than in any other type of magic. Normally if I have an Urborg and Island I'd still need a wastes or other source of (C) to cast spells requiring (C) mana or to activate (C) abilities. In commander however with an Island and Urborg if my commander does not have black in it's color identity I can now suddenly create (C) mana with any lands I have. I'm curious if the rules might in some way be changed such that instead of creating colorless (C) mana these sort of effects will create generic mana which would effectively make everything work the same as other formats albeit in a somewhat confusing way.
I don't understand. What are all of these other attack methods before the melee follow up? Melee is the only option. Granted "melee" frequently includes shoulders and knees to the face.
We absolutely need a new commander rules committee. It seems like every time this group does anything to change the rules they just make things worse. It's complete BS and there's no accountability for them. NOBODY I've ever heard complained about fetches. Also hasn't wizards them self said they're unhappy with how the color identity rules work and want them to be less restrictive?
As someone who never knew this site existed...what did it do? Did it just tell you if the game was up or not?
It's fairly important for things like being able to play Urborg in any deck to make any of your lands produce colorless if they normally produce no mana. Also prevents certain cards from completely hosing tons of people if they change your lands types like [[Blood moon]]
It makes the new colorless lands a lot better in commander when they're already pretty amazing at least.
Why? It affects the whole table and thus in many cases benefits everyone whenever anyone plays it out. I don't feel like it's really unfair in any way. It's a colorless land that enables your lands to tap for colored mana as well as all your opponents, even better for opponents that are actually playing black.
My friend and I argued about this a bunch and he was convinced you needed to win to get an exotic. He then got an exotic the next match after we lost.
I hate that people buy and ruin uncut sheets like this D:
Blade dancer, the intimidating super where you activate it and your opponent jumps a half inch off the ground and becomes invincible
Welcome to how Bungie handles p2p matchmaking and calculating damage etc. It's been like this since Halo 3 and it's bullshit. You'd think that by now we wouldn't have to deal with their "solutions" to even the playing field between people with different connections but no. I guess if it ain't broke don't fix it? And as far as Bungie cares it isn't broken I suppose...
I've had this map maybe twice all week. I've had Dungeons and Twilight Gap 90% of the rest of the time. Had a point where I almost straight just stopped playing because I got Twilight Gap 5 out of 6 matches straight. Then later I get Dungeons back to back to back. The best part is when it decides to break up your teams only to throw you into another match, in progress, on the same map.
You got so lucky that Titan was outside his bubble and the first on you killed. They could have all sat in the bubble and have been safe. I was actually expecting a clip with 4 Nova bombs/fist of havocs all going on the people at the heavy ammo at once.
As a hunter main the thing that annoys me about this is that I just KNOW that you didn't end up wasting your super doing this. You'd have it up again as soon as the tether was gone or you were out of it or died or whatever.
I've seen this work and it works well with the fact you can usually win fights easily in a group. What I typically run into is one person going to A, one to C, both dying and not capping or capping and instantly losing it. Then people at B get overrun by the enemy team and it's all a mess.
*looks at 320 Hung Jury equipped* *looks at all the friends on friends list with Hung Jury* ...you don't say?
"Maintenance" meaning they're in the process of performing maintenance to try to get the servers back up after they crashed.
I'm going to guess it's a new player from Christmas
I can't imagine how pissed off anyone with completed bounties just waiting for today to turn them in is right now. Managed to hit 5 yesterday on all my characters so I'm able to just sit back and relax. While I think Bungie SHOULD extend IB I can see it being tricky and them not doing it. Not sure if it causes issues if the event doesn't end at a weekly reset or not. That said who knows how long it will take for PSN to be back up with their track record...
Now now, I'm sure there was a few dedicated developers that had to carefully design each bug and glitch.
I'm legitimately annoyed that the planeswalkers win. Ob Nixilis just needed to release Ulamong, call Kozilek and planeswalk away. Now he sits around and gets caught AND the Eldrazi get defeated? We could have had a great set with the Planeswalkers getting wrecked and it ends as they have to planeswalk away right as the Eldrazi completely destroy Zendikar and move on to another plane. Then we could have a solemn and dark SOI set as they try to rebuild and prepare for the next fight. I'm betting Wizards just didn't want to destroy such a beloved plane as Zendikar to the point where it couldn't be returned to again.
It looks like Jace is smiling too to me.
Well to be fair...I got maybe 2 auto rifles, a pair of boots and a helmet. Saw a lot of people getting drops too. Got all 3 characters to rank 5. First IB of TTK I got my Hunter only to rank 4 or 5 and got 1 or 2 drops as well. This was the one everyone was complaining about no drops and Bungie admitted that it was broken and fixed it. One thing worth noting is that sometimes you don't see your own or other peoples drops in the completion screen. If you get more than 2 items anything else won't show up. This happened a few times with friends where they got something but nobody saw it on the scoreboard. Still yes rewards are stupid low considering 99% of the time it's a weapon/armor with bad rolls AND low light level. I can't really comment on Ghosts since I managed to get a 320 one from the raid recently so I could care less. Class items seemed way too rare for them not being purchasable and being needed for the rep boost (AND the ps exclusive ones were even rarer). SRL had stupid stupid high drop rates AND once you were rank 3 you got relevant gear for end game characters instead of sub 310 or sub 300 light drops. I feel like Bungie nerfed the after-match drops due to the rank 5 packages. I got trash from 2/3 of my rank 5 packages but my third was amazingly 320 boots for my Warlock.
It's also amazing for making you better at sniping. Play a few days with nothing but NLB in crucible then switch to a "good" secondary sniper like a nice 1000y stare and you'll wreck people with how much smoother it is to use.
Shadowshot usually keeps it. Hammer and BD "can" keep it but I have no idea how it's figured out. Probably 90% lag in those cases but I know I've seen/had it happen to me. The fact that it consistently happens with Fist of Havoc, Nova bomb and shadowshot is incredibly dumb though.
Just saying this is incredibly dumb that this happens. FoH, Nova bomb and shadowshot all do this but it should not be a thing imo.
I'm equally impressed by not only the no-scope but also the fact that you hit the Titan RIGHT as he activated his super but before he had the increased armor from it somehow. Otherwise you wouldn't have 1shot him with NLB's stupid crit formula.
Oh is that what it was? Didn't pay enough attention I guess. I hate that NLB doesn't follow the normal sniper damage formula for criticals. I'd love using it all the time if it was reasonable that way. I should at least be able to revive snipe with it T_T
I don't think it's random head cannon considering we JUST saw the entire plane and all the planeswalkers having so much trouble trying to JUST stop Ulamong but now they can suddenly actually kill both Ulamong AND Kozilek and not even just trap them. It took 3 pre-mending planeswalkers just to trap the Eldrazi originally. The whole thing with Ob Nixilis, he just regained his spark and was all obsessed with leaving the plane as fast as possible and yet didn't. And sure we had New Phyrexia but this is the Eldrazi that have been said to be unkillable in any way and any "war" against them was more of how to flee and survive as much as possible while trying to figure out a way to contain them rather than even kill them. Hell Ugin doesn't even factor in here at all it seems, what was the point of going back and time and waking him up then?
you can revive snipe ONLY if you have The Master buff active. That's not exactly "just fine"
I enjoyed this far more than I thought I would. I'm also EXTREMELY bothered by the fact you didn't pick up your pyramid item thingy that the boss dropped.
The real issue is Wizard's policy on Modern. They don't want anything too unfun / uninteractive or that wins too fast consistently. Any time something becomes too good they feel it has to be killed. Rather than things becoming stronger and printing answers or making new decks they just want to tone down everything else. The other issue is the inconsistency of reprints. You get very specific cards that become key parts of decks that spike in price because they only have one printing and are not likely to be reprinted. Cards like summer bloom, Azusa, Vesuva, Tolaria West, not going to be reprinted any time soon in most any cases but also are not played in any other decks so they spike but solely based on play in a single deck. This means there's a lot of inherent risk in the value of these cards.
This sure as hell better ship with my copy of the special edition. I was thinking about complaining to them in person about it if they didn't announce this. It's bad enough I didn't get it from Best Buy for the 20% off but then I have to pay Gamestop's absurd shipping prices too because you can't order online and pick up in store. ...is it February 19th yet?
Not exactly something you can do on an item like this that sells out instantly online half the time and you have to order asap when it pops up to even get one.
Looks way better than the tracking on my Truth since the TTK update. Mine won't detonate when it's 2 feet to the side of anyone and it sure as hell won't think about tracking or curving 95% of the time.
I'd love for Destiny 2 to go 60 FPS but in all reality it never will. Bungie LOVES 30 fps. Every Bungie game has been 30 fps and they love that for whatever reason. They like the consistency or some crap.
Where do I call to report child abuse? You only let him play Rift in crucible? That has to be some sort of torture.
Interestingly on MTGO the list you get is all cards not just cards you should be able to name. Technically you're only allowed to name cards that are legal in whatever format you're playing.
I mean honestly this is the opponents problem. This is exactly how Pithing needle works. You can name any card legal in the format. You aren't under any obligation to clarify what your opponent means if he names a different card than you think he means or names a card that it doesn't actually work on. Similarly you can name any card that produces mana with pithing needle and your opponent might think that works even though it doesn't. You aren't under any obligation to tell your opponent the correct way cards work if they're misplaying them against you. TL:DR know how your cards work if you're going to play them.
Great list. Couple things though. 1) Hobgoblins don't activate their shield if you shoot them with a sidearm 2) Similar to the explosive shanks, fusion rifles will prevent supplicants from exploding on death as well. (Explosive harpies in VoG Atheon fight) This includes the vex mythoclast. 3) You can run along the wall on the left side of the Mausoleum area to get to the scent chest rather than going on the invisible platforms. Usually quite easy once you try it a few times, especially with a sword. Much faster than using the platforms. 4) For whatever reason, the weekly Shaxx bounty for completing 5 Shaxx bounties counts Iron Banner weekly bounties towards it as well. 5) The "poison" chest on the dreadnought can be easily opened by using a sword and blocking while opening it so that you don't die. Alternatively you can use a super that gives increased armor or a bubble. Also maybe it's just me but I don't think the L3/R3 thumb stick click sparrow side-boosts work except in sparrow racing. I tried doing it with my sparrow normally and I don't think it worked at all.
Just worth noting that if you're doing the gunsmith weapons for legendary marks exchange, prioritize rocket launchers first since they take less motes of light to level up to get 5 marks instead of 3.
I didn't mention SRL since it's not around anymore (and forgot really) but the Trials weeklies don't count toward the Shaxx weekly. I think they might have in the past at one point but they don't anymore.
If you're talking about mono-red burn as not running any creatures then absolutely. There's no way you're playing any effective mono-red deck without creatures as well. As far as mono-red compared to Boros or Naya it's much worse but you could still probably do it. The issue is that with fetch and shock lands the opportunity cost of the fixing to run Boros or Naya is just so low that it's absolutely worth it for how powerful the cards you get access to are. [[Atarka's Command]] is just insane in the deck. Access to [[Kor Firewalker]] is insane in the mirror. [[Boros Charm]] is probably the best straight burn spell in modern with rare corner cases where the other abilities are worth while. [[Destructive Revelry]] is just 99% strictly better than [[Smash to Smithereens]] for almost all cases. The fact that mono-red can straight lose to a leyline of sanctity without green for Destructive Revelry is a pretty big deal if it's a card people in your area sideboard often. If you're your deck to be competative I'd say to pick up a playset of [[bloodstained mire]]'s and [[wooded foothills]] now before they become more expensive if you don't have them. A couple shock lands to fetch shouldn't be too expensive to go with them and you don't really need [[Arid Mesa]] specifically since you don't really want any lands that don't produce red on their own anyway. Even if you ran mono-red you'd likely want fetchlands anyway to turn on [[searing blaze]] and [[searing blood]] especially at instant speed. They also are very good if you want to play [[grim lavamancer]].
If this is true it's just more of Wizards agenda to permanently kill Legacy and Vintage even more since it seems like they have no plans of finally abolishing the reserved list. SCG stopped doing Legacy, Wizards is slowly killing it on MTGO. It's a bad time to be a legacy player it seems. That said if anyone is looking to sell some cheap duals or such...let me know?
If you need to farm gold just buy the gold boost for 4k honor tokens during the weekend and farm the crap out of the gold quests. With a decent gold farming team I made almost 20 million without much trouble. Used several stamina fruits granted but that much lasts you a long time.
I had the best luck running the 20AP daily rather than the 30AP one. Got ~300k per run I want to say, maybe more if I got all the bonuses. Granted this is with a full team of increased gold drop. And like I said, I burned a bunch of fruit since I didn't want to have to worry about gold for a while. They're not really hard to come by between rings and honor tokens anyway.
I absolutely love exiling Venser to himself in MTGO cube. Nobody ever expects it and you can do some really broken things. Not to mention gaining a lot of loyalty at times by doing it.
Distributors can also be told by Wizards to not sell to X store. Usually they also dictate how much of a product they can sell to certain stores to a degree. If Wizards doesn't want your store buying product you sure as hell can bet they can stop distributors from selling it to you. You think a distributor is going to risk getting cut off from Wizards supply to get your store product if Wizards tells them not to sell to you?
The real issue is going to be with Judges and if Judges are told they have to report any store or location that is using proxies in any way. We just saw Wizards ban a massive group of Judges with fairly little discrimination it seems. Now imagine that every low level judge is told they have to report any location that they witness using Proxies. They can't use WER at locations they see using proxies. They have to worry that they'll not only get kicked out of the judge program but could also be banned from the DCI for judging at one of these locations or not reporting on them. It's so easy for Wizards to see who judged at a location that was reported for having proxies and then you find out what happens to all those judges that didn't report it.
I'm curious about a few things. Will judges be held responsible for reporting on stores using or allowing proxy use on the site? I can see Wizards threatening and banning Judges for not reporting on this which could turn into a big issue. To some extent you can say that well nobody will tell Wizards about proxy use and they'll never know as long as you don't advertise. What happens when a Judge at a pptq or pre-release or fnm is expected to report proxy use or be kicked out of the judge program or even banned from the DCI? Curious myself how gold-bordered cards are handled. Some groups might not allow proxies but will allow gold-bordered cards as a cheaper alternative in legacy/vintage or EDH environments. These are technically not allowed in tournament play but will they still be allowed to use in stores? They're basically wizards created proxies. How is Wizards going to enforce this? If not for the judge scenario are they going to have people randomly checking locations? If not the threat is somewhat meaningless. How far will they investigate when told about a store breaking the rules? It'd be one hell of an easy way to kill competition among stores in your area if someone were to inform Wizards about all the local stores simply ignoring this rule. People seem to underestimate how big of a deal WPN membership is. You're talking about not longer being able to do basically anything Magic related. Hell they could go further and cut you off of anything Wizards or even Hasbro related. How many stores also do D&amp;D as well as Magic? How much are stores willing to gamble with Wizards on this threat?
Can we get an altered version of this with just the land a barren Hellscape with the Eldrazi having destroyed everything and the Planeswalkers instead retreating away to another plane? Thanks in advance. Screw this happy ending BS story.
You realize you're taking this as what now, third hand heresay? You're talking about likely a single lvl5 judge at a huge tournament who has to make calls on tons of games every round. They don't have time during normal rounds to go crazy and look over every detail of the story that was already handled by a lower level judge. If a judge call takes 10 minutes and then an appeal is made and they have to find the lvl5 judge and come make a further ruling you're talking about probably at least another 5-10 minutes to do just that without going over all the details again. That's one single match. Now consider there are hundreds of matches going on at once that round and there are a dozen more rounds in the tournament that have to happen after this round. You can't realistically take that much time and have to delay future rounds by hours because of judge calls and appeals, it's just not realistic to hosting the entirety of a tournament. The fact that there's even the option of appealing a ruling and getting a lvl5 judge to come for ANY and all rulings through a whole tournament is already impressive. Look at other sports where you either can't appeal rulings made during a match or if you can it's only during specific parts of the game. And in those cases you're only talking about a SINGLE match happening at once, not hundreds. Not to mention this whole scenario seems like it came down to miscomunication between a lower level judge and the head judge. If you've never been to a tournament like a GP you've got to realize things will be noisy. When you're talking about someone in charge of dealing with all the other judges and then putting final rulings on things you aren't paying attention to all the noise around you to hear if other people are commenting under their breath or whatever that it was a Token creature. Details can easily get missed in the noise of everything. Judges are people too and can make mistakes.
You realize every single one of those distribution companies gets their product from the same single company Wizards right? Wizards gives them a list of stores they can't sell product to and boom you're dead in the water as far as getting product from any of them. Other stores are more than happy to buy up the extra product and the distribution companies don't lose a dime. You realize distribution companies are constantly in contact between Wizards and individual stores on how much of different product they can and will sell stores.
You don't think Wizards has contracts with every WPN store? That's part of the what being a WPN store is. Wizards cuts you off and you get nothing. You might be able to buy product from Channel Fireball or wherever other players buy product but that's it. No more discounts, no more sanctioned events, no more promos. Not to mention you would not be able to legally advertise that you even sell the product even. Honestly I'm not totally sure but I wouldn't be surprised if Wizards does have the ability to prevent you from selling the product even if you did buy it somewhere else. Free market isn't as simple as you seem to think it is. You agree to a lot of things simply by buying a product from a company and selling it. There's a lot of different rules in play depending on if you're a store versus a single person.
Which wizards could could still tell you that you can't play at any WPN store. You have to follow their official rules of gameplay when you're playing at a location, even casually it seems. This means your cards do what they say they do according to their official oracle text.
I'm curious how this is going to affect big name teams/stores/companies that playtest etc. Are you telling me that Wizards expects CFB teams etc to own every card that they playtest with and make sure they swap them around and use all the exact actual cards? At that point you're talking about a company that runs major official events for Wizards. Cutting off your neighborhood store might not affect Wizards but are they going to be so quick to threaten and hold major companies like CFB or SCG accountable to the same degree? Cause I'm sure all the pros wait until the sets are already out and they obtain multiple playsets of every card before they playtest. I've never heard of any situations where pros are buying cards on site at a GP to play in that tournament, good thing they never participated in illegal counterfeit activities playtesting that card they didn't have beforehand.
Interesting since that's not what I've heard from store owners that have to deal with getting product from distributors. Are you not in the US? It may work differently in some different countries. I know it's much more controlled with certain sets such as MMA or even as recently as the craziness that happened with Zendikar fatpacks.
As far as I'm aware you can't use the cards to represent a different card. You could sanction an event as a create your own format event with the same Modern pool of cards but also Deathrite but you'd have to report that event as such under being a build your own format event. As far as I'm aware any reported events however have to follow all of the standard DCI magic rules. This even technically includes EDH at your local store. You will note however that up until now plenty of locations didn't do this and nobody was really holding anyone else accountable for it.
Suddenly Trump's campaign makes a lot more sense. He's just confused about what position everyone is running for.
You can sanction it as "any format" but that doesn't mean that you can treat the magic cards as different cards. You have to follow the same rules as the game has and what the cards do.
I wouldn't say Tarkir got nuked. It got effectively rewritten but that's not quite the same. And you're talking about 2 of the strongest creatures to ever exist in the known multiverse. 3 old walkers had to work together just to trap the 3 of them with TONS of preperation. Now 4 neo-walkers just casually full out killed them. It's not about having a happy ending, it's about that happy ending not making sense and being bullshit. It's like if Mirrodin had all the build up of the Phyrexians and how impossible it was to fight them then at the end they were just like "Oh hey could you not?" And the Phyrexians just were like "oh sure we'll just leave you alone bye". The build up and story doesn't fit with what actually ended up happening.
Oh I totally get that wizards didn't care that they were judges. My point is they have more control over judges. They can tell judges they expect them to report people using "Counterfeits" and if they don't they can more directly hold them accountable. Some random getting banned by the DCI sucks but a mass group of judges getting banned for not reporting on stores (Where they're working for those stores and making money in many cases from them) is much more of a serious issue. It's a hell of an awkward situation to be put in for judges. Come judge and event at a store and be paid for your time working there, but at the same time be expected by Wizards to report on the store if they're breaking these rules. You report on the store and the store could have it's WPN membership revoked and you won't be working there anymore. Don't report on the store and you could get your Judge qualification revoked and be banned by the DCI. You're in a major lose-lose situation.
I finally got pretty much my god roll for PvE anyway...still looking for PvP. Legendary blackhammer status. Triple-tap and casket mag being the main perks I wanted. Got Shortgaze scope and mulligan which I'm kind of meh about. Would have preferred something like Firefly and the scope wasn't a big concern. PvP I want longview, Hidden Hand, snapshot and I suppose partial refund or army of one but the last perk doesn't matter much. Best PvP one I have is longview, hidden hand, casket mag and last resort. 2/3 isn't bad but missing snapshot feels really bad on anything but bladedancer. I actually have another with snapshot that I use on Titan/Warlock but it has a different scope. Casket mag actually has been surprisingly nice all things said in pvp. Need to try using Ambush scope again too since I use to use it all the time. Edit: No love for longview? I thought it had the same zoom as ambush and honestly now that I've gotten use to it I find it pretty nice. Ambush might be ever so slightly faster to ADS. I actually find lower stability pretty fine for me with snipers as I tend to be more of a drag scoper and usually don't rely on the stability much at all.
But I don't need MORE sources of wormspore... Screw you dreadnaught maps.
I'll honestly just be happy if DeeJ comes back to work at all at this point. I assure you he has some idea what's going on and if this was Japan we'd be talking about people jumping off buildings before coming back to work at this point. It takes a brave man to willingly walk into the fire that is this game currently.
If I didn't read this sub-reddit I wouldn't know it was broken. Thanks worthless nightfall rewards for not making me waste my time! Hell I could get 15 Marks so I can gamble 135 for 3 with a 1 in a million chance at a god roll 1000y stare and be happier than the trash I get usually. Nightfall rewards might as well list as 3 Marks or on a lucky occasion strange coins. When I'm happier to get strange coins or 3 of coins from Nightfall than 99.9% of anything else that ever drops there's obviously a problem.
I thought about doing this once. Then I decided not to because my god it'd be a pain in the ass to do and then mess up the second I want one of the guns there. Seriously though where are all your exotics? I've dismantled so many guns I've practically started dismantling exotics I don't use just for more space. I think my only surviving y1 guns are fatebringer, a couple other vault weapons and my G-horn.
I don't really consider being ruled by dragons to really be that bad of an ending. In the new timeline it's basically come to be accepted. Plenty of the clans live and work together with the dragons even. I wouldn't even remotely consider that close to a plane being literally wiped from existence and having every bit of mana drained from it and all life destroyed. Or mirrodin where all non-phyrexian life is exterminated and being "perfected". The point is 3 old walkers are on a totally different scale of power level to new walkers. It being "harder" to trap them for the 3 of them shouldn't even really be relevant. The new walkers power levels should basically be like that of an insect compared to them. Jace is suppose to just figure out how these hedrons work and be able to instantly manipulate them AND hold of Kozileks distortion abilities like it's nothing. Nissa has an intimate connection to the soul of Zendikar? Zendikar is suppose to be like mostly destroyed at this point, any soul that is left shouldn't be that crazy powerful. Chandra has ghostfire magic powers? Ok how are those powers suppose to be remotely strong enough to kill the Eldrazi. Our reference is a single card for [[Ghostfire]] that does 3 damage. The caveat is that it can hit Emrakul while any colored spells can't. It costs 3x as much as a traditional lightning bolt for the same effect. The Eldrazi are so powerful you'd need at least 4 ghostfires to theoretically kill them. Chandra has never even been shown to be that strong with her fire damaging attacks let alone this special kind of fire magic. And even aside that Ulamong is "indestructible". The point still stands that they were backed into a wall failing to try to contain Ulamong and then Kozilek gets released and they somehow magically go from barely containing one titan to full out killing two. I'd accept MAYBE killing Ulamong and then fleeing before Kozilek got there to help and finish off the job of killing them all but just killing both is insane. The fact that Ugin and Sorin never even showed up to get involved is also absurd. It basically looks like they had a more involved and fleshed out story for a 3-block Cycle, changed the block structure and had to make a sudden change to make up an ending and it sucked. Hell the Planeswalkers on mirrodin could barely do anything against the Phyrexians and honestly the Eldrazi Titans should be at least on a similar power level if not stronger. And you're talking about Karn being on mirrodin and he's arguably stronger than any of the 4 that saved Zendikar.
Well to be fair you can back out and leave skyshock whenever you get the map. You can't get the exotic swords without doing the material farming.
The lower level judge told the lvl5 it was just a creature that died. He did not say it was a token creature. This makes the entire difference in the ruling. The fact that the lvl5 did not know this and made a ruling on it being a non-token creature and what would happen, agreeing with the lower level judge is the whole point. He didn't make an incorrect ruling as much as he made a ruling on a different fact altogether. He didn't not know the correct answer, he wasn't asked the right question.
Mama never played Skyshock.
Honestly a bit salty considering I just searched all over locally and bought a copy for $60 at Target of all places. I already own/played the first on 360 but oh well. I might replay on the Wii U for the costumes, plus I think I gave away my 360 copy to a friend.
Wish this would show up as in stock, that lower price is quite a bargain. Bought a copy at Target just recently and it was the normal $60 new. Oh well.
Would be really cool of them if the standalone game comes with a code for a discount on the first game on the e-shop like it does if you buy Bayonetta 2 digitally. Wonder if they'll drop the price of the game on the e-shop to match the new standalone game release.
Certainly makes me more interested in replaying it anyway. What makes it better?
To be fair Twin was THE top deck pretty much as long as it has existed in some way or another. It really locks down the format as far as you have to either get under the T4 win or be able to stop it. With it banned it really opens up a lot of potential for a lot of different decks. Honestly did ANY decks not have a maindeck answer to Twin and not run at least 4 sideboard cards specifically for the match-up? It's a good 75% at least of why spellskite is as expensive as it is.
Can you hear that everyone? That's the sound of all the Ugin's and Karn's prices skyrocketing even higher. Wish I pulled the trigger on that last Eye of Ugin i needed...I feel like Eldrazi is going to be insane now. To be fair I think the Twin ban is totally justified. The deck is still playable but you don't have to worry so much about the turn 4 instant win. It really was pretty stifling to the format that you either had to get under the turn 4 win or stop it or instantly lose against arguably the most popular deck for the majority of Modern's lifespan. Wonder if this will finally mean that scalding tarn will no longer be the most expensive fetch land anymore...probably not.
The problem isn't giving them the idea. They said this "issue" is their top priority at the moment but they're having trouble finding a clean rule to solve it.
I think people are missing part of the point here. They aren't saying that the Twin ban wasn't warranted. They're saying that if there wasn't a modern PT they wouldn't be as concerned about there being a "best deck" that is consistently top tier and warps the meta-game around it. The point is it looks bad for the format for Splinter Twin to be such a consistently dominating deck that everyone has to constantly be aware of and play around specifically. If you weren't prepared for the splinter twin match-up your deck just wasn't competitive. This makes for bad coverage at the PT level and makes modern less appealing for people to get into which is bad PR for Wizards. This doesn't mean that splinter twin isn't ban-worthy as well, it's just that if there was no PT for modern they would be much less concerned about making any bannings at all except for things that are huge huge problems or mistakes. I suspect if there was no modern PT instead of these bannings we'd be much more likely to simply see zero bans or unbans.
Maybe they realized that Shinobu's Vow would be stupid OP? Granted bladedancers have pretty crap exotics for PvP. They'll probably have to nerf skip grenades horribly like they did to scatter grenades if they do release it.
That's exactly it though. They haven't released this exotic yet. Looking at it you can tell it's too strong and needs to be changed before it's released. People data-mined it though and know about it beforehand and expect it to come out now. Then they'll be mad if it comes out and gets changed to be less overpowered.
They didn't ban it because it's the "best deck" though, they banned the card because it warped the meta-game around it. You HAD to have a way to deal with twin t4 or you couldn't compete. They banned it for the health of the format so that people can brew and create varying decks without having to worry "how do I beat t4 twin" in every scenario. The thing about the modern PT is that it puts modern under the public eye more so they're forced to keep it healthy. They don't have to worry as much about the format if it isn't going to get that much public attention.
Oh I absolutely don't think that the exotic not being out yet has anything to do with balance issues. They have no problem releasing an exotic and if it's overpowered nerfing it later. It not releasing is absolutely about creating artificial longevity in the game. My point is that I wouldn't get excited or really think anything about Exotics from data-mining. They can easily be totally different when they release or could be decided to not release at all. The "microphone" rocket launcher for example was said by Bungie to never actually be a thing and isn't going to ever "come out", it's just left over from testing.
I mean...this is assuming you have a bunch of the cards already such as the fetches right? If you count all the other cards in the deck (not to mention 800+ in duals) it really adds up fast. There is a decent bit of overlap though.
I'm almost jealous of stores that even have actual judges at their pre-releases. Mine usually does I believe but I don't think always. And they certainly don't seem to do much most of the time. Sounds like a kind of crappy situation but I've experienced my fair share of shady things going on at pre-releases. Best is when one Judge seemed to have an impossibly amazing deck. Of course this was earlier on when I started playing and of course neither I or anyone else said anything. I don't mean anyone saw him put cards in his deck etc but we're talking 3/4 bomb Mythics in the same color pair (gold cards back in gatecrash) two of which were the same card, and none of them were the promo. On top of that all the other rares and uncommons seemed to be in the same color pair too. Stuff happens and it can happen all too easy when there's a lot of people crowded together. Judges have a tough job and sometimes they need to do less "fun" things. That said part of the issue here seems to be that they didn't give adequate time back to you and your friend after the investigation for what they took away from your deck building. It also seems a bit poorly handled how open and public the investigation etc was where everyone seemed to be judging you because of it. It's hard to get around but it's certainly something that can be very intimidating and frustrating to be on the receiving end of. This is one reason why it's good in GPs etc for people to have random deck checks so that it's not obvious that Judges are being "unfairly" suspicious of any particular person. Not that this is really reasonable at a pre-release.
It appears this only applies to in store pre-orders? I think I remember their online pre-orders opening once or twice after the 18th as well. Regardless I checked and am glad to say my online order was made on the 17th. Still sad I not only didn't get the 20% off from Best Buy but also have to pay like $12 shipping but I'll take that over $300+ from scalpers any day. Best Buy really hates me too because I have probably got 6+ emails from them since the 12th when the game was announced for pre-order for "Are you still interested in this product?" linking me to the special edition page that has had "not available online" ever since then consistently. Honestly Nintendo really needs to get their shit together with pre-orders. They're a disaster.
I'm debating this myself. On one hand I feel like I knowingly spent money on this game knowing it was an online game and could go away at any time. At the same time FUCK Gumi. They've been a horrible company lately and blatantly lie to their customers. They literally dismissed rumors of a shutdown days before announcing a shutdown with no justification. They constantly had bugs and issues that they half assed at best to try to address. One of the biggest problems is that a lot of times your "refund" is from Google etc not actually from Gumi. It's hilariously disgusting that they pushed global exclusive paid content RIGHT before announcing the shut down as many people spent a LOT of money on that. The fact that they are not announcing why they're closing the game and don't seem to be shutting down BF is even more questionable. Doesn't help that most of my recent purchases were through the Amazon app store due to their coins promotion and supposedly at least Amazon and Apple have much worse refund policies. Anyone have any experience or luck trying to file for a refund through Amazon or Google for previously spent Prysma?
Link to that game?
People complain about Iron Banner Control because there's so many people that don't play the objective... So in response Bungie decides to put out Iron Banner RIFT? Are you fucking kidding me? Rift is probably the single worst crucible gametype with the most balance issues. Hello Iron Banner spawn camping and mercy rule. It's like Bungie is trying to kill their game more and more.
Here's our third wave of Emotes!!! Also we nerfed Fusion rifles while we were at it because we felt generous.
Except Rift has been horrible since the day it came out. The spawns are incredibly dumb and you can easily spawn camp teams with minimal organization. Not to mention how easy it is to grab the heavy and camp spawns even more.
The problem is that Rift is the ONLY 6 man game type that does not at any time ever change spawns. When you're dealing with the amount of fireteams playing Iron Banner you're going to have pretty much EVERY match devolve into spawn camping for points. This is especially going to be a problem when there are bounties etc that reward you based on score etc.
I wish my store did FNM draft instead of Modern or Standard. Even though I own 3 Modern decks...I should really go to FNM more probably.
I just assumed this would be a given for any sealed event especially with Expeditions now being a thing. I wonder if it's just Judges/Stores not being use to it. Might be that they think the pool swapping is quicker and don't want to spend more time. Makes things quicker if people drop out too. All said it's a pretty crappy situation.
This is always horrible news to hear. But I have to ask why a single store would have $17k in Expeditions on hand that could be stolen like that. $75k in total. I'm all a fan for secure safes and if you have that much in value you likely have a lot of copies of valuable cards you really shouldn't have more than 1 of any expedition on display. Also seems very bizarre to break into a store with a water meter turn off key especially if they left it behind.
The sad thing is if Gumi didn't kill CC I'd likely have played PoTK and enjoyed and likely even put money into both. I LOVE Fire Emblem and PoTK looks great in the same sort of style. Too bad since it's being run by Gumi I'm not going to touch it. Actually I take that back, I might download it just so I can give it a 1 star rating and tell everyone how horrible Gumi is.
And this is one of many reasons I haven't touched Destiny in 2 weeks. Crucible matches where you can't pick up heavy or special ammo are the best. Had a friend who had to come to me so I could open ammo boxes for him since he couldn't himself. The only pvp that seems even remotely stable to play is Trials and between none of my friends really wanting to play and the rewards being entirely not worth it why bother? Looks like Iron Banner is going to be me logging in on the last day or so and turning in bounties I have from last IB just to buy the Class item on my Titan. Sad too since I wouldn't mind some of the armor and actually having a reason to play. Between the shit quality of the servers/pvp matchmaking and LOL IB Rift that isn't going to happen. Also as someone with a barely 1.1 or so average KD in pvp I'd like to know how I still get consistently horribly laggy matches and tons of people with flawless trials or scarab emblems in most all games? Even then I usually end up leading my team with a barely positive KD while the other teams are usually way better. wtf Bungie?
wouldn't have helped and been worth it to draw 3-4 cards just to discard him. I didn't have a bunch of cards in graveyard or anything, it was just random that I hit EVERY card aside blightsteel first. I would have won fairly easily if I actually got blightsteel out with cards left in library.
There seems to be a LOT of mana abilities that only work at sorcery speed currently. Kozilek's Translator being the most obvious one that comes up in limited now.
Probably needs to be tested against a deck with all 1-ofs to test if it's actually happening or just bad luck and coincidences. Just you know, cause it's MTGO so who knows. I know they "fixed" the ponder bug but I still cast ponder and shuffled my deck only to have the same 3 cards on top recently...in cube. The odds of that happening are so absurdly low that with MTGO's track record...yeah.
[[Endbringer]] laughs at your silly cup island traps.
I didn't know this was an unusual thing. This happens every time I run my hunter on Oryx. I try to see if I can blast the Thrall off the map. Typical what goes up...flies away forever.
Is there any way to get a TL:DR on what is confirmed and isn't confirmed to being changed as well as what is suspect to being changed or censored? It's so hard to figure out at this point as someone who hasn't been paying 100% attention to everything.
I would LOVE if they brought Cipher to the west...sadly they likely won't. And if they do it'll be like 1 set then die.
The best part is it seems they really liked to put mimics near other enemies such that you could accidentally hit them.
Try to lure multiple enemies together as much as possible to kill with a single AoE attack. This lets you get more experience and prevents you from having to repair your equipment since you don't have to use as many attacks lowering it's durability. Larger heavy weapons are always better since they have the biggest AoE skills with better hitboxes while hitting harder. Be careful about sending anyone back to your firelink shrine if they ask you to go or they might kill your firekeeper and then you're screwed.
what makes you say that? What about it?
Haven't watched Clanned. I didn't drop it because it was such a small thing but for the first few episodes it drove me insane. Specifically the mc his eyes just were so poorly done imo and clashed with the whole art style which otherwise was good.
The NX is actually a joint venture between Nintendo and Sony and they're from now on going to be working together to make consoles again from here on.
My assumption is that talking about the curse triggers it to kill him and reset him back to whenever his last "checkpoint" is. Assuming it's some sort of magic from the witch or whatever that is causing it the smell is coming from the magic starting to activate. Normally the smell is just a lingering of the effect on him in some way. Maybe it's the effect effectively telling the dogs to kill him as well? I'm honestly not sure the madbeasts are really in any way controlled by the witch. They may have been made by her but not really under her control.
It's a shame that if what I've seen/read people post is accurate the anime could cover up through LN 9 which is as far as is currently released in LN form. And we'll be lucky if we get that in English within 3-4 years at Yen Press's typical release pace based on the first novel's release. Supposedly the web novel it's being edited into LN from is much further but it'll take ages to get to that point D:
I got Yuria's gear despite her dying during the final fight with the soul of cinder...is that not normal?
But this isn't a picture of Yui. I'll take either. Her odds would probably be a lot higher if the OVA was already out.
She had like...one or two lines I think? I kept seeing her on the different lists and stuff and kept wondering if I was forgetting something.
Watch the second. Then proceed to feel empty inside.
Sometimes it depends on dvd/blu-ray sales. Sometimes there isn't enough content for a second sequel. (Sometimes there eventually is a second season once there is more of the whatever it's based on if it's based on a LN or Manga etc). Sometimes the rights holders determine that the boost to the LN/Manga etc from the anime has reached a saturation point where further anime won't boost it more and be profitable. (This is the supposed case with the Index series). Sometimes it seems certain studios just never do sequels and thus other studios don't end up doing sequels to a show that another studio did and that studio has no plans to ever do a sequel. Sometimes it's just because life sucks and isn't fair.
Is there any consensus on what are the good/bad companies when it comes to licensing Anime for NA? As far as good/bad quality of releases and or timing?
Part of me imagines this was all over the course of a single day rather than day after day. Another part of me wants the dad to just have a bb gun or something and shoot back at the kid at the end.
I use to get in a lot of fights with my parents and especially my dad. I said a lot of crap and was real mean. I know I've apologized and made sure I've told him that I do not in fact hate him but I still hate myself every time I think of it and remember all the things I've said and done.
Dare I ask what's wrong with the Index release? I've actually considered getting it when I had the funds so I'm actually concerned. I doubt they fixed any problem they had when they did the combined collection? Viz luckily doesn't look like has much of anything I'd care about to begin with. Shame to hear about the Pokemon Movie collection though, seems really dumb.
Where do I apply to have family in Japan?
Well that's just plain disappointing.
Incomplete/horrible adaptations. Made considerably worse when they end up with horrible endings, typically original endings they made up for the show, that completely ruin any chance of the show getting an actual continuation.
He does in fact open a rare that quickly gets passed off as just some garbage. [It's not](/s "force of will") D: spoiler tags don't work on this subreddit?
I didn't buy a box because I couldn't justify the $300 price tag for the odds I'd have when I knew I'd end up cracking it instead of drafting it. (RIP having 7 friends I can get to draft with me easily.) The one draft I've done so far I ended up ahead of what I paid in entry ~40 but whole the money cards I know of barely break ~$170 and almost half of that is in a single foil. The rest of the rares and money uncommons might crank the total up somewhat but that's hardly reliable. 3 Mythics totaling ~$40 is kind of lackluster but entirely average and expected. I really wish Wizards would stop jacking the msrp up on these sets so much. I'd LOVE to see a $5 or $6 msrp for packs and no guaranteed foil. Then have a larger print run and we'd actually see more reasonable prices on the extremely expensive cards. As a whole the set seems really fun but the actual value is concentrated on such few specific cards it's a huge gamble.
You realize that if the box msrp was lower and the box "value" on the cards was higher without an insanely small print run that drives the prices down right? That's my whole point. Standards set recently have had times where they are slightly over ~$100 box price on average but this only lasted a short bit after release until prices were driven down.
Pretty sure it's the "cult of the witch" or something that attacked the village. This is why Rem gets so angry at Subaru for having the smell of the witch and suspecting he's part of this group. Roswaal saved the twins from this attack...though it's not clear if he was part of the attack and simply spared them or what. If the demons use their horns to absorb mana from their surroundings it makes sense that Ram needs him to provide her with mana. We know that when Subaru used up all his mana he was basically unable to move so I imagine if she can't absorb mana from her surroundings she'd be in serious trouble very quickly if there's no way for her to get any more. Also worth mentioning that while the Dragon helped defeat or seal or do something with the witch...I don't think anyone really knows it's goals or plans or anything so it's not necessarily easy to say it's a "good" being.
It seems like there could definitely be more going on. Ram seems to owe him or depend on him in some way. (She could need him to provide her with mana to survive since without a horn she can't absorb any from her surroundings.) Rem seems to just be sticking with Ram. Beatrice seems to have some deal with him...she seems to have some sort of contract with him along with the library. She seems reluctant to leave and stray very far from it at all. Emilia...don't know. She seems to be taking what she can get and doesn't have many options with the position she's in.
I took it as one person cutting her horn but that not being the same guy as holding/carrying her afterwards. The one holding her was definitely Roswaal. I thought it was him helping intervene and save them at which point he then took them in to live/work at his mansion with him.
Is it possible to use any sort of spell to push mimics without causing them to activate? Does force push them?
This card would be stupid with collected company... I realize that isn't saying much aside how busted collected company is.
As unlikely as it may be, there's a chance the the NX will have bluray so it could be on the disk easier. Then it'd only possibly need data packs for the wii u.
Does this work with the cat ring rather than the tears of denial? I realize that it wouldn't help in a speed run but I'm curious.
Tears bypasses lethal falls? I assumed it worked similarly to spook etc where if it was an instant kill it wouldn't save you.
Which was the filler episode?
Right. But the wii discs are much more limited on space than a bluray disc would be. This means you can have higher resolution and higher detailed environments that are downloadable but not able to all fit on the disc. If you have a disc with a larger storage size you can include more of this on the disc. Most every game as far as I know on xbox one and ps4 installs the content from the disc onto the hard drive to reduce loading times, you just don't have to download all the content. The big problem with the Wii U as far as that goes is the minuscule hard drive size. Luckily...this SHOULDN'T be the case with the NX with how cheap storage is becoming.
Cause it's not possible that the incredibly sub-par coverage is turning away potential viewers. There's only so much I can put up with when trying to watch coverage when it's so bad. A zoomed in image of the table with no coverage or commentary at all would be better than a large amount of official coverage that we get. Not to even begin to mention how bad things are with the breaks and skipping around covering random crap and cutting in the middle of content.
There could be some argument to be had about it not being only a good thing if they're spending a ton of money to have this sort of a meeting and it's producing 0 results and wasting the time of everyone involved. Which based on the past track record...would not be a stretch.
I don't have much experience with the deck but playing the storm deck in the legacy gauntlet I had a few times where I cast 3 or 4 infernal tutors before grabbing tendrils. It seemed weird but also the easiest way I could think of to get the extra storm I needed to kill. Is there something wrong with doing it or something you should be doing instead? It might have been partially since I wasn't sure how the displayed storm count on tendrils worked when you were searching your library but when you have extra mana with an empty hand and are at 7 storm...what else should you do? This usually came up in situations where I had like...12+ floating, was amazed how many times I ended up with 3 LED and infernal tutor.
If you have any number of eldrazi cards in your deck this seems insane. The sideboard clause is probably the least relevant though. Even if you just have one eldrazi in your deck, if it's any good (which if you're playing with it it probably is) this is a tutor for that card. Then on top of that this lets you get the card back if your opponent used exile based removal. The downside is that it's in blue and can't get the card back from the graveyard which is more likely with removal than exile.
At least I wasn't wanting a legendary werewolf commander. This guy just seems...lame. This could be a vanilla non-legendary rare and it'd still just be mediocre. Flavor wise it just doesn't do anything and even gameplay wise it just feels weak. IMO the card needs either flash (which would be great as a combat trick AND for commander) or the face ability needs to grant Haste. (He could be a 8/8 haste for 5 that way) The fact he doesn't do ANYTHING for other werewolves just makes him really lame imo. I think it'd be cool if he did something like change werewolves to only care about non-creature spells in regards to flipping back to human.
I know people are sick of the Eldrazi and all...but I think it'd be pretty amazing if Emrakul just saunters onto Innistrad, corrupts some angels and shit, makes them into new Eldrazi Titans and then just they all peace out as the plane gets horribly messed up. Oh you killed Ulamog and Kozilek? Ok here lemme just take these two super powerful angels you had and fuse them together into giant horror as a new Titan to replace them.
Well to be fair if he keeps dying when it doesn't...he's kind of right.
Indeed it was
Notably though we have colorless cards at the start which means everything gets pushed back. Emrakul is 6 after all.
I love this flavor...but since I'm assuming the front side won't be an Eldrazi there's one really bad mechanical failure here. Coax from the blind eternities lets you get an Eldrazi card from exile or your sideboard...but you can't "see" the back side of flip cards in those zones. This means we can have all these Eldrazi cards that can't be tutored for, which makes the card even worse. I get the flavor and why the cards would only transform into Eldrazi...but it kind of falls flat when you want to have a versatile tutor effect.
RIP [[pattern of rebirth]] q.q. Green seems to have been hit harder than I expected.
they definitely don't go in the same deck. Pattern is basically a second natural order in the green decks. It's great with creatures that can sacrifice themselves like Sakura tribe elder
I thought this was next month...July 2016 not 2017. The suffering is real.
new FMP (I can't believe this is actually happening. I'd hope they actually finish the full series of novels...but that'd be a LOT of anime) Steins;gate 0 whenever that finally happens. Hard to imagine that we're actually likely to get the game in english before the anime airs. Last EVA movie...if that ever actually happens ha.
I'm a pretty big Oregairu fan but Megumi definitely should have won that one...
Ok I love Steins;gate...one of the reasons none of this makes me that salty is that best girl won 2 years ago...but why the hell does Mayuri get so much love? She was the worst character in the series to me...can someone explain?
Should be from the first episode with her in it I believe. Episode 3 I want to say? It's before their game iirc.
It's not clear exactly how his power works and how save points, so to speak, work. It's clearly not just as soon as he sleeps and wakes up since the second arc was over the course of about 4 days and each time he died he went back to the start of the first. Considering not knowing how your own power works but knowing you go back to X point whenever you die...you pretty much would have to just suicide ASAP once shit went wrong and hope you go back far enough.
This makes a lot of sense. It'd be weird to have one half of a team trying to counter the plays of the other half. Also the extra turn after you control them with emrakul would be totally messed up if only half of the team got it.
Blue is too strong. We're not longer going to print blue planeswalkers. We will be printing two white planeswalkers regularly instead. I'm okay with this.
Knowing that you're going to go back in time and not "really" die would certainly help the mental aspect of it. Combined with the fact that he seems to be able to literally just try telling someone about his condition and it will kill him and I think he could manage. Plenty of people manage to be able to kill themselves. Certain ways are physically impossible such as you can't just choose to not breath and suffocate yourself but it's certainly something you can do if you try.
I guess it's a decent argument but idk. I'd say his mental state is pretty out there considering how isolated he is in understanding what he's gone through etc. I'm pretty sure the witch's scent doesn't actually get stronger each time he dies. It gets stronger when he tries to tell someone about his condition or seems to brood over it too much and not do anything to "progress". I assume when he dies it resets to whatever it was like at the point where he comes back. Pretty sure the scent gets stronger when the black hand or whatever it is that we see goes toward crushing his heart. I assume it's some manifestation of the witch's ability that would kill him if he told someone about the reset by death thing such that it resets him so nobody ever finds out. The scent comes from that activation of sorts and that's why it gets worse if he tries to tell anyone about it. Also possible that it gets worse if he doesn't do anything to "progress" toward whatever goal it is that he's meant to do as this draws monsters to him and will get him killed thus resetting him as well.
Would be insane with the ability to play 5 colors if you wanted or just run weenies and any of the mass token producing spells assuming you run some anthem affects. Would be very interesting with [[Emeria, the sky ruin]] since you'd be able to ramp up to 7 plains very easily.
I really don't like this mechanic from a gameplay design and even more from a draft design. Though if it's real I'll put my faith in Wizards to making it work somehow. The need to get both cards to make it work in limited seems poorly designed and the need to have both cards in constructed likewise seems bad. It has the feeling where if you had rare/mythic cards like this you'd feel really let down to open one but then never get the other. Imagine a kid opening a pack and getting a cool mythic or rare...but it's only half of the "card" and they never get the other half. Wizards certainly makes cards that work well together but they tend to not like making cards that can't stand on their own as well. Also it's a really lame mechanic for chaos draft or cube...just thought I'd mention that.
Agree with the point that a reset would ruin his development but at the same time it feels like he should be practically running to jump out a window multiple times this episode. And considering how "smart" he was with using the witch's scent to lure the monsters etc he seems like he'd be smart enough to abuse his power when he realizes he royally fucked things up. It's hard to really want either because on one hand the reset screws up any actual development with other characters but at the same time it feels wrong for him to not try to use it.
Not nearly as bad considering leveling up in Overwatch has very little point. You get a loot box but other than that you don't really progress in any way. It's much better having something to try to discourage constant quitting than nothing for the rare times you get DC'd. I'll take -75% experience for a few games if I get dc'd if it means I'm not playing all my matches with uneven teams as soon as one side is losing at all. If anything I think the -75% experience isn't a big enough deter ant to quitters since being down even just one person on your team is such a huge disadvantage. Not even comparable to losing out on potential hour+ of work in Trials and ruining your record and chance at getting rewards or flawless.
I don't see why it wouldn't have english subs. There's official subs from the English cinema releases. The Madoka Rebellion movie has english subs on the Japanese blu-ray release and this is also by the same studio. Do you have a source on it not having english subs?
There's an OVA later this year but that's it as far as I'm aware.
http://myanimelist.net/news/46254389 Suppose to come with the 11th novel release.
Ironically black actually has a number of answers since you control it. Ways to sacrifice your own permanents.
If "at times" is all the time I suppose.
hmm I think I'm mistaken. I thought there was an [[Angelic Purge]] style black card.
If you use the land to loot on your opponents turn it won't. Spirit goes by each turn so you are allowed to draw your card for turn and a card on your opponents turn. Your opponent doesn't get both draws however since they already drew for turn and then just have to discard.
I think worst case it's a legendary colorless land. Makes it hard to play more than 2 of them.
The ability to discard loam as well if you don't need it is pretty cool though I agree likely not that big of a deal. I don't know if the deck can really run any more colorless sources than they already do.
This is one clear card that should be an easy hit for a FNM promo. If Wizards somehow misses this one it's a clear mistake. Right up there with path and bolt promos.
Path was a player rewards promo (I think, some other promo) and a FNM promo, Bolt was a player rewards promo. I'm saying that this could be a promo right up there with path and bolt as far as high quality A+ promo that people would want.
Based on the wording of this...you can't just play it for G and not pay 2 energy and return it to hand to get an energy if you actually have 2 energy? The wording says if you can't pay 2 energy you return it, not if you don't. So if you can are you forced to pay it? Makes it slightly less broken with revolt and energy production in general but also very weird. Regardless (and especially if you can just keep bouncing it even if you can pay) it gets really strong with any of the effects that give you energy or w/e on a creature entering the battlefield.
I don't think this is better than any of the lords already in merfolk but it's interesting. It's colorless so it gets through protection (only really relevant against etched champion) and it can give you creatures a lasting effect even if it eventually dies. The fact it doesn't boost creatures that were already in play before it entered is a big negative though.
Yeah...I've sat around punching a doomed Ronin 3+ times while I lost my last bar+ of health and got executed instead more times than is remotely reasonable. This at least looks like you both got doomed and he got the execution off on you first, you just punched him while he was doing the execution animation.
I was really hoping this was somehow the kill I got as Reinheart where I perfectly timed a charge on a Mei as she stopped being a snowman.
Can you explain the relevance of the difference? Is it just that rather than being something like tap: target creature can't block it's triggered such that it works with vehicles and does not require haste since you can crew vehicles without haste? Kind of sad how well Inspired would have worked in Kaladesh with Vehicles and yet instead we got it in a block where it felt very poorly implemented. It'd work with crewing vehicles and even the name makes sense with the invention theme of Kaladesh.
When I started reading the cards I got really excited thinking we'd get a new version of [[Nihil Spellbomb]] considering how needed graveyard hate is in standard right now. But NOPE. Instead we get one or two mediocre cards and some hot garbage cards.
While this is true, the pilot turret seems way better. Set a pilot turret down in a line of sight to the AI spawn and it'll just rack up points like crazy, plus it will kill enemy players as well. Then you can run over to the other spawn if you want and be getting points from both AI spawns. The fact that the smart pistol takes multiple locks to kill the robotic AI and is limited to 24 shots really sucks, not to mention that it replaces your anti-titan weapon which tends to be very important, especially with the bounty Titans.
I mean the fact that they put out a mission that is inherently reliant on achieving X people participating since individual players are limited in their contribution doesn't help. Oh you really want to help and do all that you can? Well you can do at most 2 scans per day, have fun. Wonder Trade or egg hatching a single person can contribute far more. The first mission was an absurdly high goal and convoluted method to even participate which most new players had no idea about.
They really should have these missions be tiered rewards. Start at the 400 FC and then scale up with how far we get to the 4k at the max goal. Nintendo really doesn't understand online gameplay or implementation. The system to even know about the event let alone participate in it is so convoluted. Even if you sign up for the event and do your scans you might not get credit for them if you don't game sync after that and you aren't even told this in any way.
I don't think it helped that most of the players were building their decks blind Thursday night before the full set was officially spoiled.
Does the cosmog you pick up in game come in a cherish ball? I've yet to get it since I plan on soft resetting it and haven't had the time.
When did you try playing Symphonia? It was my first tales game and I adored it, though I admit that trying to play the anniversary version on the ps3 was miserable as the game is extremely outdated now. Amazed that the ps2 port from the gamecube, while adding content, made the game considerably worse with cutting the framerate from 60 to 30 among other things. I played Xillia and enjoyed the story and I'd like to finish Xillia 2 but the absurd debt grind garbage made me quit because it was so frustrating. I also felt like while the story was pretty decent (some great characters) in Xillia the battle system was not stellar and very unintuitive. It doesn't help that Sorey seems to follow the trend of the kind of garbage bland main characters we've had so many of since Lloyd. I'm optimistic that Velvet looks far more interesting.
I thought this was normal? Didn't they change when they announce bans now to being the week before the set releases rather than the week/Monday after?
Oh right. My mistake. Does seem a bit suspicious then. Best guess they want to prevent people buying up a new card just for it to be banned. Or they got their wires crossed with when they changed the announcement date to.
I've heard nothing but generally good things about Berseria so far aside the idiotic censoring so I'm cautiously optimistic. Many are saying it's the best Tales game since 2011 or so at least. I definitely tried to play the Symphonia HD release on ps3 and the game is extremely dated. It being a mediocre port of a bad port doesn't help though. Symphonia was actually before Namco had joined Bandai I believe, the battle system at the time was basically the infant that eventually evolved into more or less what we have today. I feel like we've just had too much changed to it constantly to make things overly complicated. I'm just sitting here debating buying the ps4 limited edition or if I want it on pc. It's hard to trust the PC port without any look at it though.
I mean I'm not saying Gitaxian probe wasn't deserving of a ban, and I'm not saying phyrexian mana isn't broken...but man Wizards HATES blue can trips. Personally I think [[become immense]] should have been banned well before Gitaxian probe was banned.
Technically it's the client to server rate that's 20hz, not the server to client I believe. This is why there are so many issues with network choke for basically everyone (despite people not being aware of it) since on source engine having a lower client rate than server rate causes issues.
Literally the one thing I want currently. I'm sick of the garbage network issues. The fact that the population (on pc) isn't huge makes them worse too as even with a good server ping it means nothing for ping in matches.
If Dredge survives and is competitive I'd assume so yes. I had someone argue with me that they'll just replace grave troll with [[golgari brownscale]] because it's good against the aggro decks but going from a dredge 6 to dredge 2 the deck just wouldn't work. It will likely work with dredge 4 but lose consistency. Add on the fact that grave troll could work as a viable win condition in certain causes where that was necessary and the deck definitely loses a decent bit of power. The question is if that's enough to totally kill the deck. The other question is what new decks could possible arise in modern with [[fatal push]] and other aether revolt cards. Is there a viable esper deck etc? We'll have to see how good dredge will be without grave troll and how it matches up against new decks. I'm curious is [[Yahenni’s Expertise]] is good enough to see any modern play. It conveniently kills all of the creatures in dredge while letting you play a 3 drop and matches up decently against most other aggro decks as well, but I don't know what deck it would fit into at the moment.
Yeah I think maindeck darkblasts are going to be pretty important, but it'll depend on if they're actually good in the format/meta. Would suck to need to run them just for the dredge 3 if they don't actually kill anything relevant. Will be interesting if esper becomes a thing and makes lingering souls more prevalent, though I wouldn't say darkblast is great against lingering souls like it is against affinity.
I really want to play the ps3 version of Vesperia...but I don't have a modded or easily modable ps3 (as far as I'm aware). Really does feel like Namco hates anyone outside Japan...which isn't actually too uncommon for publishers it seems.
I just want to know the extent of the censorship and if it's possible to remove it on PC if it's extreme. In theory they're saying this is a worldwide PC release...so maybe the PC version won't be censored like the NA ps4 release? (Yeah, trying to be optimistic with that). I'm not sure if people have already found more that's censored beyond the one opening cutscene or not, been trying to ignore the issue more than not to stop being frustrated about it. Excited we're getting a demo to see if it actually runs decently on pc at least. Does Denuvo require always-online internet connection as part of it's DRM?
Sure am glad I can't get that buying it physically...stupid ps4 theme preorder crap.
Oh, I totally get that. It's just still following the trend to a degree.
The full game hasn't been released yet though has it? I'm just worried if this is actually the only change or not. As far as it being possible to edit the scene it depends on if there's an actual Japanese release of the PC version. I don't think there is but if there was and it had the old scene it would be fairly trivial to swap it in most likely.
