This fact cannot be stressed enough
No duh. It still wasn't opened by a golf ball tho
Andrew Wiggins fucking sucks. I can’t trade him, and I can’t bring myself to drop him
/sad trombone fart
2-4-1 isn’t as much of a thing in Points from what I can tell. Wiggins accrues fewer points than most waiver fodder currently
ZBo is currently still a better basketball player than any of the youth behind him. Joerger loves ZBo. Eventually he’ll likely get rested in favor of giving the young bigs minutes, but he’s going to help more than not for the majority of the season
And Ted Thompson is stepping down. The football gods are doing good work!
Yeah, he almost outscored my entire team tonight. Woof
He almost outscored my entire team
Any update on Draymond?
Everyone’s coming in here to talk about Gerald when the superior Green (Draymond) lit it up tonight
I really don’t care for the Titans, but I’ve rooted for the Packers for longer than they’ve been local
Holding in 10 man without IR. Would've looked to trade if I weren't undefeated
Same. Feels bad man
Sleeping so hard they call me Rip Van Winkle
Without treat reinforcement/training, my Boykin Spaniel would find family members by name. We’d say “Go find X,” and she’d first go check their respective bedroom and then search the rest of the house. She knew us by name. It was the damndest thing
Boogie plays every game and is incredible
Why would you ever try to throw hands with James Johnson? He's a legitimate Chuck Norris-esque badass
Harris has been great. Such a high floor, which is what you need to mix in with some volatile guys, even though he can explode himself. He won't hurt you. Though, I feel like I can't really decide who I'd like best between Harris, Barton, and JRich. They all kinda function the same way for fantasy purposes, but I'm not sure who the best own of the three would be
Memphian here. This story is disgusting and just a mess. Even if everything had somehow been consensual, it’s still a man in his 20s having relations with a minor after being tasked with guiding said minor through faith. It’s a stain on Memphis and the Christian faith as a whole. It’s a stain on humanity
Now to debate grabbing Sabonis by dropping Collins or Jaylen Brown. I feel like Collins probably will break out. He’s been very good even in small minutes. Brown frustrates the hell out of me
In a Points league, DLo just got dropped by the Turner owner to grab Sabonis because of no IL. Should I drop Jaylen Brown, Gary Harris, or John Collins for DLo? I have Bron, Boogie, Draymond, Simmons, The Lord, Donovan, Dunn, Ingram, Wiggins, and Conley. Part of me is thinking Brown, but I also think he could be awesome, but I think DLo must be grabbed
JRich
DSJ probably? Bradley has been very bad in Points
DLo for Points, but LaVine can be more helpful for a lot of builds I'd imagine
Dunn, Collins, Mitchell, and Draymond all went sub-15 for me tonight. Three of them were waiver pickups, and Draymond has been awesome though, so it's no biggie
Trades are borderline impossible in this league. I’d be making the drop for DLo because the DLo owner ran out of healthy bodies and is fighting for a playoff spot, but couldn’t work out a trade in time to be able to win this week. I figure I’d rather have DLo than either of them, but I can probably afford to drop Collins now and swap him for Brown once Collins starts seeing more minutes. Brown has been very meh to bad in Points for over a month, but he can play SG, SF, and PF, he sees a ton of minutes, and he plays for one of the league’s best teams, so you’d think opportunity would arise
I'm not sure how much value Chriss is going to have as long as the hip is an issue
Barton for Beas methinks
I'd drop Fox yeah
Drop Jaylen Brown or Collins for DLo? Points league without IL where trading more or less doesn't happen. DLo just got dropped by an owner who ran out of healthy bodies this week and is fighting for a playoff spot. My team is pretty stacked otherwise. LeBron, Boogie, Draymond, Simmons, The Lord, Mitchell, Dunn, Wiggins, Harris, Ingram, and Conley, in addition to Collins and Brown. I'm in first place currently with the playoffs as a near lock, and Brown did have a good game in London, so I'm leaning Collins for now, just to get DLo on my roster
I agree. Pick up Lauri out of that list
If the Grizz can trade Tyreke, I think that's a sign Conley probably will come back. If they can't, it's because they couldn't get a solid return or because they're going to shut Conley down and need Reke in order to get fans to attend the tank
He shall rise again. Fear not
I don't disagree, but I definitely figured Waiters would hurt his value a bit if he came back. Now he should be a lock to keep playing big minutes
1. Do I think Memphis will trade him or at least try? Absolutely. They want a first rounder for him. 2. Do I think he’ll get shut down if he’s not traded? Only if Conley comes back strong. They’ll end up resting Gasol, Conley, Parsons, and Evans in some combination as they tank it on down 3. Do I think they’ll play him to he pukes to show they want to win? Memphis doesn’t have a loser mentality about it yet. This season breaks one of the longest playoff streaks in the NBA should the Grizz miss. They plan on trying to build a winning roster around Conley and Gasol, and they plan on showing off what Reke can do in the meantime. If Conley gets shut down, Reke will feast in loserball as he has most of the season. If Conley comes back, they’ll probably try to run some sort of successful offense with both Conley and Tyreke in an attempt to get Tyreke to sign another deal in Memphis. This season has been painful as a devout member of Grizzlam, but Evans is pretty much the only bright spot so far
If [as] wants to go to a hard TV-MA (i.e., say fuck, cunt, and cocksucker), BoJack would be an ideal syndicated show to help launch Adulter Swim. Still, its best syndicated home will depend on its editing
I completely disagree with the idea that he’s just not that good this year. He was playing incredibly before he hurt his back, and his performance now isn’t merely a regression to the mean. He’s in a slump because he’s playing well below what had already been established as average for him this season
This...is not ideal
Pretty much everyone behind Tyreke is trash. Maybe give some run to Selden and Brooks, who both *might* be basketball players, but Ben McLemore is terrible, Andrew Harrison is terrible, and the rest of the roster is made up of Conley, Gasol, and misfit veterans who play below average ball. I don't see the Grizzlies outright benching Evans for Brooks and Selden though
It's exactly this
What's a king to a god? What's a god to a non-believer? Who don't believe in anything?
Either or both Dedmon and Collins in Atlanta could make serious noise in the second half
The only issue is that he’s on a one year deal
My top three picks, LeBron, Boogie, and Draymond, plus Donovan Mitchell gave me a good evening. 3 30+ games and another 26 from DMitch! Andrew Wiggins on the other hand...
Then I went Conley, Wiggins, at 4 and 5, so that’s rough haha. Got Simmons though
R/usernamechecksout
Soon. Sooooooooon
Par for the course
I’ve made good and bad drops, though I’m undefeated in Points (about to go in 2nd in total points, but I beat the guy who’s overtaking me), but I can’t top OPs two men remaining, and everything around there is a product of incredible management and/or bad drafts.
Grabbed Dunn weeks ago as an end of bench not expecting him to explode guy. He exploded. Have been holding until other guards/PGs get healthy, but they’re about to be healthy and I can’t drop Dunn. It’s in Points, so hold whomever, but I was expecting him to help me weather the storm until DLo and Conley come back, and now he’s a ROS guy
I’m undefeated with Draymond and Boogie as my only traditional bigs/guys with C eligibility. I’ve got a lot of players who have PF eligibility, but definitely aren’t PFs (Simmons, Ingram, Lord Roco, Jaylen Brown, etc.), which is how I think I’ve gotten bye. It’s way easier to mitigate a heavy backcourt and weak frontcourt in Points though I think, but, even then, an average big should outperform an average player at the 1-3 in Points, so you’d need a killer guard/SF lineup to stay successful
Why would McDaniels leave New England to join a franchise that fired a coach after getting them their first playoff win in 14 seasons, since Steve McNair’s MVP year? Not to mention that was Tennessee’s first playoff appearance in nine seasons. The Titans never should’ve hired Mularkey, but to fire him after ostensibly doing his job isn’t a great look. While a lot of it is playcalling, Mariota was downright terrible this year. He regressed miserably. He had accuracy issues, he finished with two more INTs than TDs as he only had 13 passing TDs, and he never once threw for 3+ TDs or 307+ yards (he got to 306 twice, his only times to break 275 in the regular or postseason). His YPA also dropped a whole half a yard even while throwing the most picks of his career. He finished with an 88 passer rating... He sucked. Maybe the Titans tried to get Mularkey to fire Terry Robiskie (OC) and/or Jason Michael (QBs), but Mularkey drew a line in the sand or something. Still, I’m not sure why a hot coaching candidate would want to join a franchise who just fired a guy after getting them their first playoff victory since W.’s first term in the White House ETA: It looks like McDaniels won’t be leaving New England for Nashville anyway, as reports indicate him going to Indy. Who do the Titans hire?
I’d be interested to see how long the line is to work for an employer who fired the guy who gave them their first taste of postseason success since Air McNair’s MVP season, which was during W.’s first term. I can understand restructuring the offense and getting better coaches behind Mariota, but I’m not sure it’s a great look. Plus, [Mariota was downright putrid this season](https://www.pro-football-reference.com/players/M/MariMa01/gamelog/2017/) Tennessee’s three biggest programs/franchises have had quite a bit of turmoil from a coaching/front office standpoint. The Vols, Titans, and Grizzlies all have raised eyebrows
I watched multiple. Mariota couldn’t throw a deep ball this season to save his life. Occasionally players themselves are as responsible for their poor play as the mediocre coaches behind them
Things really started going south with his back issue. I don’t think I can trade him, so at this point I’m holding to see if he gets back into form
Damn, I’m happy the Packers spent 3 picks on RB last draft. Certainly couldn’t have gotten better value, or maybe even one guy who can just stay healthy, in this year’s class
Trade and roster moves. I don’t know who’s drafting at this point other than DFS stuff
The Packers do have needs basically everywhere, including QB (gotta get a better backup). I think Williams and Jones were both serviceable to good, but both missed games due to injury, and we took 3 RBs from a shallower RB class when defense was the clearest priority. I’m happy for the front office shakeup
The Titans are undoubtedly a better team right now, but if Andrew Luck is healthy, he’s the best offensive player in the AFC South by a pretty wide margin. The Colts have a bottom offensive line and defense, a potentially elite QB, and solid offensive playmakers. The Titans have a solid OL, a promising young QB, a middle tier defense, and some questions about where its offensive ceiling is. I feel like someone like Arians would be a great hire in Nashville ETA: Rapoport is reporting McDaniels is expected to go to Indy
Mariota missed plenty of wide open passes this season. His touch just wasn’t there. He’d over or underthrow so, so many open looks. If the WR was wide open, and it was the read Mariota made, how is it purely on Mularkey’s coaching and playcalling? I’m not saying Mularkey was great, but Mariota’s prior success was also under Mularkey, and to blame everything on Mularkey is to ignore the fact that Mariota was downright bad at times. By every conceivable metric, he was a below average QB at best in 2017, not all of which can be blamed on Mularkey and Robiski. They’re not the ones throwing the ball at the end of the day. Not to mention, with Shurmur, Patricia, and McDaniels now all seemingly off the table, who do the Titans get who can get Mariota on the right path?
Michael Conley, Junior
He’s been serviceable, but nothing special since Turner suffered his most recent injury. Sabonis was a lot better earlier in the year when Turner was out with the concussion, but you could stream worse ETA: Mercy, it must be build dependent. He was awesome when I had him before Turner was out in October, and then while Turner was out in October, and then he faded hard once Turner came back. I dropped him after it became clear that the whole him and Turner coexisting thing was pure coachspeak, and he hasn’t reached the peaks he did when Turner was initially out at the beginning of the season. He’ll help in certain builds as a Turner contingency plan/handcuff/backup, but he was better in the fall when thrust into the same situation. Granted, the Pacers as a whole were a bit brighter. The likes of Thad Young and Sabonis were still quality depth. They’re both now streamers
Not everyone necessarily plays ROTO/CAT, but I agree his defensive stats and assists would be the best part about owning him if you have him there. He shot 27% and didn't get to the line, which seems to suggest he didn't drive to the basket much. Dunn was also scoring 15+ pretty frequently, so if his scoring is going to dip substantially, it's going to affect his value in various formats
Poor dude
My Tennessee license similarly reflects my increasing lack of enthusiasm from 21 to 25. Maybe it’s the picture booths? Maybe it’s the suffocating encroachment of existential dread?
I mean, if you’re in Points or punting TOs, you still probably underpaid if you got Boogie in the second round
Joerger is dying inside, trust me, but this is great news for Fox, WCS, Skal, Buddy Hield, etc.
Psh, they haven’t had a smoking section in the DMV since at least 2007, once they opened the daycares
The Conjuring: Hank Hill Director’s Cut
r/unexpected
The fact that he went full blown Meet Me in Temecula was not his best look, especially against Lowry who would throw hands. Simmons is still ahead of DMitch on my ILU rookie board though
Except in Points DMitch is still a golden child while I’m screaming at Benjamin not to get ejected and fuck up my stack with RoCo. Simmons is better, but DMitch has certainly been helping me more lately
From a fantasy standpoint, both Brees and Mariota were busts this past season, yet Brees at least had the decency to finish in the top 10. Mariota finished fantasy as QB18, as a low-end QB2, but clearly it’s all Mike Mularkey’s fault because Mularkey made him throw 15 picks and only allowed him to throw for 13 TDs. I like Mariota, but he simply had a terrible year. I truly don’t understand the crusade to defend what was statistically one of the worst seasons by any quarterback who started five games or more, by most qualified starters, in 2017. Yes, the game plan around him was often bad, but Mularkey, Robiski, and company weren’t the ones throwing the ball. Mariota was very inaccurate and was the QB helming one of the league’s worst passing attacks. Joe Flacco, who quarterbacked the worst offense in the league, still threw for more TDs and fewer picks than Mariota, but you don’t see people crying out that the bad offense had nothing to do with his level of play. How is Mularkey or Robiski responsible for every drive that died with a Mariota turnover? Or how were they wholly responsible when Mariota made the proper read, but simply could not get the ball to a wide open man? You can like Mariota and still think his level of play in 2017 didn’t help elevate the Titans above Mularkeyball. Despite missing 9.7 games, even Aaron Rodgers still passed for more TDs than Mariota, and Mike McCarthy gets bemoaned for his playcalling by damn near every Packer fan. People don’t blame Mike McCarthy for Rodgers’ broken collarbone either, but I guess Mariota played like ass purely because of the mediocracy around him
He’s a hot and cold player pretty much regardless of minutes
I keep waffling between him and Jaylen Brown as my end of bench in 10 team Points. Collins is a better asset long term if he could at least start seeing around 25 a game. Bud’s reputation about how he uses rookies combined with the fact that the Hawks are tanking makes me wary over whether he’ll get the minutes to break out officially even after the ASB
Oh for sure. If Ilyasova goes anywhere, Collins should feast. I agree that he’ll be a better sophomore prospect than rookie though
Austin Rivers is reaching for peak Coach’s Kid. Can’t stand him, the Clippers, or Chris Paul for that matter
This might be too cruel even for the Browns. I wouldn’t wish the human colostomy bag that is Ben McAdoo on anyone
I heard this guy bragging about his way with women. “I moved on her like a bitch. But I couldn’t get there. And she was married. Then all of a sudden I see her, she’s now got the big phony tits and everything. She’s totally changed her look. ... I better use some Tic Tacs just in case I start kissing her. You know, I’m automatically attracted to beautiful — I just start kissing them. It’s like a magnet. Just kiss. I don’t even wait. And when you’re a star, they let you do it. You can do anything. ... Grab ’em by the pussy. You can do anything.”
Why do Ingram, Draymond, and DLo want to make sure my opponent plays a bazillion more games than me this week?
Me too. At least he typically plays
He's got 6 TOs and counting. The double double is nice, but it's not one of his more appreciable performances haha. I appreciate that I have him on my team though
Depends on the team. I have Lord RoCo and Simmons, and it was very, very nice earlier in the year, but both have slowed down pretty significantly, so it's not as good as I'd like. It'd definitely be stupid to have 5 players though, and I wouldn't trade for Wiggins in Points ever. He's a cancer in my lineup, but no one is dumb enough to take him off my hands, and I don't wanna rage drop my 4th pick, but I'm getting close, so very close
When can I start to seriously consider dropping Andrew Wiggins? No one wants to trade for him. He and Jaylen Brown just bum me out every time I open my app
Collins has the most upside, Bazemore's been the most consistent, Prince has been the one you don't want out of the three
Reddick shouldn't be rostered in 8 man. He'd be the safer drop, especially considering he has a crack in his leg and will be missing time
Andrew Wiggins is so fucking bad a lot of the time. Can’t figure out what to do with him or Jaylen Brown honestly
Gary Harris needs a nickname
Butts with stars!
r/shitty_car_mods
Tears in the Rain...he’s dead
I'm still completely fine with us cutting Wade. I hate his attitude and haven't been a fan dating back to his Vandy days
Grizz Twitter is great
[The Grizz rn](https://thumbs.gfycat.com/JampackedUnimportantHoki-max-1mb.gif). They're finally embracing the tank! After winning the MLK game. Can't say I hate necessarily hate it as it's a race to the bottom, but I wish the Grizz wouldn't necessarily rest their stars at home. Of course, Marc and Brandan could actually be sick, but Marc will probably start having an "illness" a lot more often.
Martin absolutely should not play the 5
This game is such a weird mixture of young players making the most of their opportunity and the Knicks out-tanking us
Nah. They’re just the Knicks. They have 2 2nd round picks this draft, but are still projected to miss the playoffs. Currently in 10th in the East. It’s funny to me this Grizz team, especially tonight’s lineup, is giving them fits so far
Boogie with yet another DD despite another game with 5+ TOs. Was hoping for a monster performance after the way he started the game, but I'll settle for yet another very good performance - 19 points, 14 rebs, 7 assists, 2 blocks, and a steal with only 5 TOs!
What'd CLee say? Can't believe the Knicks didn't show up at all against our scrappy squad of UDFAs, second rounders, and Tyreke Evans
He drives me insane. One of the most frustrating players on my team, but I like him more than Wiggins and Jaylen Brown, who also frustrate me right now. Why didn’t he close out the game tonight? I noticed he wasn’t really in in the 4th
There needs to be serious Mitchell RoY talk. Simmons has been fantastic, but so has Donovan. They both play well on both ends of the court, but wow, what a night from DMitch. Very exciting prospects, and I have both this year haha. Mitchell was straight electric tonight Mitchell - 34 Pts (14-19, 1-4 3P, 5-7 FT), 1 reb, 3 assists, 3 steals. He had 3 TOs, but it's easily excusable
I felt like a thief when I grabbed him off waivers haha. So happy I did though!
His steady acclimation/late start is why I got him. He got dropped before he started rounding into form. I dropped Barton from him (didn't want two guys who occupy somewhat similar roles on the same team on my team considering it was end of bench), and I've been very pleased, even as Barton has outplayed Gary on multiple nights. I still feel Harris is the better hold ETA: To be fair, I noobishly dropped LouWill before all the injuries and him playing like Denzel trying to track down Dakota Fanning's kidnappers
Deyonta Davis Dwayne Dedmon Pretty much any big whose initials could also mean double double
A healthy Conley is a top 40 player pretty easily
Why is it buried in Early Life &amp; Education and not part of his tenure at NBC?
r/watchpeopledieinsidecats
Great. Now I’m dead inside from learning this is a thing
Bog, especially since Conley and Fox play the same position and his floor is seemingly much higher than De’Aaron’s right now. Conley’s not in like a walking boot or on crutches or even coming off or surgery or anything. His Achilles simply doesn’t feel right, and the team is being very, very careful with its most expensive player. He fully participated in the team’s off the court MLK Game stuff, which is a big deal in Memphis
This is the best news I’ve gotten this week. Between Draymond’s fake injury, Brandon Ingram and Dunn’s real injuries, and not having the waiver priority to grab Collins after he was dropped, things were getting dark. Now if only Conley would come back...
Dunn, Draymond, Ingram, Conley, and DLo. So many missed starts this week. Hopefully he recovers quickly. Losing teeth is shitty by itself, but a bonk to the brain on top of it just sucks
This is great news for Simmons and RoCo owners too. That offense just functions so much better with Embiid (obviously), even if he might limit other Sixers’ opportunities
Holy shit. RoCo and Jaylen Brown...what’re y’all doing?
Boogie has been very consistent. As had LBJ until tonight
Andrew Wiggins didn't completely piss me off tonight, so that's an improvement. Now if only the rest of my team hadn't complete shit the bed tonight...
I’m pissed I dropped Collins over him when Collins had a few games under 15 minutes haha. He’s a solid real life player, but he’s not helping me at all these days
True, but is he even worth a dime on the dollar currently? If not, that’s pretty frustrating considering he gets 30+ minutes a night on the first place team in the East
Ingram is so mediocre without Lonzo even if he does play
I’m the person who does the Disappointment threads, and there have been like four Jazz games total since I started doing them where Rubio hasn’t been mentioned. Him, Myles Turner, and me bitching about Andrew Wiggins is the backbone of that thread
It’s not the safe space we deserve, but it might be the one we need
DLo’s return has been less than stellar
DLo has been very bad/rusty tonight fwiw
I can’t believe I’m saying this, but the Grizz might be winning too many games
Yeah. It’s hopefully just rust
He’s far from a bum, but yeah him not playing since November because of Achilles soreness has sucked. He probably won’t be shut down, but best hope is that he’ll be back before the ASB. He’s doing drills and 3-on-3 last I heard, and I follow the team closely. There’s still no timetable
This is the second game in a row he's gotten quick steals to open the game, and someone shouted him out in this thread, and they were the last steals of the half for him haha
He’s not healthy, lest he’d be playing and the Grizz would be trying to make the playoffs while the West is kinda down (though the Grizz and Jazz having injuries to cornerstones is part of why that’s the case, even if they’d be fighting for a bottom seed, plus neither LA team is a contender these days), and there’s no certainty he’s going to be healthy again, but he’s not in so bad a place that the franchise has held him out of drills and light scrimmaging. Obviously he’d need to progress to 5-on-5, but if he’s not coming back, there’s not much reason to risk something so volatile as an Achilles in light workouts
In 10 team, I feel that. At the same time, on a superstitious level, it’s a good thing to have the one guy who can beat up everyone else in the league
DMitch had a rookie game tonight. So it goes
Am I the only one on this sub who's team #TankForTrae ?
We're going to mess around and potentially win this game. It's like Chris Wallace knows he'd fuck up if he had a high pick
I wouldn't be surprised if he misses at least a week
I haven't heard anything about him since he'd progressed to doing drills and 3-on-3. If his Achilles is really a ticking time bomb, I'd have to think not even Chris Wallace would be dumb enough to risk him popping it in a freaking 3-on-3 scrimmage, so hopefully he'll be back sooner or later
Dude can ball on occasion. He's been hurt most of the year, but he, Dillon Brooks, and Deyonta Davis make for the most exciting young crop of talent the Grizz have had probably since Lowry and Conley were the backcourt. Selden was wildly successful in LVSL this past summer, scoring basically at will, so he's intriguing to me as a fan of the Grizzlies if he can stay healthy and keep adjusting to big boy ball. He's only a second year player after all, but he actually was a starter against the Spurs in the playoffs last year. Obviously tonight was a career high, but it's no fluke that he can score, and he could see 25+ minutes as the Grizz begin to embrace the tank
It’s the Andrew Wiggins game!
LeBron James was my worst player tonight. I appreciate everyone. It's like Andrew Wiggins is a completely different player with Butler sidelined. Big games from Draymond, Boogie, and DMitch too. I desperately needed these performances too. Now I should remain undefeated! Also, I'm so appreciative of the fact that I can walk in the light of the Lord again! He and Simmons killed it!
I mean, I’ve regretted drafting Wiggins since October, so tonight was great for me
r/FloridaMan
DLo...has yet to make a basket from the field since returning a game and a half ago
Why would they trade him over Ilyasova, etc. when they just brought him in this offseason?
It’s like the NFL really didn’t want a Bortles vs either Keenum or Foles Super Bowl. The disparity between penalties called and what they were calling was a joke, though Jacksonville running a terrible offense for the entire second half didn’t help
He won’t be shut down. Small markets can’t afford to shut down a healthy All-Star. He might be selectively rested, but Memphis can’t do what the Suns did last season because they can’t afford the revenue hit
Very true, and I’m not going to slight someone who was putting forth time and effort to provide good information to internet strangers haha. It was a great post though, and fostered some of the best discussion
Jeremy Hill
If you’ve been able to drop and get him back a few times, it shouldn’t be too hard to do it again now that he’s going to miss a little bit of time. His rebounding and defense are why the Grizz gave him a contract though, so it should be there whenever he’s back healthy
He probably won't be shut down, but you're not going to be given any information, and he will be brought up slowly. I wouldn't drop because a team that can afford to roster him will, and when/if he comes back, he's probably going to be better than whatever streamer you got past the halfway point
Draymond Taj side by a landslide I'd think
Bradley should've been dropped eons ago in Points
Gasol and Rondo I'd think. There are a lot of mouths plus a new coach in Milwaukee. I guess it depends on how much of an upgrade Jrue would be over Rondo for you because Gasol should be solid most of the year, though expect him to have some rest games here or there as the Grizz fall out of the playoff picture
No clue, but Elmer Fudd from Space Jam is a better fantasy asset than Bradley right now
Impossible to tell. We’re still a few weeks away from the ASB, and best case is that he’ll be back before then
I'm completely biased as a Grizz fan and as a Conley owner and fan, but I think Conley is simply a better player than Millsap, especially at this point in their respective careers. Millsap's return is about when Conley's return could be - around the ASB at the soonest, so he'd be a guy who wouldn't play for you for more or less another month too
DMitch was just held scoreless for the entire first quarter on 0-2 shooting
Boogie holy shit. So happy I drafted him
Donovan, GHarris, and Simmons combined for 16 points in Points
Andrew Wiggins with a fairly efficient scoring half - 8/13 (2/3 3pt, 3/5 ft) for 21 + 2 rebs ETA: After 3, 15/23 (2/4 3pt, 4/7 ft) for 34 with 3 rebounds and a block Final: 16/28 (3/7 3pt, 5/8 ft) for 40**(!)** with 6 rebs, 1 ast, and 1 blk. Almost certainly his best game of the season, even if he took almost 30 shots
Definitely keeping an eye on him. Would be dropping Jaylen Brown I think, so not sure what to do yet
He's got games every other day this week too. @ Charlotte 1/24, vs. Rockets 1/26, vs Clippers 1/28. I wonder if he'll see any sort of dip in minutes at the Hornets?
Boogie was certainly haunting tonight
Hold unless you can get a clear upgrade
r/nononono
That's the Matrix for you
Black Mamba is the best
Yes. I own both
Skal and Dejounte both had great games tonight. Wondering who I should snag?
It's probably a bad idea. I've definitely got my eye on Dejounte and Skal rn though. My team is undefeated, but I've got multiple players slumping
Multiple All Star caliber guards are left out in the West every season. The West is absurdly stacked these days as it is
Bizarro league seems really fun. Jeff Green's gotta be the MVP
If Jaylen Brown has a bad game, I might drop him for Murray I think. I have a bajillion point guards, but it's Points
I could drop Conley or Dunn, but I don’t want to drop Conley. I’m loaded at PG with DMitch and DLo also
I have no idea what to do with Brandon Ingram and Jaylen Brown. Brown can have a solid game here and there, but he seems like he has a low ceiling and a middling floor. Ingram has had small injuries here and there, and has been pretty mediocre without Lonzo feeding him. Definitely considering dropping Brown for Skal or Dejounte
He needs Lonzo back
Yup, but it's not thought to be nearly as bad as earlier in the year. He's already been ruled out for tonight though
The Jimmy Buckets fan in me is sad, but the Andrew Wiggins owner in me is doing a Grinch smile
Do you think this could result in Butler playing less minutes once he returns, or will Thibs keep playing him until he can’t?
I dropped Jaylen Brown for him in Points. Seemingly similar floors, but Murray’s had a higher ceiling lately
I would try to trade Wiggins during this hot streak before I got rid of Donovan
Jamal might be someone to grab regardless
Wish I had him. Womp womp
Boogie, the Lord, but particularly BEN SIMMONS! 19/17/14 triple double! Last week, it looked like DMitch might make the RoY race interesting for the second half, and then Ben comes storming back with a signature performance
Depends on your needs and your offer. He and LaVine still haven't figured out how to coexist so to say, so there's still some unpredictability coming with his production
If he comes back next week it wouldn't have been a few weeks though
I think the front office told him he might be sick
Dropped him for Dejounte. Got so sick of single digit efforts. They have a similar floor, but Murray at least has the decency to hit at least 10 more often haha
I imagine Lou’s value would be at the highest while he’s a Swiss Army knife for the Clips’ offense
Andrew Wiggins is back to being my personal poster child for this thread. Woof
I hope so, though the Bulls aren’t exactly dying to win, and Grant’s filled in well enough. If nothing else, it seems like he’s coming back later rather than sooner
Maybe I should keep DLo on the bench for a bit...
He’s been bad, but you can’t fault him. His value is down the stretch
Boogie’s injury is about to end the funnest/most fun player ownership this season. I hate it
No new news. The Grizzlies aren’t expected to shut him down
Yes, but I don’t think he’s going to play every game
The Grizzlies have nothing to gain by releasing info. Ticket sales haven’t dipped hard enough to use Mike info as a selling point. There are rumors Mike wants to be back on the court though. Nothing solid, but there have been grumblings that he’d be back by now if he had it his way
Lost Boogie and Mike for the season in less than 15 hours. Cool. Cool cool cool
Same, but with my 2nd and 5th picks. Just a crapfest
With Conley done for the year, it'd be ridiculous (and, sadly, typical) of the front office not to ship Reke off while he still has some value to us
These injuries just guaranteed that I won't win the season barring catastrophic injury also hitting the only other elite team in the league, who was able to grab John Collins, because I was holding on to Conley (and I also dropped Collins over Jaylen Brown earlier in the year because I'm dumb and decided I didn't need much depth in my bigs because Boogie and Draymond is plenty). I'm about to find a late season league to hop into I think hahahaha
I don't see how this terrible injury to Boogie means anything other than AD playing until his wheels fall off while the Pelicans fall out of playoff contention
Dropped him weeks ago and no one scooped him up. He's getting outplayed by GHarris
