I hope "love of my life" is that handsome and charming two-wheeled steed.
Should've broken from the gun in the road race, too! :-D
Yep. If you're attracted to your training partner, you've already got the foot in the door on a hookup. ;)
What you didn't say is how far along you are. What is the fastest way out? Would you work on that fastest way out? After three semesters, I was in your boat. I ended up doing what /u/sankofaa suggested. I went to a community college and finished whatever courses I could. Tuition there was a third (as in, 33%) of what it was at my big state school, even as an in-stater. I needed to do a minimum of two semesters and ended up doing three. I actually excelled at the community college, partially because I figured out that this was important to me but also because it was easy in a smaller class. My largest class there was 30 people, and I ended up making 2-3 professional contacts that came in handy later in my career. So, it sounds like you're at least a couple of years in. How much longer to graduate? Can you take the core / general classes at a community college (in CO, they have 'GT Guaranteed Transfer' courses - that is, PHIL 112, Ethics, will count as a PHIL 112 course at any public school in the state)? Also, having a degree will make you way, way more valuable than not having your degree. If you don't finish it now, you never will.
You and I have almost exactly the same situation - I'm 27. I have about $55,000 in debt, make about $34,000 a year, and bills come out to about $800 / mo + student loans (one $100, one $101.23 with IBR). I think the answer is pretty dependent on you and your personal goals. The [Student Loans.gov Calculator](https://studentloans.gov/myDirectLoan/mobile/repayment/repaymentEstimator.action) lays it out quite clearly what the difference is. For me on IBR, I think I end up paying about $10,000 more in interest but then have about $25,000 forgiven. As mentioned below, I expect to pay tax on that, since it's treated as income. In this case, it would be $5,000 tax due. So ultimate cost is a bit less than $15,000 extra, but over the course of fifteen years. However, that is a difference of about $280 a month right now in my student loan payment, which is about $36,000 over the next ten years. Truly, I'm on the fence on whether I want that hanging over my head for 25 years or not. I've got about one year done, but twenty-five years in a long time. I'm working as hard as I can on chasing the dream, but I think I will try to end up throwing money at the ten-year option before long. I believe that with my ICR setup, The Gooberment pays the interest on subsized loans for three years. After that, interest will accrue but not capitalize. Right now, ICR/PAYE is the best option for me, though I hope to eventually switch to taking on the ten-year-option. I think I need to either make more money or change my lifestyle significantly for that to be an option, though (bicycle racing is an expensive hobby). Also, another thing worth mentioning is that the debt / income burden I have hurts my credit. The interest on the student loans is revolving debt, so credit card companies won't take me and I'll have trouble getting a loan.
Oh, thank you for the clarification. I meant IBR in every instance (since I never qualified for ICR - I think they phased it out before I got to it).
I rode slightly older Industry Nine road hubs. They were unreasonably nice: near instant engagement, silly light. But I found them to be overengineered and require constant maintenance. The wheels they were built into were nothing but trouble.
I agree on this point. So many people disparage middle aged cyclists on nice equipment. They forget that this is the equipment that I buy and ride into the ground. My second bike was a Cervelo R3 with dura ace. The first owner bought it for $6,000, rode it 37 miles, and then sold it for a third of what he paid.
"Full Gas" is one of my favorites. It's basically a documentary about Fabian Cancellara a few years ago, but it's got some fun clips that you won't find anywhere else. I suppose I should have a disclaimer that I have more than a reasonable man-crush on Cancellara.
Beautiful, timeless build. I'd ride it.
Good advice, all. Make sure your bike is more or less comfortable. If you're dead fatigued by mile 50, or your back hurts, or your butt can't tolerate it, you need to make equipment changes. On the other hand, if you're totally fine but just tired, you're quite blessed. :D Also, check the bike about three weeks beforehand. Does it desperately need a tuneup? If yes, *get it done a couple of weeks before*. Things can still go wrong, even if you pay someone to do it for you. It'd be better they go wrong two weeks out than day of.
When I was in fifth grade, my dad decided to take a position 1700 miles away on the east coast. He moved out early and we followed him when I finished school. My older brother burned me a bunch of music to help me get through the three day road trip with my family. This album was brand-freaking-new and hadn't left his CD player since he'd bought it two weeks earlier. It rocked. My. World. I listened to it on repeat until the batteries would die on my Sony portable CD player. My mom would buy 16-packs of AA batteries from ShopKo and it wasn't enough. As /u/glengach said... Lateralus. Oh my god. Still one of my favorite albums of all time.
[Bicycling Magzine](http://www.bicycling.com/training/fitness/core) has a pretty good core routine. I've used this one for a couple of seasons with good success. The first couple use an exercise ball, which I actually recommend. I have issues strengthening my lower back and QL without one.
My best friend's parents are anesthesiologists. They got up and walked out on the first episode of Grey's Anatomy.
It changes EVERY SINGLE YEAR.
I think they were fighting over who gets to legally change their name to "Quadzilla."
I have this one and equip my companion with it (when I've not got Dogmeat). Yep, can confirm.
Absolutely gorgeous bike.
I think he meant the Capital One Secured Mastercard. The one [linked above](http://www.capitalone.com/credit-cards/secured-mastercard/) is pretty solid. I have the same card but a different name (same rules, but a Visa offered by Capital One). Within four or five months of the basic 'one tank of gas a month', Capital One was sending me pre-qualified offers for another card. The cards have gone from entry level to medium level ($1,000 max to $5,000 max) in the next six months.
Yes, the Capital One secured Mastercard does build credit. That means that they report two important pieces of information to the credit agencies: your statement balance and whether or not you're paying "as agreed". That is a 'positive report' on your credit. The reason they say to 'buy a tank of gas' and 'pay it off in full every month' is because those two behaviors produce the best credit trail. The tank of gas is to keep you utilization under 10%, which Credit Karma reports is best for your score. In fact, my original limit was $200, so I had to buy less than a tank of gas or I would lose 5 points because my utilization was &gt; 10%. As mentioned above, I used a very, very similar secured card from the same creditor. Mine had a $29 annual fee, and it looks like this one has no annual fee.
Most of what I want to say has already been said, but I want to reiterate it. First off, communicate with your parents. Let them know what you're planning, find out what they're planning, and go from there. Two years ago, after a huge miscommunication and stubbornness on my mother's part, my parents were out about $3800 because I told them that I would be filing independently an they didn't adjust their withholding. It caused a pretty major rift between myself and my mother that took six months to rectify. Secondly, and this has been said: technically, you don't decide whether to file as an independent or a dependent. There is a pretty clear set of guidelines. There are [tools](https://www.irs.gov/uac/Who-Can-I-Claim-as-a-Dependent%3F) for determining your status. Some of these details can be fudged (ie, 50% of support), but others most definitely cannot (did you live with them for &gt; 6 months this year). It should be very clear whether you are or are not. Finally, remember this: when it hit the fan with my parents, it was worth about +$2500 to me, and -$3500 with my parents (and caused my mom to accuse me of "seeing dollar signs flashing in front of my eyes"). Because they likely have a much more complicated tax situation, it may be very complicated. Whatever you decide, make absolutely sure that you can provide receipts and documentation to back it up, both to your parents and your IRS auditor. Also should be said that sometimes independent has advantages for tuition, scholarships, loans, and the rest. Also, you may get certain tax credits if you're an independent.
What if I told you that you could read the book on your own? ;)
You're the best of us, my friend! Can I ask what application you're using to track your spending? I've only seen Mint.
I am unsure what your approval odds will be for any card with no credit. Many companies offer a student card. They usually have no annual fee and a limited credit limit, but are much easier to get. There is a university-affiliated credit union in my area that is quite popular and is very generous with their cards. If neither of those options work out, you might consider a secured credit card. The one I find myself talking about lately is [this one](https://www.capitalone.com/credit-cards/secured-mastercard/). It has no annual fee. You don't earn rewards, but it reports to all three agencies. As always, the normal rules apply: buy a single tank of gas or something like that to keep your utilization below 10%, and pay it off every month. Please read the sidebar on Credit to talk about building credit. Remember that things like paying utilities and cell phone bills go on your credit, so *pay them on time*, even if your roommates don't pay you on time.
I definitely disagree with this one. It is debt, but at this moment and for the next year, it will be guaranteed to be at 0% interest. The emergency fund is just that: for emergencies. You have no idea what the next twelve months will hold, with the exception that you don't owe that credit card debt for 365 days. When the debt comes due, you can pay it with some of the emergency fund and not be out a single penny. The only thing to gain is flexibility, which of course could mean nothing, or could mean a whole lot more. edit: This is, of course, assuming that OP is actually saving and not just putting being financially responsible. That's kind of a big difference.
How long would it take you to pay off the $9K CC debt if you spent $0 / mo on maintenance for your car? (well... besides fuel... and insurance... and tires... and upkeep... god, cars are money pits.) The financially responsible thing to do would be to buy a cheap car and pay off as much CC debt as you can, but as mentioned below, you were given this money FOR A CAR. The person very clearly wants you to have a very nice car. Fourteen thousand dollars will get you a car that is dependable, safe, and will last you for many years. You owe it to them to do that. From a personal relationship standpoint, you should use most of it to buy a car. If you show up to this person's house in a month driving a 2002 Honda and they ask, "What happened to the other ten grand?" they will not take kindly to you saying, "Oh, I spent your money on my personal stuff." Remember a couple grand for titling, registration, and the inevitable first few months of niggles). So now you're driving a $12,000 used car with maybe 40K miles and no issues. Take every extra penny at hurl it forcefully at that CC debt. TL;DR: This is not a windfall. This is not a negotiable thing. This is you making sure you don't punch gift horse in the mouth.
Whew. Jumping all in, huh? What is your event as a swimmer? Since you seem committed, I'll tell you the secret that takes everyone years to learn. The goal of a bike race is **not** to go as fast as possible. It is to cross the line first. Those two things are not the same. Your race is a crit. There are many ways to win a crit, none of which are easy: -Solo away (simply ride faster than the other 39 riders combined) -win the group sprint -make a ballsy solo move with (x) to go (usually one lap to go) -stay out of the wind for the entire race and get lucky somehow Your method should depend on your strengths as a cyclist, which are probably the same as your strengths as a swimmer. If you were a swimmer sprinter, then you could probably do a long sprint without a leadout and be okay. If you were a miler and you're willing to crush yourself, you might have the aerobic to solo (but that also requires luck, balls, genetic talent, and some extreme bike handling skills to corner like a boss). You may not win this crit, but it's a good intro into the sport. Read all you can, including: http://303cycling.com/5-golden-rules-to-criterium-racing Since you have a stages, you should read The Cyclists Training Bible and Training and Racing With a Power Meter, both of which are about $15 on amazon. Threshold is power for an hour (important for repeated efforts). VO2 is how hard you can breathe (important for maximal efforts of any length, but mostly 0 - 5 min) w/kg is usually a measure of threshold power. That's your ability to time trial. Your w/kg will be moderately high but not great because you have a lot of upper body muscle.
'sonder' - the realization that each passerby has a life as vivid as your own.
Tell her to talk to the company. You'd be amazed how many decent companies are out there. I broke my wrist in a cycling accident while working as a server. My job trained me as another position and kept me there until I could work again. That said, there are a lot of companies where you are simply a cog in the machine. If they ask her to preform her duties and she is unable, that is a clear reason for termination in an at-will state (like California). That said, there's probably a middle ground. Have her grab some documentation from her doc that specifies her limitations **and an end date**! Normally, "will be unable to perform action for 6-8 weeks" will keep the boss happy. Also, her attitude and performance history will come into play. Have her approach is by saying, "I really want to stay with the company, is there anything I can do to remain productive?"
Well, it sounds like something's not working at your parents' house, which is why you want to move. Taking care of elders is not an easy responsibility. Consider it subsidizing your low rent, if they're onboard. Sounds like there's almost not reason not to.
Around here, there is a blister button under the passenger side (hah) light. Driver gets off the bus and closes the door behind him.
Bill Nye's book should have been called "Undenyeable".
Exact same situation: got my experience and peaced after 3 years of the same salary they hired me at. 67% raise.
Cover letters. Explain why you don't have the relevant experience on *paper* but you definitely do because apples and oranges are both fruit.
Worked in medicine for years: Insurance companies' job is not to help you get better. It is to keep their bottom lines low. Hope your uncle figures it out.
The general advice of this forum is that you must never cosign on a loan that you are no ready to take on as your own (because that is literally what you're signing). As a result, they recommend not ever cosigning on a loan. Obviously, you're in a position where you want to help this person out. Cosigning would do that, but there is a very real possibility that this person could screw your credit forever or cost your tens of thousands of dollars.
Don't forget that organic is marketed as not having pesticides. Organic farming [does use pesticides](https://www.geneticliteracyproject.org/2015/03/20/myth-busting-are-synthetic-pesticides-used-with-some-gmos-more-dangerous-than-natural-ones/), and they are frequently just as dangerous or more dangerous than conventional pesticides. In fact, many of the pesticides aren't engineered to break down quickly, so we ingest a higher percentage of the pesticides applied. [more](http://blogs.scientificamerican.com/science-sushi/httpblogsscientificamericancomscience-sushi20110718mythbusting-101-organic-farming-conventional-agriculture/). But really, #3 should be the only argument that matters, once the fact that organic foods are no safer [has been confirmed](http://med.stanford.edu/news/all-news/2012/09/little-evidence-of-health-benefits-from-organic-foods-study-finds.html), repeatedly. Organic food has no health benefits and requires more resources to produce. In some cases, it produces a quarter of the crop using the same amount of water, land, and time as conventional crops. In other cases, such as the papaya and Star Ruby grapefruit [both of which can be grown 'organically'], the actual organism is genetically modified [in the case of the grapefruit, it was fucking *[intentionally irradiated](http://aggie-horticulture.tamu.edu/citrus/grapefruit.htm)* until they found a variety that worked].
I don't know how reliable this source is, but: http://www.employmentlawhandbook.com/wage-payment-laws/state-wage-payment-laws/florida/#9 Florida does't have any laws preventing employers from withholding pay based on mistakes.
Get cubicle mate to do them with you.
Working in a workman's compensation physical therapy clinic, I'd love to thank you for keeping us in business. Squat down, stick your butt back a bit, keep your eyes forward or up, and just stand up. Don't pull with your back at all. Source: ergonomist. I get paid to teach people how to not hurt themselves lifting.
I have to agree with not recommending their wheels. At 145 lbs and 5'10", riding 25C tires, I managed to crack an aluminum rim clear through without hitting any major bumps (it was on my crit bikes, so smooth-ish pavement only). I have never ridden their frames, but the Exocet is supposed to be a nice bike. It is also decently aero, according to the Aero Weenies at [Slowtwitch](http://forum.slowtwitch.com/forum/Slowtwitch_Forums_C1/Triathlon_Forum_F1/Planet_X_Exocet_2_P4058252).
First off, as a 20 year old, congrats on your exceptional financial situation. You're better off than the vast majority of 30 year old Americans. The large emergency fund, especially with the low cost of living (if you're planning on staying with your family) is awesome. If you're gonna be making $65 this year (160% raise! Holy cows, congrats), I would recommend continuing to live like you're only making those $24K. It's not sexy for a guy to live with his parents, but I promise you that being financially solvent is. Keep saving as much as you can. Also, same thing about the car: the type of woman who likes a sports car is not the type of person worth dating. Also, I've got to say that a sports car is not a sound financial decision. Obviously, you work hard and have saved a lot of money, but get something like an Audi A4 or S4. They're sporty, not ridiculously overpriced, but also reliable and show very well in a business environment. Nearly every MD I've worked with drives some variety of Audi, except for the ones driving Toyotas [a fair few here out west].
I would normally recommend wide rims (Hed Ardennes or Belgiums), but their benefits aren't really realized on a time trial bike. Frankly, something like a Ksyrium or Aksium would be plenty fine on the TT bike. They're basically on firesale on Craigslist or even gray market because everybody wants wide rims.
I use Chase and have had some success with them. They're not perfect, but there's nothing glaring about them. They usually don't charge ridiculous fees. Their iPhone app allows you to set threshold limitings for activity alerts. The default is &gt; $125 in or out. That means I get a warning when my payroll direct deposit hits and when I pay my rent. I also get messages when I withdraw cash at an ATM (&gt; / = $100). Those are modifiable. edit: Before switching banks, check to see if US Bank has similar. They're a big enough bank that they may have a good app.
In my area, very few rental agencies report to credit. However, for such a huge rent, they might. Also, make sure that your roommate is paying whatever late fees are they incurring. I recently had a disagreement with my roommate when I wouldn't pay him for the late fees he incurred on our utilities for the third month in a row. I showed him why the bills were each $10 / month higher than they should be, since he was paying them on the 31st and they were due the 21st. He's just a ditz.
Oh yeah, kick them to the curb. Chase is good. They also have balance alerts: if my account drops below $500, I get a one-time warning. If it drops below $150, it alerts me of my remainder balance after every transaction. That's every time my card is swiped, though you have to be really careful at places like a restaurant because it will be swiped for $20 and with tip will be $25, which will show up three days later. [Obviously, living that way isn't PF approved, but it's what I had to do for a while.]
My company has decent (but not great) insurance for families. We have employees in California (around SF, but not SF proper). Our health insurance is either $500 / mo for an $11000 family HDP or $750 / mo for a $3600 family HDP. Whelp, looks $100K aint that much!
You did complete college? If not, finishing would be your first goal. You can either get a second gig and do that, or you can build experience to look for something better. All you need to do is get lucky once. Don't get disheartened that you don't find your dream job on the first week of trying. Keep your eyes out for a couple of months, but don't become obsessed with the search.
65.2 mph coming down [Lee Hill Road](https://www.strava.com/segments/7919743) in Boulder, CO. Not even close to the steepest road around, but gentle curves and good pavement. Can usually hit 52-55 mph on a good day, but a tailwind can definitely get you above that. There are sections of Sunshine road were you could easily hit 60 with disc brakes and no self-preservation instinct. edit: Fastest in a race was during the [Dead Dog Road Race](https://www.strava.com/activities/62184007/segments/1177815082) in Laramie, WY: hit 57.2 mph. We had a significant tailwind on that one, so the whole downhill averaged 39.5 mph for *ten miles* (it was the same day the KOM was set, for the record). The best part was the junior keeping up with us on a 50-14 because he outweighed us all by thirty lbs.
"What do you mean you're not happily married and don't have a job making $150K / yr yet? Jesus, what a failure you are."
Take pictures of everything. I had a rental company claim that I broke mirrors in every room (turns out this is a common theme with the company). They wanted $300+ per mirror. I showed them the pictures I took the day I moved out, and they refunded every penny of my security deposit.
Thank you for the clarification! This is why you guys are here!
Some companies will close the card if you're not using em every so often. Maybe set up auto payment and rotate buying one item per month on each card?
CU Boulder alum here. I currently live in Boulder and work just outside. One of my best friends is at KU. First off, what are you planning on studying? CU will cost you about 2.5 - 3.0x as much as an instate school. I cannot even stress how much money that is. CU's first year is $51,000 a year. You can live cheaply and come in a little bit under their estimated expenses after that, but it doesn't change the fact that tuition is $35,000 a year. I know several people whose entire college cost less than that $35K. Then, add on the fact that Boulder has an incredibly high cost of living. Rent starts at about $600 / mo per person plus utilities, whereas my good friend in Lawrence is paying $320 + utilities. CU Boulder estimates a bachelor's costs $120,000 for out of state. You may be thinking, "But I'll get a good job making $100K when I graduate!" Unless you've got a PE in aerospace, you'll make much, much less and then realize that you have insane loan payments. $120K in loans is a minimum of $1300 a month, meaning you would need to make $50-55K to even stay afloat [I know that doesn't sound like a lot, but remember that's above the median income in the US for everyone]. As a resident and alum, please feel to contact me with specific questions. Good luck, whichever school you choose! edit: ugh, words. spelling.
Another positive vote for the TCR. My first bike was the 2007 TCRC2. Solid, solid bike. Dependable and no issues. I'm much harder on bikes now, but it was a solid bike.
Nope, it had literally all moved over to facebook by the time that happened.
Well, you saw what happened with the Jar Jar = Sith fan theory. Basically happened.
I was walking home from class and overheard this conversation (cell phone): "I KNOW you already put the money in this month. I spent it." "Well, it doesn't go that far! [Our sorority] threw a party." "I know, but it was my turn to buy!" "Not that much... like two grand?" "Yeah, we did two grand of coke, mom. Don't talk down to me like that! Just put the money in my account! Why do you have to be such a bitch about it?"
Having worked at an OG, I can tell you that you would not want real food cooked by our line.
With that much money, I bet they were buying the good stuff: Mexican coke in bottles.
There would be, except they don't use computers because the Lizard Overlords can tap you communications. Duh.
Wow, that is an absolutely lovely bike. I have to be honest: my favorite thing about the Tarmac SL5 is the seatpost junction. Hawt.
Yeah, I had that same thought - 340w for 30 min isn't crazy (don't forget, they're at altitude - about 4500'). I was thinking and thought, oh, that's only 12% higher than me, and he's a big dude! Theeeeen I realized, Tejay is only 13% above that guy. So. That 12 percent is starting to feel pretty unimaginable.
Both Justin and Cory are pretty high up on the list of dudes I would not want to race...
They would be way better if they talked about ringy-dingies and sweet,sweet refunds.
You can't afford it, and neither can your family. You may need to borrow with student loans. While study abroad is an amazing experience, it can be incredibly financially taxing. That is a hard reality and you need to consider whether it is even an option before you can consider whether it would be worth it. Source: took loans for my own American uni and have spent 5 years *aggressively* paying it off.
Online isn't the worst case, especially with an IT position. I'm sure you've thought of that, but just ensure it's not a for-profit school. There are a couple of state schools I know of that have very high quality online programs (MBAs, MS, and BS-CompSci come to mind).
I believe that if your work provides a computer, you can't deduct it. Similarly, I also think you'd had to come up with another $5200 in deductions to break even on the $6500 standard deduction.
/r/legaladvice. I doubt there will be. Tell your roommate that you will both lose your deposit if he doesn't do a better job cleaning? Or, even better, explain to your landlord that you and your roommate had an agreement that you would each clean your respective spaces, and have the landlord take the money to clean it out of his portion of the deposit? Joint and several likely means you'd just be better off cleaning up his crap. Or, guilt trip him into it. Your call.
I worked in physical therapy for a while. BS, physiology (emphasis exercise science) and CSCS. When someone says 'steroids', they could mean a number of things. Common parlance means *anabolic* steroids. Anabolic means muscle-building. Those are the steroids that bike racers pop hot for. They are illegal and banned for many, many reasons. Many times, dopers are taking 100-1000x a clinical dose of these drugs, so their side effects are massive. In the worst case scenario, tendons become so frail that they rip. In fact, that's a dead giveaway in bodybuilding: if someone has tendon rupture, they're juicing. There are many other side effects, and you've heard of them: hairy women, boobs on men, small testicles, and those are the *pleasant* ones, because they won't kill you. Guaranteed cancer is pretty much the endgame for those drugs. Now, you're also talking about steroids for anti-inflammatory? Well, same thing as above - the steroids we use range from corticosteroids (cortisol being the one most common) to inhaled steroids (Symbacort/Formoterol, Advair, Flovent/Fluticasone). The short answer is that there are approximately *hella* side effects. Everything from mood swings to acne to bloating. The other problem is that a lot of people don't respond well to corticosteroids. A certain percentage of people are allergic, and then a lot of issues aren't inflammation related. As a rough estimate, 30% of people who had a cortisone injection (meaning that they were good candidates: their injury looked like it would respond, it fit their treatment pattern, and the doc chose to administer it) did not respond. Comparatively, NSAIDs are almost no-risk. The only side effect of ibuprofen is that a clinical dose for an extended period can cause stomach ulcers. They are relatively effective for 90% of people, and they're cheap. They're incredibly easy to administer. Cycling injuries tend to be severe and chronic, however. They build for a long time before a cyclist chooses to pay attention to them, so they'll take a long time to go away. To top it off, cyclists aren't going to stop cycling long enough for the injury to heal. Frankly, we probably should be more ready to use cortisol in young, healthy cyclists. However, doctors that you and I have access to will be reluctant because it's a tradeoff. High level sports docs attached to sports teams will often be much more ready to throw cortisol at an athlete, since they understand longevity is not a concern but immediate performance is. TL;DR: Tons of side effects. Docs want to try conservative first.
Wow, jeeze, put an NSFW tag on those photos, they're so hot. :-D
They do throughout the entirety of the US. Chiropractors are licensed and insured as a medical professional.
&gt; I am not a tinfoil hatter. Sounds like something someone with a tinfoil hat would say!!!! Just kidding. Thanks for the info.
Similar thing at an sports sunglasses company [in CO]! My friend was the marketing director for three years. Under her tenure, they grew by 200% and she was raking in clients. A combination of her business sense and personality had won them tons of contracts. She was fired for not 'suiting the company image' and was replaced by someone younger, prettier, and skinnier. Two years out, their company's sales were 120% of what they had been when the friend had started (down from 300%).
Hah, solid story. We have this crazy overbearing tech guy. I brought an Apple keyboard into work because I type TONS of emails each day and I just type faster on a clicklet-style keyboard over the $10 plastic Microsoft ones the company issues. Later, my IT guy needed to add a service to my computer. He apparently didn't like the keyboard and started ranting against Apple products. He said they were poor quality and didn't work. He also said that if it were to break, he wouldn't be able to support it. I told him that I appreciate it, but it was working fine and had been for six months. He said fine, and that since we were allowed to use our own keyboards, I could keep it. I come in the next day to find that that the keyboard wouldn't register keystrokes. I had another IT guy troubleshoot it, and the logs showed that Grumpy IT Guy had remoted into my machine and removed the drivers for the keyboard, then turned off my ability to install new drivers (which happens automatically when a new USB device is installed). This apparently takes quite a bit of extra work in Active Directory. TL;DR: He said he hates Apple products because they break, so he removed the drivers from my computer to break it. I found out weeks later that two people in my company had seen my keyboard and had brought their own in, so he was punishing me.
Please note that MB and Mb are different units. MB is megabyte, as in 1024 kb. Mb is megabit, as in 128 kb. So 15 MB is 8x as fast as 15 Mb is 10x as fast as 1.5 Mb. 15 MB, or 120 Mb, is very fast, but not crazy fast. OP, please also note that many companies advertise UP TO xx speed. Comcast has since stopped, as they got in trouble for advertising UP TO 100 Mbps when they were really supplying 50 Mbps with a once-per-10-minutes 10-second bump to 100 Mb.
On reddit, two returns displays as a carriage return (white space). Good luck in your search. File for unemployment and report them to the labor board. Stay in contact with that deputy.
&gt; unless she pays him Unless she pays him *what*? An arbitrary sum of money? Past due wages? That seems to be the crux. INAL. Sorry for no more info.
Coworker (actually, our IT manager... whooops) was affected. Said he interrupted them when he saw his monitor moving on its own. Again, they went straight for his PayPal. They deposited about $750 - unsure as to the endgame, but he has a verified business account. I wonder if they were trying to sieze it somehow. As a note, paypal's user agreement basically says that you have to tell them your account was compromised, NOT that your computer was hacked. If it's your fault they gained access, paypal will wash their hands of you. Seems like a very common theme with that company. They also had set his emails to be forwarded to a Russian server. They installed a ton of malware, as well. Be vigilant guys! edit: My work computer has TeamViewer installed. I do tech support, so we remotely connect to our machines in the field. Our IT team has reminded everyone that they are working on fixing it, but that **saved passwords are a TERRIBLE idea** on a work computer.
Oh man. It's a reminder of how horrible the crucifixion actually was. The nails were [probably through Christ's wrists](http://www.catholicplanet.com/articles/article16.htm) (I know that's a biased article) instead of his hands. That's just how crucifixion works. Same thing with his ankles instead of his feet. The bones aren't really very good at bearing weight, but the tendons through your ankles and wrists? Super strong. Similarly, to speed up the process, victims would be speared in the ribs. It would collapse a lung. Because of their posture, they would have to pull themselves upwards (by their wrists and ankles) to help breathe, or they would suffocate. To stop this, Romans would then [break your legs](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crucifixion). Ultimately, on the cross, you died of *suffocation* well before you died of anything else. Generally, the whole process was pretty miserable.
My understanding is that a crucifix is a image of the cross, with or without Jesus on it?
If you're Orthodox, same thing, except the cross also includes a couple of signs. One [above his head](http://biblehub.com/matthew/27-37.htm) that said, "Here is Jesus, King of the Jews (Matthew 27:37)" or "Jesus of Nazareth, King of the Jews (John 19:19)." Often abbreviated as INRI: "Iesus Nazarenus Rex Iudaeorum". Interesting how Catholics can make this boring.
That's really missing the point of using the cross. Read up on The Passion. The whole idea is summarized in the most trite Bible verse of all time: "For He so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son (John 3:16)." Jesus *willingly* went to the cross. He knew that he was going to be mocked and executed in a horrible, horrible fashion, yet he went anyway. Yet he chose to do it of his own accord. That is the whole point of the Passion. The empty tomb, the Resurrection, that's all icing on the cake.
Similar things have been said [about Christmas Day](http://www.history.com/topics/christmas/history-of-christmas). The Bible reports that it was [probably during the spring](http://www.biblicalarchaeology.org/daily/biblical-topics/new-testament/how-december-25-became-christmas/) because shepherds were tending their flocks, so it's pretty common to believe that the Dec 25th date grew out of coincidence with solstice.
My mom. "So, I said, yeah, that's the thing. I said, it's a really nice house. I said, it's got new cabinets." Also, "You know..." No. If I knew, you wouldn't be TELLING ME. The best part about it: she yells at my grandmother for saying, 'you know.' It bothers her and she's the worst in the ENTIRE WORLD at it.
YOU EFFING MONSTER. WHY DID YOU DO THIS TO ME.
That might be the difference between a company and law. Most companies in my state will pay you for work comp issues (eg, going to the appointments), even though it's not required. My company, which ironically was a work comp doctor's office, said they would pay me to attend my appointments. My supervisor wouldn't okay it until he saw the HR documents instructing me to do so.
Oh no. That's actually one of the more reasonable things that Paypal does. They are notorious for siding with customers (scammers) in eBay disputes. For example, someone buys a computer and pays for it via Paypal. You ship them the computer. They receive it, dispute it, ebay/paypal yanks the money from your BANK ACCOUNT and refunds it to the scammer. Scammer ships back a cement block with tracking. They literally just stole your computer, and paypal's arbitration clause means you have zero recourse. None. Zero. Zip. You can have a [police officer offer an affidavit that they didn't ship it back](http://www.aboutpaypal.org/affidavits-police-paypal-sides-scammer/) and paypal will still side with the scammers.
(US only): Obviously, the time is passed, but DEPARTMENT OF LABOR! They'll owe you damages for every day you don't have a check in your hand.
"What is technically legal and shady as ****?" You: "Protecting our property from criminals." You're correct. You don't have to stop. If it's a hassle, you can just walk out. That's why it's very infrequently a hassle.
"I want you to lend me an unspecified about of money, for an unknown period of time, to be used as I see fit. You will likely get no collateral." "OK, great. We'll charge you 1.9% per month on that." Seems pretty fair to me.
Technically illegal if they lay someone off first. They get around this by saying that the international citizen is performing services that the prior employee couldn't do. That could be saying, "Oh, the Indian rep does tech support AND knows Java," they provide a service that the prior employee did not. Therefore, legal. Yeah, big companies are frequently on the top of the shady-AF list.
Believe it or not, Wal*Mart, the most evilest of companies, did a decent job of bringing check cashing companies down a notch. They will cash a paycheck for $5 up to ($3,0000)? And like $15 after that? They are pretty strict on whom they'll cash from, but probably not much more strict than Charlie's Check Cashing down the street. Plus, a prior check cashing means you'll pretty much never have to worry again. But yeah, screw payday loans. My parents make a ton of money (~$160K together) and are still working to get out of payday loans.
'Convenience' fees. Well, a $15.50 fee on a $45.00 sure as shit isn't very 'convenient' for me, AXS Tickets, who happen to own Red Rocks. -.-
Not being an ass: why? I thought that was a reasonable option. My 88 year old grandma, for example, married a man whose health is failing. They need constant care and so they hired a caretaker using a reverse mortgage. The terms seemed fair, and it's getting them care no one else would be able to afford otherwise. They can also stay in her home for the rest of her life.
I didn't know that! Have an upvote.
Jesus. $12,000 security deposit. o.0 Keep talking to that lawyer. This is way too complex for online advice, and the amount likely disqualifies it from small claims court. If the house is unlivable due to construction, you might be able to get out of the lease with no penalty.
&gt; shouldn't be influencing the race. That's every field I've ever raced, all along the mountain time zone and west cost. The ref here reminds us that lapped riders 'may not influence the race'. Similarly, he would let the pro women warm up in the Bs / 2-3 field if they wanted, same rule: don't influence the race.
Great. That's exactly what I needed to read as I'm about to drop 300% of face value to see this Lumineers at Red Rocks this week.
I have heard this as well.
Great deal. As has been mentioned, the Allez is one of the best bikes for the money. Most modern saddles are designed to sit flat. I would recommend a set of bicycling shorts with pads (chamois) and maybe some chamois lube (Chamois Butter, Butt Butt'r, etc). If you don't want to look like a roadie (totally kosher), buy a pair of 'baggies'. They have spandex with a pair of shorts underneath. See you out on the roads.
Wall of text warning. Let me start by saying that I did everything *wrong* and then figured out how to do it right. **0) Find out what you want to study.** That sounds really easy. I promise it's not. I recommend STEM of some sort. Computer science is a really good idea. Business isn't a bad idea if you're not opposed to getting an MBA (expensive) and have tons of people and leadership skills. Those can be refined, but they can't be taught. If you're numerically and scientifically inclined, engineering is probably the best way to go. It will be the most miserable four years of your life, but the rest of your life will be a cakewalk if you do it right. **1) Start out at a community college.** The first two years of most majors* will be pretty similar: basic English, basic history, philosophy, etc. They call these 'core' classes. My school also referred to freshman and sophomore classes (100 and 200 level) as 'lower level'. Most state schools will accept an associates' degree, which community colleges offer, as completing all of your core lower divisions. Watch out for science (eg, engineering). Sometimes you take classes in the first two years that also count for your major; you would have to still take those (eg, calc 3). Another awesome thing is that my community college offers 'guaranteed transfer' classes. These are usually things like what I mentioned above: Bio 101, ENG 110, PHIL 110, etc. They are promised to transfer to the exact same course at a state university. So, Bio 111 at community college is worth Bio 1110 at flagship state school. Let me belabor this point for a moment: One semester of tuition at my community college was $1400. One semester at my flagship state school was $5500. Frankly, I had a better experience at the community college because of how much smaller the classes were. Plus, since I was taking 200-level courses, the students were shockingly dedicated – my microbiology and pathophysiology courses were the most prepared students I ever studied with, and that includes master’s level pre-med students. **1.5) Plan your degree.** My university offered something called a Degree Audit. I suggest you actually find a list of courses required for your major. For example, my university would break their requirements down into subsections and then you had to [get certain number of hours from each subsection](http://www.colorado.edu/artsandsciences/student-resources/core-curriculum/written-communication). As you saw from the link, I can get my Written Communication credits from any of those courses. Turns out, I needed to take IPHY 1950, Scientific Writing for my degree anyway. Therefore, if I'd taken WRTG 1100 Extended First-Year Writing and Rhetoric, I would still have to take IPHY 1950, regardless. Therefore, be smart about what classes you can take. If you spend an extra 6-8 hours a semester planning your courses, you can save yourself a semester or two (at $5000 a semester , that’s a pretty good hourly rate) and get a killer schedule (community college: All classes Tuesday / Thursday. It was a 10 hour day, but I had 5 days a week off). **2) Apply for scholarships and FAFSA.** You must apply for FAFSA to receive federal loans. You’re likely to get screwed, since you said that your family is in the picture. FAFSA assumes everyone lives in a nice, Stepford-wives neighborhood and your family will contribute like 30% of their annual income to your schooling. Unfortunately, I’ve personally experienced that isn’t the case. So plan on receiving zero federal aid. You won’t be independent for FAFSA purposes until you’re 24, married, or a couple other hard-to-find exemptions. The next best thing, of course, is to apply for scholarships. I am a white male from an upper middle class family, so I certainly had limited options. Still, I got two scholarships ($1,000 / yr for one paper, because no one else applied) and $750 / yr for books. Wasn’t a lot, and I eventually lost the big one because I’m an idiot, but hey, it saved me $3,000. Scholarships don’t just come from your school – they can also come from your church and your community. Note on student loans: they aren’t the end of the world. Subsidized student loans are at 3.2% in some cases. That’s a phenomenal rate. Other loans are 5.8%; that’s decent. But if you take out more than a specific number, which hopefully you won’t need to, they will be at 6.8% or higher. That’s not a great rate. If you can work and still take classes, it will minimize your cost of living. **3) Work in a lab / gain experience.** Look on Craigslist / glassdoor in your field of choice. Search for 'entry level'. What do you find? Well, the salary sucks, and people STILL want you to have 1-3 years' experience in your field. Sure, you could BS it and say, 'Oh, I took Chem 111 and 112, so I have a year's experience in a lab!' No you don't. What they want is for you to have taken on projects. For example, I did three semesters of paid work in a BIO lab. I was getting paid $10 / hr, which was terrible for how complex the work was, but I learned a ton and was offered $15 to continue at that lab. Turns out I took a job for $11 / hr anyway, because I was trying to get into PT school. Similarly, my school has a phenomenal aerospace program. Why? Well it's certainly not because the school teaches the kids anything that other schools can't. That'd be ridiculous. Instead, our engineering programs have REALLY strong ties to employers with great internships. The aerospace program basically has your last year or 3 semesters be interning at Ball Aerospace, Lockheed, or Raytheon. In fact, one of my friends just finished his master's with an internship at one of those companies. They hired him on at $80K at year. Not bad for a 24 year old. **4) It isn't *all* about the money.** Sure, engineering sounds great, making $80K a year, and sure, an MBA sounds great to make $100K a year. But I know an MBA that worked 70 hours a week through his late 20s to get to making that in his mid-thirties. Fun fact, he still works about 55 hour weeks on average, and travels about two weeks a month. Is it worth it? I can't tell you that. A job that seems really rewarding is definitely worth a small paycut, but unfortunately job satisfaction doesn't pay the bills. **5) Consider the military.** If you don’t know what you want to do… consider enlisting. I know it’s not an option for a lot of kids, but it really should be. My highschool didn’t ask whether I was going to college; they asked * where* I was going to college. They asked the same thing of my brother, and ridiculed him when they found out he was enlisting. Funny thing is, he’s five years younger than me and makes about $200 / yr less than I do. His base salary is miserable ($26K) BUT they pay a $1300 / mo housing stipend. Well, guess what my housing costs? About $1100. So even though his salary sucks, he actually effectively makes the same amount as I do – only difference is, his stipend isn’t taxed! Plus, he’ll have the GI bill when he gets out. All said and done, he’ll come out about $500K ahead, once you consider the GI bill, my cost of loans, the extra money he made sooner (he’s five years younger), and benefits from military service. **6) Lean on your parents if possible.** If you can live with them during your community college, that will save you a ton of money. Same thing during university. I spent about $10,000 / yr to live in my college town because I couldn’t deal with the stigma of living with my parents in the next town over. I had to work to cover that, and so my grades dropped, and I probably got kicked out because of it. Still, living right next to the college is REALLY nice, but so is having your parents foot a $100K tuition bill. Might not happen. If you DO have a support system, even if they haven’t saved yet, ask your parents if they would be willing to pay your rent. You would get a part time job in a lab or on campus to pay for food and utilities, but it would allow you to focus on your studies to much more! Or whatever. Worth a shot. Final note: I found out my junior year that my flagship state school offered a 'combined bachelors/masters program' in many of their degrees. You spend five years and get a bachelors at four years and then a masters at five. That's pretty freakin solid, because it's 1) way easier to get into than standalone masters programs and 2) way cheaper, plus 3) you've already built a relationship with your professors and students. Problem is, you have to apply your sophomore year and need to have a 3.5 to apply. Your mileage may vary, but it's a great way to increase your starting options (eg, MBA would be insanely awesome). Last thing: semantics. A university is a four-year school that offers bachelors as well as graduate degrees (masters, PhDs) is composed of multiple colleges. A college is a single school at a university, or could be standalone. For example, my university had the College of Engineering and the College of Arts &amp; Sciences. They also have the College of Business. Sorry for the wall of text. This is very close to my heart and one of the most important issues on PF.
Depending on the race, the women would be asked to exit the race with 5 to go (crit). If it was a small crit or the ref knew the racer (one of our gals was very, very high level) he would simply instruct her to stay out of the way and she would.
To each their own. My strength is in interpersonal skills. My girlfriend is the same as yours- she's a process engineer who works in ChemE and is really struggling on *teaching* people. To quote her: "Why don't they know it already?"
I witnessed one of those, too. Groom apparently banged a bridesmaid the night before and the morning of. Yeah, 18 year old niece of the bride. Poor little niece told the bride a few months later. Last I heard, they were separated.
Not taking it and writing it down is fraud and a very, very big deal for a medical professional.
Because it's slower on tarmac. Pavement either has traction or it doesn't. Roadies race on slicks, not knobbies. Digging in the knobs doesn't help a roadie corner. A pro-level roadie will be cornering absolutely as hard as physics allows. That's why they low-side if they mis-read anything about the corner.
Great advice. Man, I can't wait to get that $50K limit. I was stoked when I saw that it'd gone from $2500 to $4000 last week! :-P
Does a bank keep records for eight years? Yes. Yes absolutely they do. If you must use SunTrust, go in and inquire about the balance on your old account. It's probably closed and 'written off' (as a loss). I doubt they will do business with you anymore. It's worth a shot, but you might need to look at someone besides SunTrust.
It may be worth heading over to Discover's Free FICO score to see if you have a chance. If you're struggling with credit, grab a secured credit card (Capital One and Discover It both have no annual fees). You put a $200 downpayment on a $200 credit limit (or whatever number works for you). Put one small thing, say Spotify or Netflix on there, and set the card to autopay. Your credit will build steadily. Good luck fighting the good fight!
Frankly, not worth the effort. At this point, it seems like a matter of pride. Your limits are already pretty high. As your income increases, you will be offered more credit. Otherwise, keep on living your life.
Medication could have been anesthesia or something. Also, dispute the validity of the debt. The collection agency will show you whatever paperwork they have. If they don't have solid paperwork, they legally have to stop contacting you. That paperwork should include Date of Service and details. From there, you can take it up with the dentist.
&gt; Buy a monocle Definitely *do not* skip that step. Just so it's not a snarky post, the wiki applies to OP, but not the first few steps. You've already completed those. The next steps are to be saving for retirement and any other major purchases, such as a house. As mentioned, max your 401(k) and start looking for other tax-advantaged ways to save for retirement. 401(k)s, Roth IRAs, Backdoor IRAs. You'll need to get good at them. Most people spend decades trying to get where you are now. Congrats (hence the monocle joke). Keep fighting the good fight.
Spend your time figuring out *why* they have your money on lockdown. Normally, it's because of questionable transactions - withdrawing money immediately, transferring to questionable bank accounts, stuff like that. WHY are they not letting you access your money?
This is a poker game. You don't want to show your hand and your former employer has already showed one of his cards. Unfortunately, by responding, you also show one of your cards (that you're even interested). Respond with something like, "Hello [Boss], thanks for the email. I'm interested in hearing about the position. As you know, I enjoyed my time with your company but was not satisfied with the administrative tasks, rather than being utilized to my potential. I would enjoy meeting to discuss the position and what each of us can offer." Re-word that however you'd like. Know that since you've worked for him before, it's a pretty good foot in the door. Be honest and straightforward, but do NOT talk down on your current employer. As far as he knows, you're perfectly happy there but you want to come back for the allure of the technical work. Also, you do expect a pay raise to be in the middle of the range for that technical position, since you are already experienced with the company and (hopefully) well qualified. He will save a lot of money by having an experienced employee return. Also, don't be afraid to walk away. He might figure that he paid you less before, you might be willing to take less again. Don't settle, since you have a small upper hand. Be realistic, however (eg, if the position pays $40-$50K, say you want $45-$47, not $55).
&gt; Can 2 different fico scores really be 87 points apart? Yes. First off, there are 9 different versions of the FICO score. The newest one, FICO9, gives less emphasis to delinquent medical debt. It also weighs delinquent but paid off accounts better than delinquent and unpaid accounts. Secondly, many times, it's not a real FICO score. I *believe* the Discover is a real FICO, which up to this point had been paid service, or bundled as a cardholder perk. Finally, there are three different credit companies that keep track of your information: Equifax, Transunion, and Experian. If you had a negative remarked reported to one but not another, it would show up on some services but not others. You can pull a hard copy of your report from each of the three services and see if you do, or you can use Credit Karma to get a soft pull and get TU and Equifax right there. Credit Karma will alert you if you have negative marks. Finally, practical advice. You opened a new credit card (hard inquiry) and you probably reported a balance on that card. Both of those things could negatively impact a new credit score. A new credit score (a thin file) would be the only way that you're going to experience an 87-point drop in three weeks. Finally, you're simply watching it too closely. Make sure there's nothing on there you didn't know about. If there are negatives, work to get them removed. From there, pay your credit card on time, in full every month. The score will come, and will only get better as you pay off loans.
Remember that the 'Forgiven' part (240 payments, usually) is treated as taxable income. You will have one year with a taxable income in the hundreds of thousands of dollars. I would recommend saving for that point.
Second question first. Nope, charging more doesn't improve your credit score faster. Using &lt;10% will keep your score as high as possible. High utilization could cause your score to drop temporarily. 3.75% is low enough that it might not be worth paying off too quickly. If you're confident that you can get a better return somewhere else, take your money somewhere else. If you have the money, it might be worth paying up to 22% or whatever the number is so your PMI comes off. Past that, money is general better off somewhere else.
The same way you pay off any debt - highest interest rate first. Take all of the extra money you can spare and throw it at this debt. Read the [Wiki](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/commontopics) for a rundown, but make sure your retirement contributions are getting the max contributions, make sure you have an emergency fund, and then throw all your spare pennies at the debt. The subsidized loans are likely below 5%. Once you get through the unsub, you may be better off investing that money somewhere else rather than paying down loans below 5%. That somewhere else may be the market by maxing your 401(k) contributions or whatever other financial goals you are pursing.
There is only one pitfall and trap for a credit card: paying interest. The APR doesn't matter because you will be paying everything off before it earns interest. You will pay your card off, in full, every month. If you can't afford to do that, don't use the card. Interest, even if only 20.24% (some cards have 25%), will bury you faster than you could possibly comprehend. One option is to charge everything to the card and then pay it off throughout the month so it doesn't report high utilization and so you don't get behind. Other than that, just pay at least your minimum (if you haven't gathered, pay the balance in full) every month and your credit will improve. Don't worry about increases - may take six months, and it only helps your score a little bit.
Forgive me if I'm misunderstanding the question, but isn't that how home ownership works? If you buy a new house, the buyer ('s bank) gives you the money for the loan, which goes straight to your bank cutting you a bigger check for the next house?
The [Wiki](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/commontopics) has some good information. 0) Figure out what you owe and to whom. There are a TON of fees and costs and everything else. Find them all, keep track of them, and make sure they get paid. 1) Get a secured credit card. You put down $200 or so to get a $200 credit limit. Capital One Secured Mastercard and Discover It secured both have no annual fee, so you can leave it open for a while. Buy one small thing a month and set it to autopay. Your credit doesn't improve faster by spending more money. Never carry a balance, because then you'll owe 23% APR interest. 2) Spend as little as possible. I like the expression I saw on the front page today: Don't spend and save what's left over; save first and spend what's left over. Get those bills paid at the beginning of the month and try to save enough that you have a 3-month emergency fund. It's going to be really daunting at first, especially trying to get back on your feet, but after living paycheck to paycheck for 7 years, I can tell you it's wonderful to *know* that you will be able to pay rent, regardless of this or that. 3) See #1. 4) Don't get a fancy phone. Don't own a car if you can avoid it. Get onboard with Mint or YNAB (You Need a Budget), which track your spending and put it in little graphs. If you can't have a phone yet, paper is better because you have to write down every little transaction and you see how much you're actually spending. Cook meals at home. Get into cheap hobbies (running, hiking, videogames, all very cheap after initial investment). 5) I'm not sure if your community offers scholarships or programs, but I would bet they do. Start off at a community college, which is about a third the cost per semester of a state school. More on that later. Apply for scholarships - ex con going straight makes a hellova personal statement. Depending on your convictions and history, you might not get federal aid and some universities won't take you. 6) If Applebee's has a 401(k), contribute enough to get their match. For example, my company offers a 50% match up to 4% of my salary. I contribute 8%, they contribute 4%, I get free money. 7) Steady jobs are really the best. Construction and such if you're skilled, stores if you're not. Check out Craigslist "Gigs" and see if you have any skills that are useful. Remember those are 1099 "Independent Contractor" so you have to pay tax at the end of the year on gigs / non W-2. 8) Avoid it if you can. Save up as much as you can, preferably several grand. Throw that at a dependable car with few miles. If you can own it outright, you save yourself TONS of money on payments. Makes it way easier to get on top of things. Good luck. Keep your head up. It DOES get easier, and you do go forward. I know the process and I promise you that once you get past all the red tape and get it behind you, you're good.
Nope. No better option. Put it in a savings account. That 1.2% is pretty good; sometimes you'll get 1% at the most. You simply need the money too soon to do anything with it. Almost anything else has too much risk and variability (eg, what if we find out that China's been messing with currency and the market takes a dump like it did in August 2015 or Feb 2016 - 15-20% loss in one day).
Tell him the truth: your apartment may not accept him if his credit history is poor. Yes, the missed payments would have hurt BIL. In fact, they probably hurt him more than they hurt his dad, since his dad probably has an established credit history. Missing a car payment isn't the end of the world, and it may only show if he missed several. Check Credit Karma.com and see how they reported to BIL's credit.
Keep in mind there are three credit reports - Experian, Equifax, and TransUnion each maintain separate credit histories. Your dad can sign up for Credit Karma and monitor two of them with only soft pulls. If there's nothing on any of them, the debt collector has no right to contact you. Send them, in certified writing, a letter demanding they cease contact. If they don't, and continue to contact you, that is a violation of the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, which carries a penalty of $1,000 per infringement. You can record them (California is a two party consent state - you must state that they are being recorded, or it is illegal, even if it's a recording calling you). After that, figure out who is trying to collect, and sue them into the ground. Judges don't like this sort of shenanigans and you have nothing to lose, assuming this debt is actually as old as you think.
A real job is really the best option. Even a couple hours tutoring or fast food will likely pay better than MTurk or UHRS. I did have some success with UHRS last summer, which was paying about $15-20 per hour, which also happened to be about as much as I could work. The system didn't allow much more in their quality standards. Remember that 1099 jobs ('gigs') often require taxes be paid at the end of the year - even if you're making $15 an hour, it's equivalent to $10 because of your taxes.
If they are offering you something, you could probably get better rates by going with another company, simply because they're not the cheapest. Your credit union or the bank you already use may give you a 'loyalty' rate that is .2-.5% lower than what you would get otherwise. As a general rule, responding to bulk mailings isn't a great idea. They have to pay for it some how - and that's usually by being very profitable.
&gt; Asking to be named as additional insured is common. I think the question is that the landlord is asking to be named as beneficiary?
Would the business-friendly way of describing that condition be 'refurbished'? NAL - I would recommend against describing them as anything but. I would be pretty pissed if a computer that had no mention of condition showed up used.
First off: Keep fighting the good fight. Don't feel bad about not doing everything by the book - you're still making massive strides forward, and you're so much better off than the average American. Secondly, I'm in a similar boat. After paying over $10K in student loans this year, I've realized that I still have another $20K to go before I will be able to meet the &lt;42% debt-to-income ratio test for a mortgage, and THEN I still need to save a downpayment. What I do is print Credit Karma's graph of my 'net worth' every month and hang it on my wall. Definitely makes those 50% salary payments easier to see (even if I have to zoom in a little to see the line move! v.v ) Is affordable housing an option? My county and state offer down payment matching if your income and assets are below a certain number and your credit is good. There are two or three different plans, including requiring no down payment or the state subsidizing your loan. Definitely look into it. For two people, income cap is about $75K for me ($52 one person). Some of those loans are moderate-high - is your credit good enough that you can refinance the highest four down to 4.5 or 5%? There are several lenders who might be able to do that. If you could do it without fees, you could save a few grand there, which is a couple of months' payment. Finally, you've probably already considered living in a rented house for a while, but to me, that may be the best option to keep you sane while throwing that money down a bottomless pit.
&gt; Income tax is the same for W2 and 1099 employees. That is my understanding, but then since most 1099 employees don't set aside their own withholdings, they end up at ~20%+8% = 28% extra tax rate, depending on their tax bracket. 30% is a conservative estimate on what they'll be taxed.
This probably belongs in /r/legaladvice, and frankly, they'll probably tell you to take your case to an experienced lawyer.
It's a poker game. Also, jeeze, that's a huge range. $55K a year in SF is 'starve to death' territory. $95K is 'comfortable and maybe even buy name brand food.' If you say $75, they'll offer you $65. If you say $95K, they'll laugh at you and offer you what they think you'll take. Find out what other jobs in the area pay for your work and position. It's a bummer you don't have 5 years' experience - in the tech world, that's the magic number. Your age works against you, but handle yourself professionally and politely. Remember that the cost of living in Silicon Valley is un-sane, and you would be relocating to live there. Ask them to keep that in mind. Is the company nation-wide or does it operate solely out of California? A company with offices in Palo Alto and Detroit shouldn't pay two employees the same amount for living in different places. Four years' experience? Ask for 85K, maybe they'll offer you 75K?
Unemployment can take a long time to kick in. Not all emergencies terminate your employment - car accidents, medical emergencies, surprise bills.
Quit making excuses about how you can't job hunt. You said it yourself: you're going to be fired in the foreseeable future. It's always easier to find a new job when you're employed. When they ask why you're looking for something new, don't disparage your current employer. Word the reasoning however you want: you feel that a separation is imminent because of the nature of your project. Not lying. Get. A. New. Job. It's way easier when you're already employed and still on good terms with your boss. Also, stop spending money unnecessarily. Like you said, your living expenses are $2K / mo and you have $1K in savings. The math there doesn't bode well - it's time to be on the PB&amp;J diet until you're on solid footing.
Oh, god is that pedantic. It would be pretty dank if my roommate stopped running his coffee grinder at 0600 though. :-D I don't have much to say besides keep living your life. I live underneath two t-rexes. It wasn't bad until the upstairs apartment landlord refinished the apartment with nice hardwood. It looks great, but it doesn't sound as great. Don't let this bother you. There's nothing she can do because just be a generally shitty neighbor. I would go on the record stating that she is violating the rules by smoking, and anytime she says you may have broken the rules, deny it and point to her questionable personality. Consider that bridge burnt and move on.
That's a good question. I am not 100% sure. I *believe* you should be okay only using each card every few months (they say once a year to keep it open). Personally, I put Spotify ($7 / mo) on my emergency card and set it to autopay. I check that everything is good.
Nope. You basically have three weeks to pay after the cycle closes out. For me, it's: * May 1st - 31st, May billing cycle * June 1st, receive May bill * June 23rd, May bill due Interest for MAY purchases will start to accrue June 24th, so pay at least your STATEMENT BALANCE (eg, May bill) before then.
They'll also give you $150 for opening a Chase Freedom or Freedom Unlimited Card (requirement: spend $~~1000~~ $500 in the first 3 months). They'll give you $500 if you open a new Sapphire Preferred card ($4000 in the first 3 months). /r/churning has more info.
Well, first off, you make way more than most people your age. I would suggest using that. Your parents will likely help you cover food and you hopefully won't have rent. Keep that job as long as you can - $17.50 an hour doesn't come easy. Many of my friends, most of whom have degrees, are struggling to find more than $12-13 / hr. Then, work. $3500 / semester is totally reasonable. They'll give you a bill each semester, due by a specific date. Work with your financial aid department to pay it in three payments per semester. As for your car - you'll likely have to finance it. The sweet spot really tends to be about $10,000 or so - a couple year old 'econobox' with under 40-50K miles. Put as much down as you can (hopefully $3-5K - the more you put down, the lower your interest rate). Sounds like your parents are still supporting you. If that's the case, they should be able to cosign and bring the interest rate down, if they have good credit. Finally, don't forget to open a credit card - many banks have student credit cards with small limits and no fees. That's totally fine - charge one small thing every month and set it to autopay your whole balance every month. That, and your auto loan, will have your credit score pretty high real quickly. If you're smart, you could graduate with zero debt and make a lot of money. I would suggest doing that.
I would recommend putting a strong password on your computer and enabling hard drive encryption. If you need to know how to do that, it's quite easy as it comes with your OS and is only a very minor inconvenience. It will remove his ability to use your computer and definitely remove his ability to snoop through your files. Same with your phone. From there... politely remind him that you're prefer your space to remain yours. If he has concerns, he can text you before entering your space to borrow something.
If your name was not on the lease, and it wasn't, they can't come after you for her expenses. If the name WAS, that would be different story. You have rights as a person being pursued for a debt. Read up on the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act. Basically, you can request that they no longer contact you, as it's not your debt and you've confirmed it's not your debt. They are legally only allowed to contact you for her information. You are allowed to dispute, in writing within 30 days, the validity of the debt. Supposedly, there is a punitive fine of $1,000 for every time they violate this. INAL.
&gt; up to 168 hours per week New Manager: "Not enough! I hear that computers never sleep and we've gotta keep a leg up on them!"
Not a lawyer. [Minnesota Law](https://www.revisor.mn.gov/statutes/?id=504b.178) &gt;(1) within three weeks after termination of the tenancy; ... return the deposit to the tenant, with interest thereon as provided in subdivision 2, or furnish to the tenant a written statement showing the specific reason for the withholding of the deposit or any portion thereof. He did not do this. You get it all back, default: &gt; 4.Damages. Any landlord who fails to: (1) provide a written statement within three weeks of termination of the tenancy; (3) transfer or return a deposit as required by subdivision 5, after receipt of the tenant's mailing address or delivery instructions, as required in subdivision 3, is liable to the tenant for damages in an amount equal to the portion of the deposit withheld by the landlord and interest thereon as provided in subdivision 2, as a penalty, in addition to the portion of the deposit wrongfully withheld by the landlord and interest thereon. No damages though. Write a letter informing him of the statute, that because of his failure to return your money or provide a statement of what/why he was witholding, he has forfeited any portion of your security deposit. Feel free to quote the statue. If he tries to mess around, small claims court will settle this quickly. Standard advice: save a copy of that letter and send it certified mail. Keep track of any further communication with him, preferably written.
Oh, good catch. OP, you could very possibly demand DOUBLE.
Used to work at a (CO) worker's comp office. If you hurt yourself at work, you notify your employer in writing. Soon - there is a timeline. Since they're a big chain, they will require you to sit down with HR and fill out paperwork. This is how it gets covered. They will ask you things like what happened, what you hurt, and if anyone saw it. From there, you will go to a (workman's comp) doctor's office. Their option of choice will be posted in your breakroom. Do NOT pay for it; tell them it's workman's comp and they will bill your insurance. This is kind of a 'general practitioner' of sorts; he will likely do x-rays if it's bad or send you to an orthopedist (specializes in muscle - skeleton injuries). Frankly, I don't think it is bad, if it doesn't continue to hurt. You cannot be fired or punished for filing the claim, but you can be fired if you miss work for the claim in an at-will state like mine. [More info](https://www.workplacefairness.org/file-workers-comp-kentucky) As for the breaks - that's another issue. Read up on your laws. My state has a statute that says we get a break *when possible*, meaning servers rarely get breaks. All of this information is legally mandated to be posted at your workplace, usually in the breakroom.
You could probably even give him this load as a courtesy and tell him to GTFO.
In most leases, it specifies that once it rolls month-to-month, it is still the original conditions of the lease. Read what is says about changing rent. But no, they cannot change your rent mid-month or retroactively. Make sure that they didn't send you mail.
If you ignore them, they could tow or boot your car.
Dude. You're his roommate. Sit him down and tell him to be an adult. If he can't produce the bill, you won't pay it, just like anything else. Also, you had agreement to pay half of $100 a month for cable. Not $200. If the change is from changes he made, he won't succeed in court.
&gt; They should have to pay me for the unused time by the last paycheck &gt; They have to pay me for the amount of PTO I've earned for next year (pro-rated)? Normally it will be included in your last paycheck. Make sure to clear that up, preferably in an email to HR (which you then print and store at home). Also, doesn't matter where 'corporate' is - your employment is governed by the laws in your state. By doing business is your state, including hiring employees in that state, they are subject to its laws.
Growing up in Colorado, it's actually a little easier. The columbine is our state flower, so we see it everywhere. There are hikes named Columbine, a city, parks, etc. We also have a license plate that says 'RESPECT LIFE' at the bottom. It took me a while to realize why it had a purple flower on it. Seven year old persondude was an idjit. On that note, it wasn't one person, but two - those fuckers really ruined shockrock. Marilyn Manson and Rammstein, to name a couple.
Well, it *is* really cold up there. Have you considered drinking to stay warm?
&gt; a debit card... a secured card is just about the same darn thing This is not true. A secured credit card is a credit card, while a debit card is a debit card. A credit card lends you the money, then sends you a bill at the end of the month. A debit card takes the money out immediately. Because of that, big transactions are often put on-hold until the account holder can be contacted to clear it (happened to me several times when buying $600 items on the internet). The difference between a secured and unsecured card is that the bank sits on your security deposit until you close the card, then gives it back.
I am not 100%, but I believe you can put down much more money and get a higher limit. Call them to be sure - as you mentioned, don't apply before you know it will work, or it will temporarily hurt your chances of getting a card. I wish I could be more help, but I only have a secured Visa with $200. By the way, it helped me rebuild - after 8 months with that card, I had a Chase Freedom with a $2500 limit, and exactly one year after I got it, they raised the limit to $4000. I imagine that if you have a higher income than me, which is likely, you could get a better limit eventually..
I know this feels like it's been beaten - but I want to put everything all together in one place. Utilization is reported to credit, which is used to calculate score. 1) Utilization is 'reset' every month, meaning this month's utilization will be overwritten by next month. 2) You paid it off before the statement date, so your utilization never got reported. Your credit will be not be negatively affected by this purchase. You are set. Keep making on-time payments, don't pay interest, and live a long and happy life! :-D
The [FAQ](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/commontopics) has some really great advice. Actually, you already answered your own question: Take most of your bonus and put it in a savings account. This is your emergency fund. I know it's really tempting to treat yo self, but an emergency fund is so much more important than anything else. What happens if you have a surprise medical bill, you can't work for a bit, your car needs emergency repairs, or a family member gets trapped in Tijuana? Obviously, that's the point of an emergency fund. 3 months of *real* living expenses, including rent, food, car, cellphone, bills. Make a budget (which, conveniently, is step 0 of the wiki!). For me, it's about $1000 / mo - so my security blanket is $3,000. It should be more, but I'm aggressively paying off a 12% loan. Secondly - your student loans, at under $30K, are likely all federal subsidized. Calculate the interest rate combined, and the interest rate individually. If they're under 5%, your money may be better off used elsewhere. Some federal loans are 3.2%. That's great! Pay those off last - maybe even let them run to term. Your money may be worth more elsewhere. There are two pays to pay them down: snowball and avalache. Snowball, paying the smallest debt first, is slower and costs a bit more, but gives you the added emotional boost of paying off individual bills more quickly. Avalanche includes paying off the highest interest rate first. Since that isn't the smallest bill, it might take a bit longer before things start disappearing - but when they do, it's in the most cost-efficient way. Truly, with your income and the fact that you could probably pay $10K of them today and still have a 4 month emergency fund, I would say they won't be a problem for you. Your plan to pay off student debt is admirable - but, take two steps first. When you do start your new job, and they give you 401(k) election paper, look over it and contribute at least the max. For example, my company offers up to 4% match at 50%. So I contribute 8% of my salary, they contribute 4%, and I get 12% total, of which 1/3 is LITERALLY FREE. This is just about the only place in the world you'll ever find free money. Plus, it will likely be on the order of $3-4,000 / yr, tax free. From there, find out how much you can throw at student loans. I imagine that you'll be receiving about $2500 - $2700 every two weeks, so you should have about $2000 ish left over, somewhere on the order of $4K / mo. I'm no math expert, but it won't take you much more than 5 months to be entirely out of debt. The's phenomenal. From there, you start saving for your own goals: house, vacations, etc. From experience, I can tell you this requires a LOT of restraint right now. You can work really, really hard, and sit down and analyze your spending and stick to your budget, and own a house in three years. Or, you can get sloppy, say "I make a ton of money!" and *spend* a ton of money. Then, your loans will take a year, your house will take another five, and suddenly you'll wonder why you have tons of nice things but no money. I'm not saying 'never buy anything nice for yourself' - I'm just saying to watch out for the dreaded Lifestyle Creep. Good luck! Keep fighting the good fight! And hey - **congrats**. Remember all those times you stayed up late doing homework, you went to class when you'd rather be outside? IT JUST PAID OFF.
I know that Robinhood and the rest are appealing, but I think the best advice would be to invest over the longterm, it has proven to be the best and most reliable rate of return. Use your company's 401(k) or IRA, whichever they have, to contribute at least up to their match. For example, my company offers a 50% match up to 4% of my salary. If I contribute 8%, they contribute half of that, 4%, to 12% contributions total. This is simply the highest rate of return you'll ever get. That's an immediate, guaranteed, 50% return. You will likely never top that unless you win the lottery. Vanguard has really cheap index funds, but you'll need to use your company's provider. I was lucky to get Vanguard at my first company, but the new one uses a MUCH more expensive option. Look at the Target Retirement funds series. For example, I use VTTSX, which is retirement 2060. At the goal retirement date gets closer, the fun switches to less volatile investments (bonds) so it's less likely to lose value. Otherwise, it's a pretty normal index fund. It has a $1,000 minimum, so invest there.
Without knowing much more about your financial position, we can't help much. Also, what specifically is your question? You now have a high-interest checking account. Now, you need to start saving a ton. Go to the [FAQ] (https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/commontopics)and get it figured out. Start at step 0: build a budget. (For the record, your checking returns 0.06% APY. If you were to leave a grand in there for 365 days, untouched, you would get a return of $6. Other places, like Ally, offer 1%, but really that's not what checking accounts are for.) You've got pretty of road ahead, but plenty of time to cover it. Brokerage is how you buy/sell stocks. You likely don't need to buy and sell stocks. How are you employed? Talk to HR and setup a retirement fund through them.
Check to make sure that they don't tack on a 1-3% fee for paying by CC. How long are you planning on staying? Average age of accounts is one of the things reported. I'm not sure how long you've been renting, or whether they would be able to report that as the start, but when you move out, it will report as 'PAID AS AGREED' for 2 years, or however long you lived there. If it's more than a couple of years, great. Ensure that you speak with them and mention that they will include ORIGINAL date of move-in as your Age of Account - for example, if you moved in three years ago, and have 6+ months left, that's a good thing. If you moved in 6 months ago, and will move out in 6 months, it won't hurt, but will pull your AAoA down. It is unlikely that adding more positive reports but decreasing your AAoA will hurt you at all, but it might limit your future score by a few points, at least until your old accounts become much older. Really your call. Read up on how FICO calculates that. Positive reports count a lot, but AAoA accounts for 15%: http://www.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/average-credit-account-age-fico-score-1586.php
/r/churning has more information, though these guys take this game pretty far and get points and miles. You don't have to close your WF account, from my understanding. Open a Chase account (which Chase Freedom or Freedom Ultimate) card, and get another $150 cashback on the card ($500 minimum spend in first 3 months). Read the fine print: it's usually 3 months of direct deposit, and sometimes a minimum time the account is open (&gt;6 months?). They may also require a minimum balance. Your call on if that effort is worth it. For the record, I have Chase for about 7 years, and they've been good to me. Tons of ATMs, so the ATM fee isn't a problem. I've overdrawn once, and called to chat. They returned it immediately as a courtesy, which apparently they can do every 6 months. I don't have any ridiculous fees since technically I have a student checking account. That and my credit card are my only accounts. Checking is easy and free. What else do people use bank accounts for?
I think they say 'recurring' direct deposits, which I understand to mean paycheck. The churners may know more. But jeeze - with $450 ($300 + $150 CC) on the line, it's not a bad plan, even if it takes 3 months.
DOE is nice because they have excellent options for repayment. Keeping the safety buffer is a really good idea. A 5.3% loan is pretty good, especially with the benefits that come from it. Also, my loan servicer for my DOE loans, Navient, offers a .25% permanent discount if I enroll in autopay.
I know you've tired of reading the wiki, but I'd say start with the FAQ: Ensure that you have an emergency fund that is 3-6 months. From there, pay off any high interest debts - credit cards, expensive loans, etc. Then, apply the money to your purposes. If you plan on returning to the US, you could use that money to retire. Otherwise, a good index fund would be worth it to jumpstart your retirement. I'm not familiar with German tax-advantaged plans, but remember that you'll need to become familiar with transferring money between.
My direct deposit allows me to split each deposit into multiple accounts (percentage). My company uses PayChex.
I managed a PT clinic in a different state from yours for a while. * Generally, you would be billed a copay for what you missed: eg, $50. This is most clinics, though it's conceivable they billed you for the entirety of the missed session. Getting ahold of a bill would be helpful. * $800 for four visits seems really extreme. We averaged $93 reimbursement per 40 minute appointment. Are you sure they aren't tacking on late and collection fees, etc? &gt; why would they let me schedule these appointments if my insurance would not cover it This has nothing to do with your insurance. Insurance will not pay for a visit you did not attend, yet the clinic paid their employees to be there, not working, because you bailed. Also, many, many people's insurance doesn't cover PT, or they have to meet a deductible before insurance will cover it. Either way, a medical provider is never *obligated* to bill insurance for you. They do it as a courtesy (and so they get paid faster). I would recommend requesting your records. You will have to fill out a HIPPA compliant release form, if not already in their intake paperwork. Ask for all records, including billing. They may charge you a [reasonable fee per page](https://www.dhs.wisconsin.gov/wisact146/medical-records-fee.pdf) which will likely be on the order of a dollar a page, expecting about 10 pages. Some clinics may supply the patient with records for free, depending on their policy (but remember - you already wasted a bunch of their money). Once you have the records, you could argue that you didn't attend visits 2-4 and therefore can't be billed $200 for them, but the cancellation fee of $50 / day or so (whatever clinic policy you probably signed and agreed to in your intake paperwork) will likely still apply. Worst case scenario, $200 COULD be their cancellation fee. That seems extreme. Also, if they won't send you records because your account is negative, you could probably walk in and ask for a copy of intake paperwork. They may ask why. I would recommend not telling them "I am trying to get out of a very expensive bill." Remember, they have every right to send you to collections, and you don't want that (especially if you're about to lose financial aid, wherein you might need your credit to apply for loans). Figure this out civilly - perhaps by offering to pay them, in cash, today, for the first appointment for getting the non-visits wiped.
Many schools, especially college-geared schools, will allow an option for to retake the course and fix the record. I got a D in a AP US History (and a 5 on the exam... hah!) my senior year. One of my colleges requested a 'personal statement'; the other two didn't care. It's not the end of the world. For the record, since you seem to care: I slacked off in math and history my senior year. Barely got through them, actually. I really paid for it in calc in college - I had to retake it twice (three times total). I really effed it up. Work hard now - it's not that much extra work, and college classes will go 4x faster than highschool.
Not a lawyer. Move on. The job isn't worth your time.
I know this has probably been moved to UK, but... &gt;faked my signature and said the parcel was left on the porch Why leave it on the porch is someone signed for it?
Yeah, I'd be pretty pissed if I ordered 100 MB service (800 Mb) and got 100 Mb service. that's the difference between 'for a small company' and 'for two or three tech people' speeds. If it's formal quote paperwork, I would imagine that you could lose agreements and have customers flake for a breach of contract on your side. Also, it's simply bad business. Small companies live and die on local reputations and word of mouth. Can you undercut management, go straight to a person who can make that change, and have them change it?
Some phones like the Blu Energy X have dual SIM card support. Two numbers will ring on one phone. Doesn't help your solution (ie, the app still needs to be installed on the phone)- just figured you should know that exists.
NAL. That violation was 25 mph above, which is considered a criminal misdemeanor. You failed to appear in court; I imagine there is a warrant out for your arrest. Definitely call before you attempt to re-enter the country. Your license is almost definitely suspended.
Legal vs. nonlegal here: He's not going to be able to get someone to sign a lease on a room they can't see. Obviously, he's being a jerk and you want out. Your sublet means that you're probably not responsible after a certain date, but it's possible that your lease has verbiage that states you need to make a reasonable attempt to get the house shown. The easiest way is not the legal way: tell him that you expect to be present at showings. That way, you can show the prospective tenant around.
HR is not there to help you. They are there to protect the interests of the company; eg, prevent them from getting sued. Print out the email. Print out the statue. Explain to HR that your supervisor seems to misunderstand the law. Be professional and courteous, and start looking for another job. If you raise trouble about this (which it sounds like you already got caught in their sights), you will be terminated for another "unrelated" reason shortly.
I think the wording is the difference between DISCONNECTED and OUT OF YOUR NAME. For example, you should call your power and water companies and explain that the last day of your lease is June 31st. They should ask you for an address for the last bill. When they ask who you're transferring it to, you can give them the management company's name.
Please remove identifying information - real names and company names.
&gt; To which Charlie replied "the lease expires 8/31/16" Time to gear up for court. This is a $4800 question. It's a bummer the courts aren't jovial about things like this, because you absolutely cannot say: &gt; "Great! It's so kind of you to give us a free month's rent, because the amount to be paid for the duration of the lease is clearly enumerated: $57,600. Good thing we got that in writing, so that no party would be able to misunderstand that we would be paying exactly that much and not a penny more."
I would love to believe that it was an accident, but it does really sound like this was the company's intent from the get-go. I doubt they will make it that easy.
Tell him to obtain copies of all of his documents - pay stubs, 401(k), etc. He should already have copies, but having them now is very important. My company turned off my access to their payroll system immediately - I mean, within ten minutes of me clocking out. I suggest looking for a new job.
Looks like it's still listed at that price. Do you really want to do business with a company that's trying to bait and switch you?
Interesting to see this today. I stopped by B&amp;N yesterday on my way home from work to buy a Father's Day gift for my dad (who would be out of town until today). I found the book, eventually - there was one copy, and it had already been read through. The cover had been bent on the 'trade paperback', which is the way of saying 'cheap, mass-market'. I ended up buying it. I made my way to the cash register, where there was one cashier and four people in line. I picked up on her routine: * She had a Bobby Flay (chef?) grilling book that she had to tell us was a great gift and $20 off (normally $39.99). * She had to ask if we were a B&amp;N member, and then tell us how much cheaper the book would be if we were * She had to ask if we had a B&amp;N card * She had to ask for my email address. Turns out, that's why the transaction took so long. She wouldn't have had four people in line if she didn't have to ask five separate questions for each one. I realized then and there: **This is why I hate corporate shopping.** Out of curiosity, I went to the local independent bookstore, which is a bit out of the way and parking is a disaster. The had four copies of the book, as well as the sequel. I bought the sequel. The gal at the counter asked me what I thought of the first and recommended another book for me. *That* is why Barnes and Noble going out of business will be great for customers.
&gt; I'm going to have to let the office call them because for some reason Your post is complaining that they don't do a good job of communicating, and then you decide to let them communicate for you? Here are ways you can get ahold of them: * Find out through the company who your insurance company is. * Call your insurance company. If you can't operate the Googles, ask your workman's comp clinic to give you their number. They will have it. * When you get ahold of a human, tell them you need the number for your claims adjuster. *You are entitled to their direct line*. They will probably ask for your claim number, which you can get either from your doctor's office or off of the documents that they've been sending you. It should be written on every single document (or insurance won't reimburse)! I really suggest advocating for yourself, because no one else will. You may be able to request a nurse case manager from the insurance company. Let me make this clear: you are the only person with your interest at heart. The insurance company wants to close this case as quickly and cheaply as possible. The doctor's office wants you to get back to work so that they maintain a good relationship with your company. Your company didn't want it to happen in the first place. YOU ARE THE ONLY PERSON WHO WANTS IT DONE RIGHT. Also, why would your parent's insurance cover anything? They should not cover anything work comp related - in fact, they should have denied the claim and told you to file with workman's comp. The only reason work comp would not cover 100% of authorized treatment (emergency rooms and initial contacts are not required to be authorized in most states) is if you were under the influence of controlled substances.
True, but the nVidia ones are already out. There is an article on the main page about 1070s being $409! The AMD 480 comes out in a week.
Like, REALLY old and rusty. Barely running but definitely still licensed. Brilliant. :-D
This is my street address. When I was 14, I started using that as my PIN. Many years later, I realized why that was a bad plan.
Don't have anything to add besides: don't go back. Eff that guy. He will fire you for some other reason quickly enough. Take your unemployment and use this as the kick in the pants you need to get a different job.
Can you go to User -&gt; Login Items -&gt; see if Weekdays is listed? I truly have no idea why that launches. Other than that, are you usually rebooting with a soft(ware) power off? Eg, not hard power off but selecting Shut Down?
Thanks for the response! Does adding a window have an downsides? Obviously, makes the case waaaaay classier.
Read everything you sign. Many times, the insurance company will rush you a check and the fine print of what you're saying is that this *completely* fulfills their liability. Usually, it's 10-20% lower than the lowest possible case scenario, so they'll pony it up quickly to save themselves over the long run. You do not have to take any settlement they give you, but be prepared for court it they don't accept your counter.
And I'll bet it feels even better to have a 5% salary boost in the form of a savings account. My company does 2%. :'( Max that puppy out!
That's not true! It's just about the only thing we Mac users *can* do! :-D
Similar: My mother truly, in her heart of hearts, believes that AIDs is God punishing the gays. One of her coworkers, a heterosexual and godly woman, has AIDs. Oh, that's God punishing us for allowing the gays to marry. Her friend has had AIDs since the 80s. Bonus: "Obama is the Antichrist. His middle name is Hussein. What more evidence do you need?"
Sadly, not a joke. Just happened a year before I was born.
Anyone know how to do this on Chase?
Thanks for the info! I don't pay much attention on the rewards on my card, but have definitely noticed that Mint misfiles some of my payments (though that may be from company name rather than merchant code). Thanks for the post!
&gt; They can certainly make you pay when you renew of course. They can also decline to renew the lease if you cause trouble. If you plan on staying there a while, you will pay the $150 now or later. Shows you how poor the management company is.
Yes. Press them, and press them hard. They might pulling a bait and switch on you. They show you and sign you on a nicer apartment and then you move in to find it's a different apartment. Demand to see the new apartment or consider the lease void. Do this in writing.
Degree in exercise physiology here. **Walking**. Walk to lunch. Walk to the store. Walk with friends. We don't care where you walk; just walk. Walking is a couple hundred calories per hour, but it increases *function*, which is incredibly important.
&gt; I currently hover around one month's income in savings so I thought if I could use my roommate's supplemental income and toss back another $750+/month to savings, I could get to 3 months income by year's end, maybe sooner. This leads me to believe you don't have an emergency fund. Is that the case? Honestly, an emergency fund is crucial. I don't like the idea of using a credit card to cover it, because that's not saved money. I actually say build the emergency fund *first*, and then pay your debt down. Don't forget to pay minimum payments on the 0% interest CC. Make sure every penny is paid off by 2017. Also, the funniest piece of advice I've ever received on PF: "If at all possible, avoid having costly medical conditions." ;)
Spotify is almost as bad. I listen to a playlist that I've listened to for months and now there are commercials from whatever band they're promoting. Yesterday, a 2-hour-long playlist had five, 15 second long commentary bits from their 'Featured Artist'. I can skip em, but it's a pain in the ass.
