Stats like STR and DEX hit a cap at 40, 90 is really overkill. But basically for ripostes you want to use an ultra greatsword to get heavy dmg on ripostes and guardbreak.
With low vit the best could be either menu-swapping to an UGS when you parry /guardbreak someone, though you need training to do it consistently, or using a dagger. Daggers have lower riposte/guardbreak dmg, but they have a fast backstab startup animation (the best backstab dagger at 99 dex being the Umbral Dagger, and the best for most critical attacks being the Shadow Dagger). You won't get as much dmg as with an Ultra weapon though of course.
You know, losing your souls is already a penalty. What I'd say was unbalanced in the vanilla version was the rings of sacrifice, they only costed 3000 souls to repair (now 15 000). And seriously, I never had any problems with Gower's, it takes a ring slot and breaks quickly, Jester's top is way more op in that regard. Also, I do not consider any of the things I listed as "cheating", cause they are working the way they are intended, and they take a ring slot, which can be really important to consider.
Just keep playing, you should check what each stat does online but try not to spoil the game for yourself with walkthrough/playthrough, it will be more enjoyable (except if you're stuck obviously!).
Forlorn encounters are really random (he can invade in a lot of different areas), there's no real way to trigger their spawn, and I think they can invade you even after killing the area boss.
So you're the one who stole all manikins masks and replaced them with [these abominations](http://i.ytimg.com/vi/n_BzwEaHBlc/maxresdefault.jpg) ? I'm coming for you
Alluring skulls work too
I could help again, not sure about the SM though, I'm at 2.9 still. Edit: just checked, it will work
You're creating a monster I hope you know what you're doing
Same, you only see them if you light the crypt so I sometimes don't notice them
I use a dark infused falchion, as anyway you need 20fth/20int to use the Majestic GS. It's quick, allows you to catch rolls, to backtab your opponents and to finish them when they have low hp.
Then you aren't looking hard enough, you can switch between every covenant in the game with no problem.
wut
Retainer's robes, has good elemental resists.
It indeed does have an AR of 0 in the stats, but in reality you still hit for at least 400 dmg per hit. OP should be doing more dmg than 150 (source; I've been invading with it and I use it with 0 AR).
awww Roenna looks so cute EDIT: now I'm gonna feel really bad knowing every phantom and npc invader in the game is smiling like a madman trying to kill me
Are you on PC? You could try to install OpenCities, as it will eliminate the loading time completely by making the city a part of the world.
The Belfry Luna is good at low sm (around 100k-200k) I believe. Belfry Sol is better at higher sm because you get to the Iron Keep way after.
Are you by any chance blind?
He's still doing his duties as the Thief Guild master, doing risky thefts with the help of other members and his contacts. Nobody knows his name, but he is as influent as Maven Black-Briar, and rejected Ulfric's offer to make the Guild the spies of the new Stormcloak empire.
Not a quest, just my own lore, don't worry
The thing is, if you get poisoned and do not have any moss, then you are fucked. Of course, that's your own fault for not having any, but yeah when you don't expect poison you can die pretty fast and be a bit pissed about it. I almost never encounter poison users, so when I do I often have problems to go in my menu and use a moss.
The guy probably spawned them with a mule or cheat engine if you are on pc. It could be legit but I doubt it.
A colored name means the guy's using cheat engine to hack stuff. Some hackers are nice, but most of them only want to annoy others by breaking all their stuff (you can go at the repair tree in Shulva to fix this quickly), or even by spawning impossible items that will probably get you softbanned (basically a ban from online where you can only play with other banned people). Tallgeese is kinda known now on the Souls games, but he isn't a bad guy. Some people are using his name to do bad stuff though.
I agree, I just forget about it often because I'm doing pve/coop or fighting bosses, and as a result I switch what I've got in my quick access slots.
Actually, you can pick up items as long as you discard them right after if they aren't legit (like +15 weapons, infused weapons that you can't usually infuse and stuff like that). The problem comes if you quit the game or your save, cause then the game will check for anomalies.
yup
Not exactly mean, but I was using immolation to make a sun cosplay (literally naked and praising it, like everyone should do it), and I got summoned for an IK fightclub. I also used the self-poisoning of the Sanctum Mace to die faster, so I was loosing health pretty quickly. When the fighters saw me, they stopped fighting, got closer and started praising too, and casted warmth, enough for me to survive poison and immolation. I then jumped on one of the burning rocks down the bridge, and two of them followed me to their deaths. I was laughing the whole time, it was awesome...
I use it only when the guy I fought was being a real bitch (like arena /bridge healing, or using a tryhard setup), but a lot of people use it just to piss off the opponent or beacause they are salty.
They are used to open the doors to the three dlcs, one after Black Gulch, second after the Old Iron King, and third in the Shrine of Winter on the way to Drangleic Castle.
Huh, you should have a new icon near your health/stam bars, and you should be able to cancel the effect at a bonfire. If that's not it, I don't know why you have this problem.
Yup, but your opponent also have that kind of problem. It affects both players, not only one of them. Of course though, connection can help or disadvantage a player.
*skyrim theme starts playing*
ahah good one
They will probably base their lore mostly on Dks1, I hope we'll get some Dks2 elements though (wouldn't say no to Sir Alonne's katana or stuff like that).
There's not a lot of hackers, I played 700 hours and only saw like 5 of them.
I fucking knew someone would post that, wasn't disappointed. Fear the Old Memes.
The curse pots are the ones doing this laugh btw
You sure the dead person was a follower? It could be any npc you helped in a way or another, they send you a letter of inheritance when they die.
[Greatbows are using Beach Umbrellas as ammo though](https://youtu.be/w9pW7PpypMU), makes them amazing (Edit: oh yeah eng subtitles required unless you speak italian)
Yeah, actually I've met a few people that fight back naked with their fists when they see you doing that, it's great.
I think it was in vanilla Dks2 too. It's funny, though to hide let's say it's far from the best choice
Yeah, I think it's the same guy that did the music Dark Souls tribute a few weeks ago
About the multiplayer, it doesn't use your soul level but your soul memory, which you can see in the stats screen. So you have really no reason to stop leveling. About the Pursuer, I had to fight him around 15 times my first playthrough. Leveling your adaptability helps a lot, and to get souls and to learn how to fight him you could drop a small white soapstone just before the ladder of the platform where you encounter him in the first place.
You shouldn't use an effigy every time you die, or you'll run out pretty quick. A bit later in the game you wil find a ring that will prevent going below 75% of your max health when in hollow form. Right now, what you can do is get the key to the Majula Mansion in the forest of giants from Cale, then in the Mansion you'll find a Pharros Lockstone. If you use it in the area below the Ballista traps near Pate, then you can get the Chloranthy ring, which regens your stamina faster. If you can, try leveling your adaptability around 10 to get more invincibility frames on your rolls. Always try to keep some space from the boss during the battle so that you can roll backwards if low on health. Always roll in the opposite directions the attacks are coming, it makes them easier to dodge (except the grap attack where his sword changes color, just avoid it). If you need to heal, try do do it by dodging his attack and walking backwards using a lifegem, the best moment to heal being when you dodge the last hit of his three hit combo. In my opinion his most dangerous attack is when he does his three hit combo but with the first hit sped up, it's really hard to dodge. Overall it's a pretty hard boss, but the good news is that if you manage to kill him alone you'll probably get a lot better after that. And don't worry about having problems in the game at first, everyboy has difficulties at first (took me around 15-20 tries to kill the pursuer the first time I played). And if you still can't kill him, drop your summon sign, get summoned, help kill him either at the first platform where you encounter him or in his boss arena, and then you'll be human again and will be able to summon people to help you for the fight.
You could use a small shield
Yeah, probably the place I hated the most in my first Sotfs playthrough.
You can still do it pretty easily, at least I personally can't run to Smelter in Iron Keep without killing the Knights, and I can run to Blue Smelter without killing anything in the Iron Passage.
he has bosmer in his name wait is that fur coming out of your ears
400 gold is actually a lot I think, I always get 100 gold...
Yuuup.
You should be able to do a double sudoku to get the buff on both weapons at the same times when powertsancing them
so funny
Mages are among the easiest people to fight. The only thing that can makes them hard to fight is when they are using a shield (or if they are really good obviously). If rolls annoy you, just get a curved sword, and run to them. When they come out of their roll, do a running attack. If they roll directly after, repeat.
The weapons and spell tools are the exact same as they were in vanilla dks2.
oooooh yeah then I get it
I mean a small curved sword like the falchion, spider silk or manikin saber, not a curved Greatwsord
take that filthy hexer time to go say hi to shulva's pagan tree I guess
You didn't even tell us what platform you're playing on :3
The screen notification only pops up if you have enabled texture override in the settings text file, so it's normal. What works well with dsfix for your framerate is to enable the option to uncap the framerate, and then use the option to choose the framerate you want and set it to 30. It runs way better (though I have a glitch when using humanities where I can't quit the bonfire).
Dunno, at least that's what I remember from my first character in vanilla Dks2. I might've been just salty as fuck.
I was mainly playing on the Bridge back then. Now I agree that most people in the arena have some skill, though I'm really sad everyones follows the meta that much (playing on pc sl150, all I see is rapiers/straightswords/katanas). As a result, I invade most of the time, but it gets boring to fight unexperienced players, though ganks are fun.
Same for me, except I really like using the great club to fight ganks
I must say that when I escaped the ratway with Esbern it was such a clusterfuck that I simply murdered every living thing I saw, she probably died in there then
Yeah I agree, at least Velstadt dies faster than in his bossfight
Nadalia was controlling him from what the devs said in the design interviews.
Okay, seriously I love the place and I think it would make playing with weapons like reapers or haldbers easier than on the bridge (not enough space sometimes). The problem, though, is that I'm sure that we would get even more ganks, as there are a lot of people farming loyce souls (and as a result a ton of summon signs), and one player alone could gank simply by summoning npc phantoms.
And a programmist!!!
Delete Dream32, it's the only way
thanks you dear mod
havel's set can't melt
thanks bot
If it's the last, then I'm ok with it as long as I remember it as an awesome game and adventure.
Yeah, that's also what I thought, his armor kinda looks like the Forlorn's
Wow, CoD4 was way better than Dks1, wtf man :3
Marked for Death was my dragon/boss killer on my first playthrough. It's fucking powerful.
love the jester buttface guy
You seem like a fun player
A backstab is meant as a way to stop a spammer in Dks2 (rapier, UGS, spears) or to deal heavy damage with an ultra weapon to punish your opponent. It's harder to bs with an heavy weapon though. I think currently in Dks2 backtabs are balanced: the more damage your weapon deal in a bs, the longer the confirmation animation is. The problem is that with instant bs like in Dks and a non-perfect connection, it becomes a strategy that doesn't really require a lot of skill to perform. Backstabs should be a strategic option to get your stamina back and be able to place yourself when your opponent wakes up. Not an offensive move by itself.
Probably as usual only dedicated servers for matchmaking
That would be really weird as Dks2 was running fine at 60fps all the time. Though, maybe they tied some mechanics to the framerate again and will lock it to 30 on pc because of it, but that would be really dumb.
Cliff Souls?
Thanks!
This is a global internet issue, it's what happens when you give people the possibility to express what they think anonymously, or here when you give them an option to shit on someones opinions without even answering them, just by clicking a button. That's what I hate the most on every website, and I thank every person that tries to be open-minded and who understands that people have different points of view. Discussing something you don't agree with is almost always worth it.
Dark Souls is probably one of the only game series where you should NEVER go afk.
Well, the dlcs were meant to be a challenge for all the people who finished the game and maybe even ng+. So yeah the main game is way easier
An occult club isn't exaclty a queen's weapon is it?
At least you can run through most of Izalith without any real problem once you know the place, but yeah it doesn't feel inspired and the level-design is meh (and the Bed of Chaos shouldn't exist).
Okay, that's cool! You'll see, they are awesome
Elana isn't that hard, but if you get a bad rng then yeah she will fuck you up hard. I thought Sinh was way harder cause he just flies around half the time and breaks your stuff.
Oh god that would be impossible, or then just end-game. Seriously, the hunters seem to be a nightmare
You could do the Thieves Guild quest and get the Nightingale power that as the same effect as fury
It's supposed to be, but even the devs admitted during an interview that their design was a failure.
patreon champagne best champagne
Yes, the difference comes from your opponents armor and resistances. Furthermore, armors have a lot of different defenses: blunt, thrust, slash, and all the other elemental stuff. So if you were risposting with a slash weapon, people with good slash resistance will take less dmg.
There's almost no difference in dmg even when you have 0 ar
I guess I wasn't using it properly then , I'll give it another try!
Yup, having to use a ring slot to cap your build is annoying as fuck. I also use the Ring of living most of the time, which makes it so that I only have two ring slots left (and I also often use Third Dragon in one of those two slots).
I think you're wrong, the moveset is really good and makes it a strong weapon once you have mastered it. It's a more frightening weapon than most greatswords and ugs imo.
Fear the Old Meme Lawrence, fear it.
There was Mastodon Armor, Pharros Mask, the Zwei and the Crest Shield though
I can help, add me on Steam, same name as my reddit account
Huh no actually, I'll just leave my sign outside the room with the pursuers with the engraved ring on Quella
Hollowing would be depression, it's as simple as that
The Ash Lake hydra.
I'm sorry but that cannot compete with [the bucket](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=243198139&amp;searchtext=bucket)
Ask Cole McGrath, he'll tell you if it's evil or not
I think the times in Sotfs is more than 10 minutes now. Also yes, it's stupid to see how many people pull the plug when invaded.
How do you kiss during the ceremony though
Being a beginner doesn't mean you have to disconnect. Invasions are part of the game, as unfair as they can seem. At least they should try to deal with it with in-game means like the Blue Apostles, summons, or by using an op setup. Everything is better than just disconnecting.
is that a troll? you're using the winblade m8
even with a winblade they'll win the trade anyway, just grab a spear
An MMO would probably be bad. One of the things I like about this series is its gameplay
Yeah, that would be funny, kinda like a karma system. I really want an rpg where all your actions have real consequences (kinda like what we were promised with Skyrim).
The bosses will have heart attacks
What exactly are you doing in this game's subreddit then? And also, you should keep playing. You won't understand anything before a few hours, but when you do, if you like the game, then you'll be hooked up.
Exactly, just run behind him and then you have all the time in the world to heal or to attack.
If you are on Xbox360 or PS3, then it's the exact same game as before, just bundled with the dlcs. If you're on pc, you probably bought the wrong version.
You need to be in the covenant, and to have the bell ring equipped. You don't have to be inside the bell area to get summoned, though it works better if you aren't that far from it. Just wait, and you'll get summoned. The bell covenant in the Bastille has plenty of people at low sm, and the Iron Keep has more people at higher sm.
Mmmhhh yeah I kinda get it now. Welp, guess we'll have to wait for everyone to get the fiber
A fun fact: if you turn your camera and look behind you when you pick up the King's ring in the Crypt, you see her pop up just above the stairs.
I love how your other you was here just to drink
Well, in PvE you have the Red Iron winblade which is among the most op weapons in the game. Other than that, the other winblades aren't that good in Pve, as I believe they have low durability, and not a lot of poisebreak.
The build seems okay to me
I'm gonna fight the Sinner again paying more attention to this, thanks!
Well, the Old Chaos arena looks identical to Lost Izalith, so she probably hasn't created it, but maybe she made an experiment that led to the awakening of the Old Chaos a second time.
I personally believe she has a certain knowledge of pyromancy, as her handcuffs are impregnated with pyro magic, and the pyromancers that spawns in NG+. Also, she knows how to fight, so she can't be a random woman (unless the bug gives her super abilities). I know that Shalquoi talks about the First Flame, but it seems a bit weird to me, as it's supposedly the Graal of the Souls games (you never really see it). Also as you said, because of the bug I believe she has a connection to the Chaos. Obviously though we lack proof to anwser all these questions.
Kind of, I meant to say that she is located at the bottom of the bastille, after a small bridge and with no other cell around.
Nope, was just saying this from memory, so I'm probably wrong
Two handing a staff just means casting takes more stamina, it doesn't deal more dmg
I'm not sure, Shalquoir speaks about the Sinner with a she, but some people say the sinner has a beard and is a man, and that is actually talking about the bug
Most people are around 150 to 250, and most people who play arena are 150 as there is a sl priority now
Is there respect for ganksquads though? Nope.
Well, it's easy to just attune a warmth and it only takes a few attunement points, but I agree. Also, I still don't get why From doesn't try to balance the few last things that you can call overpowered in this game, like are they only watching stats and not at all listening to their playerbase, or is it just that the japanese players don't really care about balance...
Immersive first person does the same thing well too, I wonder if the two mods are different
There is the Simpleton's ring that makes you invisible when rolling and increases your agility which means more I-frames. Also, you might want to try out the Majestic Greatsword, the Bone Fist, the Smelter Hammer, Fume UGS, Ivory Straightsword. They all are from the dlcs and have an original moveset (and the Ivory sword sucks but is a freaking lightsaber).
You charge an attack when your opponent has his back facing you, and then he'll be stunned and you'll be able to get a critical
Sarcastic dragonborn best dragonborn or he was just dumb
Sinh was a true dragon, not a drake. The Dragonriders are supposed to ride [some kind of lizards](http://i.imgur.com/C5qtfCZ.jpg), not true dragons. Yeah, most dragons died during the Age of the Ancients, in the war against Gwyn and the lords. All the smaller dragons we see are their descendants (drakes, the Gaping Dragon).
A lot of people think the game's soundtrack is a pale copy of the Dks1's soundtrack, but I think it's just because there are too many bosses to really remember their themes. I really like the soundtrack too, and I could listen to the Majula theme for hours.
It's kinda frustrating, I made a post about that a few weeks after the release of Sotfs. We have no lore about the trees though.
Mostly punishing hits instead of being aggressive sounds like being reactive to me, or maybe you meant a mix of the two
Well, for a lot of players it is effective. Playing locked on with ultra weapons or stuff like scythes will put you at a disadvantage.
The standard Greatsword mainly shines in PvE, cause even if it has a great dmg output, the moveset is one of the most predictable. Even with cancels and stuff it's really hard to use. Of course, if playing against inexperienced players, you can literally destroy them thanks to the dmg you deal.
Spinning around isn't always done on purpose, it's just hard to stay without moving the left stick when playing unlocked, so I often do it too even when I don't really want it. Also, I agree that some players focus too much on playing unlocked when they could be way more effective locked on.
Drakewing Ultra-greatsword, you can get it by trading the Soul of the Drake (Guardian Dragon) in Aldia's Keep to Ornifex. It's a dex UGS, and the R2 is super poweful though it drains a lot of durability.
The point is to have two diffrent movesets, like a heavy and a fast weapon, or one with range and the other for close combat. It also means you can get the two handed moveset of the weapon you want, which is really good.
Agility matters if you use rolls, it will add more invincibility frames to them.
Praise it
It doesn't work in the vanilla game though, only in the next gen Scholar (ps4/xboxone/pc dx11).
Even with small weapons it's cool, and if you have the powerstance it's a lot of fun using the three movesets (I used the ashen warrior straightsword powerstanced with the puzzling sword, it's a really cool combo).
I prefer playing unlocked when I use one, I feel like I've got a total control of it. You're also faster, it's easier to use cancels on running attacks, and to aim rolling attacks.
You can target them if you have the Eye and are playing on new gen (Ps4-XbOne-PC Dx11). You can try using the binoculars to aim, I think it works, don't know if it's useful there.
except you forgot the pic :P
Don't mind me, I just don't like using any meta weapon as they don't feel rewarding to me, but I think I just want to prove myself I'm skilled when I'm not.
If they feel like they play better like that, let em do it and just prove that they are wrong by beating them. I seriously don't get that, playing unlocked is a playstyle, it doesn't mean that you think you're better than everyone when doing it. It's not a matter of copying streamers or whatever, it's a matter of how you like to play. Also there are no professionals players on Dks :3 And it shouldn't "waste your time", or then it means the guy is just an asshole and the problem isn't that he plays unlocked but that he's being a reactive pussy.
Never finished it, but yeah the battle system is pretty damn good
Yes, they are elves, when Septimus needs Dwemer blood he asks you to bring him blood from all the other elves and orc (Orsimers).
The [Drangleic Soldier's armor](http://i.imgur.com/mrfahr8.png) is actually almost the same, Vendrick's blacksmith used [Leeroy](http://darksouls.wdfiles.com/local--files/armor/paladin-set-large.jpg) as his inspiration. The description of the Hollow Soldier shield says "The accoutrements of royal soldiers feature a depiction of a brave knight from an old parable".
He means that he's waiting for a dicount
There's a region called Bretagne in France, and the people living there are called Bretons. Also, Great-Britain is Grande-Bretagne in french.
The Scholar of the First Sin bossfight, if you kill Nashandra before Vendrick.
Bloodborne not bourne goddamnit
you can't
You don't have to use a shield if you don't want to. You just need to know that vitality affects your rolls length and stamina regen by increasibg your equip load, and that adaptability will add invincibility frames to your rolls, with 30 being the amount people usually get. Without some adp, you will roll and still get hit during the animation.
The Covenant of Champions if you want an extra challenge.
It seems like having a fully upgraded heavy hitting weapon when fighting him in NG makes it really easy, with a +5 BKGS I was able to kill the Sanctuary Guardian in one try, Artorias in two and Manus in three or four.
Please post these to the dks sub haha
To quote the design interview: "Tanimura: The idea is that the lake of magma is actually on the upper strata, like a caldera lake on a plateau. However, looking down from the top it was far too wide, that and the fact that there isn’t an adequate transition between locations meant we didn’t really communicate the idea as well as we could have."
Sounds hilarious
Dks is the most used one I think
Seriously? I need to check that
They said that the Mont Saint-Michel was their inspiration for New Londo in the design interview. They also got inspiration from a castle near the river Loire in France for Anor Londo's interiors.
Well, if you summon him that doesn't mean he manages to take on Gwyn on his own. My point was that his quest leads to his death in most of people's games, so I guess it should what happened. Also, using his character would probably be seen as bad fanservice. Of course we'll get a Sunbro covenant equivalent though.
I mean, this game is still PvE in its core, with multiplayer being just a feature. I think being able to change you character's stats is okay and useful, but if you can also change entirely its appearance then you're making character creation useless. I understand your points though.
Well, just play Dks2 with no adaptability, it's fucking stupid indeed.
I still hate Blighttown way more than the Depths haha
I think water scares me as well. I can go in there, but if I see solething big moving I'm noping the hell out.
Except summoning and looking up weapons/armor online is the same as easy mode for Souls games.
I think the challenge areas and bosses are meant to be complete bullshit
Just learn quickrolls and it will be way easier to dodge.
My fastest cheese was unintentional, he died off screen in one shot for whatever reason
About superparries, I didn't know but they actually have more frames than most others weapon parries
In Dks1, except for the covenants we had: - the messages, bloodstains, ghosts and bonfire ghosts - the added estus when someone rests at a bonfire at the same time (or kindles it idk) - the bell ringing sound - vagrants - items that can spawn in other people's worlds (illusorywall made a video about it) - petrification statues I think that's all I remember.
The arena is even worse
Oh yeah you're right.
He's just an easter egg really. Anyway, a crossbow and weird throwing knifes wouldn't be that great to gight beasts, and his gear seems like some weird assassin with expensive clothes.
Right now we just know that consoles versions will run at 30, there's a rumor that pc might be 30 fps locked as well, but I doubt it and there's still time before release. I think they realise pc is an important target for them. That said I don't think it will run in 144 fps or whatever you use.
to be honest the score doesn't really matter to me, but I know it's what a lot of people look at without asking themselves if they'll like the game
making the run from gran soren to cassardis all the time gets old though
that won't trigger a softban unless you spawn impossible items.
What /u/HammeredWharf said is correct, you should read the wiki to learn about inclinations and the skill system. The AI isn't perfect anyway but it helps, and isn't really explained in-game I think.
Only way to get banned are impossible infusions (like poison binoculars) or upgrades (+14 items or boss weapons upgraded to more than +5). On the CE github there are links for CE and the tables for Scholar, the item swapper is easy to use.
They are essential parts of the gameplay that it's hard to figure out on your own, don't check the skills to avoid spoilers then, but I insist on pawn inclination :D
And it looks like it has Alva on the cover! To be honest I hope they use some of the less known characters that we just read about in some item descriptions and such, or tell the stories of some kingdoms between Dks and Dks2.
They wanted to put them in the main game, but they forgot! ... :D
If your moose is dead you have a chance
They are empty armors created by the Old Iron King in Brume Tower. I guess that either Vendrick took control of them after the death of the Iron King, or that the OIK actually gave some of them to Vendrick as a gift (this is my own theory, I believe there was a time when both were alive, which explains why there are still all these horrors in the Copse, and why there is a whole section of Drangleic Castle with enemies from the Old Iron King's kingdom).
Kirk in Dks was inspired by Jojo, so that wouldn't be surprising (also Tarkus).
Hasn't been adapted in anime yet, some kind of a trial with rings I think, it's on the Jojo wiki
