I've started re-reading it, been a while so I decided to give it another go. Lots of things I notice and appreciate more now that I did when I was younger. Phenomenal series.
Yeah, but...I see what you did there.
We know how easily it is to replicate something so replicating non-functioning pieces of a ship and throwing them together for an exhibit probably wouldn't be too difficult. (Even been to a presidential museum in the US? They all have replicas of the Oval Office, Air Force One, etc). Alternatively, they could be other ships of the same class that didn't have the distinction Enterprise did. They just slapped the Enterprise name on them for the exhibit.
Not a bar, exactly. But I think this place shows Chicago sports team games. http://www.tastechicago.biz/ It's owned by Chicago native and actor Joe Mantegna.
I may be in the minority but I didn't like any of the movies you mentioned. In fact, I haven't liked anything he's done since Reindeer Games and let's be honest, that wasn't a good movie, I just thought it was kind of dumb fun. I'm just saying I've seen nothing at all that convinces me. I'll wait for the movie but I'm skeptical. That's all I'm saying.
I know. But like I say, this is prrtty much my only indulgence. I rarely go to the movies, I don't buy antiques or have any expensive hobbies, i don't go to concerts or I work and eat. So i don't feel like I'm too much in the wrong by enjoying my one meal a day. I'm not broke or desperate by any means, I'm just frugal. But my girlfriend is about to be downsized and $5K or so would be a nice cushion to have while she's out of work.
I rarely look anyone in the eye but its not a lack of self respect. It's a habit I formed back when I worked retail. You get so many people blathering about shit don't matter you had to find a way to difuse the situation. I look at the chest, or neck, or turn my head slightly away as if turning my ear toward their voice. It gives an illusion I'm still paying full attention but If you don't make eye contact they either lose interest and cease their inconsequential babbling or they narrow their focus to the relevant information.
Y'know, pretty sure OP was joking. Much like me. Fuck's sake, dude.
Advantage was far and away the best for me. When I was a kid i hated the original controller. (Do you count the Game Genie as an accessory? Cause I loved that thing.) Worst? Power Pad. Never did a more useless shitpiece exist in this world.
"Sir, do you know what a Cleveland Steamer is?"
I myself never had any unfortunate nicknames but I nicknamed a guy Meatplow. I don't know why.
I guess it's not specific to our era but I think childbirth will eventually go away. As science becomes more advanced I think "test tube" babies gestated in labs will become the norm. It will remove the effects of childbirth on the body as well as the time and complications involved with pregnancy. Women won't have to take time off work any longer, for example.
If i had to guess, sounds like it might be this: http://m.imdb.com/title/tt0115208/ Mobile link, sorry. Hotline, 1994, starring shannon tweed
My cat has FeLV, too. While he's ok now knowing what will be the eventual outcone terrifies me. I cherish every moment I have with him. Do the same with Doodle. She seems like a sweet little thing. I hope she does well for a long time to come.
That's true. That's why the NES sitting in my closet is just sitting there today. That aside, the stuff it could do for games was pretty damn cool.
It was Holland's At Law.
I think we all knew that well before seeing the picture.
When I moved recently I had to keep the entirety of my house and most of my worldly belongings in storage for a month. I used 1800-PACK-RAT. Not too expensive, they drop the storage pod off at your place, you load it up, they come back and take it away to their facility and there it stays til you tell them to drop it off at your new place.
You know, a fella can google the shit out damn near anything. But there's nothing really wrong with asking folks for personal experiences. Next time you ask anybody here or even your friends or anyone anywhere for anything, pause for a moment and imagine them insulting you and saying "google it, loser." The man asked a fair, legitimate, reasonable question. Nothing wrong with that.
I honestly cannot imagine the show without Wes.
I'm allergic to citrus. I'll take apple-trek.
Three tricks will get you out of this: 1) Keep your cell phone to your ear and just start talking. You're distracted, they likely won't stop you. 2) Learn to say "I don't speak english" in an obscure language. French, though not obscure, tends to work well. Polish, russian, some slavic language works even better. 3) Learn "Sorry, I don't understand" in sign language. They will leave you alone in a flash. It's like they're afraid deafness is contagious. I always use one of the above tricks, I haven't had to deal with these people in years.
Perhaps I misread it and if so I apologize, but your response to OP seemed a bit condescending. *Am I the only one that knows how to use google anymore?* That seems to be the standard snarky response on reddit to anyone who asks a question that might not be too deep: *Let me google that for you...* Yeah, anyone can google, everyone knows how, I just assume when someone asks on something like this then they're looking for more than just the black and white, more than just some facts, they want some experiences, some real world information. So just saying "google it" doesn't really help and seems like sort of a pissy response. That's how I see it, maybe it's just me.
Yeah, screw that noise. I got a guy just started at my work and decided to start watching it after he heard myself and someone else discussing the show. It's never too late.
Inauguration? He won a political race, too? Busy sumbitch, that Franco.
http://www.reddit.com/r/Assistance
Someone's stolen a couple shirts.
Obama's coming to town two weeks from today, could be practice runs for Marine One.
There's two clean bowls of water and a fountain style water bowl with a filter, he's not hurting for water. He does this weird stuff sometimes. I'll find him drinking from the toilet if I leave the lid up. My other cat doesn't do this, it's just him being him.
Yeah, i use a fountain style water bowl with flowing water, he likes thst. And I put ice in it sometimes. Seems to fascinate him.
I don't have plants for exactly this reason. It's usually not a problem, he just decided to have a sip this time.
That seems to be his thinking. I usually use a sports bottle type but this one time...
&gt; right next to Forest Lawn I understand your neighbors are very quiet.
That's not true. You can work at BofA and visit the Reagan Library and...and...and leave.
I was in Virginia so it was Southern Baptist which happens to be even more ridiculous than the normal baptist. I misspoke earlier, I did actually go to a church once about ten years ago. Just to see what it was like. It was supposedly very layback non-denominational christian. The pastor, somewhat well known fellow, begins his sermon by saying "The Jews...theirs is a history of killing..." He didn't mean them getting killed, like the slavery in Egypt or the Holocaust, he meant all that killing they did. Like that time they killed Jesus. I got up and walked out. Never went back again. But I'm not anti-religion or atheist or even agnostic. Rather, I've developed a very personal spiritual belief system that's somewhere between judeo-christian generality, gnosticism and Buddhism.
Yeah, that sounds about right. We didn't have many catholics where I was from but I do remember some very strong anti-catholic sentiments whenever it would come up.
Sounds like he's overdue for his TJ surgery and a career ending stint in the bullpen.
Should've been a NEWSTIME magazine.
I've met baptists, catholics, jews and many other religious people who were wonderful, kind people. I've met atheists and agnostics were total dicks. And vice versa. There's different types of all people. Sometimes you get the good ones, sometimes you get bad. You've been lucky. I can't say the same.
Not a movie but I hope it counts: Anybody seen the pilot episode of Black Mirror "National Anthem"? If you have, then you know. If not...well.
I can honestly watch any other episode of the series over again even though I need a mental break after, like an episode of Friends or something so benign that you chuckle at a lame one-liner, some mental bleach I guess. But I cannot watch National Anthem again.
&gt;how much he hated being in Britain due to the politicians...our NHS If he has issues with shitty politicians and a shittier health care system, the US is *really* not going to make him any happier.
I'd accept that but the last scene of the series was Bob's reflection in Coop's mirror. If your theory was right we'd have seen Leland. Maybe they could re-edit the scene and put Leland's face in the mirror.
It's entirely possible we already have.
Lived across the street from a family who would have crazy parties one weekend. The following weekend they'd have a weird religious cult meet in the frontyard where they watched videos and sang weird songs. They were hoarders so the yard was always full of junk. Often there'd be one or more cars one of them would be junking or rebuilding. Sometimes he'd have a couple cars he was repairing for other people. They had a pit bull that tried to eat everything that walked by. It killed their other dog once. The eldest member of the family used to park his van in front of my house while he sat inside the cab and drank some modello and smoked cigars. Most annoying of all the entire family would park their cars in front of my house. There was plenty of parking in front of their own house and they had ample driveway space. But they constantly parked i front of my house. For no good goddamn reason whatsoever.
Transformer.
Ex, huh? So...she's single?
[Longplayer.](http://www.answers.com/Q/What_is_the_longest_song_ever_recorded)
Move to Sun Valley! ........said no one, ever.
On The Road, Kerouac
These are straight up fucking amazing.
Got to start somewhere. New York was swampland once. But now all of Afghanistan pretty much looks like this again.
Hannibal Lector
We were in a restaurant having a nice meal. Somehow it ended in a yelling match about why I didn't like Huckleberry Finn.
I test drove a Prius.
The Way I Mate by the Rednex
Rage Against The Machine on a Lexus
And then they caused a pileup on the 405
That's not even the point. From the truck to OP's porch motherfucker ought to at least pretend like it's a piece of mail for the customer not a turd somebody lit on fire and tossed at him and he can't get rid of it fast enough. Think about it this way. If you go into a store and want an item. They don't keep it on the shelf, clerk has to go in back to get it. No doubt that thing's been bounced all over creation and dropped and shaken and everything else before it ended up in their stockroom. But the clerk is going to come bringing it to you in his or her hands like it's precious to you both and you expect that. If the clerk comes out with it dragging on the ground and then tosses it at you with a hearty "fuck you very much for your patronage" then the fit gonna hit the shan, am I right? Why should you expect a postal worker delivering your mail to be any less courteous and respectful of your mail?
Yep, this 'un.
Took four months to get that listing. Friend of a friend. You'll hear the term "Circle of Influence" a lot, it's just fancyspeak for "folk you know." Evenings you can likely show houses for established agents. Lot of people want to go by places after work. Work it on your own, too. Check your local MLS and review expired listings, for sale by owners, make notes of who to call the next day or who to send mailers to, things like that.
Relevant username.
&gt; Can you ask your gf if she has any specific advice for female drivers? I'd love tips on what possible issues there are and the best way to navigate those. Take the 6 AM to noon shift, mostly. Lots of people to and from work, lunch breaks, etc. It's busier and you'll make more money at night, 6 PM to 2 or 3 AM, but the bullshit is worse. Lots of drunk men. Everyone has to pre-register with Uber of course, they have credit cards on file, it's not as if you're picking up a complete unknown, but drunk guys are going to be drunk guys. Never anything more than uncouth comments and suggestions. Still not worth dealing with it. Also, she does keep pepper spray in more than one place in the car where it's easily accessible. Never been any problems but better to have it and not need it than need it and not have it, right?
bing? That's still a thing? Seriously, though, similarly I told a friend about it, someone who would never normally consider watching anything with "zombie" anywhere near it, but I just got her to watch it using the "it's Veronica Mars-ish" pitch and she's hooked. Really well done little show, this one.
You don't say a bad word about Charlotte. Don't you dare. We gonna have words, you and me.
Nope. Not at all. Batman hassles Superman for about fifteen minutes, cut to the alley, "Do you bleed?" Superman hits him with a blast of heat vision, that's enough of that shit. Rest of the film is a Superman movie not a Batman circlejerk.
Ah, that makes more sense. Carry on.
uuuhhh....well, I don't really know what the other responses here are, especially that one...whatever it is. I don't read the ongoing but what I understand is this: Superman has a new power, a solar burst of radiation, big blast of raw power. When he uses it, he becomes powerless for about 24 hours or so. Lois figured out Clark is Superman and outed him to the media. Fit proceeds to hit the shan. That's all I got.
Girl I worked with got fucked up at her birthday party and on a dare proceeded to blow every guy there. 15 of them, sitting in a room, cocks out and waiting for her while she gobbled her way from one to the next.
Diphthong.
Well, she never had another birthday party. Never even had another birthday. Moved to Vegas, turned tricks for a bit then od'd.
At least she didn't ask for tree-fiddy.
Not yet.
There were no swordfights, just one after the other and she drank some vodka between each dick.
About an hour. There was some concern she wouldn't finish after dick #9, she passed out midway through that one, just out cold, cock in mouth. They jostled her awake after a minute or two and she powered through, trooper that she was.
What's that? Not sure I can make out what you're saying, it's hard to hear you from so high up on that horse. Would it matter if I said that I actually loved this girl? That she was my girlfriend when this happened? (I was out of town that week and wasn't at the party. Not like I stood by and watched or participated.) That I actually tried to get her clean several times? Some things can't be helped. Some people, too.
Like I told someone else, she sipped some vodka between each dick. Sort of cleaned it out.
They were seated in a circle but yeah, one right after the next. edit: I just got it.
The only thing you've made me think about is how and why the internet still has White Knights floating around. Get back over to /r/gonewild and try to save some of those "lost souls" maybe you'll get lucky, who knows. Whatever else, do everyone a favor and get over yourself.
To a certain extent that's true but as I told someone else, nothing in her life happened she didn't want to happen.
Most were all the way. Everybody finished but some had a helping hand of their own. She took care of it, though.
If she had given mindwarping bj's maybe I could understand but she wasn't particularly good at them. She was enthusiastic when she was sober (which was rare) and just sloppy when she was messed up.
Maybe "El" means "hope" in Kryptonian.
In a row?
"It was more fun in hell." "I have died a thousand tiny deaths and every time I died I thought of you." Linsner's art is some of the greatest I've ever seen. I was able to get my hands on a quartet of signed Dawn prints at one point. Absolutely beautiful stuff.
[You'd think that, but...](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crazy_Quilt)
No.
Dude, that was a daily occurrance and it was the least disgusting/weird thing that happened in our bathrooms. If you're curious, I wrote a book about my years working at B&amp;N. I can pm you the link if you're interested, I won't post it here lest I be accused of spamming.
Quit complaining. Few months from now when it's dark at 5 PM we're going to be longing for these days.
There were plenty of people who did it literally, so our guy is cool in my book.
Just in general, book of life kind of deal.
Me, too. She looks like she could be pretty hot.
I believe it's a habit people develop here after having to consistently swerve to avoid the idiots who just walk off the curb into the streets.
I live in L.A. and actually got to see if fly over my house during this run. It was a hell of a thing. I've been to the Science Center to visit it on display. Amazing.
It's possible that a "year" in Federation time isn't a "year" to us. Ours is 364 days but as someone else pointed out a Vulcan year is probably closer to 230 days. (Memory Alpha gives Vulcan as having a year 456 earth days long, however.) I have no idea what an Andorian year or a Tellar year would be. Supposing the theory is correct about a year being similar for all planets with advanced life inhabiting the "Goldilocks" zone is correct, then we assume Andorians and Tellarites had a year that spanned 200 to 400 days. So, just like they created a new method of datekeeping with Stardates it's entirely possible they created an entirely new calendar that somehow averaged the year of all four founding worlds of the Federation to create a new "star-year." (This is my wording, TNG 3.2 "The Ensigns of Command" refers to a "Standard UFP Solar year" which might be what they're using.)
I got one: "you're"
As an overweight dude, it's kind of annoying.
Actually, I believe this shit right out of this. I lived in Burbank for a while and one night, 2 or 3 AM, I head to the all night grocery and pass a parking garage. Inside the garage I saw it plain as day, it was well lit in there, big ass fucking cat. Exactly like the one you describe. Freaked me right the fuck out.
Every version of Windows.
Stoya
America, man. Guilty until proven innocent.
So when you have sex I assume you enjoy getting bj's and having vaginal intercourse? Porn is fantasy. It's entertainment. Think of it this way--you drive to work everyday. When you watch a movie, do you want to see a guy drive to work, sit at red lights and wait in traffic? No, you want to see car chases, cars flipping and drifting and jumping. Movies (porn included) are fantasy entertainment. You watch them for the exciting stuff. Simple as that. Go forth and fap In peace. You're cool.
You'll get there, don't worry.
&gt;I can imagine this sort of mentality in the deep south South, south, there's only racist people in the south...fuck this shit. I'm sorry, I take offense to this as a Southerner by birth. You know what the difference between racist southerners and racist folk everywhere else? Southerners are just more opinionated and thus more open about it. That goes for blacks and whites. Here's what you'll be surprised to learn: There's racists and bigots everywhere. There's just as many tolerant people everywhere, too. There's plenty of white people that hate black people. There's plenty blacks that hate whites. Asians hate blacks, blacks hate asians, they all hate whites, whites hate all them, so on and so on. You will not find an ethnicity or religion in this world that doesn't have a percentage of its populace that doesn't hate some other ethnicity or religion no matter where any of them live. L.A., New York, Alabama, Paris, London, Brazil, Sydney or the fucking North Pole. That's just the way it is. I don't know if it will ever change. Not in our lifetimes. Only thing I see happening is it may swing one way or the other--people will either become more vocal about their distrust/dislike/hate for others or they'll become even quieter about it and just save their opinions until they know they are in like company...or until they go online. Welcome to the real world, friend.
I'd give up a Klondike bar.
So did Folty but look what happened.
I think it's a joke. 'Cause she appears to be taking a leak. So..."leaked."
Yeah, tooth went bad on him. He's doing very well, much to my relief.
I looked into insurance but some wouldn't cover him because of his condition (FeLV) or the ones that would were so outlandishly expensive it was just easier to pay as needed when something came up. But I agree it's absolutely a worthwhile investment for most.
I don't have insurnace. They would under normal circumstances but my boy has FeLV so the insurnace either wouldn't cover him or it would be extremely costly, in the long ruin it was easier to just pay as issues came up like this.
God...I hope that asshole got some kind of punishment for that. Either through the law or you just kicking his ass. And that's such a stupid thing to say,"Why didn't you just let her die?" Like you said, if it were your child they wouldn't question any expense you went to in order to save their life. This cat is my family. No expense I wouldn't spare.
I'm doing great, we all are. Thank you.
He had a rough start in life. Born into an animal hoarder situation. They kept him locked in a small cage in a bathroom for days at a time. He got out and escaped into my yard. I didn't know he was sick when I took him in. Even if I'd known it wouldn't have stopped me.
He's ok. Just a tooth. He's feeling better already.
Nope, L.A.
:)
Very true Thank you. :)
I hope he pulls through.
Exactly. One more crappy year. We can handle it.
He's the treasure.
Thing is, you know they'd do the same for you. Maybe more.
He's pretty much ok. Keep him indoors, feed him healthy food, I give mine lysine in his food, supposed to help keep him healthy. Supposedly the average for one that contracts it as a kitten is about 7 years but....we'll see. Really, I haven't noticed anything that would separate him from any other cat. Just have to be careful and keep an eye on him in case he does start to seem unwell. Good luck with your little one.
I'm so sorry. :(
I'm so sorry to hear that. Same thing, though. My boy escaped a hoarder situation as a young cat. I didn't pay a dime for him. Lots of vet bills though and lots more to come, I'm sure but it's worth every penny. Your girl was very cute. I'm so sorry.
Nick Cage. That shit don't need an explanation.
Nick Cage. He's been stuck in shit movie, joke status for a long time but he's actually a great actor when he tries. If he were to show up in some indie flick or a Tarantino movie I could see it happening.
Right now he's damaged goods. Box office poison. He wasted his fortune and went broke, he was so in debt he had to do any and every movie he could to make a buck and a lot of those were rushing rivers of pure liquid shit. In Hollywood you're only as hot as your last picture and the only heat off his movies has been the steam off the turds. Consequently no one is willing to give him a chance on a big production because he's associated with the funk of flops. All it takes is one good movie, though. Someone needs to come along and do for him what Tarantino did for Travolta with Pulp Fiction.
We are this week.
Maybe but I think that was the alternate ending on the dvd. The version I remember after the fight he visits Adrian's grave, says something like "We did it" walks away and fades away.
Andrew Garfield is good looking? Edit: ok, like, three people and Emma Stone...my bad.
Silence followed by one's footfalls as they flee.
I've been without my front plate for nearly a year since some jackass hit me and tore it off. It's sitting in the back if they need it. But I drove another car for about two years didn't have a front plate at all. Bought it used and never noticed it wasn't there. I got pulled over all the time, four time in an hour once (it was the car) and no one ever said diddly about the plate. A lot of those stops were in Burbank, too and cops there don't play around. If they can find a reason to ticket you, they will. But they never did. Half the cars in L.A. go around with no plates all all. If you leave the plate off, sit it in the trunk or backseat floorboard, in the off chance anyone mentions it you can show you have it. But my bet is no one will ever say a word. In fact, I'd say you're probably more likely to draw attention to it with it sitting in the window.
This was a horrible, ridiculous, offensive piece of shit.
It was offensive to Southerners to think that they would have forced slavery into the 21st century, it was offensive to blacks to think they would have let themselves be forced into slavery in the 21st century...it was a completely ignorant, bigoted, narrowminded piece of trash.
There's a message to this story so go with it. Several many years ago I was driving with the girl I was dating at the time. We're stopped at a red light. There's an accident. One guy gets out of his car and starts kicking the shit out of the other car, reaching in the window and going after the other driver. My light turns green. I go, I'm leaving. I'm not hanging around for this shit. Girl says, "Didn't you see that!?" I said, "No. And neither did you." There's the best advice you will ever hear about witnessing and/or reporting a crime. Edit: downvotes. OK, y'all want OP to get himself killed, I guess. Good luck, man.
New to L.A., huh? I'm not going to be a dick and downvote you like everyone else but yeah, you're just hearing fireworks. Lots of dumb fucks in L.A. like to see if they can lose a limb or set their neighborhoods alight around this time of year. If it only started in the last week consider yourself lucky. Some neighborhoods start in June or late May and go until August or September. Next Saturday, the 4th, expect it to start around 2 PM and go til around 3 AM. Maybe later. Don't bother calling the cops. Most pointless call you will ever make in your life. Welcome to L.A. Bet you had no idea July 4th was a Mexican holiday, huh?
Jefferson Davis acknowledged, regardless of the outcome of the war, slavery was a dying institution. &gt; The premise of the movie is that Confederacy wins the war then brings slavery to the North in the 19th century. If it were the case that the CSA "won" the war, they wouldn't have forced anything on the US. They would have remained a sovereign nation which is all they were fighting for. They weren't trying to take over the entire US. Which is rather how the movie portrays their intent. That's just bad, stupid history. &gt;it goes without saying that the entire society was built on the idea that blacks were inferior to whites. That wasn't just the South, my friend. That was the entire USA. Blacks were inferior, native americans were inferior, mexicans were inferior, anybody not a healthy shade of english pale (that doesn't count the Irish or Itallians, either) were inferior to whites. &gt;what a nightmare life in the South was for black people in the century following Reconstruction News flash--life was hell for a *lot* of people in the South. You forgetting that most of them were seen as treasonous traitors and had their property and land burned or taken from them? Here's some other news for you: Did you know the black soldiers that fought for the CSA got equal pay to the white soldiers? The Union army’s black soldiers were paid less than the white soldiers. A black soldier in the Union army got $10 a month with a $3 clothing fee taken out, leaving the soldier with $7 a month. White soldiers were paid $13 a month and were not forced to pay a clothing allowance, which is almost twice as much as the black soldiers. By contrast the Confederate army paid their privates of both races $11 per month. Some Confederate States began to abolish slavery in 1864. Robert E. Lee and Joseph E. Johnston were not slave holders and did not believe in slavery. According to an 1860 census, only 31% of families owned slaves. 75% of families that owned slaves owned less than 10 and often worked beside them in the fields. The Constitution of the CSA banned slave trade, and permitted Confederate states to abolish slavery within their borders if they wanted to do so. Slavery wasn’t abolished until 1868, 3 years after the war. Northern states like Maryland and Delaware (which didn't ratify the 13th ammendment until 1901) still had slaves. &gt;I'm just going to go out on a limb and guess you're from the South? Matter of fact. Look, I said this somewhere else very recently and I'll say it again. I had ancestors who fought and died in that war. They fought for the CSA. They didn't own slaves. They didn't fight so a few rich people could keep slaves. They fought to defend their homes. Was the government of the CSA racist and bigoted? Yeah. So was the government of the USA then and now. Let's not pretend otherwise.
I'm just glad my facebook feed is filled with rainbow flags instead of rebel flags.
Let me put it this way. When I lived in Burbank the last few years I was just close enough to the Sun Valley border that I was under LAPD territory. I paid Burbank taxes and Burbank DWP rates and a Burbank zip code but somehow I was in L.A. Either way, Burbank or Sun Val, I'm pretty sure the fireworks they were setting off over my house that exploded so hard and loud it cracked my windows were neither safe nor sane, were almost certainly illegal and were beyond question stupid as all fuck. My animals don't need to be shaking in terror, my windows didn't need to be busted. That shit ain't right. Leave that firework shit to the professionals in the appropriate places out of respect for your neighbors, your own home snd your sense of self-preservation. That's all I'm saying.
I loved this damn game. My buddy and I played this endlessly. It was a little silly but just fun.
Feb 5 2011. I moved into a house that I bought which immediately began falling apart around me next to the worst neighbors I've ever known and my mother died.
http://www.biffy.com/ Your starfish will thank you.
Erections. Constant, unwarranted erections. When I was about 13, I just got erections everyday, all day. I wasn't aroused by anything specifically, I just found myself sporting wood all the damn time for no good goddamn reason. I had to wear baggy jeans not because it was in fashion but to hide my goddamn boners. Got so bad I had to wear a cup.
"Give WilliamMcCarty money...you don't need anything in return."
Somebody has 'shop this and zombify her in this picture.
No, dude, they were together for years, they started dating during their first Spider-Man. Just broke up few months back, though.
I guess we should just be relieved it's not for tommy john surgery.
Without a warrant police generally cannot enter a private residence. However, without a warrant, police can enter any residence if they have "probable cause." If they can see something through a window that's dangerous, criminal or life threatening, then they may enter. If they cannot see anything but have justifiable reasons to believe the safety of the resident is in question then they may enter with "probable cause."
We split because I couldn't handle her addictions anymore. She was addicted to alcohol, pills, cocaine. Beneath all her troubles she was a sweet and loving person. And in her moments of sobriety she understood how much she meant to me and treated me with a love, gratitude and tenderness I'd never known. But the bad was too often and too great. I hoped she would get straight. But it never happened. She got away. From me. From everyone. From everything. RIP Gwen.
Living in L.A. I've bumped into many over the years. I literally bumped into Sharon Stone coming out of a clothing store once. She wasn't looking at me, she was literally looking past me, my plebe ass just didn't register on her radar and she ran into me. Scowled and kept going. I once accidentally sex-talked a child star from the 60's. I was working retail and she came in and I recognized her and we made small talk while I was cashing her out. I normally worked the night shift but I was covering a day shift for someone. I guess I looked pretty beat. She made the comment that I looked tired. I replied I was but "it's almost over. It feels good to get off." I realized what I said right away and before I could apologize she grinned and said, "It usually does." I've met lots of celebs who were really cool and some who were dicks but my best was Anna Nicole Smith. It was late one night many years ago, before she got fucked up, before she married the old guy. She was already famous by then but she I was working at a mall and it was late on a weeknight so the place was nearly deserted. But there she was. It was impossible to miss her. She was absolutely stunning, this tall platinum blonde entity that walked in. She was with her son who was just a little kid then. I just hi to her and we started talking. Talked for like a half hour. Just about her son and what she was shopping for. She was really nice, really sweet, very friendly. Just a really, really decent lady. Seeing what happened to her later was absolutely tragic.
I always liked it, but I think it was more a matter of it just always having been there. Like the red undies. Now that it's gone I don't miss it.
I didn't drive until I was 24. People don't seem to understand how dangerous and frightening driving really is. Several thousand pounds of steel and electronics and explosive liquid flying down streets at 50, 60, 70 miles per hour. It's dangerous, for sure. But it's one of those risks you take in life and you learn to live with it. Just don't ever get complacement or lazy about it. That's how people get into accidents. Best advice I ever got was my mother told me, "Assume everyone else on the road is an idiot who can kill you." You'll be a smart, capable, defensive driver. And that's good. Just so you know now, I'm almost 40 and part of my job is now driving everywhere. I'm a realtor and drive all over town showing houses, carrying people to and from. You get used to it. Congrats and good luck.
Well...I don't know about anyone else, but I care about Katy Perry.
So they have reddit in the afterlife, it seems.
I don't know if it's a bad idea to move her, I just grab a towel or newspaper or something and stick it in the splash zone.
Dude.
Came here to say this. I know it went over like a fart in church but I thought it was a really good little movie. Jim Carrey at his best, I think. Even in his "serious" roles I feel like he overacts and hams it up a bit much. Not so here. I really felt like this was his best performance.
Smallville, KS -- if you look at a map of Kansas, find the city of Dorrance. This is the approximate location of the city of Smallville.
I will not watch this but it always amazes me when I see babies puke. They do so with such casual ease. Like it ain't no thing. As an adult, when I yack, it's all contorting and shakes and sweating and various types of pain...Everybody says "I slept like a baby." Nah. I sleep fine. I wish I could puke like a baby.
Am I wrong in thinking the audio quality of VEVO is crap compared to a lot of other uploads?
[Seriously.](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0258038/)
Just the valley? That's some of the best food anywhere. Ever.
[Actual Miles: Greatest Hits](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Actual_Miles:_Henley's_Greatest_Hits) You might be thinking of the song Garden of Allah. The video was a very dark toned "mini-movie" featuring Kirk Douglas as the devil.
He does a cover of Leonard Cohen's "Everybody Knows" on that album. His version is pretty weak but you could have Cohen's version in mind, too.
He was almost done with Shrek. That probably wouldn't have been as well regarded had he lived. Be would have done a number of B grade slapstick direct to dvd comedies. Maybe a pilot or two that never took off. Then they would have somehow made him into Jeff Daniel's long lost brother in a Dumb &amp; Dumber spinoff.
They light them off at the Starlight Bowl every year. You can go up there or you can pretty much see them from anywhere in Burbank. Turn the other way and you'll see some at Universal.
That dude may have left it to the nuns but that doesn't matter. Nuns are agents of the church and their propety is the church's property. They may mistakenly believe it's theirs to sell or not sell, but the fact is that the church is the owner and only they can sell the property. If she has the money and the means to purchase it and the church is prepared to sell to her there's no legal recourse to keep that transaction from proceeding.
Let's imagine Hitler and Eva Braun had a son and their son was a good kid fighting for the allies. As the soviet army was advancing on Berlin his son was about to be murdered by Goebbels. But Adolf kills Goebbels, saves his son and is captured by the allies. At Nuremberg the evidence of all his atrocities and crimes is presented. Invasions, murders, torture, camps, all of it. And his defense attorney stands up and offers one piece of defense: "People....he *saved* his own son!" I'll point out that Yoda and Obi Wan both knew Anakin was dangerous, they knew better but they still put Anakin in a position where he could become a grave danger to everyone, did little or nothing to stop it and then lied about it later. They are almost as much to blame as Anakin/Vader was. In the end the result was the cost of untold billions of lives and an intergalactic war. It is my hope that whatever blue ghostworld the three were inhabiting by the end of ROTJ was a very special Jedi hell.
But the point is Mace, Yoda, and the rest of the Jedi council could have said no. They could have stopped it. Saying he could have been a great Jedi when all the evidence points toward him being a greater risk is like if Himmler got up at Nuremberg and said "we knew he didn't like Jews but hey, Hitler started off a great leader, he just got carried away...what were we gonna do?"
I get redemption but for what is Vader redeemed? He saved his son. That was it. He didn't order the assault on the rebels on Endor to stop. He didn't try and save his daughter, her boyfriend, any of their friends, the innocent Ewoks, never expressed any remorse or regret for the billions of lives he snuffed out over the years. He just saved his son. I saw nothing that would indicate to me that he ever deserved redemotion for who he had become. You can make the agument that Anakin and Vader are two mostly different people but it's not true. The pod racing child Anakin is ok maybe though cheating at the pod races shows he has a deceptive and untrustylworthy nature but by the time we see him in Episode 2 it's becoming clear he's not to be trusted. He disobeys the rules, he's selfish, risky and dangerous. He's already showing that he's a bad seed and regardless who raises him at this point he's probably going to be no good. So saying that Palpatine is to blame for manipulating him isn't true, either. Still, I'd say up to a certain point, big a screwup as he was he wasn't beyond redemption. No, his point of no return was when he slaughtered a roomfull of children. You could aruge the sandpeople too, I suppose but some may consider that an act of justice, it's depatable. But the kids, no. No one forced him to do that. He was a grown ass man with kids of his own about to be born. It's evident he still has the capacity to be "Anakin" and care about them since the first thing he does when he wakes up as Vader in the bodysuit is ask about Padme. That's Anakin and Vader, same guy, same time, same body. He knows who he is and what he's doing all along. He just believes he's right. Hell, I think the end of ROTJ wasn't about redemption at all. The whole time Vader talks to Luke it's about ruling the galaxy together. He didn't kill Palpatine because he grew a heart like some space Grinch. No, it was more likely he killed him to take his place and finally convince Luke to be his apprentice. It just so happened to be too little too late. There's no redemption there. There's literally no indication whatsoever he felt guilt or remorse for anything he's done. Saving Luke was not an indication of that. It was a self-serving act just like everything he'd ever done. There is no indication of anything that would constitute redemption for Vader/Anakin.
&gt;no one is lost forver if they truly repent for the things they have done. But he doesn't repent, that's the thing. He never says he's sorry, never expresses remorse, regret or guilt. All he did was save his son and as I pointed out that was for his own benefit. Redemption comes with repentance and that never happens. My contention is after the end of ROTJ Anakin's forceghost founnd its way to whatever passes for Hell in that universe, probably dragging Yoda and Obi Wan along for the eternal ride.
Red Tornado!
The point is that Vader is as OP said, *literally* worse than Hitler and because he saved his son from being murdered we immediately forgive him for genocide and countless other atrocities. We wouldn't have forgiven Hitler and there's no reason to forgive Vader, either.
You see a lot of odd things now. When Buffy was re-running in PIVOT I noticed lots of things off to the side of the screen, cameramen, set stuff. One of the funniest was the episode where the Trio (warren and his gang) were supposed to be invisible and Buffy's talking to them like they aren't there but there he is, standing just to the edge of the screen.
&gt; his final moments being spent rejecting those past evil deeds and adopting a mentality of doing good. But he didn't do that and there's zero evidence to suggest he did. He saved his son and that's all. I point out again that the whole time he speaks to Luke it's of ruling the galaxy together. If we accept the Sith Rule of Two that means he means to kill Palpatine anyway and in the end that's exactly what he did.
&gt; his soul was pure at that point. What evidence is there for that? Just because he was nice to his son? Hitler loved his dog. There's pictures of him laughing and having a good time. Just because you're congenial or kind in one moment doesn't make you a good person. There is literally no evidence to suggest he was remorseful or repentant for his life as Darth Vader. None.
Remember that Vader was beat up pretty badly by the time he tossed Palpatine over the side. He could have been deciding if he had the ability to do it, he could have been biding his time, he may not have had the strength to deflect the lightening. Who knows but the end result is the same: he did what he meant to do, kill his master. It wasn't even necessarily a matter of saving his son so much as it was killing his master and taking his place. That's what Siths do. Just how I see it. &gt; He asks Luke to help him cast aside the mask that has symbolized his identity as Darth Vader That's your interpretation of it. All he does is ask him to take off the mask so he can see him "with my own eyes." Not the electronic eyes of the mask. You can interpret all this any way you want and read into it anything you want if you really want him to be redeemed but the facts based on what we see is: **Vader implied he would kill Palpatine, did that and *never* expressed remorse or repentance for his countless evil acts.**
I'm basing my case on what we see onscreen and there's no evidence of love from Vader or what exactly causes one to becone a forceghost.
So there's no evidence one way or the other? Just sayin'.
Was it the idiots with their cars? They did unauthorized Krispy Kreme Tuesdays in Burbank a few times, hundreds of idiots in tricked out cars showed up and took over the whole Empire Center, created havoc, backed up traffic for miles, created a panic, took up the police's time and attention from other things and when the city finally said they were going to arrest them, tow and impound their cars they said they were going to move to CoI. Maybe they moved from Tuesdays?
Couldn't tell you anyone specific but google "krispy kreme tuesday burbank" and you'll find articles about them. They hold unpermitted rallies at a public shopping center, disrupt traffic, create a public nusiance, pull cops away from important duties, prevent the ability of people to shop or eat at the empire center, cost the city thousands if not millions of dollars and then had the nerve to get offended when Burbank said they would arrest them, fine them and impound their vehicles. Idiots.
Just an aside, if he (or she) does have FeLV or FIV don't let that stop you. I understand you not wanting to expose your cats but if you're willing to keep helping that cat or find someone who would that'd be wonderful. Some people will immediately want to put them down if they test positive for those but don't let them. They can have perfectly good lives for a while. I just lost my cat who had FeLV and he was the best thing that ever happened to me. I didn't know he had it when I got him but that wouldn't have stopped me. Just saying don't let anyone try and talk you into putting him down just because he might have one of those problems.
You write like a child.
The more worlds you have the more versions of characters you have, the more convaluted it gets, the less anything matters. The reason Superman is so important is that there's only one Superman. Likewise with Batman. If Superman dies or Batman gets crippled it doesn't matter, we'll hope into another reality and pick us up a Superman or Batman over there. Keep one reality and tell.all the other stories in Elseworlds. That's my take on it.
As long as a multiverse exists there's potential for crossover and characters in one reality can come over to another. Am I wrong or are there not two Supermans on Earth right now? New 52 and Post COIE, preflashpoint Superman? I'm just saying I liked one universe, one reality, one of each character. Elseworlds existed so you could tell all those other fanciful tales without any headaches. Just my opinion, man.
I'd prefer it didn't and never could. Just me, man.
Hey, thank you. It wasn't tooth related. He had kidney disease.and FeLV. We kept him as well as we could for as long as we could but the inevitable finally happened. It's killing me a little everyday not having him here with me but I know I gave him a good life that was longer than the odds. I couldn't have asked for anything better than him. Thank you again.
There's at least two sources I can think of that say it wasn't the Yorktown, it was the Ti-Ho, NCC 1798. Most recently the book The Autobiography of James T. Kirk states specifically it was the Ti-Ho and the book Mr. Scott's Guide to the Enterprise also cites it as being the USS Ti-Ho, a Constitution-class II starship which was a tested for transwarp technology with Excelsior.
Lots of agents out there just coast by doing the bare minimum, doing just enough. They don't need to actually learn a lot, just open some doors and fill out some papers. Or have other people fill out the papers for them. As long as the deal gets done folk consider it a success. Some people never worked with good agents so they don't know the difference between the coasters and the good agents.
As someone who had to go North on the 5 monday and today....fuck my life.
Beards and beanies are over, the new hipster trend: pet goats.
I never understood why people would be ashamed to buy condoms. Back when I had to buy them I walked up to the counter, tossed that box down proudly, as if to say "Yeah, that's right. I'm getting laid tonight. Thank you, vey much." No shame in that.
I had an all black cat who stuck her face in a candle flame once, burned off all her whiskers. They grew back but grew back white.
Approached for a different role....Jimmy Olson, maybe?
That's one version of Lex and not the one most are familiar with. I admit to being partial to Byrne's Trump-like version of Luthor who had a history of growing up with Perry White and all that good stuff. But it's a different time and while Eisenberg's Luthor isn't that Luthor it seems, from what I've seen and read, that he still gets the overall vibe of the character--ruthless, corporate, all business, xenophobic, cruel, spiteful, machiavellian...maybe he looks less like we expect or wanted and has an origin that's different than what we expected but he seems to have ended up the same character. Now, I can live with that. Because that's better than what happens too often in comic movie adaptations.
He doesn't want to get hipster on him.
I had a teacher in high school who, if you fell asleep in his class, he would come around and kick the bottom of your desk. One time he did that, fell, and broke his hip. He never kicked a desk again.
&gt; Has Penny ever been good at anything? I'd say presumably one thing but then again she could never keep a boyfriend and they all cheated on her so maybe not even that.
Out of curiosity, what did you need at the DMV? If you're a member of AAA you can do most DMV related transactions (with the exception of driver's license related issues) at a AAA office.
My personal POV is that despite what we've seen and know so far--namely they only Jedi or good people--can become Force Ghosts, I fully believe Vader died as horrible a being as he lived. He has no desire to tell Kylo to stop his wicked ways because he agrees with him and supports his actions.
