You need a kitty. They are like cramp magnets. You hurt. Magically you have a purring cat on your lap. They also give you zen from purrs. Feel better :)
Someone posted a picture of a lock on a fence in a Nation Park a month or so ago. That's litter. Grr.
How often does this happen? Our ASPCA has a record of no deaths from spay/neuter clinic for something like 10 years.
Man I wish they bottled their sour. It's so good.
I know 2 sets of parents who said something like "You are treating my son like a criminal" when he was charged 4 years for sleeping with a 13 year old (he was 23) and "Why didn't the parents come to us and we could have settled it quietly" when their son had been diddling his 12 year old cousin for years (He was 33). Yeah. NO.
This is such a good book.
Was it Enya? She had a ton of her music in commercials in the 90's
Our state has a damn chart for consent age.
Yup. Came here to say this. Wrist foot and kree in the misc. Pile. :)
Sweaters. I have really nice light sweaters. And a lot of tank tops to wear under v neck stuff.
Screaming buttons we call them
If it's a chimp it would win. They are way strong and have sharp teeth and mad crazy jaw muscles. Mofo can bit your face off and snap an arm like it's nothing. Bitch don't even need a knife. Unless it was like a lemur. I could probably take a lemur. Source: anthropology major
Don't study the day before and sleep well the night before. It takes 24 hours for that cramming to set in. Cram in advance. Basically study each week. Make questions and answers that may be on the exam and pop quiz yourself. Oh and ask the prof for tips during office hours. Oh. Do not. I reapeat. Not. Let the prof see you cry. Never show weakness to the enemy.
My boss had to tell our ceo, under no circumstances, would there be bathroom meetings. Ceo installed private loo in his office shorty after.
Some asshat at a club I did not want to be (obligation for work ) at grabbed almost every girls ass in my group until me when I turned around and told him "young man that is very inappropriate". Then I informed the bouncer and my totally yoked friend who stared him down the whole night. Fuckin people like that guy.
Guy 1. He was never there and married to his job. i Graduated college and got wine to celebrate. Woke up at midnight when he got home. Drank wine by myself. Guy 2. Told me I had to get rid of my cat. Had no emotions and only wanted sex in one position. Guy 3. Bragged about being stabbed and had no idea how to treat a girl. Spent all my money and was a drunk. I sure know how to pick them. But I'm with a chill dude now. We rock. No plans to get married and we are cool with that. Plus my cats love him and he loves the cats.
Isn't she against gay marriege and some other controvercial things too? I think it's just a ruse to cover up real stories like the TPP and the Freedom Act. We rather fawn over a celeb than worry about freedom.
I would like to see him shooting a gun and smoking a joint while high fiving an eagle and drinking a beer with an Iraq vet.
I just wished my bf liked makeup. He tolerates it but he's not a fan. Even when I do no-makup makeup he notices. I have okay skin and will use a bit of cover up most days (unless there is a miricle and the skin is flawless) but even a touch of brows and brown eyeliner accents and he's like, " :( " I guess I should be happy he likes my face.
Seriously. If you order a certain beer or drink day in and out (local dive bar, so you see people 5 days a week) and they switch to something you get confused. Or you are THAT guy who just orders a "vodka anything". He seriously just lets the bartender make a new vodka drink every day. Good guy.
Go to a craft cocktail bar where they choose your first drink for you based on your tastes, then each drink revise until you have found your poison. There are tons popping up all over.
First thing I noticed was your 'y's. Next thing, you are legit. Bartenders hate making coffee. If they wanted to be a barista they would have applied at starbucks.
My significant other is a fancy cocktail bartender and orders white Russians at bowling alleys. Then again, he likes white Russians. Also, I am a white Russian.
Even worse, Tuaca and Diet. BLARGGGGGGG
Because you mean business. You know what you want. You know to pace with a shot. Drink the beer slowly, take the shot. Rinse repeat. This type of person always pays their tab plus a big tip for not bothering them. We have a guy that comes in and orders a beer and a shot almost every day, he's polite, friendly and always in a good mood. He has also worked every single day since the end of February. Service industry makes you appreciate your booze.
Yup.
All American style vodka tastes the same. Funny though, I had a bottle of White Doctor from the super market from Russia a while back and everyone said it was so smooth and good. I think it cost like 75 cents? Also Peter the First cigarettes are pretty tasty.
I order scotch or whiskey as a side car and sip it neat or with an ice cube.
My friend always joked on me because I ordered wine when we went out. One day he comes in and is like OMG I LOVE WINE. He discoved moscato wine. He is black. Heard it in a rap song. I blame rap for hennessy, gin, amaretto, moscato, and brandy.
Real men are not ashamed of ordering a pink cocktail served in a martini glass.
Our bar has 3 ciders. One is pear. The new thing is to order an "angry balls" which is an Angry Orchard Cider with a shot of fire ball poured into the bottle. It is vile.
&lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3
Whoever abandon him should get 17 years bad luck and bad karma. :( Such a cute kitty and awesome forever parents for taking him in :)
Just had a shot and a wine for lunch. However I think the bartender already likes me because we live together. I got the unicorn. Took a bartender on a date and it worked out. :)
So true. I am so happy there are people like you. I have taken in many a kitty but never this bad a situation. Mine have always been from hoarders or the pound. 2 stupid kitties right now. Rimmer is 10 (ish?) and loves doritos and pets. Kuna (Hakuna Matata) is 2 and leaves dead mice in my shoes. Both were kittens from farm cats who were not fixed in time.
40 signs saying keep window closed. 40. FOURTY.
So my 20 pound monsters could be doners? I will bring that up during their next vet visit.
It also looks like D cell batteries next to the bulb.
I didn't go to either of my graduations. I don't even know if I officially graduated high school.
In the future you can get cheap glasses online at places like eyebuydirect
I know nothing.
We had a free vegan restaurant with multiple options at work and people would go across the street to get bacon. However, vegan lasagna is horrible.
You could be 135 lbs and still be healthy at 5'10".
My cat has a bad problem with being obsessed with doritos. So I guess he is helping by me not bringing them home. He will cry and bite until he gets his chip fix.
Good for you!
Like that show secret eaters. They list what they eat and forget to list the drinks or snacks. One person was gobbling on chocolate all day. How do you just eat chocolate all day long and not think about it? One girl was consuming close to 4000 calories per day and had gained 60 pounds in TWO years!!!
Oh god, like the Secret Eaters girl who had the jacket potato every day for lunch but it was covered in 800 calories of extra junk.
THEY DRANK THE COOLAID. So sad. i see this all the time. The nails, the oils, everything. They SWEAR by it. Talking about it all the time. It's like they sold their soul for a few extra bucks a month. Like, OMG, this lavendar bath oil totally cured my headache. Buy it for 20% off today from my site. Only 16$. Ugh. No. I grow lavendar. I can pick it. FREE. I also make my own simple syrups and flavored honey.
Ours are painted like little people. Not at all coded.
Rich and related to Luke Skywalker. Probably high and drunk all the time.
Bawling my eyes out with my cats at a stupid youtube video. I blame my puffy eyes on alergies. Only the cats get it.
Taxis are assholes. On New Years we too a cab from a bar to a house maybe 1/2 mile away. He was demanding 25$ Minimum. We laughed in his face saying they can't do that. Gave him 15$ and said that was generous. It wasn't on the meter and he was trying to scam drunk people.
But the photo doesn't hae cellulite in the article. Unless I am missing something.
I wish they would show examples of skinny women with cellulite in an article about it. Instead it's just click bait for a ton of cellulite burning ads. :(
Like within the last few minutes. Also the one attached fpban list.
Yeah, pics of cute dead girls and the other one i think pics of dead kids are still up. Oh and I am pretty sure painal is still up too. Do not click random pages.
I stopped doing random when i hit the pictures of dead kids sub.
Didn't someone make a mirror type site to upload as an alt to imgur at some point?
there is one for "cute" dead chicks too.
I think they get away with it because it's not like they are harassing people. Just talking about necrophelia and how hot those dead girls are. :/
The post of dead/dying Chris Farley to WTf was pretty bad too. I mean, respect the dead. There are 2 images now of him lying on the floor of a shitty apartment foaming at the mouth and most likely dead/dying.
I worked at an ISP with over 150 employees and they "forgot" to pay the power bill so it got shut off. (That means 3 months over due because of leniency from power companies).
Last year MRI at private clinic with no insurance coverage? 500$ upfront cash. Last month WITH insurance, pay 100$ "co pay, on top of monthly fees", insurance company is billed 10,000$ from the hospital. Corupt as shit.
And they can't drop you or hike up your rates significantly if you get a condition. Which was previously the case. They would just drop people saying they have met their lifetime coverage and would no longer be covered. WTF.
I think it did bleed out, I saw people getting doxxed saying they were going to call their bosses because of r/fph but I saw some animosity in some of the fitness forums as well.
i guess if it doesn't harass people it's fine. The rapist stuff is offensive though. Like the AMA that asked rapists why they did so. That was some WTF material.
Still there picsofdeadkids. The creator deleted their account and I don't think there is much activity but it still has 3k subscribers.
I liked those (people who have killed someone). The people had some really good questions/answers.
1 girl versus 'at least' 250 women and children. That put's a lot into prespective. In addition to this there is a whole thing that you shove a gun in a lady and shoot her creating a fistula where basically, you usually live but leak out of the wrong whole.
Does no one look into their rearview mirrors? I mean, I see the back of my car regularly every day, multiple times a day. I look in the mirror every time I have my turn signal on to change lanes, I physically turn my head to change lanes like everyone should have been taught in drivers education, check your blind spot, which so happens also to be in the vicinity of the rear seat. When parking I look back to make sure I don't hit someones car. Does everyone just drive straight, never park, and never turn?
And [538](http://fivethirtyeight.com/datalab/dont-pay-attention-to-that-wisconsin-straw-poll/) is still scepticle.
I gurentee it is a homeless man who keeps moving after the cops cite him, and each time they smell his breath and he probably has a flask or an open container of rot gut. They basically harass the homeless there because rich people don't like seeing people in rags roaming their fancy streets. It makes the apple store look bad.
It would be nice to have it on doors. People just slam their doors into other cars. Auto door breaks? STOPs the doors from opening onto another car. No freaking respect. I would also like force field human breaks for assholes who think it's okay to hit my car with a shopping cart, bust a tail light, and walk away. I don't leave the house anymore because every time I do there is another ding, scratch, dent in the car.
Meow?
No problem with them. It's more of if you don't like it then don't subscribe. But I guess there was some doxing going on which I don't approve of.
You rock! And your wife rocks! My friend has lupus and RA and just got a compression break in her spine. 32. Shes a song person and full of positive vibes even if all she can do some days is sit with her cats and eat soup. Keep rocking sir.
Pro tip. A lot of public toilets have broken machines for ladies stuff. Check every machine. Some open because the lock is stuck. Score.
Nope. Some places don't even have a cafeteria. Just a small snack shack and hot lunch one day a week. Not free
"Are you gonna eat that?" Still appreciate pizza crust.
Dress up nice and get free samples at stores. Grocery. Mall etc. You can get soap from the mall sometimes. Take honey and mustard from fast food. Free shit everywhere. Just got to be savvy. Go to churches that have free lunch after the service. Soup kitchens. Dumpster dive. Borrow a Costco card and Fuckin eat like a king.
That cheese is still good.
Read this 4 times. The book. Just because of him. Read the rest of the books once. But hyperion 4 times.
Please don't ruin my childhood. I loved this book.
Yeah, I am still on pins and needles with the Preacher adaptation by Garth Ennis.
Just don't go looking for it. Man, the internet sucks some times. I try to stay in a happy place. I read my science reddits and front page and some other news sites and try to stay away from anything that reeks of 4chan.
Ohh. Good idea. my little one started by leaving his toys in my BFs shoes, then shit got real when I went to put my shoe on and there was a real dead mouse in there. The older cat was satisfied I could hunt years ago (or too lazy) but now the little one is bringing in snakes, mice, lizards, birds, everything. I always tell him hes a good kitty and give him treats. But still we get dead animals.
Mine used to do that when his water was dirty or not full enough.
My cat ate his food and his mice. You would hear *SQUEAKKKKKK* in the middle of the night and there he is chomping on a mouse, ate the thing in 2 bites.
Pics?
got to the list or use a google search (way easier than reddit search) and enter in the things you like. There surely is a small sub for that. I have dentistry, anthropology, cognitive science, history, archeology, 19 kids and counting (shut up, it's like a train wreck), a few disease related subs. Just look on the list and dig deeper. :) happy browsing!
If you have seen any posts about being body positive and arguments and then a comment that said "found the fatty" that was the bleed over from fph. It was kinda rude to see people just assuming people were fat because they were defending an opinion.
r/thinpeoplehate can't tell if serious or not...
You could get really creepo and start leaving notes on the shack. "I know what you did". And try to haunt him.
Yes sir. 2 wine and a shot in.
Wait is that too small?
This [blog](https://sixthousandsteps.wordpress.com/) has REALLy helped my friend out. She is your age and is a trooper. Try to stay positive and you already know RA sucks but maybe reading the blog will give you an idea of what she is going through and how to help. HUGS
Good one! I will share with my friend!
Zero. Zero weeks vacation in most jobs but a corporate office job. If you do get time off you don't get paid. Unless you work for Google or Facebook. If you work in retail you usually lose your job because you can't be there. This country is fucked up. This is why you see so many poor single women not working, they can't. There is no free daycare so they have to stay home. No other option. Daycare here costs 800$ or more a month. So until they start school at 6 years old you either have a nice mother who babysits or you pay out the ass for care while you work 60 hours a week.
ARGGGG. Pro-bono. I get that all the time. Not lawyer but dental. People call and just figure they can get shit for free. Oh I'm poor, but I don't have medi-cal (because they are either too lazy to apply or make too much - over 30k a year) and I don't have insurance, so uhhh, is there a free dentists? Dude, get off your ass and pay the 75$ for a cleaning and a check up. Twice a year. Cheaper than filling up your car.
Wait so they lifted the arm rest? I would have gone to the stewardess and told her that someone took my seat.
Ooooh. Bad dentist. Sorry you had a bad experience. Most dentists are good people.
Yeah, they will try to take x-rays and you can decline those. Cleanings are 75-90$ usually. Shop around for a good dentist.
Wow. USA kinda sucks.
You had a shitty dentist. :( I'm sorry. Please try again. There are really good dentists out there who are there to help you have the best teeth and health.
Unacceptable. They butchered your hair. Post the first cut to their Facebook, yelp, twitter, tag the shit out of them. I worked for a professional stylist for many years and have only seen ONE cut we had to fix worse than that, from a super cuts. This is like some 14 year old girl tried to do hair for the first time. No. They should be ashamed.
I was an anthropology major with a focus on biology. Pretty much what he said. The femur does not look human. [see how the neck is different](http://sciweb.hfcc.edu/Biology/AP/134/lab/lab%20guide%20images/II.%20Skel%20Musc%20Nerv/A.%20Skeletal%20system/II.11a.femur.anterior.JPG) ?
I was the bloody mishlin man when I was born and in the 99th percentile. I was suppose to be over 6 foot. Today: 5'10" and 150 lbs. And I am over 25.
hugs &lt;3 Cheers
I tried it. I had 2 slices of pizza and hummus and chips and wine and whiskey. Still under 2k. I don't drink anything but tea and water. No snacks.
Or they insist on bringing it to you anyway. Or they leave sweets on your desk all the time. :( They got all excited about my birthday and wanted to get me cake (because their cheap asses own an ice cream shop) and I told them I don't eat cake. And I'm lactose intolerant. Got an ice cream cake anyways. Only person who gets me was old Filipino guy who got me egg rolls. &lt;3
You should read oryx and crake by atwood.
Websites that are 90% ads and click bait?
For non savvy peeps can we get a post on how to chang a pic?
Nope. Try 1000$. SF is fucked.
HAHAHAHAAHAHAH! Dude. People make 10$ (minimum is about 10.25, goal is up to 15 in a few years) an hour at coffee shops, McDonalds, a bit more to be a vending person at the stadium, cafes, restaurants, retail. So your poor people make 26k full time, where average rent is 2k a month. They commute from the ghettos, live in multi family homes, have a rent controlled apartment for 30+ years and so on.
Oh yeah, and BART is a laughable situation. They just did a piece on NPR today, and basically admitted the trains are running on software designed in the 1960s and they would need 4 billion dollars to fix all the issues. BART : "Gets you where?"
[book covered that](#b "I believe, if I remember correctly, they locked the dog in one of the rooms and he goes apeshit but can't get out")
They removed a few story lines completely from the show and added some stuff. So the books still differ from the show, but the gap appears to be getting wider. GRRM mentioned this in an interview that the show may not follow the books anymore after this season.
And you wonder why many people have strange or obscure flair. No body killed all the castle cats. They still are chilling doing cat things. People who read the books are like, fuck, can't root for anyone.
Will she? Maybe GRRM and the show want to trick us into having hope just to smash it away next season.
Or not. How many times have we hoped something would happen and GRRM is like, HAHA, NOPE.
You know how fucking hard it was to sit on spoilers for YEARS?!! YEARSSS. Everyone was like OH NED. And here we are sitting on our hands covering our mouths. Then boom, we couldn't talk about the red wedding, or the purple one. People were losing their shit and we just kinda sat there. Then this whole Jon thing. I threw the book at the wall after that and could only talk to like 4 people about it. i am so happy we are all basically on the same page and I can freaking talk on the internet about it. Face book goes ape shit if you give spoilers.
Theory here. The watch has to get taken out or overwhelmed so the walkers can break through the wall or go over what not, so the kingdom realises they are fucked and that winter did come and they need some fire to burn the walkers. Basically they need a reason for all the kingdoms to come together drop their petty fights to fight a larger evil. Because as long as the wall and watch stand the walkers are kept at bay. Liike, it's cool, they are still on the other side we have hope. But if you see them rushing through the flood gates you will be like OH SHIT, ITS GOING DOWN.
10 years from now George RR Martin might have actually finished the books. Wait, probably not.
Maybe she just chops of his hand.
This reminds me of that TV sense8 where one of the characters drives a van and the name of the van is "Van Damme" and he is inspired by the films.
Basically like the last chapter of book 5 where we threw the book against a wall and had to keep spoilers for like 5 years. That was the fuck.
Martin likes to toy with your emotions, first you hate him and then when he starts chilling with Brienne you kinda like him a little, and then you are not sure.
I think the books cover this. I forget.
That's the fun part about reading. Like the books/show are like, okay some there is some magic, not not much, and well there are some fucking dragons, and praying sort of works, or not, and you are confused about what is fantasy and what is not. Oh yeah, and frankenstein shit going on.
Tis only a flesh wound.
Never jump teams. Then again, they can't kill all the cats in Westeros.
if I recall correctly the reason that Winterfell was built where it was, is because it had natural hot springs that kept the castle warm and what not but no moat. Also, powder vs. ice is a huge diferrerence. Was it powder or ice/hardpack. Distance fallen, was it a head shot or a body shot, was there rocks? IRL someone survived a parachute fail, but you can die in a 5 foot fall. It could go any direction.
Don't hold it against ghost. Not his fault.
And that whole missing Iron Island plot from book 4.
Dude. A Storm of Swords came out in 2000. That was 15 years ago. Meaning that some of us have kept the Red Wedding Secret for what 13 years? Nedd 15+? Do you know what that does to a person. It's like The 6th Sense TIMES 15 YEARS.
My soul is dead from trying not to ruin it to anyone, even if begged. It was like I knew the answer to life the universe and everything.
Have they not done this before with episodes where it ends without an end or difinitive? GRRM and D&amp;D are all about the PSYCH!!! moment.
[I could swea the book covered this](#b "Ghost was locked in a room unable to get out, or off too far away? Either that or my brain needs to reread the books")
yeah my memory is shot and I could have sword Brienne bit the bullet but she didn't, but I think that Sansa is just a few pages behind even if not on the same time line with answers to live/die. The jump thing. You can spoiler message me if I am totally wrong.
They have cut out stuf that may never appear in the show. Book 2 has some major stuff that still has not appeared and may never. Book 4/5 have some stuff that may have been removed too. Read the books. It's like a different story. Plus it will keep you busy until next season.
ANDDDD I would just skip that year. I could barely get through the books. So dull.
The burden gets no lighter over the years.
I think it was an intersting change. More sharp and brutal vs long and drawn out. I did feel it was a little rushed.
So one season of the show every 5-10 years? &lt;3
We had a Dumbledore but in teh books it was not Olly. But agreed with others, a bit rushed.
You mean the boring parts I skimmed through twice? Ughhhhh Iron islands. I would have skipped the whole book if possible.
Yeah. TWOW is Summer 2016? After the release of the entirely of season 6. Which means NEVER 2016. because it was supposed to be Summer 2015. And prior to that 2014 ad nausium.
Sort of? A lot of things were moved around ff/rw depending. book 4 and 5 were happening at the same time I think so it was like streach and smoosh. And omit like a huge storyline perhaps to be used for later.
Not same story. They mention it on interviews. he is letting D&amp;D kinda roll with it under his supervision.
I don't know, I mean you could really cover her progress in a chapter. So like a few scenes in 2 episodes. I mean she was virtually missing from book 4(?).
I'll believe it when I see it. Mr. George 'Takes a decade to write the next book' Martin.
Dorn never felt like a good plot in the book. I think it was nice to just have it short and sweet.
Tiger, Tiger. one of my favorites.
We are around.
You could add Bill Hicks name to your quote. &lt;3
I really hope they don't include the rest of the other books. I found that plot not as enticing.
Yes. I was going on the assumption they would follow that train of thought.
Whoop whoop!
Wentworth Miller is half black. He looks whiter than her.
Uncle hated unions saying they killed jobs his whole life. Only job he got after years of unemployment, union. Eat crow bro.
I rather work for a union and have job security and good pay than work like a dog a a contractor with no benefits or time off. Everyone I know in a union makes great money able to buy a house or condo in the bay area and is doing quite well.
I feel you. My older cat hated the new kitten. 2 years layer he still hisses at the baby and gets so jealous he will sit on the other cat if he's on my lap.
Omg. Eyes full of hate and jealousy. My poor little kitty. Opressed for 2 years. All he wants is loves. I plan dates with little to get some pets time without angry bastard. Angry gets all the lap time usually.
The correct answer.
You know how doctors offices have big signs on the coolers saying "no food in this fridge", it works the opposite way too. No non-food in fridge meant for food. It is a huge OSHA violation. Also a non labeled container, another violation, potentially contaminating everything in the cooler, so you have to throw the whole contents out and clean the thing.
Can't tell if r/ niceguys is parody or real.
It just looks like someone being irrational after finding out that a guy who they liked cleaned up his life, stopped drinking, got fit (yoga/marathons) and met a girl who was fit and into the same things he was. Vs. a girl who was nice to him but didn't seem to actually like anything he did or encourage him to be healthier and decided that she wasn't going to be thin forever so she just gave up and embraced being fat which is such a fatalistic attitude.
Not many MSI fans in teh house today?
Huh, I have the opposite problem, henna won't stay in my hair. I have used the real stuff (that comes in a bag and smells like dirt) twice and it lasts maybe a few months.
???? i live in the Bay area and the zoo is like 17$ per person (kids 11$) and a ticket to see the Niner's is like 150$. You can get hockey tickets in the 2nd tier for 20-30$ almost any game. I guess it is like 120$ to see One Direction (so I hear) but that is a concert. To see our minor league (and farm team) for baseball: FREE (Tickets are like 7-10$ but there is always someone giving away their tickets outside)
What kind of tortilla do you use for your burrito? The big ones (9") are always like 200-225 cal.
Oops, missed which city you were in, the Chicago Zoo is free.
They sell sandwich tupperwar/[bento](http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3451/3351404506_71d01653a1.jpg) that you can use and you can use a [cute thermos](http://i00.i.aliimg.com/wsphoto/v2/2039351548_1/2014-Cute-Animal-Thermos-Mug-Kids-Adult-Insulation-Thermos-Cup-500ml-Stainless-Bullet-Shap-Bottle-Mug.jpg) for soup, this might work out better for long hikes and have a bag of trail mix snacks and some energy bars to snack on the way. Remember you don't want your cute little bento meal to get all jostled and look like confetti after you go hiking.
Damn, I live in the Bay Area.
Makes more sense, I was invisioning 'burito' like a restaurant.
So they got fined .oo3% of last quarter's profits? Not even last year, last quarter....Seems like a drop in teh bucket.
It's cool, they got 32 BILLION just last quarter.
On one of the episodes of Secret Eaters this one gal said she didn't like sodas because they were too sweet, but they found out she drank energy drink. So the host took the exact amount of sugar into a glass of water and made her taste it and then explained the rest of energy drink is just artificial flavors to cover the sugar. A lot of people don't realize how much sugar is in every drink, even juice.
No more smoking in US jails.
Poured half a dixi cup of mixed nuts for a snack, look a mail scale on my desk, weigh nuts, realize 4 ounces of nuts is like 450-650 calories. Slowly push nuts away. I wanted a snack not a freaking meal. :( Stupid free work nuts.
I see curvy and bigger as Joan from Mad Men or [Brienne](http://www.imdb.com/media/rm641006592/nm3729225?ref_=nm_phs_md_6) from Game of Thrones who is 6'3".
We deserve it. How long did we know about red and purple wedding? A decade?
Aren't those big? I have never been. :/
Tall girl. If this hits off would like Hoodies for girls too. Sound awesome.
See how many are stolen by wives and girlfriends.
Do you recommend a place in California? I have a couch needing love . Brass studs
Seriously. She should paint the gayest rainbow she can with a picture of Noah, being SUPER.
It's reddit, like 8 people would look it up.
As of July 1st, all employees in the US (edit: California only, my mistake) regarless of full or part time position are entitled to at least 3 paid days of sick leave, and if they don't use them they can roll over to the next year to up to 6 full days of sick leave.
We have a place called jerk n pickle. All they sell is beef jerky and pickles. They sell a lot online.
Megan is Missing is disturbing but not horror just very disturbing.
Every single person on the cast of Sin City except Jessica Alba (character is suppose to be black and actually be able to act). I cast those roles in my head and with friends for years before the film was announced and it was always Bruce Willis. Like no doubt he was the only person who could playthat part.
Children of the 80s, when you die, you die. If you did not save you are fucked. Some sierra games even if you got to a certain point but you forgot to get an item you were fucked and would have to go back to some previous save point where you could get the item. Meaning you had to have MULTIPLE save games. I miss that.
Those little midget fuckers in Diablo always fucked me up.
I'm sure your inbox has exploded but the folks here r/suicidewatch are good people.
Someone needs a theater blower 2000
Me or the cat. I chose the cat. What kind of ruthless person says I can't have my kitty bro of 6 years because they don't like cats? My new person loves my kitties. (Got a second one after because cats!)
Heck yes! It's a packaged deal. My kitty bros are my family. One is old and barfs in my shoes and the baby leaves me mice in my shoes. Love em to death.
Jessica alba in any film. She almost ruined sin city.
