What kind of scissors are those? They seem nice.
I think these could be great games if they focus less on the story. Or do a better job than the first one.
I dont watch twitch, but whats so wrong with it?
If you can get it cheap it's worth it for the exclusives. Ive also spent a ton of money on PS1 and PS2 games, so be cautious of that if you get one.
I think to open bottles. Like beer bottles or old cokes.
E3 is a miserable place to be. I dont blame him.
Ooph. People are saying no nemisis system either. That was basically the whole game.
This is great news, but Ill probably be watching Greg Millers crew.
A nukeakakey.
Ill check it out next.
Animated series are pretty expensive though. I wouldnt be surprised if cartoon network scoops them up.
Game of Thrones has been pretty boring this year. Korra really deserves it.
I used to do that like once a week. I know I fucked up when Boy Meets World wasnt on tv.
You didnt show the Full House clip. 0/10
But we also made a Top Gear. And a new season of The Inbetweeners. People of the world we're sorry.
I dunno I think it's only remembered fondly because Matt and Trey was in it.
The top middle looks like dude who played Louies dad and uncle.
Or they could buy it?
Did you even read the article? Lol
Home Improvement kid&gt;
And JJs reign was the golden era of the recap. People shit on him but he seemed like a really creative dude.
Now kill AHWU please.
So does that mean Joel's officially a disney princess?
Achievement Hunter is taken over by Smosh Games. Let the cringe begin.
Jontron's going to be announced as Rays replacement. Let the shit posting begin.
Didnt they have a failed kickstarter? If so then they talked about them for a big chunk of the podcast.
I couldnt find the podcast where gavin talks about that guy, but I did find the one where they talk about the kickstarter. It's episode 305 at about 32:30. Im not saying I believed he did it, was just curious where it came from.
It might have to do with them not following through witch their kickstarter, since they just made a film with the help of crowd funding.
i heard he smells funny too
Id lick his neckbeard.
BEARS le so funny XD
One of the cringeyest guys on the internet. Just look up comletionist videos from two months ago and back, and youll see. The completionists newer videos without him arent half, though.
Im pretty sure he only did it so when someone with half a brain watches the video, and looks at the comments they dont realize it's complete bullshit.
Roy? The challenge finder?
Me and my friends used to do this all the time. He has to be logged into your account when downloading.
Damn. Why do yall like to see this stuff? Just wait til the movie comes out, and be surprised.
When she was confessing, I wanted to lick taste those fat tears and laugh. But during the walk of shame I wanted to get a machine gun and blast the crowd.
"I want a game, thats not a game" Dude, youre at a games conference.
Aaaaand iiiiiiii HOLY SHIT wiiilll alwayyyys love youuuu
And they thought the sales was bad last time.
I think it wouldve been a perfect august game.
Where do I download the 360 games? I see them no where.
Madcatz is sweatin hard now. I just hope MS adds a turbo button.
Well, that stinks. I was hoping to replay Red Dead again.
Id honestly rather have another game than a new season, if its as good as Stick of Truth.
I imagine itll just end up people chasing the captain around the ship like a fool for a couple minutes. None of my xbox friens will go quietly into the night.
Its such a ridiculous argument, its almost like I was being sarcastic.
Yeah, thanks!
The Scranton Strangler is a pretty dope name.
I havent seen or read his review, but I thought it was an awesome movie. Granted I was really stoned, so that might affect my opinion.
Besides the fact that youre wrong too.
80s reboots and superhero films are in the same camp as me. They both show lack of original ideas in big hollywood blockbusters.
I was so happy when my little cousins told me DARE wasnt a thing anymore. So I did my duty and told them that 50% of people who smoke die of a heart attack after their first puff.
When they have ryu and kens dongs slapping during a fight cause the ingame physics, Ill be on board.
The internet was a thing, he just didnt live in an area where it was readily available. Maybe they tought we were being asshole kids, cause wed call alot asking for the price of random games.
Thats pretty fucking cool. Idk though it seems like most console games already do that though. I dont play many shooters so im probably wrong. What im interested in is if you can upshift and downshift with the paddles in forza.
That sucks. I hate all exclusives. I guess its good for the big wigs, but its a bummer you have to pay so much just to play a certain game. Sony, ill share some halo if you give us some uncharted.
Thats been the dream of games for me. I dont need to see the pores and every hair on the characters head move. I just have wanted games that look like cartoons. I can only really think of two, though. The Stick of Truth and a PS1 Batman TAS game.
How tf did they get the metroid guy? The Japanese usually avoid the xbox one like its another a-bomb.
That would mean someone would have to watch Little Nicky. I dont want someone to suffer just for a screenshot Ill forget about as soon as I see it.
My left, or your left?
Omg. Holy fuck dude. I didnt know I wanted this so badly.
0
And Rayman. I was bummed to not see any new Ubiart games at E3.
I think people enjoy riding hype more than actually playing the game. There's nothing wrong with that, theyll just be disappointed when it doesnt play exactly like it did in their head. Im not going to read up on the game anymore cause Im going to buy it no matter what. I trust bethesda and have enjoyed all their games.
Yeah, theyve got the same problem as Rockstar. Everything in the game is halfassed, because theres so much in the game. I still find their games fun, but prefer it when they go all in on a mechanic. Like MaxPayne 3 or Midnight Club.
I feel like thats a pretty good explanation. It felt like they cut alot of story from AoU. I hope they come out with an extended cut on bluray
I didnt play it at launch, I got it maybe 3 months later, but I have never had a problem with it. For sure worth $15.
Holy shit it did. I just couldnt play it it was so bad. Im glad Im gonna get a second chance at playing it now. All I have to do is now is get used to the bobbing.
Its pretty cool how interested in videogames he is. One of the few old peole I know of who is. Didnt he make a cool wii game? Battle Blocks? And he was involved in Medal of Honor if I remember correctly. It was basically the Saving Private Ryan videogame.
The hack fraud who made War Horse, War of the World and Indiana Jones 4.
Obviously his failures are more important than his successes. Have you never been on the internet?
I wouldnt mind if it were 720 60fps. I dont really care about resolution. Smoothness is way more important go me.
The graphics kinda look like butt anyway. I dont see an issue in lowering the resolution.
Itll need 6 less frames per second, plus black bars around the edge. Theyll also have to make it a 4 hour game where half of it is cutscenes and the other half is squatting behind cover and shooting baddies with four different kind of guns.
Homeless people dont make it seem like theyre going to spend it making a shitty videogame that will never be released. Most of the time theyre straight up and tell you theyre going to buy heroine
I aint do much schoolin
Ive realised life's too short to care what a butholes attached to.
Well, like my dads used to always say, " Its not gay if youre not emotionally attached with the butthole."
Looks like shes eating a booger.
She was hitting OPs pipe probably.
Hes gonna make an album about maximizing the efficiency of coupons.
The old people on facebook need something to hate on.
He seems like a very decent person. All hes given to charity and his community trump whatever hes said about people who grew up rich, and make albums now.
ITT: a guy whos taking a middle of the road approach and adding nothing to the conversation.
Minus yeezus and 808
Ok its cool. Ive only seen the trailer. I probably wont buy it because I have no friends with DS'. Id probably buy it for $15 though.
Grand Budapest Hotel's a better film anyway, you racist.
No one else thought it was funny? I thought it was in line with the last two spidey movies. Just like "He stole that guys pizza!" Or him telling the kids to look both ways before crossing the street, and the kids saying "Yes Mr. Spiderman." The Amazing movies lacked the corniness of the Raimi, that made them so much fun.
I dont think spiderman 3 was that bad. It's certainly better.than Amazing Spiderman 2. Id always hear rumors that they were going to do the lizard, before they announced the reboot. I guess they repurposed whatever script they had. Kingsley wouldve made a good Vulture, but Id love to see Danny Devito in the role.
He still has to be around her when she's talking. He's not that lucky.
When you get the One, do not make the mistake of getting the Nyko rechargeable kit. It is also garbage.
Neither of the two packs it came with still hold a charrge.
Him destroying sonic with the grey hedgehog dude.
And Egorapter isnt even that famous.
Im talking about her butthole.
I loved gears 2. Mustve played through it 4 or 5 times with a friend. I tried 3 alone, and it was way too slow for my taste. Might try replaying 3 with a friend.
Try the classic Benoit murder suicide.
Ive taken plenty of pictures with people I dont like.
Now this has to be posted.
"Off to slay dat puss"
You cant live off weed smoke?
I meant more on a morality level, but yeah I see what youre talking about. Ive know a couple polygamous couples and it does get pretty confusing. But if there was a way to have it done legally Id have no problem with it. There are smarter people than me to figure out the logistics.
And Phillip Seymour Hoffman was supposed to be the teacher in the into the woods episodes. He wouldve been great in the show, but I think the guy they got was pretty great too.
4 feet 20 lbs
Plus not very funny.
"Yes, 911? My husbands playing halo and watching porn! This is an emergency!" *click*
They should add to the Geneva Convention that no one should dig up other peoples myspace pages. I hope Im never famous, so no one will ever come across my myspace and care.
Benghazi 2: Electric Boogaloo
Id drink nothing but mtn dew dorito smoothies.
I mean, you still have to pay to get xbox live. That's their last big thing they have left to make right.
From what Ive seen they dont charge 30% more for games on steam. It comes from the developers cut. Id rather Microsoft take a larger cut than directly take my money for something I can do for free on other systems.
What the fuck are they going to do? Bring in a helicopter?
Yeah, true true. I thought you were saying they should have done more
Deoderant is the white mans lie.
It seems like this movie doesnt get enough love. Especially compared to frozen.
Yeah it's pretty crazy. I love Jon, but I think Dan is easier to listen to than when Jon was on it. Jon would go to some weird places, while Dan is kind of more traditional. I love them both equally, but I dont imagine GG wouldve gotten as big as it is now with Jon still being the not so grump.
Live for yourself. There's no powder that can give you pride over yourself.
That's racist as fuck dude. Not cool.
I could never finish it. It was way too hectic for my tastes. I might try to watch it again soon, but it had the same problem that lego movie had. It never had any down time.
Birdman or Lego Movie?
Youre not playing it right if you dont have the trigger pressed all the way down at all times.
I wish I could revert it back to the old way. I only played in first person to get the achievement, and never touched it again.
Me and my friend have been looking forward to Halo 5, cause all we ever play is Reach on splitscreen. Probably wont buy it now bc Halo's kinda dull to me in singleplayer.
And it looks like the guy is wearing underwear over his pants.
There's nothing more fun than playing golf in an empty field of grass.
Yeah dude. I dont think it should be used. Im sorry for all the assholes in your past, and it sucks that a word can bring up such negative feelings in a person.
The only yoshi you can get from a bluray is from the super mario bros movie, so nintendo.
And if nintendo publishes this game. Well put a nail in the head of the developers.
Im pretty sure the guys that work at nintendo and would even see this know what mega64 is all about. The videos they did with them was pretty nuts.
Everything Ive been spamming the comments of /r/gamegrumps has been a lie D:
Put it on easy bub
She's hot af in that Eddie Murphy movie too. I had that on vhs when I was a kid.
thatsthejoke.jpg
Huh. Cool, I loved Ex Machina.
Hopefully you're not dead by then
Mostly fat
Alabama Shakes?
They snapped in two and now both go by Lil Jon.
I'd Poe on her chest.
But Captain America is half of the Marvel Civil War and he has his name slapped on it. Its not called Marvel Civil War.
I'm still not sure it isn't.
If they hate working at amazon, get a new job.
And if you smoke out of if enough eventually you'll have a raisin.
That's mainly cause those films are fucking dumb.
Not doing typhoon spins in the air killing like four Jedi. Just fucking stupid.
Sorry I picked on your glow stick movies bub.
Yah he's funny
Yo, I voted for obama
Xbox should've launched with that slogan lol
I don't wanna see deadpool and I'm single. What do I do? Break up with myself?
ok :(
LA noire sequel.
It'd be cool if they put put the story board like they did for the original Monsters Inc on the special features DVD.
You can say that again.
It would be great if a certain other channel playing Mario would do that. But I guess its too much work.
Oh yeah. I know a lot of girls who are like that. Like I don't care if you like the more mainstream nerdy stuff just don't holler about it. Maybe I just hate every human ever idk
I was a dumbass kid and I even knew not to try anything Keenan and kel did lol
Wtf are you from the 18th century dude? You get water from a well?
How rude
Django X Zorro movie needs to happen.
Wow. I'd hate to live in that world. Everyday is insanity.
I dunno. I never notice it lagging after the update. And I haven't played reach in like three years.
They were supposed to be in the second game as summons iirc
Not him, but I agree. Its way too far in the first world problems for me to care. It never really gave me a reason to sympathize with the main dude. Plus I hate jazz.
That would be a fun drinking game
I read most of them when I was a kid, but I used to obsess over the first two movies. Gonna watch number four tonight.
Crowny Snapito
Y'all are falling for pointless political slandering.
Fuckin sweet
Damn. Idk how, but I'm excited to see ah videos again. What is this, 2014?
you cahn do eet
I love Rayman so much. Getting through the last level in origins, and the music video levels where you only have one life is so great. I wish they'd make a new one. My favorite platforming games.
Bravo, brother.
I know. People take these movies way too seriously. Its a movie where a roided out ww2 soldier, Norse god, a tech billionaire, and some jackass with a bow and arrow fight off aliens.
Yah this is the same asshole who climbed out a rhino butt naked.
It cost $5 tho
Go to toys r us
Ur butyful beb
Was Shakespeare even real though?
Four 20 brah brah rip some fat clouds
But are you gonna take an order from me?
If it's any consolation, none of it matters because it's just youtube videos.
What he from
Wow what's it like to hate the troops, osama
Hopefully it'll be The Room levels of good.
so u single?
How can someone watch eight eps w/o liking it.
Its actually not as terrible as I thought it would be. Just a goofy movie.
I owe them nothing
Idk you read about people doing terrible things to children all the time, so its super satisfying about watching pedos try to squirm out of a situation then get tackled by 15 police officers.
Colbert is pretty terrible tho
Power miner? Rock thingy.
Xray and vav is made by rt tho
It's fine
It'd be nice if people could just retire characters. We've had spiderman stories for 60 years.
Unless you worry about Gus' dog
I'll rate them best to worst: Walle, incredibles, toy story, finding nemo, Dory, monsters inc, inside out.
I liked it alot
Its mostly because people aren't dicks on the day to day. They only turn into monsters when memes are involved
