-t13 (on add phase). -Unlock masterbook II for LWR so that i have 3 crafting jobs at max, ready for specialist. (MBII and Lucis). -After that save up as much gil as possible and watch market.
not stressin to hard about it... Pretty sure *most* of the new recipes will not be added to the "master" tab but instead a new 51-55 / 56-60 tab. But there is a possibility that they throw a bone to people who have suffered through MB's and Main tool grinds and put some higher 5 star + stuff in there so i just wanna make sure i'm ready for it.
Was at it all night last night... my static was really suckin on dps so we keep hitting a wall in the add phase. No doubt this is doable tho.
until you see dem alexander screen shots and your all like damnit...
The main headache with coil is the phases you never make it to for practice like post heavensfall in t9. But they are introducing a practice mode where you can select the specific phase to get better at... that combined with the story mode to introduce people to the basics of the fight will have much more people in the end-game raids.
why a new master tab when you already have three books under one? (MB I and II and demi book) And once we are top tier at level 60 those masterbook 2 items will not be so hard to craft, especially since you only need 3 of em... *and* you need to make nq versions anyways for supra. (whether or not the continue to use the blue main hand will make this a must or useless) anyways it's totally possible.
LOL glad to see that we are all not crazy... whats shitty tho is the world i was building (and still am) is almost the EXACT plot to the movie Interstellar. I mean i knew i was building an entertaining story/universe but damn i didn't know it would be that good if Chris Nolan got behind it lol.
really glad you went outta your way to do this. I remember reading something once about REM being the point in time which your brain sorts out all the shit that happened to you that day and stores the information according to useful (got a promotion today/long term) to not useful (got stuck at 5 red lights otw to work today/short term) Interesting that the norm for chronic smokers is a dodgy memory is supported by this study.
Some of the top people in the fucking DEA are still living in the 1800 when it comes to info on pot. [It's bad because it's drugs and it's illegal because it's bad.](https://youtu.be/sw2wjrsdZSM?t=17) When the eventual wall comes down (prohibition) and more case studies can be conducted... that's when we will really see wtf is happening on the inside because it most certainly has a negative side. Same thing happened with cigs... not even half a century ago everyone was smoking cigarettes everywhere, it was the bees fucking knees! But after the huge wave of studies, information, deaths, so on... we now realize whats really happening. Weed has never had this chance and has only been studied from a biased "how can we keep this illegal" stand point that only warp actual facts (as seen by the idiot who post something they didn't even read and probably walks around town spewing the same bullshit lol)
who are you kidding lol... i smoke almost every day and smoked cigs for about 10 years before i quite those. My ideas are not based off assumption, it's personal experience. I only compare it to cigs in this situation because of the sheer amount of ignorance when cigarettes were at the height of their popularity, much like the ignorance surrounding weed. That doesn't mean i'm saying they are just as dangerous.
and dont forget the glamor system for SWTOR... that shit was on point. I was actually just considering making a thread on the official forms asking for some of those features like palette matching the chest piece. I pretty much realized it was going downhill from the start when there was no dog-fighting space pvp... i stuck around pasted GS and enjoyed the fuck outta it but came to the conclusion that i was not gonna wait around for another 2 years for something that should have been there from the start.
uhhhhh they have been saying this entire time that HM alex will be on par (*almost*) with savage coil....???
How does MORE people experiencing the story diminish anything for you? Do you feel less special that the cut-scene your waiting is being experienced by more that 5% of the game pop.? I went into coil for the story as well... that and the t9 tank coat lol.
lol... when i consider the story of coil i would file it under must fucking know lol... it was never an option for me, and i feel that it has almost everything to do with the entire story of ARR. That shouldn't be behind the wall that it is... i see where your coming from tho. For your average raider there minds are set on BiS... and the never ending grind for best gear but i never really took this approach because skill trumps gear any day. The story was always my reward... well that and the t9 tank coat which i still dont have lol.
yeah which is the exact opposite of whats happening here lol
Pretty much everything i have seen/read on the subject points to this... the real issue being after getting through that thick layer of ice.
i think in a couple years of playing i only went up that chasm twice lol... that place was a bit much.
i think you miss my point... it was not gonna be the thing to revive swtor... that ship has sailed long ago. I was simply saying that it should have always been there from the start, and because it wasn't, and then took 2 years to get it, kinda foreshadowed the whole demise of swtor. I mean it is Star Wars... not Planet Surface Wars
the way transmuting works is that you never get back what you put it so i would imagine this would work the same.
woo... the way it rained down debris was terrifyingly awesome
there ya go... thats my kinda shit luck ;P
I am a father of 4... every waking second of my life is ran as though im a tank/leader stringing along a bunch of babies/dps while me and the wife/healer argue about pointless shit. But to be real, I only run end game with strangers if i am 100% sure i know every end and out of the fight... otherwise it's with the static.
USE THE SEARCH BUTTON STEAMERS!!!
+RED DYE {YOU CAN HAVE IT}
misery loves company... if anything else you must ignore him. Once he realizes he can't affect you anymore he will move on.
wow... i am really sorry. Since this guy has all of your real info (and 6 months of dedication to making you know how upset he is) i would call the cops. Might be hard because you might not have any info on who he is IRL but that does not matter, you could be in danger and it needs to be taken seriously.
&gt;DX11 is Microsoft, meaning no MAC, PS4 or PS3 users will see these changes, sorry! ^pc^master^race^git^gud^scrubs
I went to Cairns when i was living out in the marshall islands and saw a statue of [Capt. Cook](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/01/Captain_Cook_statue,_Cairns.jpg) always wanted to know more about the dude lol.
pantera
Nael Deus Darnus - That bitch takes the cake for hardest thing i've done in any FF game, thus not only sticking out as #1 boss (monster) in FFXIV but also hardest in all the series.
dont. turn. around.
lets be real... with ffxv and kh3 on the horizon...
first song i learn to play on the bass... hits me right in the feels.
this is almost a day late lol but if you didnt know... i130 (or anything wayyy over the ilv needed) synced down at all is as effective as all white gear. So if you are a scrubby dressed drg with gear closer to the ilv... and it is pink or green you actually out gear us lol.
Here's the most fabulous [fomor PLD](http://i.imgur.com/9K6Dc9o.jpg) you will ever see! ^purple ^:P
not crazy enough to do savage lol
dont even need to get into the fact that shes is not the real challenge, the 7 people you can with are your real enemies lol.
market analysis.
needs more rng
did i just start a relic/zodiac quest? :P
Marshall Islands are missing... Several islands leased that are being used actively for missile defense testing. There will not be a single link ITT that will show all the bases.
i mean... have you watched the news at all? this place is fucked!
This was because of Walt Disney himself... and by default/tradition Pixar. Walt bought his mom a huge home after the success of snow white... even though his mom didn't want it. Well after a ton of complaints with the furnace system, and shoddy repairs, she died of asphyxiation caused by the fumes like 1 month after moving in. Walt took it hard... Parents (in disney movies) ever since have either not been there, portrayed horribly or even killed off. [sauce](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flora_Call_Disney)
was just thinking about this yesterday while making gear for sub jobs... even if i can just click on the item i have excess of and see what i can make with it.
always wondered this myself... with all the feuds between the two why would that on thing carry over... maybe it was subconscious? lol
[i've seen a lambo commercial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ql94IYUrwXY)
not sure if your being serious but in the wiki you posted... "The original agreement allowed the United States continued use of the U.S. Army Kwajalein Atoll (USAKA) missile test range until 2016. An amendment to that agreement, extending U.S. rights until 2066 with an option until 2086..." Lived there for several years... then afterwards enlisted in the Navy for 8 years. I know bases lol... this place is a base. It's ran mostly by DoD but there are some higher up brass stationed there as well. (not ever day you get a billet to a tropical paradise)
you realized why he gravitated towards this?
lol yeah i detected a sense of something... i think that just means don't start wars with other people/groups then expect us to back it up OR if WWIII broke out we need to protect them in turn.
thats what happens when there are two different things in each picture... It is how some people can do the "spot the difference" puzzles ridiculously fast. since they are always side by side images you just do the 3d look thing and anything "blinking" (or as you put it jarring) is whats different from scene to scene.
Well Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs was the first full-length cel animated feature in motion picture history so as far as Disney movies are concerned there wasn't anything before that lol... The stories Disney pulled from existed for quite some time but we're talking about Walt's adaptation, not the original versions.
This is a well documented thing... while walt himself never talked about it (and only worked on features until the late 60's i believe) It's pretty obvious that it had a huge impact on his work.
he was 13th in line for the throne... give him a fucking break for wanting his own kingdom! And the only real "bad" thing he did was lock Anna in the room when she was dying... that bitch was singing about true love the day she met me... i should take her crazy ass out :P edit: he even saved Else from being shot by that one dude... edit 2: yeah i guess he was about to [murder Elsa](http://33.media.tumblr.com/ef21c17b0a335d1c97f44045426c7e8b/tumblr_inline_n05poe2AbQ1qk3ggq.gif) when Anna ran in and saved her... HE WAS SO CLOSE THO lol
PLD - Main MCH - new DPS main GSM / BSM / LWR - because Masterbook II Unlocked and Lucis Miner then all the other crafts.
*sigh* this pissed me off just reading it...
getting ninja looted.
I really hope they do. which reminds me i should go buy some ex primal items while they are still cheap!
(most recent) some ass hat snagged my tank earrings from t11 only because he said he was looking for the word "fending" in the loot list when it said "tank earrings" after my name. Been Farming t11 for so damn long and it was the first time i saw them drop.
dem subtitles tho :)
Jeez all this over some dick pics... or do they actually think they are making a difference in terrorism?
Here's the "You actually enjoy facing other people in TT" run down. * get cards * challenge random people as you wait for whatever * enjoy yourself &amp; the challenge others bring * ensure you use up ALL your matches * receive Platinum Packs once the week is over (1 for each 1000 points) each pack has the chance of dropping any card available through the tournament * enjoy the satisfaction of getting cards without cheating
oh i'm sure you're a shining example of a human being... your ability to quickly judge people for one reminds me several bags of shit.
i.... i just dont get it... you asked for the money and they said sure whatever. What if the said no? what if they just froze (fear) and did nothing? Its not like you could reach in there and force them to do it. Did anything like that ever happen?
"probably."
i guess cuz you really don't know what the person is ready to do to get that money... Kudos for turning yourself in, fatherhood really does change a man (I have 4 rugrats so im not even sure im the same person i was before lol)
as a graphic design who sits around all day digitally drawing i can tell you that is not whats happening here.
when i used to go diving in the marshall islands i would frequent a spot called the sandy flats. [it would just go on and on](http://www.wallpapersdb.org/wallpapers/beach/underwater_sand_1920x1200.jpg) (not the actual spot be very similar) and on those really calm days it was just the most serene thing to just sit there and listen to the ocean noise. I could see this happening in one way on Uranus.
could it something as simple as core size? What if Uranus just has a smaller core producing less gravity which in turn produces less heat and Neptune is "big boned" lol so shes puts out a little bit more heat.
ricola!
Ahhh i see the weather device is [finally operational](http://screenrant.com/wp-content/uploads/Star-Wars-7-Rumor-Emperor-Returning.jpg)
LOL reminds me of the pancake i got one day in basic that was so hard you could literally write on it... so i broke out my ricky pen and wrote "you should not be able to write on this!" clear as day then left it on the table. Good thing this was not in your day.
Graphic designer here as well. it gets slow sometimes but i mainly procrastinate A LOT :P
hopefully some creative minds over there can come up with something like this... a freaking cat bowl or litter box that unlocks all cat minions to freely roam around your house... except fat cat of course, he don't get around much :P
One of the best habits i have found as a PLD main... hovering over the icons to see whats actually happening with monsters abilities.
[MOTHER FUCKING BLITZBALLLLLLL!!!!!!](http://www.howdonkey.com/pics/53/be-ownage-at-blitzball-in-ffx.jpg)
oh it would have to be re-imagine from the ground up, certainly a challenge. Creating one class that branches out to different positions on the team like goalie or forward etc... could be a start. You would still want it flexible in traditional FF-MMO style so you can fill any role and not be tied down to the first choice you made.
SWTOR has "HUTTBALL" which never really relied on stats or positions but instead left it up to the players to figure all that stuff out since you could also just go around killing people like normal pvp. (which obviously had its use) But when two teams that actually knew what they were doing faced off it was really fun. Blitzball could step away from its stat based roots and skills and just focus on the basics at first then figure out after some trial and error how to make things more interesting like gear sets. Instead of assigning classes one can just equip a "goalie set" or "attacker set" before the match starts that yield some nice moves like Jecht Shot or super goalie moves while also boosting overall ability to perform.
Im gonna guess a humanoid personification of Alexander... So like a knight.
consider this a release of sorts... you are wrapping up the last parts of a life you are leaving behind and you need to close all the doors. Tell them all at once... out in the open (at a time when most of them are on) get their attention, let them know your about to drop some serious IRL stuff so there is no miscommunication and some immature ass hat drops jokes. If they show maturity and understand then you have just created a bond with a group of people that will last a long time... if they can't handle it use the name change thing on mogstation and drop some fantasia and do exactly what you are doing anyways, rediscovering yourself.
[do you want to know the difference between justice and punishment?](https://youtu.be/bWpK0wsnitc?t=469)
idk kinda reminds me of pop tarts lol
same here except i have 4 kids... and it fucking terrifies me to no end that the odds of losing any of them right when the shit hits the fan is to damn high.
For someone who has served 8 years in the Navy, sailed countless oceans, participated in a few [swim calls,](http://www.blackfive.net/.a/6a00d8341bfadb53ef01a3fcef2418970b-pi) lived on a tropical island in the middle of the pacific and even gone diving you would think this fear goes away... Day time im fine whens theres people around and i know the divers are in the water looking out... but night time, FUCK THAT!!!
Also if you lift your truck make sure to readjust your lights so that your low beams don't turn into high beams and blind every fucking thing in front of you.
yeah not lately...
lol got me, "seas" is more specific.
totally fell for it lol
ive never hear of anything... sharks usually dont bullet straight outta nowhere, the creep up on you and circle you a few times, then if they wanna see what you taste like will dart and you and rub skins :P anyways, divers are in the water so they'll spot a shark long before this starts if the shark is even brave enough to approach all that noise... then everyone gets out but thats never happened in the 3 times ive done it. mandatory [shark view for de creps](http://www.defense.gov/dodcmsshare/homepagephoto/2014-09/hires_140927-N-IC565-7241d.jpg)
OMG the pld... so boss!
you are very close to one [of these](http://farm1.staticflickr.com/1/492358_c72860544b.jpg)
even after i got the wireless mouse i star noticing after time the the signal starts to diminish and you really just *miss* that latent free feed back... WIRES OR DIE!
it just makes to much damn sense now &gt;.&gt;
ewww the way his finger comes out LOL
iirc... and that sure was a while ago lol, but w-sum/x4/kotr/mimic/mimic was one of the more popular was to defeat emerald weapon.
"If you're tying to stay high, you're bound to stay low." -Matisyahu
and the constant mouth breathing is hard to get past.
Ahhhh kh3 @_@
and thats where i sighed :(
yeah hmmm? no FFXV either
glad im not the only one who thought that lol
[m'fantasy](http://i.ytimg.com/vi/oe9uK9QGCUI/hqdefault.jpg)
I for one am really looking forward to Machinist but now that we get [A FUCKING AIR STRIKE!!!](http://i.imgur.com/yZ7ZSiF.gifv) i'm officially HYPE!
[pic](http://www.4gamer.net/games/278/G027835/20150616136/SS/041.jpg) would probably makes sense to have your shield arm heavily armored tho.
[highest quality i can find](http://www.4gamer.net/games/278/G027835/20150616136/SS/015.jpg)
Exactly... when your following the end game (raid) story that shaped the entirety of Eorzea as it is now. SE gonna have to come up with something a little deeper than whatever they can come up with for a reason for gobs to go all crazy on us and summon a primal, thats on par with the normal story of what the scions were doing... so why step back? Instead how about something steeped in the history of Ishgard herself... making alexander connected to the 12 knights that defended Ishgard long ago... with the goblins as their puppets.
story wise them being used as puppets works way better... using their collective prayers for someone else's main goal?
"The Undersized Party option can only be used for the following duties 2.X dungeons / 2.X Trials / Binding Coil of Bahamut / Second Coil of Bahamut / Final Coil of Bahamut" whos gonna be the first badass to solo his/her way through all of coil??
She is wearing the allagan necklace slave thing though...
it is all about delivery... that is why there seems to be a half and half consensus on which version is better. On one had the english version makes us think *deep* but on the other hand it makes us look unnecessarily close to EVERYTHING said trying to pick out some deeper meaning (which can really throw us out into crazy town fast) And even with the other translations... were being told very important information that can get lost in translation but if the delivery is off or seems forced we just feel like passive observers being told whats happening. Both have their moments but it will always come down to delivery.
292 Pterois Volitans on Excalibur Time card
better be ON DAT STUN LOCK!
[yes](http://crossfitnewhaven.com/images/made/images/uploads/blog/waterboy_300_180_70.jpg)
tisk... casual &gt;.&gt;
naw just a random pic
yeah once the servers are down its not like you can do much with that info.
yeah and the shield / sword oath one sucks! ended up just going back to have both on the hotbar.
OH OH OH as a main gsm/min i can wait for a gold minecart!!! FUCK i just realized i changed my miner retainer to a BLM... SHEEET!
alex's body is like a clock constantly running, always turning :P
dude obviously hasn't been in this situation... neither have i but im on your side. I have clear t5 about a billion times trying to get the fucking elusive Fending helm... seriously has never dropped in over a year. If the final day came and i got the helm followed immediatily by a DC / Server crash only to log back in to see that i lost it... i would probably quit the game. This is why 15 secs vs 5 mins is such a big deal... you could literally lose players because of it.
alex in background... gobbie influence... checks out!
please god be on the top of someones priority list that can actually look... PLZZ! lol
hold mai beer. *unzips* im going in!
i swear to the fucking 12...
wtf is up with [midgar..](http://i.imgur.com/LWZ42m7.png)??? was hoping to see better versions of the TT cards that dont look like shit blobs but oh well.
was gonna level pld to 60 first so i could start all the post 60 stuff but i think imma bee line machinist to 60 instead. 30-50 shouldn't take too long with fates and dungeons right... right???
the shadow of a shadow :P
FOUND EM... go to garland tools and search the name! edit: removed broken link
there is stuff up there now... not sorted but you can find them by searching
hopefully this works... found all the new coil weapons edit: removed broken link
edit: removed broken link try this... it remembers where you left off and keeps stuff open so you will have to probably google garland tolls and start fresh yourself
oh no... i get that part, i do graphic design myself. Im talking about the actually quality of the pictures themselfs. They sucked before... they still suck lol
yep got all my mats for the inferno gun ^_^
hive gear? (i190) edit: seems those are Ravanas
were de guns!!!1
what the emote for "i know wtf i'm doing." :P
Several items have not had the source filled in... but this still gives me hope!
thanks... move along people nothing to see here :)
THERE IS NOTHING ELSE MORE IMPORTANT RIGHT NOW!!!! jk made another thread looking for answers... overlapping ftw :P
pa... pa... pa.... please!!!
I HAVE NO FUCKING CLUE WHY IM EVEN PRETENDING TO WORK!
yeah because in SWTOR they have world bosses (kinda like super S ranks) and there is one for each instance and one can pop in another instance making it so that you can just from one to the other and get multiple drops.
i see what you mean T_T
15 freaking gold feathers... start calling up your friends!!! edit: 5 per friend or sub time of 150, 210 and 270 days (5 each time)
confirmed you will and same with gold feathers if you have had a friend invited and bought game time or plays
pretty sure this is because the part of your brain that controls motor functions is shut off during sleep. So you're having a dream and your brain says ok lets run because the fucking raptors are getting closer, signal goes to motor function portion of brain, see's "sorry we're closed" sign, signal bounces back to dream and sorry this is a no go lol.
i have 4 of em... and after the first 2 i realized that even after doing this... they will walk away even more confused or with more questions making them even MORE interested in what you told them not to do. Pick your battles with this if its a must but you will lose em all lol.
people gonna learn today !
better than coil runs where ur rolling against 7 others... desynth at that level is either very expensive or very time consuming to level. i've only got gsm to 101 just recently.
this is how it starts... soon the whole county will be in sync and the human seismic device will be ready O_O
Also consider that many who have never thought of being a tank are wearing the title and responsibility for the first time... that alone is enough to cause this perception. give em time :P
excal.. cant get back on
i only see the little icon with the minus (-) i have to look back in the log to see what the number is. hope we can get an option to have it show.
this is going to get so many healers cleaved lol
im putting money in the slot but nothings happening?
Our FC came together last night and did all 4 pieces then set sail for her first 18hr adventure :P The Enterprise ^_^
i really hope they don't fix this...
one of the weirdest bugs i've even seen... is it a tessellation thing?
dont' even talk to me about my crafting macros... fucking reeked havoc on them T_T
Finding *any* relationship with God is just as hard as finding a meaningful relationship with anyone on this planet. As you pointed out you are single... so finding a meaningful relationship with just normal people has been a challenge, but i can promise you one thing... He wants a relationship with you. Relationship is the whole purpose! (love thy neighbors, honor your folks) its all about people (even though they can be really horrible at times) and if you want to start looking for God then you need to starting looking for him in all of the people you are shying away from. (not staying at home where it is comfortable and you know nothing bad will happen) He dropped a little bit of himself in each and every one of us... you just have to start looking.
As it has been said before different strokes for different folks. But have you considered the trinity before? (father, son and holy ghost) The thing you are going to "on the inside" is the holy ghost... the little voice in your head that always knows whats up or is saying you know whats right. It's the little piece of God that was dropped inside of us from the start. Y'all are still going to the same source :P
you know why, out of all the laws in the land throughout time, honor thy mother and father is on the top ten list? Because once you come into a true relationship with God you will begin to realize, just like normal parents, he can say no or will do things without your permission that you don't like. And even though you may hate his guts for it, there is a reason. As a father of 4 i cant even begin to tell you how much this simple idea translates to everyday stuff. "BUT DAD... WHY!!!???" "Son, at 6 years old you are way to young to even comprehend why you can't fly off this bridge like spiderman, but just know that it is for your safely." Sometimes you will not understand it, sometimes it's just downright unfair, but there is always a reason.
[prove it...](https://youtu.be/AcqaHxI5-P8?t=87https://youtu.be/AcqaHxI5-P8?t=87) or do you honestly think that out of the entire universe there isn't a single thing that exists that can't be proven?
so beautifully worded, i can only imagine the in-depth and inspiring conversations we could ha... oh wait no you're a fucking moron who contributes zero to everything around him. See what i just did there? proved to you that even though i love God and try to follow in his path everyday i can still slip up and be the most un-religious person you will meet. (what i was trying to say before your comment) Also i hope you get into a car accident today. Cheers!
It's like when i talk to my wife about working on a engine... it's nonsense to here because she does not have an ear for understanding those things. Same as you, you don't have an ear for God so all that stuff earlier sounds like nonsense to you... (most of it was based off what the early post was talking about) And yes, because of what the earlier post said... &gt; Literally everything in life changes with a belief in god, including but not limited to legislation being passed based on your own skewed perception of reality. I was trying to point out that nothing changes just because you believe in something, even if it is contrary to said belief, like my sailor mouth and complete contempt for people being unproductive.
sooooo dig deeper? got it \^_~
...and i completely get that. And anyone who is acting like that should also be paying attention to anyone around them to see if they are barking up the wrong trees so to speak. But on the other side you have God's view on blessings... He normally does not bless someone with something they need/want just because, he does it so that you can spread the wealth and be blessing to others. The more you give the more you get. This is why those who act like that do what they do... because it's part of the rules to give as freely as you received.
i read somewhere that it (among many things apparently) some do this because they are uncomfortable in there surroundings and they are simulating a hug to soothe / calm themselves down.
seriously... that audio was on point!
Science can not measure faith... and thats what it always comes down to. It's just easier to explain it as love because if i'm having to explain this at all it's usually to a person who does not understand faith (when it comes to God) But make no mistake it is real and based off my senses and observations I have concluded that God is real. Thats as far as i can go because the implications afterwards are to mind boggling for anyone to try and explain without fucking up. (where religion tries and fails) So why is my scientific method (based on sense and observation) invalid because im talking about something you don't believe in? Or how about the fact that 95% of the worlds population believe this in one way or another... what about their senses? what about the life changing observations told throughout this thread? The point is the title of this very thread, one day there was nothing, and the next day there was faith. (edit of observing/studying/measuring faith: unless were talking about brain scans while someones prays, or the 7 oz. that leave the body when we die, etc... there have been notable exceptions but nothing conclusive like your looking for.)
This is very good to know. Also one of the only spoiler tags i've click on... was risky but worth it lol.
BURNS SO GUUD!
lol we both call into question whether or not we understand what each other is talking about. (you: faith / me: scientific method) and I said "my" just because I was taking ownership of the observations being mentioned (along with the rest of the process that I didn't think I had to type out.) Anyways, What would my test be? Why you need not look any further than one of the biggest problems atheist (and the like) have with religion. Money. God knew exactly what he was doing when he added this little tid bit because that is the one thing we have, and will always, hold onto the closest. We busted our ass for it right? Well anyways it is this bond God wanted to shatter because he saw what happened before when man got lost and started worshiping other worldly things like gold/money... and its bad. Now completely overlooking what is done with the money (good or abused) because thats not a factor here, we take a look at the giver. Lets think about some factors here... giving with a open heart, giving with contempt, not giving at all, giving your scraps, giving your finest etc... As you can see there are a lot of mind frames when it comes to this but what you put in you get back... gave a 100 bucks but swore about doing it the whole time? God will give it back but make you stand in a DMV like like for hours on em to get it back... and of course your swearing the whole time lol. See how that works? Give more than is needed and you get back more than you need... broke as shit with 10 bucks to your name but you said "no, He can do so much more with this than me." Watch that man get paid back by the but load because he gave everything he had. I never really got serious about God until a few years ago (even tho i grew up hearing these things and granddad was a preacher so on..) I don't think it means squat until you except him yourself... not learn about him and say ok from someone else. That being said, since getting serious about it i also got serious about giving... and there is not a single investment in this ENTIRE WORLD that has paid back, and then some, than giving to the church. I could really spell out some blessings that i knew were gonna come simply because this whole thing I explained is a promise from God. And he has backed em up every single time. I would actually welcome you to try this yourself. but remember your heart needs to be in the right place, don't go saying imma prove this "thedaveness" asshole wrong mwahaha but instead give willingly with an open heart, and don't be a chump make it 10% &gt;.&gt;
The notion that people can't test God is kinda false... in Malachi 3:10 it talks about testing Him with your tithe and to watch as the floodgates burst open with some many blessing... You wanna know why this has anything to do with God? because it is Him... testing US and once i realize this little game of blessings i said game on. So I started to give and give more (even though i thought i couldn't afford it) and immediately start getting back more than i could imagine, and were not just talking about money but promotions and healthy living, 4 kids, (stuff people truly want and not just money that comes and goes) just blessing all around. I know that it has EVERYTHING to do with God Because of the consistent return... and the fact that it is ALWAYS returned (with extra sometimes) It has not once failed. So either my family is the biggest walking coincidence and i should really start gambling (because of our constant lucky returns) or it is God.
dammit i didn't even half to get halfway though that to know that's where you were gonna take this... when it comes down to it man God don't want it easily know he exists (in a provable way, the only doubt we experience is created entirely by us) , that would completely defeat this whole thing hes got going on where we find and except him our self though life. That whole process would equate to nothing if it were easily know that he's just over there chillin in some 4th dimension. but back on topic... you often see those who give but dont get back, normally has to do with some internal conflict with there life that they are trying but cant overcome (pain of past so on..) or even that act of given still irks them deep down. But that's ok because that just means it takes them longer to understand... and its a good thing God remembers because he stores up all the credit until your ready to receive it. and almost every other thing you said is chalked up to free will... mans will is strong, greed is easily attainable through will power alone. But how often do they find that money doesn't mean anything compared to relationships and connections. Best part is this is all happening even if you want to believe it or not... hell this very conversation... im not saying everything's "causally related" ...everything IS related.
&gt;So when your prediction about god rewarding generosity is correct you declare victory but when it fails it's either because god hasn't done his magic yet or "because free will"? when you break it down so simply... can your own intentions prevent you from being successful in life? "You're just accepting them on preference and acting as though you have good reasons." ...could you give me an example of this? Also you talk of this model and apply it's results across a broad board... results may vary, exactly as i said before you get out what you put in... sames true for anything.
^shhhh^hhhh^hhhh
Netflix has a long way to go but i am just soo happy that i'm alive to watch the death of cable... IT WILL BE GLORIOUS!
Many many hours spent there... loved the tune and feel of the zone. I farmed boyahda moss there since the goobs were one of the few things BLM could solo back then.
the only real asset these guys have is the internet they provide... and we've all seen how they handle that business. It's gonna be slow and painful death as they latch on to the helm of their sinking ship that everyone else is jumping off of. They are to stubborn to carve out a new place for them to continue business and to dim witted to create anything of worth. The final nail in the coffin will be some new thing that comes along smashing their capabilities of an ISP, just watch :P
Not stubborn yet most of them still trying to illegally bottle neck the web (even after being told not to), force companies that are gonna put them outta business to pay more for a fast lane, yeah that business model is really setting them up for success. These companies, who already have put a bad taste in peoples mouth, are gonna squeeze every last penny outta this old model and then try and step into the new "streaming" market (specifically the pay for each view and not netflix style 1 month fee watch what you want) only to realize it has already been set up. No one is going to use them because we all remember how shitty everything about them is and watch as no one joins their new services because (by that time) they have already been around for years (see vudu and the like) and there is no reason to switch.
Because i think the common misconception with God is that he is *that* involved with pulling the strings... I Have 4 kids and to guide their ever step is not only extremely exhausting but it is also counter productive. They learn better, faster and also sinks in better if they do things on their own. Pretty much the same goes for Him, not nessicssarly direct involvement (like old testament days, because even when he revealed himself and his miracles right in front of peoples faces they still didn't believe it) But instead in a more guiding (surprise, parental) manner. They focus a lot on parenthood in the Bible and it's parallels to how God handles business in the same way. But in the end you are mostly right, it is varying results based on naturalistic reasons. The rules of the universe, nature and evolution (and all those other crazy ideas religious folk like to shoot down outta fear) don't just disappear just because God exists. Those are the universal systems in place so that there is little reason for God to step in at all. Shit what do you think would happen if He was as involved as some believe? You think i would be happy to wake up to an elephant in my living room just because my son felt like it was a good idea to pray for one the night before? Nope more like just enough intervention to daily restore faith in humanity lol cuz we sure as hell need it.
[all i can see](http://i.imgur.com/hG0fv.gif)
No, such a thing does not exist. Even when God split a freakin ocean in front of peoples faces, freeing them from thousands or years of slavery... they still didn't believe it. Pretty much exactly like where you are, you talked yourself down and subjected your believes to test after test until you came to the conclusion that it was all BS. (which isn't that hard to conclude, by design i think) God himself could walk into the room your in right now and show you indisputable truth of his existence and you (like most) would chalk it up to noting more than a day-dream. Thats just the way it is man, believing in something you know exists takes ZERO effort, like the air your referenced at the start of this. Sure there was some crazy buzz about this invisible stuff we breath in every second of our lives and then dude named Joseph Priestley kinda said i think something *IS* there and BOOM it is there, the crowd goes wild and then now here we are a few hundred years later... no one thinks about air, its taken for granted (unless your about to drown &gt;.&lt;) it's just there and thats that, who cares right? What do you think would happen to the state of humanity itself is God were proven real?
To be fair i would have to say yes, "anything that anyone has faith in is equally real." But to be real i would say no. Faith is weird in that you can really apply it to anything, faith that your shitty baseball team will win, faith that your not about to be stuck being another freakin red light, faith that you will get better, faith that your business will succeed... hell you don't even need to be religious to have faith. So you really just can't say, "someone has faith, it makes that thing real," because your baseball team lost, you got stuck behind EVERY red light, you didn't get better and so on. All in all it is just a simple catalyst like will power, not a tool for proving things are real or not but a means to a end. I think your more so talking about perception = reality.
literally dropped that today for the first time in while. now i see it here lol weird.
seriously... Neptune's year is 165 earth years lol. it might move a half of the watch rotation in your whole life.
aye
Just let me finish my pie.
The first time i heard this song i was already in a chill mood in a chill, low lit room... i closed my eyes and follow his instructions to a tee, imagining the safe yet vulnerable place. Instantly hypnotized me and put my into a trance dream state where the whole song played out with some interesting visuals... As someone who has taken a lot of acid in the past i'm pretty sure his magical words actually kicked up some of the ol' spinal juice because that experience was defiantly on par with a flashback.
[😮](http://mgoblog.com/sites/mgoblog.com/files/images/ebcc7b3e0072_11BC9/plaid-958x3601.jpg)
The item description says "leaves" so i guess its more of a handful of leaves?
yeah that look of "y u do this?" once the arms &amp; legs went in... *shudders*
would you like to play a game much
went through this same training. we did it six times with and without blind folds escaping out various exits, and i didn't have a problem with any until the last one. Escape out the main entrance/exit blind folded. My main problem wasn't spacial awareness, i had the reference point thing down... it was that i was siting the furthest away from the damn exit with 6 people in my way. We hit, fill up, roll, unbuckle and BAM swift kick right to the face. (people in front of me panicked and forgot i was there i guess?) Needless to say i didnt make it out of that one and had to tap out, they let me try again (since they were there and saw it and got a good laugh outta me scrambling lol) and i passed but that first run is that closest I've been to drowning since we had to tap our heads if we needed air so they can pull you out, i was stubborn and didnt tap till i knew i was screwed.
Even blindfolded you kinda can just feel which way is up... since most would have a full breath of air. But sometimes you just dont know and swim the other way, the instructors are there they whole time anyways so they not gonna let you get far.
you get the tank during normal flight operations.
think of it like a fighting style game... there is always that one really easy to use person that has some cheap moves or theres that on off person that has weird moves but one you master them they are unstoppable. There are some dps that just seem the best but are in reality just easy to play/figure out the rotations. It's a new job and if anything in the past has told you they will be receiving buffs/nerfs to level out the field. But in the end all classes (with respect to the trinity) are good for end game raiding, it just depends on how well you play it.
something tell me that number is about to change to 2016
first picture almost looks like we've stumbled upon a scene we will regret.
except you can't for the life of you get a single upvote?
