When I first got it, it worked off the toolbar, not with E. After saving and reloading, it worked with E.
I disagree. I made it and immediately put it on my hotbar to use it, same as the pick and the hammer. Worked fine like this until after I saved and reloaded.
Note though: you only get a glowstick if the glowstick is farther up in your inventory than the flare gun~
at the end of the punch line.
I'm just now becoming aware of the concept of a "summoner"... it seems like bee armor allows 3 pets at a time. Is bee armor viable for hardmode or should I stick with a platinum set?
Interesting, and yes you're right. It only replaces the most recently summoned monster. I can do any combination as long as I unsummon
Yeah I've had a couple insanely amazing drops on this character. Shame it's only a game and not the lottery
Yes on the bewitcher table and well fed, never seen a summoner potion I'll have to brew some. Do I need to keep drinking the potions to keep the buff, or just once before I summon? Also, what's an EoW scarf?
I used the yo-yo a lot in regular mode, but it seems like it doesn't work when I have 5 summons going.. they hit the enemy so rapidly my yoyo never connects/bounces and the counterweight never comes out.
hmmm, i didn't think to check, but that's probably why, I had just gotten back from fishing so it was probably past midnight already. That's good information, thanks! :)
That being the case, wouldn't the corruption invalidate the room regardless of whether or not there was a door?
This is fascinating.... Way more complex than I was originally thinking, but it gives me a lot of ideas. As far as the movement physics goes though, there's no situation where a block will bump a player moving at a set speed a different way randomly?
Hmmm, actually since building out the trap system, it's common for there to be a total of 10+ enemies caught in tiger pits, and since I'm not actively hunting them down they are dying very slowly. I hadn't considered the total population might have an impact, but that's definitely a side effect of me not actively going through laps around my perimeter killing things. Thanks for the detailed response!
Actually the video made me realize, NPC wandering is non-deterministic, right? A friendly NPC locked in a room with a pressure plate should hit it an unpredictable number of times (though probably not useful for virtual computers) Additionally, there seems to be some randomness to spawning piranhas from a statue on dry land. If a crab was spawned and there was a switch on his right and on his left, I'd imagine his direction of choice would be 50/50. Additionally, I've noticed when mine carts have underside collisions, I sometimes get unpredictable results, and occasionally even at max speed, a certain jumping route that's carefully calculated can misfire. I spent a lot of time trying to get a mine cart to fly through a door and the results were inconsistent. I'm going to try to play around with sequences of boost tracks and see if I can make something unpredictable happen, will report back.
Regarding the saucer, I've had it spawn as early as 11%, and when I'm standing outside they literally spawn back to back with less than a 2-3 second delay between them, and as soon as I go down into my base they stop spawning. In fact, if I sit in my base and don't attack, I can sit there for 5-6 minutes and not see a single saucer, and the instant I emerge, a saucer spawns.
I was actually wondering if it was an inside joke, maybe the actress had dated Rob off-set or something. She apparently had a date with Perd as well, so she's sort of the classic "I know a guy" trope who the writers can retroactively claim has had a date with just about anyone if it drives the plot.
actually i have it on vhs, but I'm watching the YIFY rip. I'll need to compare the two. I didn't know that about TV stations though, that's interesting. Edit: I cross referenced, the YIFY rip goes back to regular speed about 20 minutes in, but the first 20 is definitely sped up visually. Same on my VHS.
Oh I agree he's definitely not a parasite, a shoulder wound immediately reveals parasites plus with pinkish blood, so the direct red blood chest shot proves he's real. That said, he's obviously something unusual as well, as is Rick, since only he and Rick seem to be directly capable of accurate 4th wall breaks. My theory is that Rick is, in a way, some sort of producer, and Mr Poopypants is in some way the audience.
Him being from a different dimensions seems needlessly complicated...
apparently you and I differ greatly on our understanding of the definition of the word "major"
at the big chicken store.
Nope, /u/Charlie_Zulu, you're totally wrong; I'm not trying to get a space station to fly to a different planet, I'm trying to get it to orbit Kerbal. I'm aware that KSP is difficult, the "difficulty" i'm having is that a 3 part space station wiggles around like an angry worm on a hot sidewalk while floating in orbit doing NOTHING.
Hmmm, I keep getting lured into the "more fuel, bigger ship" concept. I suppose keeping my fuel-to-ship ratio maximized could be done with smaller tanks.
Humm, have you heard about "KAS" and "KIS"? Lots of people are saying things that make it sound like there IS a way to do this...
precioussssss...
Hmm, I hadn't thought about taking the simulation overhead into account, i've been focused on in-game concept design. Taking the number of parts into account changes things though, cheers/thanks!
Interesting, and no... I'll look into this
i mean ive managed to get into orbit, i know not to try to launch east (although the upside down world is confusing), and I've managed to land on Mun and get home... I'm not sure if "intuitive" describes it well (I had to look a lot of stuff up), but the problems I'm having are theoretically sound space stations wobbling themselves like a PVC pipe at a blue man group concert.
I usually get out of mun's gravity with RCS rockets, the tricky part is knowing which direction to fly! =P
In the real physics world, does more parts end up causing things to behave unpredictably?
&gt; mild speech impediment I think the word for that is "lisp"
I know what scene's you're describing, and I can see where you're coming from, and what you're saying does fit if you read between implied lines, and the 10 year disappearance is another point of confusion, as is the eagerness for the coupon for the free Morty.... here's my issue though, Rick c-137 is the "Rickest Rick" and would certainly know if his Morty was not his original "Mortiest Morty". Bottom line, Rick is not a tremendously emotional person, and his "poor Rickless bastards" comment, and indifference when picking the wrong Jerry up from Jerryboree indicates that he's not sentimentally attached to Smith families from other dimensions. The fact that he was willing to sacrifice himself (more than once, in the Shrodinger time fracture episode and the season 2 finale) for Morty, indicates that he has some special attachment to his own Morty.
Are you actually enjoying this?
Hmmm, I wonder how people would react to moving to a different Rick... would mean the entire first 2 seasons would be irrelevant. I'd lose all my attached feelings toward the character and probably be pissed.
Only if it can star Redgren Grumbolt.
How is Jerry going to accomplish anything though? In the season finale he was all "Anything you care to tell us about this previously unmentioned 'government'", when it's come up, in his presence, at least a dozen times.
Ernest Saves Rick?
possible to make a printable version on white background?
What was George Washington's middle name?
I had 3 coolers and built four of those water things &amp; still was in the 40s.
Hmm, actually that's another thing I'm struggling with, I have a TON of animals, and they all have free range of the place &amp; make everything filthy. I'd been kicking around the idea of restraining them to a barn, but I've taught all my pigs how to haul stuff &amp; they're actually quite helpful.
Only when there's combat going on, or when I'm specifically trying to get a particular project done, and a lot of times I supervise a hunting party. Edit: I just realized "season" means a 15 day season, not a 60 day year. I had originally meant to say year.
Doing that now, Tundra in late fall is already no joke, so settling in the middle of nowhere near a lot of enemies. ...On that note, does the nearby factions (mapwise) impact who visits you? In my old base I was able to call for help to pretty much any faction, even if they are nowhere near me. I'm a 5 day journey from anyone, hoping I can get some trade.
The ship is actually in a forest area, but there's about 15 squares of tundra to get from one forest to another forest, and all my animals and colonists die 3 squares in. I'm currently making a base at the tundra edge to wait for summer. This is my second colony, and my first one died horribly in the first winter, which I'm ashamed of, so I don't want to lose these guys.
Mine too. Here's a thought; if you study the map travel, there's no movement from about 22h to about 6h. I suppose (as tedious as it may be), breaking camp at about 18h, building a tiny box around a heat vent &amp; striking camp at 8h every day might be necessary. That gives you 12 good hours of travel a day &amp; lets you avoid breaking your feet off trudging through the ice.
Fire bad, rain pretty.
Related observation: When I call to request a trader, factions nearby OR very far take the exact same time to arrive. Being directly next to a faction helps if you plan to raid/trade a lot with them though.
Hi I'm new here and what are Launch Pods?
The "cloth parka" hint was the best tip I had... I hadn't yet realized that different materials perform differently. I had a pile of camel fur from my Dromedaries that I wasn't even using.
;-;
I've had multiple times that a heat wave has destroyed everything in my fridge with two coolers.
Nope, I'm on a Mac though, I wonder if that's related.
I see it; "Toggle colonist bar". It's checked; no bar.
Already abandoned the settlement with the dog, but I have a Megasloth I captured and tamed during toxic fallout that has Dementia, they get like 8.5+ DPS...
Yep, mine's checked
Yes, it's checked.
It's amusing because Dadaist art is essentially anti-art, meant to offend and be hideous on purpose in order to protest against the wealthy and powerful and their notions of art.
ALMOST conflicting with its erotic style. I love it!
HOLY CRAP YOU CAN WALK OVER WEAPON RACKS???
Hahaha, yeah that's exactly it. Thanks! :)
That was a great scene :)
rageking5 found it: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UaR_5tRi8ro#t=3m25s
Full of frozen raw meat and room temperature kibble. They were set to follow a colonist who was working &amp; apparently he carried a meal with him &amp; ate in the field rather than back at home. From there, the dogs got too hungry &amp; just started standing around. Stupid dogs.
I assigned them to a colonist, went into "Draft" mode, walked them to the fridge, then unassigned them.
South Park does a similar gag when they take a field trip to Costa Rica, the tour guide over-pronounces the Spanish words like "Coh-STAHH-ree-KAHH". The memorable scene from that was where Carman rolls down the bus window and yells "Hey everyone look at the prostitues!" and one of them replies "hey mang, why you no take a peekshur?" and Cartman pretends to hold up an invisible camera and says "Okay~ Cleeeek!"
I dunno how I feel about the pirate indie games vs pirate blockbuster games... theft is theft, whether you're robbing a mom &amp; pop shop or a Walmart. Walmart is a big faceless corporation, but stealing from them affects millions of shareholders and employees, many of whom are struggling in life. Why feel sorry for an indie game studio who has succeeded in making an awesome game, but not feel sorry for a broke sap who wants to play games and have fun but can't afford them?
I always try to tame them.
I made a colonist slaughter her bonded labrador, skin it, and then tailor it into a tuque hat and wear it. Winter was coming.
Eh... On the one hand taking something someone worked hard on is wrong... on the other and least it's not the same as murdering a man, riding his horse, and taking his daughters as wives.
RIGHT? Jeez, it's like having a bunch of teenagers.
How is it not?
I think he meant create a new game &amp; then send your 3 colonists to the first base; probably answer is no. I recently have discovered a really solid work flow planting cotton and selling it to buy slaves (the irony of which is not lost on me).
You're basing this on emotions; i'm basing it on technicals.
You just broke my entire life.
Once they become colonists, you can't throw them into the geyser room any longer without pissing off EVERYONE
So, your little sister...
That's it actually haha, nice work! Now that I think of it, I believe Smash Bros had something similar.
From a developer's standpoint, as best I can tell the "fleeing pirates" sequence of events is a 2-part sequence, consisting of adding a colonist, a short delay, then a raid. I would bet very heavily that the raid is just a standard raid that's put in the queue by the event, rather than a special subset of raid.
Yeah you're right though, I can picture the blocky silver text on the screen.
One of my colonists just shot someone with an assault rifle, the first bullet downed him &amp; the other 5 were just a bonus. Cost him a finger and a toe, but he lived through it.
I usually let them die, but the attacking pirates often have some with good stats &amp; I can pick and choose after :)
HAHAHAHA that's fantastic.
OK THEN. In the original Sim City there were random disaster events, and your focus was on preparing to handle them by expanding your foundation incrementally in a way that was balancing the aggregate of needs using a variety of buildings; I need money so I build industry, now I need people to work at the place so I build residential, but the residents need to buy things so I build commercial, but now I have higher power demand so I build a power plant, but now I have higher pollution so I build parks, but now I have higher tax costs so I need to repeat, all the while expanding outward building roads etc, trying to find a balance of needs while increasing my revenue and therefore my foundation, while preparing for a fire to destroy everything. In Terraria, you run around mining/harvesting resources and using them to build block-driven buildings of your own arbitrary shape and design in order to fulfill needs of industry (smelting, weapon making, etc), while expanding the base of items you're able to build, improving your stats, moving up into better and better gear that you make yourself, all of which improves your ability to dig and build and eventually NPCs move in, each which has it's own specialty. The block-by-block building mechanism, the resource harvesting, NPC management, raids, random disasters, outward expansion, research and technology increases etc are all present in both Sim City and Terraria. Now you tell me how I'm wrong.
If it had been Naomi Watts or Laura Vandervoort, I too would have been sad for two seasons.
"Abrasive", so skilled in pissing off ALL my colonists who are actually working.
MORTY GET AHO-OOHHHHHhhh-LD OF YOURSELF!
I played with the moisture drainer, but it doesn't handle deep water
WHAT IS THIS MAGIC OF WHICH YOU SPEAK?
Yep, Actor is gender neutral.
Hmmm, very good point. I believe German and French both have neutral versions of their nouns, but I don't believe that's the case in Spanish. To be fair though, it initially made things confusing in English when we started forcing everything into gender-neutrality, and I'd argue that any game with sci-fi vocabulary is also "difficult to read" until you're used to it.
My vote goes with the Professor/a, I've used his/her or him/her in games in the past when gender isn't explicitly stated, or when the text isn't modifiable.
That line of reasoning never ends though; Why have "Male" and "Female" as a binary, and "Gay" as a true/false? We need 55 genders and 75 orientations in order to be fully accepting.
Oh I totally agree. I also know people over 80 who feel the same way about the N word. Keep fighting the good fight.
OK then, lets use a word that wasn't offensive "from the time of its creation": The word "Negro" was considered scientifically and politically accurate for years; placed on medical forms, census papers, political surveys, and was officially recognized by the US government as "proper". In around 1970 we were told to stop saying it, and people born before 1960 thought it was silly and that it was a perfectly valid word. Here's a literal conversation I heard about 5 months ago between an elderly couple at a Dennys (I'll never forget it): Cashier: "Sorry our computer is down, which server did you have?" Man: "The Negro" Wife: "HAROLD! They don't like to be called negros" Man: "What? Why not, thats what they are" Wife: (whispers) "We aren't supposed to use that word, they're African Americans now" Man: "Afric~ I'm not saying that, that's stupid. They're Negros, and if they find that offensive, that's their problem" I understand that you feel "inconvenienced" to update your vocabulary, but so did this man, and you can fight social change all you want, frankly I don't care, and neither will people your age, but the younger generation will roll their eyes, be embarassed, and largely view you as backward and out of touch.
Didn't spend a lot of time in Blockbuster's VHS horror section?
In the end I was just trying to grab stuff &amp; get off the map... colonists are stupid about forming caravans.
these don't look safe to eat...
This is my second "Giggles", and my first one was also a complete psycho.
Yeah... I always panic when a tribe of visitors wanders through. I've been taken down by hails of arrows triggered by a bad hunter shot far too often.
Racist, but I like it.
I was being #ironic, but #thanks for the #guidance all the same
Break through your limitations!
I stopped having fun with Rimworld at one point, even though I don't save scum often, but the permadeath mode makes me take things much more seriously, which makes it more fun. Also, how do you know God doesn't save scum? You think you'd remember from reload to reload? Related: have you played Undertale? Early in the game when you don't know what you're doing, you're highly likely to kill a particular character &amp; afterward you find out what a jerk you are and that it was optional. If you reload, the first character you encounter says "I know what you did ;)". The game plays you.
You might like the game Craft the World; You control a pack of named dwarfs and build platformer style by issueing orders very similarly to how you do in Rimworld. It's cartoony and cute, but you still invest time into building individual dwarfs skills, and you're sad when they die, and you can take direct control of one and play as if it's you. I also feel very emotionally attached to them; nowhere near how I do in Rimworld though, the flaws of the characters in Rimworld and their limitations is what makes them relatable. I want so badly to see myself in the game but I'm afraid of what my stats would be.
Restart fixed it; first restart in like 3 days.
OK then, "Offering to pay the ransom in person because we lack the technology to teleport goods"?
hahaha oh wow.
Meta.
I like this.
Oh, I turned that on before &amp; didn't care for it. I like to actually see what I have, not just generally what I have.
OF COURSE everything was done right "the first time", because the people writing the book don't perceive the reloads. Havent you ever seen that Tom Cruise Starship Troopers film?
I've had fantastic results with training pigs to haul... never had luck with getting anything to fight, but having a bonus 4 pawns dedicated to hauling and as a backup food source is pretty nice. Skill doesn't impact time to train though, just success rate, and the pawn had 15 in animal handling. It happened as soon as the cobras hatched. Might be something with having 8 cobras on the screen.
True... it would need to be on a room by room basis; if there's 2 poops on opposite sides of the colony, it takes the cleaner half a day to make rounds; i'd prefer they ignore them both until there's 2 poops within a reasonable walking distance.
Holy crap I haven't had one of these yet....
This is the game: you're always one step behind having it together, and once you DO get it together, the storyteller blindsides you. If heat is an issue and the electric is down you can use passive coolers (it's a tier 1 research, takes about a day, but you'd need to start on it before the problem), forbid the freezer so pawns don't go in and out and let the heat in (open doors bleed). Cowboy hats are a fast-to-make and very effective heat blocker. Be prepared to lose ALL your meat at any time, but animal corpses last longer than butchered meat, and harvested vegetables last forever in the heat. If you know you can't handle an event, pack up a caravan &amp; load everything up... you're better off heading out to sell the meat than having it all spoil (meat weighs like nothing). Always use the buddy system or send your caravan with a pet (they can and will be ambushed and you can not run). You can always pick (harvest) berries if it gets bad. Also, it's kind of cheating, but I always put my colony directly bordering an ally, the round trip is about 1.6 hours, so I can trade for a one-off resource. Ultimately, 90% of the game is knowing (ahead of time) what COULD possibly go wrong, and planning for things that haven't yet happened. I always keep a couple Penoxyline handy even if no one is sick, and build 2 coolers for my freezer even though one will do the job. I build heaters when I don't need them (just in case of a cold snap). Still, every game I get blindsided by something. Starting this game, I don't try to tame animals in a herd of more than 3 animals (Accidentally pulled 15 elephants while trying to tame one in the last game &amp; they killed EVERYONE).
I was under the impression that the forest biome was the "easiest", but I've really started to appreciate Arid Shrubland; it's a little more harsh and resources more scarce, BUT there's no lakes to walk around, and the climate consistently "bad", but keyword is it's consistent; year long growing season, no cold weather, and once you're geared for heat stroke there aren't a lot of temperature based surprises.
You can build on any set of traits if you're creative; again I've had entire colonies thrive on mining and art and trading for what I need. Being within a half-day trip of a neighbor is a must.
Well played.
Space between... fascinating. I like the idea of breaking their cover, I thought a long hallway would be enough but they have good aim. I had pretty awesome results on the last raid.
Or like that guy from Game of Thrones. If you want least painful, euthanize 2 colonists on day 1 and feed the third to the dogs. Life is pain.
I mentioned elsewhere; I work a 95 hour week &amp; get 12 weeks off per year, so on those weeks I'm either drunk or playing video games or both... Our first born is due in March, so this is probably my last game for a long time... ;-;
I KNOW! Sorry to spoil it, it was pretty epic. My relationship is only like 35 with them, just sstarting out, so it was a fluke.
Did you just drop a Mermaid of Flesh and Blood reference?
I just had a steel wall catch fire too. Whats that about? Do I need to build granite walls next time?
I have yet to encounter a Thrumbo polite enough to donate its fur~
In that way it comes down to style, the game is really well balanced :)
iknowright
WAKE UP SHEEPAWNS! (don't profile the haulers!)
can't they just come around and bust in the back though?
DO A BARREL ROLL!
[My Man](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1JjpHmt7J8g)
[Puppies are idiots](http://imgur.com/a/E19YX).
Ah, I only saw the first 2 seasons, this is pretty awesome.
Sounds like white death.
You don't, they just get into stuff, much like real puppies.
That's clever! :)
Ahhh right I forgot about the darkness penalty. For the lovers it'll balance, but probably not great as a general rule. I'm on Arid Shrubland :)
[Mindy did the same thing](http://imgur.com/a/FZjfr)
Suddenly: CATS!
and what kind of meat?
[Cool cool cool](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7w-anroW-LY)
I reached it on my second colony with minimal save scumming (hit some unexpected hiccups crossing the tundra). It was kind of anticlimactic &amp; it makes the colony unplayable moving forward (very much a game over).
Yes. I also can read.
I mean other than power armor in the late game.
Hahahaha, this is the best response I ever saw.
I... what?
I've tried this before but training cobras is bugged in my game; when the pawn offers meat it locks him up for like a full game hour &amp; the snake ends up wandering off the screen. Only happens with cobras.
Yeah but watching someone with two peg legs try to walk around while stoned would be worth it.
There's a dirty joke about blowing in there somewhere...
Most of my colonists seem happy with about 6-7, but my night owl wakes up too soon &amp; has a break pretty frequently.
Careful tho, [traders can be aggressive](https://www.reddit.com/r/RimWorld/comments/5p1l2m/heystop_that/)
I'm sure you figured this out already, but it doesn't apply to every item (such as food and leather)
THANKS! :)
My very first colony I had one single cryo pod and no centipedes/etc, I was like "Yay, new friends!", and she still single handedly incapacitated every single one of my colonists. Now I don't mess with them until I'm ready to part with a colony. It's like... reverse gambling... Nothing good ever happens, you just roll the dice to see how much you lose.
Interesting, what do you arm them with?
Almost EVERYTHING can be a strength if you play it right; trigger happy is fantastic with a minigun, it's already only like 10% accuracy; more bullets = better.
A bit off topic, but regarding Bionic Bits, I notice your pawn is well set with 4 bionic bits. I have made allies out of 4 of the 5 factions and I call for combat &amp; pirate traders on regular rotation (pretty much call every day), and I make round trips to my 2 neighbors frequently. In 1 year of gameplay I've only found 1 bionic arm, 1 bionic leg, 2 bionic eyes, and 2 prosthetic legs. Also, regarding the surgeries; My doctor is at 16 medical &amp; just tore someone to death installing a bionic arm, any advice for making that process more successful? Playing on permadeath mode, so, kind of important...
Regarding capturing raiders with bionic parts; would you amputate the parts? Don't your colonists throw a fit? I took a kidney out of a guy who shot one of my colonists in the kidney and everyone was upset.
Also, ants.
I'm philosophically against mods in all games. To me, it feels like opening up Notepad and typing "LEVEL 80".
-5 points, Killing Hostage
WHAAAAAAAAATTTTTTTTTTT
I'm not.
I've been watching the algorithm, I think the heat loss when the door opens is definitely part of it. Also the coolers don't work steadily but seem to produce cold air in bursts. Even if I forbid the door, the temperature spikes up and down.
That hallway is outside, not really visible from this angle.
Thank you :)
The pack animals are frustrating, because the colonists need to run around loading them up. If you're preparing a really long trip and not bringing all your colonists, start out with ALL the colonists selected for the trip, let them load the muffalo, then right before they leave, cancel &amp; remake the caravan with just 1 or 2 colonists. The muffalo will stay loaded &amp; you don't have to reselect the items (carried inventory is considered part of the caravan by default)
That vent doesn't connect to the freezer; the freezer is the 1x2 square next to the highlighted cooler. The corn &amp; kibble is not in the freezer. Sorry, I should have just said that but I was annoyed at everyone not understanding what I was trying to draw attention to, that's my fault.
Traders don't stop by much until you build a comms console and start bribing them. I always build directly bordering an allied town so I can make a quick round trip to dump bulk goods.
My 6x6 freezer works just fine with 2 coolers, single walls, and 1 door, I would think that a 1x2 with 1 cooler should be ok
I'd call that a bug.
That's awesome. I love the depth of this game. I have a colonist who's "brother" has appeared twice now with a trading caravan from a particular place, and I've captured and converted a former leader of a tribal faction before. I've also captured, installed a peg-leg in, healed, and released a tribal raider before, only to see them visiting later on when I'd made peace with that tribe. The depth of what all is going on is amazing.
I played around with the idea, but I'd need a "evacuate now" button and some sort of warning system that a massive hoard is approaching or it would just feel like everything is completely off the rails.
no, it's [unwalled](http://imgur.com/a/5ymfP).
Enemy Faction Bases, where I'm sure to find the leader. Faction schisms, factions dying out, new factions forming.
The dirt cleaning is a bit wonky, they tend to zigzag when they clean. I keep the home area tight around the building &amp; handle fires manually, but yeah, having a "protect" zone and a "maintain" zone would be nice. I'd also like a way to flag a zone as "keep predators out"... I had a cougar get into the middle of my base while I was rebuilding walls &amp; eat one of my pets, &amp; didn't even know it was in there until the pet was dead... walked past a dozen colonists and nobody was like "oh shit big cat".
A one man colony may be getting bullied by a large enemy swarm, but the one-man colony should be able to abandon the colony &amp; get away &amp; set up his hut elsewhere.
THATS THE BEST IDEA EVER!
I think you're thinking of malaria.
I imagined this being said in the lipton brisk ice tea voice, but he was wearing a human leather hat and drinking a glass of blended pirate legs.
I think the game preloads a couple set events, including an animal going mad, a wanderer joining, someone fleeing pirates, 3 evenly spaced raids, a visitor, and a trading caravan. after that it's totally random, i'd venture a guess that something like half of your relationship rating is the odds of a trader showing up any given day... at 50 rating with 4 allies, I get a random trader almost daily, but I still pay to get specific types to show up (I need bionic limbs badly, all my colonists stupid meat tubes keep falling off)
That being the case, we should have an "always on" option. I doubled the size of the freezer &amp; now it stays cold. It seems counter intuitive that a cooler can keep a large room cold and not a small room.
hmm, I've never seen an animal ask to join a colony. why'd you sell a bonded animal? was it a yorkshire terrier? those are terrible.
"Permadeath is a dumb feature, why would I play a game just to start over? Super Mario is a dumb game, I should be able to die 100 times on level 8-4 and keep playing until I win, and if I can't win, the game should eventually let me skip the level and TELL me that I've won. The best game ever is Notepad, because I can just type I Win."
actual good things? like making an EASIER difficulty?
I did too; it was a total fluke, an enemy with a normal personal shield just happened to die right there, later I'm scanning around looking for prey and it's like CACTUS WEARING SUNGLASSES! I about fell out of my chair.
It probably wouldn't be too hard to run a quick time-elapse when the pawn re-enters, just tick off some days, etc
Those are his cousins. They are trouble makers. Norm is a good boy.
That's nonsense, you can call a slaver and have them deliver slaves.
I mean yeah, you can burrow your colonists in like a tic and be pretty much invincible, but what if the pirates started killing off your allies and you needed to go defend them? Like when you call for immediate support and they appear on the side of the map, now you don't have the upper hand of a tight base, and if you ignore it eventually all your trading partners can get wiped out and their bases taken over. Thinking like Fallout 4.
It was a total accident, I saw a "norm 17%" shield on my item list and was like "where the heck is that?" &amp; it had been stripped off an enemy that had been buried &amp; all his other clothing hauled off, just the shield was left.
Yeah they get pissy if they have to eat without a table.
Radar scanner to send you a warning in case you forget to watch the map?
oh! I haven't seen that one yet.
I like that you have to put 'meat' in quotes. I know your secret.
Problem is, I tried to install them both on myself at the same time. Once I got both my real arms off, I suddenly realized my folly. Hey wait a tic, why can't bionic arms be set on autopilot to perform surgery on yourself?
On that note do you happen to know if colonists with bionic arms and strong abilities pull bigger enemy raids? I kind of like the idea of a small core group of elite colonists, rather than a big mob of idiots.
Mood +5: Cannibal Ate Human Meat
Yeah but sometimes I ask a colonist to get 500 silver, and there's 500 silver right next to him, but he decides to do a lap around the complex &amp; then grab 500 different silver from 3 different piles. Right click- pick up- draft- run to edge of map- DEPART
Still seems odd that a freezer can cool a big room better than a small room.
