Youll be fine as long as you hit the up button.
The vile apostrophe pollutes all
Good luck finding one in the US.
My bad I guess, I have just never seen one for sale, but i may not be looking in the correct area
Dresden would have hired Kincaid to shoot him in the head the day before the fight. Dresden doesn't need to dick around with expelearmus
I was a member briefly, I let the membership lapse after some of the political bullshit mailers I started getting from them, conservative crap that had nothing to do with the 2nd amendment
And the bank can pay you restitution for their fuckup, or the yard guys can pay. Its not like they mowed the lawn, they did permanent damage to features of the landscape.
YOU CANNOT DISAGREE WITH MY "BOWEL MOVEMENT" IT IS THE ONE TRUE MOVEMENT!!
DONT LISTEN TO THOSE YELLOW RUNNING DOG LACKEYS OF THE PROLETOILET
I think blowing g up the moon is the first sentence, so not much
An overreaction to the poster family of hypocrisy who this all molesters should be killed, who's son had a job as head of a nationals organization spreading propaganda that gays are child molesters, while his dad covered it up and let it go on for 3+ more years and 4 more kids that we know about? And then none of them got any proper counseling because jeebus? When the jackals es make it all about God forgiving them, and not a fucking thought to the actual victims? No, it's not overblown.
She ain't borderline
Might want to confirm this, embassy just has to get you back to us soil, might mean just California, and not new York, but they will generally do what they can.
Good enough.
Give him a peanut butter sandwich. Everything likes peanut butter, and and since this is Australian, if he likes you, he will kill you last.
24 hour CVS may have something that will work.
Bird?? I thought it was the harpoon point
My grandfather was pretty much gone at the end, but when I showed him my new Swiss army knife he immediately started trying to take apart the chair he was strapped into. Muscle memory is amazing.
Have one with hole in heart and missing valve. Just found out, he's On meds, he's about 8 and the said he has about a year or two. Expensive vet visits, and your pet insurance won't cover it probably.
Separate blankets
Sounds like a good idea
I do this. Doesn't phase me
I think i have a copy of nasas own space habatat study book from the 70s/80. Pm me tuesadysih when I am home again, I might be able to send you info.
Firehouses. They are pretty good about helping out runners. Source: Dad was a runner, your mileage may vary.
Given time, yes.
I'll be in my wine cellar.
Yeah, I saw that a few years ago. The documentary was more recent, they spent a lot of time figuring out the number of teeth on the gears and things like that, but it seemed like thy had rebuilt and accounted for all the bits they had.
Hes not even that fluffy for a samoyed.
More crippling than than circumcising boys, or getting infants ears pierced, but same basic idea.
You got off easy. Source: Have dad.
At high doses water is lethal.
fuck em, couter with 1$ less
Yesss, boss.
Any movie that has Bruce Campbell in it is by definition a good movie.
Wtf happened now?
Yep, but some people just declare their purse dog an emotional support animal to take him shopping, whereas some people have dogs trained to stop ptsd panic attacks. Hence the debate
Mom is obviously trying to do something shady, or she would get the license herself.
Then your mom should take the damn licensing class and get the license and access herself, and then get you to translate if that all she really wants. Your mom is doing something g shady, , and settings g you up to take all the risks. I guarantee your if you do this 2 years from now you'll be doing an ama about what it's like to be a felon in Canada
Your mom is pressuring you to commit fraud by exporting you. Are there other family members you could go to? Conversely, I ft his is all legal, have her write up her proposal, sign it, and you can take it to the states attorney general or real estate licensing people and give her proposal to them to ask about the legality. If it's all as above board as she's saying, then there should be no problem, right? THIS IS HOW PEOPLE GO TO JAIL.
You are coming out on the short end of the deal, and your mom is screws g you. Talk to the rest of the family.
You sound Caucasian. Of course no one has a whites only waterfountain up, but how many people are looked over for jobs and promotions because of their skin tone. How many people sit around with beers and blame all the crime on backs and Mexicans, and vote about welfare Queens, and Obama being a Muslim with a fake birth certificate? How many people are proud your state has the KKK flag worked did to the official state flag that flies over the Capitol every day?
When you have the KKK flag still being flown at full height while the state and national flags flown at half mast for 9 people murdered to start a race war, people tend to notice and have a problem with it.
Yeah. I'm willing to bet if they had just lowered it it would have blown over.
It is if you an irishman in 1845. /too soon?
Carpool in clarendon
It was OA one of the other companies doing rockets, also known as atk I think, they merged with someone else awhile ago. I am not sure what their contracts are. They stopped trading for a day or so after the explosion, jus the sec/market stops kicking in due to it falling so far, they were never removed from the market or anything.
They can participate the same damned way coca cola, Exxon, the boy scouts, or my book club can.
Sounds like someone need to be deported.
Could be a ghost image, but lightening connects first with tendrils coming up from the ground, these are often visible from what I have seen. That house/lawn just missed a direct hit.
FUCKING RUN
Joined day 2-3 i think
I think it grew out of that "I can count to potato" meme, as applied to video.
Ah, that's a better explanation, I thought it was foam padding
We have those forms. It's called "marriage". Fuck these people, they can make up their own Jesus name for their screwy stuff.
Sorry. I disagree. People have been forming partnerships and families long before the Jesus freaks got involved. And no, were not going to change then name to suit these bigots.
Perfect
Peanut butter and cheese
She doesn't like sad stores, you do. I don't like them either. Get over it.
It's an option under where you choose to ship it to. They have them at bunches of 7-11s, its great. Just pick whichever one you want and you get a text with the code to open the locker.
Depends. The really good hummus, the place will actually remove the skins from the chick peas, that adds to the time.
It would. But you would need 100 miles worth of atmosphere to provide sea level pressure.
That's not a hooker, its a damned mynock. You've been alone in space way too long.
Bullshit. It's Spain, not the moon. Your kid is sick, you go to a goddamned hospital, you don't rub fruit on him. Edit, my bad, thought he meant the parents
Send clowns with 500k to buy more beer. Pocket rest of cash. Sit on mountain of beer with clowns and drink beer. Don't need to do anything else, those Olympics are already going to be a complete shitshow.
Anyone who's spouting Ayn Rand bullshit. GROWNUPS ARE TALKING, NOW HUSH AND GO READ A REAL BOOK.
I think bill Murray also had a story about Thompson and a hangover cure. They had been partying hard for days, and Murray suddenly realized he had an audition in a few hours and was way too fucked up to manage it. Thompson mixed a bunch of stuff in a blender, had Murray chug it, and told him to lie down for 2 hour. Murray said he woke up 2 hours later feeling perfectly sober and better than he ever had in his life, aced the audition, and never did find out what was in the blender. I probably have details wrong.
I never thought of them as fantasy, but that's fair. They get more interesting in wizard and demon. The first one is a more or less wilderness adventure first contact story. The second two get more interesting and more bizarre, as things evolve and fall apart. I loved them, but its more about characters than about sci Fi.
Yeah, thats really bad. Are you under 25? Get that looked at in the next month or be dead in the next year.
Or if someone drops a zero on an order, or if the automated systems shit themselves again like they did a few years ago.
They also make pink hello kitty real assault rifles, and guns in multiple day glo colors.
Steve irwin was also a lifelong expert on those reptiles, and know exactly what he could get away with.
No, its when he runs out of money to bet again
My bad. Lemme change that to something that looks just like an assault rifle in hello kitty and day glow colors.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hLpgxry542M Hell with lasers....
Nah, I am just someone who understands the difference between a full auto hello kitty rifle and a semi auto one, or a realistic toy doesn't make much of a difference in a shoot/don't shoot situation when some dipshit carries one into a starbucks.
Meh, I need some moron to heckle on facebook
It's easy. They are being lied to for someone else's gain.
That and the all day static front page.
That too.
Nah, go for /r/JusticeServed , justiceporn got taken over by a psychomod.
You are technically correct, the best kind of correct
There's no point in talking to him. I would either avoid or ignore him or openly mock him by interrupting him by telling he is 100% correct and asking that he bestow more wisdom on you. Or something, find your own style. Maybe question him about the proper way to slaughter innocents, or demand guidance on some of the other hypocritical points in the bible or something.
The weren't secret videos, they were fraudulently altered and edited videotapes.
They are not vandals. They are freeing the Phoenix goat. LONG LIVE PHOENIX GOAT!!
I'm guessing there's an armed robbery at 8th and T. :)
Yeah, but would you want to live in Saudi?
When you meet one asshole a day, you met an asshole. When everyone you meet is an asshole, you're the asshole.
This assumes the guy can read
Step 1: pour oil on jennifer lawrence. Step 2: like I would ever get to step 1. Step 3: big energy sector profits. Edit try vanguard vine energy sector fund, it's way the hell down
Seveneves? Set in almost present day but extensive space habitat living
Thanks
Lot of arid areas in the outback that camels do well in. I think the US has a couple of wild herds that were brought here as an attempt at camel cavalry back in the day.
It's going to systems full of burning ships, same as it always does.
IM pretty sure about 1000 of those are mine. Edit: My bad, 1,401 and one of them.
You are not far off. He likes to create fantastic environments and then dump barbarians into them.
I stand corrected.
Oh, he was totally sarcastic
Contact AMEX. Ask them the best way to proceed. This is what they do, They handle thousands of things like this a day, i bet.
Dude, super soaker 9000. Cat has no idea what the fuck just happened,except counters bad.
Because metro is always a clusterfuck.
REctal probes
Cryptonomicon is essentially a story set in present day, with a alternative reality going back to WW2 dealing with cryptography. Very true to reality, if created history. The man knows history, and math, and it shows. It follows a slightly fictional history of cryptography through different family members in different timelines, in different areas. think bletchely park, south pacific, other places, and modern bitcoins and civil rights issues. I greatly enjoyed it, and think I learned a lot along the way. Although I am sure someone will come in and explain how I am wrong, it is a few years since i read the book. Oh, and he cant end a story properly. But its great up till then, and the endings are "okish" but not quite what you were hoping for. My favorites by him are snow crash, which remeber was written pre virtual realtiy and google earth, diamond age, zodiac was a fun read, the big u was shall we say, not his best work, I loved seveneves, COuldnt get past the frogs in the baroque cycle, and have a few more to tackle. Oh, and his in the beginning there was the command line is a good read if you are into computers. Good or bad, I have always learned stuff from him in an entertaining way.
Went to one in Sapporo. Was much cheaper than hotel internet(I had a hotel) and the cheap room had a better setup than my home or office. REasonably ergonomic chair, great mouse and keyboard, good screen, videogame access, etc, etc. Bigger rooms had bigger screens, easy chairs, chouches etc. Had big manga book selection for purchase, and exelent selection of snack food machines for a fairly small enterprise. More coffee/tea drink machines tha nred bull ever dreamed of. Including a french fry machine. Which I never tried.
Dude, fuck it. If it works, get a DNA check before having kids, other than that dont fuck up something good over cultural nonsense.
Fuck this. I hate pork. Bacon and sausage are fine. Pork sucks. Not muslem
I saw this. The models keep scaling up. WERE ALL GOING TO DIEEEEEE
Yeah, this HOA sounds insane
Or it will find a new kind of host it was never partners with before
There is a mash episode about this
Hes using the rubber ducks as decoys to lure them in.
No, they want you to give them money.
Only if its an exact copy. Bigger smaller or partial copying is fine I believe.
Our bodies need a certain chemical balance to continue the reactions that keep us alive. We evolved a billion years ago in a salt ocean, and still need salty water to survive, even if it is internally.
They are known for posting lots of puppy and kitten and fluff happy pictures and get a bunch of followers who don't know what they are. Imagine if an unknown branch of the westbourough church was posting cat pictures on reddit.
I think baptists and a few other protestans are big on the hole body dunking. More magic water on you that way. Need to get the sins around the privates washed too.
You should really start that paragraph off with "I'm not racist, but..."
"The futuristic looks are definitely right up his alley." I think you are hanging out in the wrong alleys.
You have convinced me that it is pointless to continue this discussion. Congrats, you win!
THat was part 1, they also put it on top of tall building that was undergoing explosive demolition, blew it the fuck up, retrieved it from the wreckage, and it still fucking drove. Its why it wound up in a place of honor on the plinth in thier studio for the rest of the show, fucker was unkillable. Even drove into the studio under its own power at the end. I found more: https://youtu.be/xnWKz7Cthkk?t=485 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kFnVZXQD5_k
Laws were written that specified fax for certain documents
Assault and battery?
Did you miss the part where he reaches in the car and grabs him? And you are not calling the cops for this, you are calling the cops because hes a dangerously deluded paranoid with tendencies to violence.
Fair enough. If your camera "malfunctions" often enough then you will be let go. If the camera malfunctions, and you continue to pursue the subject, you are offered no other protection than an ordinary citizen making an arrest.
Thats not a "union" problem, its a societal problem. People dont like their friends to get into trouble.
"Accidental"
Want merlin the scion of a human and something else? That might alter the equation
It's in there for problem cases of people moving in with girlfriends/boyfriends in the dorm. Unless you are annoying your roommate noone is going to care, or if it's really, really obvious you don't have a home.
No. Someone had to say it. But you should totally read his books, they're fantastic.
Awwwww, I always wanted to develop my fake psychic powers.
Depends on the animal. My old dog was extremely friendly, but very protective of his car. I don't think he would have actually attacked for breaking the window, but he would bark the shit out of you. He might bite you if you tried to take anything out of his car, including him.
Could this be a joke about how bad the other players are at soccer?
Things like that can be dangerous, without blood circulation you can basilcy cook body parts with relatively low warmpth, and can cause shock also. It's why you don't put hypothermia or frostbite into a hot bathtub
Quick, kill it! If you take out the master car all the other enthralled cars will be freed! Drive a wooden stake through its motor, or cut off its control panel.
No good, they can heal from that by the next dawn.
Cop is yelling exactly the wrong stuff to actually calm her down. Yelling CALM DOWN doenst work, and usually only makes people more agitated. Either he is not trained properly, or doesnt care.
Are there ramps? That may be why shes not on the sidewalk.
Hey, you know what? She fucked up, got a lesson. She was cool, elk was cool, I am calling this a positive for everyone.
My mom was able to use this service a couple of time during chemo. Amazing how big a difference a little help makes when you're tired all the time.
&gt; ame neighbors called the city on one of the nicest neighbors I've ever known about his boat that he had in his driveway for a week after he had just moved in. He was still trying to find a marina to take it to. &gt; Busybody neighbors can get in line and kiss my ass. Youre too nice. I would have declared it a pink lawn flamingo sanctuary and decorated accordingly. THe dandelions are there for the flamingos, DO THEY WANT THE FLAMINGOS TO STARVE?
If you configure it, your controller will have a little floating display of what the camera sees next to the mai. One
YEs yes yes, any necessary service can only be provided by private industry, because they always have a citizens best interest in mind, and not profit.
Yeah. The guy has no idea what hes talking about. They would need a series of waterproof locks that I think you would have trouble making out of steel today.
Theres a show on where they talk about the stepped pyramyds evolving pyramids that failed, that evolved to that bent pyramid that almost failed, that turned into the modern pyramid(so to speak) where they got the height to base ratio right, and you can still see how some of them bulge a bit if you use laser surveying tools. If I can remember the name ill post it, was on either nova or netflix.
Yes, to get re-elected. Which is driven by what the citizens want. Granted, corruption gets involved, usually by private industry offering money to help with re-election. But why would private industry try to buy elected officials to get contracts if they could actually compete with gvt run programs?? Oh,right, profit at citizens expense.
"Low earth orbit is halfway to everywhere" -Someone important whos name I cant remember
Fuck you, I am in brave newbies, were all spais.
That is how you don't own that shit.
&gt; Funny thing? I didn't realize my sister was from another father until I was 16 years old, and my girlfriend asked why my sister looked nothing like me and my brothers. AS it should be.
Plus as much money as they can force out of the citizenry. If only there was some way they could band together to create an organization that could perform the same service without skimming extra profit off the top
Someone has to pay he 10k$ emergency room bill. Welcome to privatized medicine.
What did they do?
It varies a lot. I think in DC they are required to.
There is a limit to what they can do to help. They are not in control of the country. They can help you get a lawyer or at least advise you, they can see to it that you get food and basic necessities in jail(some places you don't unless you pay), and they can demand to do a welfare check and meeting once a quarter or so, which can be refused. And there is not a whole hell of a lot beyond that they can do to help unless you can provide some incentive to the local government, or the case is embarrassing the country you are in. Don't go to shitholes with fucked up laws.
Look, there is no reason for this. This is the internet age, instead of doing this by yourself I am sure you could find some nice girl/guy who would be into coming over for "netflix and crushing your balls with a ball peen hammer."
Holy crap. Go read that. They are deleting stuff from people recommending to go to other specific threads in other subreddits that haven't been censors to hell and gone. Like askreddit.
That would cost them money
not quite the same thing, but I have heard of blood types changing after a bone marrow transplant.
Theredpill
1.5
Fucking moron. Explosions do a lot more damage when contained, like in your goddamn shorts.
&gt; Jesus, most of my shits have some kind of prayer attached. Tone down the hot sauce by about 20%/
Book I read (science fiction) had FTL missiles with some kind of warp thingy, missle would drop out of warp periodically to check targeting. What the target "saw" was the impact of the missile and then the missile popping into existence at intervals moving away from the impact point. Always thought it was an interesting perspective.
My dad builds fire engine models. What is he really going to get out of it? WHo will ever care if he builds them all or gets an award. Hes not helping humanity. FUck it HE ENJOYS IT.
You're goddamn right they are. There is a reason the have our oldest embassy, they saved our asses in the revolution.
Go back to /r/redpill
Look her up on Facebook. It's never to late to apologize for dumbassery
Try reading the Bible. It's all about murdering people for your beliefs.
Discordianism.
The element is fine. The compounds will kill you dead.
There have been bunches of theories on how this was built that I have seen, they all seem plausible and rely on lots of guys and levers more or less. I am waiting till they find some evidence
Oh, it will show us ways that it could have worked, but not necessarily what they actually did.
Hansel and Gretel also.
Yeah, I think there is a guy that has a hamburger printer. No, I'm not kidding. Meat grows on it and is scraped off layer by layer
Is reminding me of breeze from home in latvia
Yeah, fecal transplants are curing a lot of extreme gut/bowel issued.
Autism is a spectrum. If you are the guy with a mild case who is a socially awkward engineer who just doesn't understand social cues, you probably wouldn't take it. If you are the guy in an institution from self harming outbursts who can't talk or function normally, this might be a miracle cure.
Similar riddle answer according to pratchett: Casanunda: Simple. You go up to the smaller guard and say 'Tell me which door leads to freedom if you don't want to see the colour of your kidneys.' Stibbons: But you haven't got a weapon! Casanunda: Yes I have, I stole it from the guard while he was considering the question.
Stephen barnes wrote a book where one of the books involved a zero-gee boxer, he talked about this a bit i think. I read it 20 years ago, so not much help, called "street lethal" Also, knives might be back in style if there are spacesuits involved.
Balls are harder to hit than you think. Claw the eyes.
Nonsense. If your super Dooper sekret club that you have no obligation to be a member of wants you to obey it's pretend court, that's no one else's business. You are welcome to tell them to fuck off and start your own club with blackjack and hookers.
Looks like foam worn out by ropes.
To the best of my knowledge, there is nothing that says you cant leave experience and degrees OFF your resume.
Fuck em. I won't pay extra for the privelage of them DOING THEIR GODDAMN JOB
It's nice to be able to pay your way to privelage.
You mean the completely different situation of how everyone has to pay the toll but those who go through it regularly can order a system to pay it automatically? Let me know when TSA has a free quick pass card or something.
He's Elvis.
Syria was caused by a drought for starters
I wouldn't leave that there without chaining it to something
4 chan is going to have it spouting god knows what in a day
And the brain drain begins
You spelled sighted wrong, captain trump.
Your body at least needs/uses copper in trace amounts. Maybe lick the bracelet.
John barley has a book set on Venus where people use a vaccum filled force field balloon to float and travel.
One. But it would not wake you up.
You'll be back.
They kinda get old after awhile was my feeling.
Big plants want to eat you. Those big goddamn tropical leafy ones. I just keep an eye on them. They're waiting for their chance. I blame voodoo island with Vincent price
How does this work?
I dont know what city you are in, but you can take an NRA(other options available) training class for basic pistol, it takes about a day. Then goto a range that lets you rent pistols and try a bunch. Pick the one that you are comfortable with and like. Make sure the caliber is big enough to stop intruders, and small enough to not go through 3 houses. If you are not interested in spending the time to research and learn to use a gun, dont get one. Pepperspray works wonders. Disclaimer: I have done the above and do not own a gun.
You attacked a wasp nest shirtless? And with the wrong spray? You deserve what you go.
