Yup. I see a lot of disdain for Bran and Jon's stories but they're up there in my favorites.
Flaked corn. Outside of cream ales most brewers get high-horsey and hate on corn, but it can dry some ales out wonderfully. Recently had an IPA that was standard 2-row, light amount of a high crystal, 15% flaked corn and it was absolutely fantastic.
I figured the wall was already there, and it was meant to keep people from the sea out. I could be wrong, but that's what I figured. There wasn't much room from coast-to-wall, so it would be pretty useless otherwise.
These guys brought a damn blizzard with them. I'm sure they don't care for fire, but it's going to take more than some lamps to faze 'em.
You're confusing 'uncivilized' with 'evil'.
Same. Video game violence not so much, but definitely needed over on /r/gifs where female nudity etc is abundent.
Dumb dags are the best dags.
But I'm American. Jeans and polos are my heritage.
Exactly. There's lots of in-book evidence he is an old creature. Never once considered this theory.
Well, we haven't seen Thoros poop out any shadow babies, nor have we seen Mel revive someone. Hard to know.
It gradually gets a bit more main-plot focused... without ever straying from the bad-guy-of-the-week. I still love the show, but it did get frustrating at times when you just want to find out more about The Smoking Man! But it never does.
This game is definitely less toxic than league. In part due to the lack of lobby chat, part due to not being stuck in lane.
IDK - I seriously doubt matchmaking takes AI games into account? Matchmaking is definitely a tough thing for all games -- especially free ones such as HOTS and LoL where someone can 'smurf' and wreck others. But as just a few week old player myself, I haven't found QM that bad at all. I'm thinking it's a combination of extremely bad luck + you aren't any good. Just keep in mind it's all about map awareness and rotating as a team to objectives. If you're losing early game it generally doesn't even matter at this level -- stick together as a team and wreck them.
Im off for the night but am generally on Tues, Wed and Thurs from 5-10 PST or so. Play with another friend generally. Send me a PM if you want to play tomorrow or so.
tree fiddy?
Nope. Gargantuan AI is terrible. I use mine mostly for camps and pushing it seems.
All of my LHBSs have a generic PET carboy that works well. Morebeer and the other big name brand shops do as well. Exactly the same quality as the old BBs I had.
In my old place I had one of those generic plastic cabinets for $50-70: http://www.busybeaver.com/images/subdepartments/550x550/Tall-Cabinet-SB.jpg Could fit my empty kegs on the bottom, two carboys laying on a shelf, hoses etc up top. Now I just have all of my brewing stuff in the garage, and my carboys get stored in a closet. Have thought about getting another one of those though to keep it more organized. Plus once I left my racking hose in the garage and found spiders in it &gt;&lt;. Whatever -- nothing star san can't fix right?
Went there last month after Punchbowl Falls. Pretty nice place!
Yeah and in the first one you think is a 'neat adventure' you forgot the warehouse down the road had some pretty nasty super-concentraded chemicals mixing in with all of the homeowners bleach and toilet cleaners etc.
Hah! That's a nice fantasy, comrade. In my situation unfortunately my glorious pond would be filled with stuff like this: http://www.nydailynews.com/news/world/spanish-man-dies-drinking-detergent-served-wine-article-1.2260890 from one of those cafes.
I can't imagine how rabid a turbonerd a person has to be to repost something just to bitch about it. Yeesh.
I disagree. Comedies start slow in general, but everything else, drama especially, should start on high notes. Breaking Bad, Dexter, BSG, SG1 etc etc so many great ep1 shows out there.
Good advice, really the only thing to do is be vigilant. Whenever I've been searching for an apartment/house.. hell anything I want to buy on Craiglist, you just have to search as often as you can and call immediately if you find something you like. I'd search in the morning when drinking my coffee at work, again near lunch, and again at night. I got my current townhouse by calling and scheduling an appointment right away. There were 17 people that called after me, that day alone.
Damn. impressive.
Youve been drinking extremely shitty sangria..
I'd go phlog pyro and eat the delicious heavies.
Worth a shot giving the police her number. I once had a really sketchy hit and run case, where someone backed into my parked car and totally destroyed it (how is that even possible?). Guy left his name and number, but when I called he wouldnt give me any insurance info etc. I gave it to the police and he quickly confessed. Turns out it was a teen driving his Dad's truck and daddy was dishonest and told him not to talk to me.
The thing that worries me is not when he'll finish TWOW, but when he'll finish the series. 6 years for this book, how long is it going to take him to finish the last book? Tie up all the loose strings and make everything come together?
It looks cool..
Finally a house I might be able to afford. Maybe.
It was great, that's for sure. It was a perfect adaptation. Not sure I'd say it was better, since it's so so close though.
Person who jumped ontop is lucky they didnt get crushed and seriously hurt.
He was terrible in it.
tl;dr
He has control of it all... he could simply say piss off to everyone and not finish it. Nothing anyone can do about it.
I didnt know your mum had a mic
Portland OR? When/where do you guys meet? I'm out of Tualatin. I did one here on the west side last summer and it was way too much bubblegum beer for me.. kinda scared of more clubs now &gt;&lt;
But besides other pyros who gets so close? Whenever I play Phlog against a competent heavy/demo/soldier/sniper I just get crushed usually. All they have to do is backpeddle and shoot and I cant touch them. I do admit on some maps the flank potential makes it pretty stupid, however. Honestly I dont even feel the phlog is to blame, but scorch shot is incredibly OP. You can light up an entire team so easy, completely nullify their snipers, and get phlog charged so quick. I think Phlog needs to nerf how much burn damage from secondaries charges it. Maybe 50% flame-damage charge from secondary burn.
The sentence you quoted was in regards to "trick"stabs, not phlog.
The one watching thinks he tied one knot, the one tying it thinks he did the other. He mentions arguing with himself over it, and cant decide which he tied. edit: know/knot &gt;&lt;
The only thing generally detrimental about city water is the use of chloramines. If yours has it you need to get some Campden tablets. Besides that it's all just recipe-specific. You need to keep your pH within a range, and then there's certain flavor profiles (high sulfate for IPAs, for instance) that help make your beers really pop. So just going from your base water you'll probably find that either your light or dark beers always seem just OK, while the others turn out great. Grab your cities water profile and download brunwater. It's going to be extremely overwhelming at first but there are some good guides and a lot of help over on HBT science section.
Oooh, tasty.
What's the use for this? Is it for minis?
Why ever turn reload off?
Minerals are definitely beneficial taste wise. Also well water is usually hard, but all over the place based on your water shed. You might have extremely high bicarbonate content and need to cut with RO.
Soft water is a great thing to have. I live in Portland OR and have extremely soft water too. General rule of thumb is for lighter beers you'll need to add some acid to bring the pH down. In heavy roast beers you'll possibly need to add some bicarbonate (baking soda is easy) to bump the pH up a bit. Beyond that there's some personal preference; add sulfate for IPAs and chloride for maltier beers. Strongly advise you not to add things willy-nilly though unless it's just basic things like http://www.homebrewtalk.com/showthread.php?t=198460 (assuming youre doing all grain). If you dont have a good water profile and brunwater or other calculator you can do more harm than good.
Love seeing all the trucks. Stereotyping, sure, but I always feel they're the worst offenders. HURR DURR MA 4WD MEANS 4WHEEL STOP
I got a Fit to fit my Great Dane. I'm still unsure how magnets work, but I believe so.
Just wanting everyone to know the 'burbs out here are pretty good. Last month when it was flooding I opened my arms to beckon yonder, with a warm and dry embrace. Now I once again extend my hospitality of ice-free embrace. We can all drive merily and make fun of bicyclists together.
Greatest building in the world!
Wow, that's really shitty. What now? Are there placed to get shitfaced at 7:50am?
I wear my studded shoes all winter so that I don't have to worry about chaining up on days like this.
It doesnt look so high anymore. It's a free chair though.
If only he had one of those fancy windows machines instead of only writing on a DOS desktop =\
Roads are looking pretty good now... think I might go to work.
Already had a french press this morning... kinda coffee'd out. Also, mayhaps I'm in the wrong thread, but I don't like hot cocoa &gt;&lt;
First time eh? It's beautiful like the valley here and they have 100 different kinds of pork cuts and brats. fuckin BRATS bro.
Exactly. I'm rich enough already.
You mean Django or whatever the hell they're called.
Is it still bad out there near you? I went out at 7 and it was iced hell outside, couldn't even walk on my lawn without slipping. Tried again at 11 and it was perfectly fine (just slush) and came in to work. Our parking lot etc here doesnt even have remnants of ice now at 2:40.
Put the fruit in a BIAB/hopsock type bag and pull it out when youre done with it.
And if it looks to be under $500 in damage the cops give you a bunch of sass about calling them. Whatever, not getting screwed by insurance.
Spring rolls will cure all of your woes.
You need to perfect the barrel roll.
I'm eternally in serious need of good side-recipe ideas. I get bored of misc sauteed veggies and the wife has a wheat allergy (basically means gluten free) so pasta sides etc are out. Prefer to do something healthier than just taters or rice too. Would love some good ideas. Basically... what can I do to spruce up some veg?
Was where I am at least. Everything is melted, barely any slush left on my lawn. Cars were clean. Roads are perfectly fine.
Just neat and historic. But yeah, storing slurry in a mason jar is going to be the better route.
Give us a recent recipe. And any idea what your water profile is like? Do you find other light beers to be lacking in things as well? Do your dark beers come out great?
It was the flip-flopping. When she's in the Eyrie and covers for Baelish she starts being a player. When she dies her hair black and comes down as a total bombshell it was exciting. Then she goes back to pitiful damsel in distress immediately afterwards. Either have her start being a player or have her continue to get crushed by the Lannisters/Boltons.
I love the last two, but only because I started reading right after S1, so I wasn't waiting 6 years for not much to advance. They definitely are bloated, but the depth is amazing. Goldenhand's chapters are some of the best in the series.
They sure love sitting like that! Love that color pattern.
Yeah, my KS black box cost about everything spare I had.
I love the last weapon key. It's so easy to hit Q instead of 1-2-3-4.
Good mroing friend
Knowing what is to happen definitely alters your experience. Like how in good dramas today even the main characters aren't safe. Having your characters get into sticky situations just isn't suspenseful anymore if everyone knows they're going to be fine.
Wow, sorry to hear you've been on the receiving end of it. Nothing good ever comes from turbonerd vigilantism.
Stargate SG-1 for me. The first few seasons are just absolutely insane. Love their take on mythology and villains. It's unique and really good. It drops off towards the end unfortunately. Battlestar Galactica is still fresh in my mind as probably the worst ending to a show I've seen apart from Dexter. I loved it at first too, but that last season killed it for me. Star Trek (only one I've watched entirely is TNG) is great, but the episodic nature gets old to me.
Yup, season 2 was very good to me as well. It seems most people on Reddit just don't like TWD unless they're blasting zombies nonstop every episode. I don't get it. Season 3 and 4 pre-terminus were the worst for me. The drew The Governor plot out way, way too long. If they had condensed those two seasons into one it'd have been great and a successful villain. Everything after Terminus was absolutely killing it in my opinion. Loved it. Then the last half of this past season (Glenn shenanigans) has me not even wanting to watch anymore. No idea why they would ruin all of the momentum they had with that garbage.
There was a trailer for it when I went to see, I think, Star Wars. It was really bad. Rehuheheeeely bad.
I vacuum my living room a couple times a week now, with a more thorough deep clean more sporadically. It takes like 2 mins to do a quick runover. I'm not sure if it's more about the hair or him dropping treat particles all over my carpet.
Glorious, yes.
Mine's barely a step up from yours. In the garage next to my homebrew setup. I have a folding patio set next to the garage door.. but it's also next to the kegerator ;)
Tonnes of fantastic breweries here. Take your pick. Cascade, Commons, Breakside, Deschutes, HUB, so many. Brunch I'm not too versed on. Genies is fantastic. If youre wanting something spendy there's a place called Salty's that does a seafood and typical breakfast food buffet. I think it's $50ish a pop, but man o man eating your weight in lox, crab, crepe, biscuits etc is worth.
Id rather just wait.
A different better, not necessarily a worse one.
Looks like fermenting beer. That's just yeast cloudiness, and also the activity keeps everything churning.
What's your number? I'll send you some smile-selfies.
Gold!
Wow. I hope that power line is ready to face federal charges!
Damn I was just about to post this one too. Great article.
Wow. I just got a Dane about a month ago (11mo now) and he was 110 at 10mos, cant imagine 140 at 7! Granted his previous owners seemed to be underfeeding him, and poor food.
Is there any reason to believe he dies from something more sinister, like mutiny, than just the explosion/fire stuff at Summerhall?
When I'm king a daily allowance of tots will be given to all of my loyal subjects.
Dont worry, after Glenn it's apparently they won't kill off any major character at all.
I always find it odd/tacky to do it infront of other people, so I vote to go somewhere scenic. Whether it's an easy hike out in The Gorge, or maybe a nice picnic somewhere?
&gt; Something unique to Portland? A romantic proposal waiting in line at Voodoo next to the homeless camps.
Must see scenic areas? Without a doubt go to the Columbia River Gorge, or could go to Mt Hood area if you'd rather have mtn views. These are touristy places, but just an idea for you to see how beautiful it is, google image these: Vista house, multnomah falls, angels rest hike. Unfortunately in August everything accessible will be busy. Will have to do a decent hike or maybe just pull over somewhere to picnic. Portland proper has the Forest Park, Washington Park, Rose test garden etc which will also be traversed but plenty of nooks for you to picnic and propose in. Edit: also a lot of people here love the coast. It's pretty, but it's cold and windy so I don't get the big deal. A couple hour drive and you could certainly find somewhere pretty to pull off and propose somewhere along hwy101.
Yeah yeah, but what's the cultural impact? =\
Running out of CO2 is perfectly fine. The keg is sealed so no oxygen is getting in. If you pulled pints until it wouldnt flow your beer might be pretty undercarbed by the time you get more CO2, nothing a day of charging wont fix.
Oh. It'll still be fine. Keep the lid on and if youre worried about oxygen then drink it fast once you have CO2.
Yeah, OP could make a sour involving lacto. More efficient to just eat some yogurt, kraut etc.
I think post Gov up to the first quarter of this season is amazing. I vote yes.
Honestly most pubs make a pretty decent tot. A lot of people like to piss on McMenamins, but happy hour beer and cajun tots? Don't mind if I do! Tilt has these jalapeno 'tots' that are downright amazing. Definitely you need to go try them. Theyre more of a potato cake or something than a tot I feel, so be aware of that. I used to work in Canby and there's a sportsbar there called The Backstop who makes a mean tot and club sammich, along with having a good beer selection. Not many places these days have a good club sandwich/tot combo, so that place still holds a sweet spot in my memories. Baked sandwiches + tots is just too much, when I go for tots I need something a little less greasy for the side course, melts are just too much.
I think a miniseries is probably the best story-telling tv/movie platform. Just long enough to cover and flesh out everything necessary, not too long that you need to fluff. I understand from a money-making perspective it's more profitable to go with multiple seasons due to building followings and maintaining viewers and everything, but with the massive GOT success it'd be sweet if they could just pump out various ASOIAF world stories after the main series is over. GOT Rebellion. GOT Long Night. GOT Summerhall. GOT Valyria. Of course it'd certainly be way too much of a good thing, but I could dig it.
I've heard great things of Modern Times, never had the chance to try one though. Wish they distributed outside of Cali.
I have three bruises toenails from my Great Dane stepping on my foot.
Eh. Monster of the week shoes get old, there's no doubt about that, but it's also the meat and potatoes of X-Files. The overarching conspiracy theory eps are great, but not exactly enough to stand up on their own in my opinion. Some of the monster eps were the best of the bunch.
So's that Jesus or what? Edit: was going for sarcasm. That's what he's gonna get showing his tat to people lol.
I seem to do just OK with the phlog. http://i.imgur.com/2oOa88z.jpg
Confirmed TF2 is played by kindergarteners.
Depends entirely on how much you run the heater and how insulated your place is. Thats not too high of a bill if you run the heat a lot.
Looks like it's code that a smoke alarm has to be located within 20ft from a kitchen. Normally they're right outside (so regular cooking smoke doesnt set them off). I'm betting it simply works off of a continuous decibels, so the 'unique' beeps (all are the same in my exp) is a bit of a non-issue. I agree though that in many places the depth issue is real. I for sure couldn't fit it behind my stove.
If you have decent credit interest rates are laughably low, it's stupid NOT to finance.
You can get 4% ranges pretty easily if you don't have bad credit - not even requiring great credit. Better to finance the car and pump down that 6% rates.
You are incredibly defensive for no reason. What is your deal? I don't even get what you are debating at this point. Are you saying it's not a fire hazard to have a toaster that can ignite? In addition to you thinking a shower can setoff a fire alarm?
Stop trying so hard. It doesn't fit and you should feel bad. Great joke, OP!
Are you saying it's not? OP has literally gotten tens of internet points! What's next, The White House?!
You wouldnt notice a pool, it is a gas at room temp and pressure I believe. Sounds like a compressor issue. I'd take a look and see if the tubing gets cold at all and what not.
Fridge with a heat source (heat tape, brewbelt thing, lightbulb in can, ceramic heater, whatever.) in the garage. Done.
Well I'll be the dissenting voice -- gloves and squeezing is way too messy and hard. Get a ratcheting pulley. Boom, done. http://i.imgur.com/Qr03Gwm.jpg?1
Yeah, just a simple ratcheting pulley. If you have yet to buy a bag check out Wilser's BIAB bags on HBT. He has great bags and sells pulleys too for a fair price.
It's not gay if you use a glove.
Yup, looks great.
Have you never played with dry ice? Poor chap.
Did I miss some patch notes? I used to love the Vacc but after the nerf awhile back I just haven't seen much use for it.
I went from 3v eHERMS back to BIAB. Love it. Only con is a lack of bling.
Ratcheting Pulley is sub $10 at any hardware store. If you're not a garage brewer though it can be hard to find a place to hang the pulley though. If an outside brewer a ladder works fine. With the pulley setup I don't make a mess at all anymore. Cleaner than swapping hoses etc around.
If your dishwaser has a sanitize cycle, yes. Rinse the bottles out in the sink too just to make sure they're trub-free.
Sometimes when I play Sniper I taunt after every kill just to be an asshole.
After what transpired last week this is just dumb. Give it up, guys.
Still a bad tag line for the show/poster.
Forest Park / Washington Park aren't far drives from Beaverton at all. Also can check out the Tualatin Wildlife Preserve, it's just a casual stroll though.
Beautiful, love the head pattern!
nerf solly
I've never had anything but Perlicks, what's it like usign the cheap ones? I admit to being less than stellar about cleaning my taps.
Define "city feel".
Haven't had much from them, but I'll have to check this one out if I see it. I quite enjoyed Fort George's Java The Hop every once in awhile.
How many of them were snipers and bitching they couldnt fight out of spawn? OP Pyro of course!
For mobility yeah you can. It's rough though when you rocket jump and then come upon an enemy and have one or two rockets left &gt;&lt;.
Only problem is where did you set your beer???
LOL!
Interview With The Vampire is my favorite. I recall quite liking 30 Days of Night when it came out, but to be honest I can't even recall a single thing from the movie anymore...
And since this is Portland, Pizzicato has the best gluten-free (My wife has wheat allergy rip snoopwire getting tasty pizza) I've found. It's like fuckin' $30 for a pie though.
Why delete this?
&gt;It was a neat gadget, but looked like the kind of thing anyone with a sewing machine could easily make. You can say that about a vast majority of products and services. People would rather buy things than learn to do it themselves.
Not just sewing machines, I'm trying to say "it's easy to make" doesn't really discount a product's viability. There are many companies that make extremely easy food products for instance. Or the entire oil changing industry, etc etc. There are many products and services that someone could DIY in 30mins.
Peanut butter sandwiches (no jelly) goes great with coffee. When I used to be more active I did a cup of cottage cheese for the proteins. Kept me surprisingly full. Various oatmeals are always great.
Tell me about it. I got a sampler of some Tatuajes and they all just have a "Tatuaje" band. Some have an "Exlcusive" band I think. Uhh, that's great but which one am I smoking?
What a shithole.
Great proximety to shopping and restaurants! Covered patio! ALL WINDOWS WITH A FANTASTIC VIEW!
Are those dead fish that washed up to the shore and then froze, or is that some kind of flash-freezing wickedness that killed 'em all?
I don't agree. Jerry's is significantly higher pitched.
LOL thats' awesome. I've been telefragged quite a few times trying to melee down teleporters.. even when nowhere near standing on them. You think I'd have learned by now...
i mean, who doesn't loev free swag?
I had an IPA last weekend that was made with this hop plus (I think) Simcoe and holy-hell did that combo make a distinct tropical fruity. I'm more of a typical pine/grapefruit guy so I didn't quite care for it. It was extremely fruity. Looking at the spec sheet I'm surprised it's all about the orange, was expecting more tropical mentions. I know Simcoe gets some passionfruity stuff, but I've never had it be that intense. Maybe that plus the orange just played off eachother.
Guess I better buy a few trucks, whoo boy man tell ye wha'
I don't think I've ever been to this fall before, oddly enough. How's the hike?
Yeah understand, I prefer a more remote and longer hike too. That falls is pretty though, Ill have to stop there next time.
I once was playing Scout and our fourth Sniper completely flipped his shit about me taking the tele. Sorry bro, you werent even near when I got to the tele, and you're useless anyways. I agree when it's not level 3 or there's a line, but some people get a bit vitriolic about scout-teles.
Ive repitched from 7% IPA to IPA a lot. I get that's not too extreme though. Whenever I normally do a big beer it's already repitched from another cake, and I get plenty enough yeast to pitch in the big one + have another for repitching later.
Potatoes, onion, sausage, peppers all chopped and wrapped in aluminum. Throw that on the fire and good2go. Personally I always do that and sandwiches, hate cleaning camping cookware with bottled water or some shit.
There's been a few times where I had extremely low health, no medics or dispensers near. Doesn't matter, Scorch Shot extremely OP. Just spam flares for 15 seconds and then taunt to full health, continue playing.
I DO TOO. I HOMEBREW AND YOU THINK THAT'D MAKE ME THE MOST POPULAR NEIGHBOR, RIGHT? HEY FREE BEER FUCKFACE, COME BE MY FRIEND. NOPE, ONE NEIGHBOR IS SUPER FAT AND CAN'T DRINK ALCOHOL BECAUSE OF HIS OBESE PILLS KEEPING HIM FROM HAVING A HEART ATTACK OR STROKE OR SOMETHING. NOT THAT I'D WANT TO BE FRIENDS WITH A WHALE ANYWAYS. THE OTHER NEIGHBORS ARE LIKE 50 WITH KIDS ALMOST MY AGE AND THAT'S NO FUN EITHER. WHY CANT THE WIFE AND I EVER MEET FELLOW DINK'S?
SOMETIMES THOSE FLASHING LIGHTS MAKE ME WANT TO SEIZE. I GUESS RUNNING THEM OVER DUE TO A SEIZURE IS BETTER THAN RUNNING THEM OVER BECAUSE I CAN'T SEE THEM.
http://33.media.tumblr.com/d67da69a14847470c6cbfb89bb206a4d/tumblr_mmbofiBVUx1s8vm12o1_500.gif I'm not aware of one.
Try it again with a flare gun. It's necessary to make the Phlog really pop. A couple Scorch Shots and you can roll into a fight pre-charged. Kick some ass and when you're about dead, boom, pop and sweep up. Or alternatively, have it ready to pop as people walk around the corner.
I CAN ONE UP YOU - MY VARIOUS CONTROL PANELS LOOK LIKE BOMBS http://i.imgur.com/0Bg24.jpg http://i.imgur.com/iM6TNvN.jpg http://i.imgur.com/70vKist.jpg
Come to the suburbs - we're friendly since we actually have jobs.
YEAH EHERMS IS FANTASTIC. I HAD ONE BUT ACTUALLY DOWNSIZED BACK TO EBIAB FOR CLEANING PURPOSES. MY ONE ADVICE IS TO DEFINITELY GO BOTTOM-DRAINING KETTLES IF YOU 3V HERMS EVENTUALLY.
Bet they're studded too!
Can bend the diptube up if you arent wanting to cut, also.
I've honestly never had to do it, so I can't say for certain. I've bent other tubing before without a bender, if you're not doing anything too complicated (all you need is to raise it a tad), pivot it against a hard surface and go slow you should be fine.
I know I've had a commercial beer that was only Nelson Sauvin. I can't recall the name though.... What's the reasoning stated behind not overdoing it? It's not like Summit where you might get some nice onion/garlic flavors, I hope!
Not Onion worthy, just a baity title! Crazy story though. Customer service is a huge aspect to a business and that's a ridiculous story. Can't imagine not being able to get ahold of anyone on a 100K purchase or learn any info on a new ETA etc.
To be fair, not all porters have to be midnight black. Brown porters are a thing. Not so much here in the state as everything has to be bigger and bolder, but in England you'll find some.
I don't really get the point of your post? "What you've learned as a Pro brewer" and then the body is explaining probably the most common AG homebrew setup there is.
no?
&gt; Airlines are not gentle with checked items. And you think Fedex is? Lol.
Indeed. And to add to this, 1.030 isn't a bad stopping point for 1.115 at all. About where I expect beers that big.
Those paws! Got my GD at 10 mo, both happy and sad I missed the puppy stage.
Definitely good to run it on anything else. The new hip thing here is Nitro IPAs. I can't stand them. Mutes all of the great flavor and makes it not refreshing at all. Same with imperial stouts. Ever have Old Rasputin on nitro? It's so one dimensional, while the bottled version is one of my favorites. Dry stouts are about all I like on nitro from what I've found. Opinions though, everyone has different tastes. But only mine are correct ;)
Good idea, thanks!
Good idea, thanks!
Luckily he just tears them apart, doesnt eat any fluff.
Yeah, one of the best pilots. That was awesome. Cranston in his undies, too, hard to beat.
Looks great. It's amazing just what some fresh paint and cabinets can do to a place. Although I know you did a lot more than that, but those two things alone completely turn the place around.
I love west-coast IPAs. Can't stand ones that are sweet in the slightest. Simple grain bill is key-- I a lot of times will just do all of whatever base I have -- 2row, vienna, MO, even pils. When I'm not lazy I'll blend some wheat in there. Sometimes a dose of roasted barley just for color. Adding crystal to an IPA? Blegh. If you're making it a DIPA or even on the high range of standard IPA gravities, you need some sugar to dry it out. Hops -- almost always use more than what you want. I usually go for a solid pound minimum when I want a great IPA. If I don't want to spring for that I just make a hoppy pale. Get all of your IBUs from the 60min addition. Then save the rest for flameout and whirlpool. What I like doing is adding half at flameout and then half when it's down to 170F. Then of course another few ounce dry hop. Yeast -- I just use classic Chico strain. Fast and clean is all you need. Edit: And for water, I'm big on high sulfate. I do 300 for now. Been meaning to try more but always forget.
Maybe she just doesn't like her snout being held? Make an effort to touch it a lot and give her treats and stuff. In a training class I did that's one of the first things they said to do -- once a day when watching TV or whatever just sit down and pet your dog all over to get them used to being handled. Helps when going to the vet etc and they need to look at their teeths and what not.
Also check out coloradobrewsystems -- very well priced. I got one with two welded couplings and a 2" TC port for a heating element. The welds are great quality.
OK?
Honestly if you get a more lazy breed, and older, you can make it work. Dogs sleep A LOT. Exercise them in the morning and at night and they'll be fine lounging while you're at work. Or if you have a house, doggy doors are magic (wish I had a fenced yard!) I was in the same boat for the past few years though. Made decent money but didn't have the time. Now I live 3mi from my work so I can go home and it works out great. I take him for a short walk in the morning, come home and let him out on lunch, then a longer walk at night. He does fine, although can get a bit lonely in the late afternoon and bark a bit.
Yup. Only reason to play him after these nerfs is on defense guarding an engy.
Eh, I don't get why everyone likes this. It wouldn't be good. Already Phlog was just a noob killer. Take away either the kritz or full health and there's no reason to use it.
I met a traveller from an antique land Who said: “Two vast and trunkless legs of stone Stand in the desert . . . Near them, on the sand, Half sunk, a shattered visage lies, whose frown, And wrinkled lip, and sneer of cold command, Tell that its sculptor well those passions read Which yet survive, stamped on these lifeless things, The hand that mocked them, and the heart that fed: And on the pedestal these words appear: ‘My name is Ozymandias, king of kings: Look on my works, ye Mighty, and despair!' Nothing beside remains. Round the decay Of that colossal wreck, boundless and bare The lone and level sands stretch far away.”
I'd love to hear some details on filming all LOTR movies at once if you have it. That's insane.
Yup, happens with other games as well. LoL pretty early on stopped hiring pro players because they're too one-sided.
It would have been over weeks ago if the feds didn't allow people to come and go. Idiots didn't bring enough food to last even a week.
I make 70 and most assuredly can't comfortably afford a 340k house. By the time I save up enough for a 20% downpayment, homes will probably be fuckin 500K.
Typical three vessel setup. But if you expect learning how to sparge on a HB setup will prepare you for pro brewing, you're going to be disappointed.
