&gt; This doesn't look like it has neither. So it has both ?
Backed up on the new Google Photos unlimited service.
There's a shortage of women in China due to the old one-child per couple policy.
Avidemux for free and basic, I use Vegas for anything more complicated but it's expensive.
Aye, it's got to start somewhere and the first smartphones were pretty terrible, it took Android a long time (KitKat) before it was as great an experience as iOS and has leapfrogged it in terms of reliability in Lolipop and probably Macaroni too...**IMO**
Definately function over form. Not my idea of gore either just very basic and practical..at least until it gets knocked over and its guts start pouring out.
Cheap to replace the battery and then you have a whole new lease of life. http://youtu.be/FnlgaPstA8o
..if he writes a book or releases a DVD.
Nope to two and three, sport is about the people not the politicians, it's one of the few ways we get to sidestep away from political (and religious) differences and just enjoy something competitively together. Politicians and heads of state should be banned from attending major sporting events in an official capacity imo.
itsaride: England is due it before Germany gets it again.
No, conventional warfare.
Crimea was annexed for economic (logistical) and military reasons.
Or put it another way, stare at the top UFO for ten seconds then the bottom UFO can tell if you're looking at it or not and changes the background accordingly.
Not sure I'd class cosplay as real life.
Can't believe I outlived Dracula.
perfect
They forgot to let the supporters in.
Seaworld Parks, with the world dropped to avoid being sued no doubt.
Well it was the Baltic!
England win 10-9 here we come!
What I've never understood about diacetyl is that it's present in high amounts in cigarettes and therefore cigarette smokers should have been developing 'popcorn lung' all along, but they haven't ..the only reason I can think of explaining this is that smoking tobacco protects the user in some way.
I have terrible uncorrected vision like an object a foot from my face is still blurry, also use varifocals..with those everything is perfectly in focus and I can't imagine anything being better than that.
It's the ejaculation part that matters.
Well I wrongly assumed they'd have the same prices everywhere, thought you might have misread, no need for proof as far as I'm concerned, might be worth checking the longer length packages if you're going to be in there for more than a day though. Get well soon!
The link goes directly to the Wordpress article for me.
The photo of Syd, fat with no hair and eyebrows gets me everytime.
Put /u/the_ultravixens on the list.
You'll be fine, you have almost the same karma as me ;). Godspeed on your recovery though!
You wouldn't vape a breast.
Chris Morris would be proud of that headline.
Looks like we found him!
You can't. They're no longer available publicly after 24 hours.
Probably why you're better off doing it...man things you know ;).
Ask mom.
Can't stop something happening, make it legal!
http://i.imgur.com/HcUguVH.jpg The good news is it looks like murders generally have dropped significantly looking at that.
Yeah, don't count the non-dying people.
I often wonder if cats would prefer bare wood to carpet, the cats round here seem to spend a lot of their time outside perched on wooden fences and seem to like it.
If he has cancer then their work is done.
All of them.
Well not *all* his...but reverse engineering is what hackers do, without that you'd have no jailbreak at all.
It's amazing how much you can get into a basket when you want to use the self-service checkouts. I have been known to carry six pints of milk in my other hand.
Yup, it's not obvious but longer taps = higher jumps, just barely tap the screen for smaller jumps.
Let's all rewrite history!
Since nobody has replied I'll guess at blood poisoning since skin is porous . That's not to say more gang members shouldn't try this though.
Hopefully investigators are busy mashing potatoes.
Could be searching for insurance...
Should have called it the hyperbole...Faaaaasstech!
it lives !
There's two poops on the pitch, they think it's all over...well it is now.
Apple.com
Fuck the IOC, time for another investigation.
Yeah I prefer the cold too, I'm pretty much kitted out for cold or wet weather...I have no idea what to wear when it gets this hot (currently 30c which is the hottest it's been here in Redcar in years).
Genetic mutation that causes bow legs.
https://twitter.com/cammywrites/status/615925340347756544
Good work.
ironic huh.
I'm in the UK, a screen would only be useful a few days a year.
Cue new reality TV show idea.
The name has me scratching my head till I noticed they all had the same subject.
He's laughing at the design of the doors on the tuner section that can never close.
Its Stavros init.
or maybe a real button for the 63c
You'd be wasting much more by not having it at all.
I do sub to /r/europe but until now it wasn't on my frontpage, hence why I saw it on /r/undelete first. I also make a point of vistiting worldnews and a couple of other subs first because I expect most major international stories to be covered on worldnews.
Oh jesus. Well, it is for the yoof I guess.
minimalist would be three black dots on a white background
Three Pints! *was the only thing I ever really watched on Three, Family Guy also if I didn't have every episode on my hard drive. I can see why others would like it though.
Isn't this local DPRK news?
Just did a huge wheeze laugh.
But that blood flow can be cut off much easier than internal bleeding.
Utensional.
Nobody else I sub to does anything like them (Don't stop Ashens!).
Watching....nope.
"wtf is this shit!?" oooh magical.
TL;DR Ecigs are not really a tobacco product and most of the legislation doesn't apply (except warning labels). Also yay &gt; 3.12.11 E-cigarettes are not risk free, but the latest evidence suggests these products are safer than smoking. The Government believes that it would be disproportionate to prohibit cross-border distance sales of e-cigarettes, which have the potential to help smokers quit. Information from the consultation and other intelligence sources indicate that many businesses in this sector trade solely on-line. The Government will, therefore, maintain the proposals included in the draft regulations at consultation and setup and maintain a register of all businesses engaged in cross- border distances sales. Domestic distance sales (UK retailers to UK consumers) are not affected
Playing Where's Gabe on that one. edit: found him!
It's his flair.
Given the right sensors (penetrating radar/ir) computers do a much better job monitoring traction and stability than any human driver. They can't be distracted, become impatient, take risks or panic.
Poker players do it all the time.
Damnit Marie!
Not to mention a hot neck.
apparenly they're made of razors to keep the image sharp.
[This population density heatmap] (http://imgur.com/UzeU3tR) should help explain it, it overlays nicely with the football teams map.
Probably the first music star who I really "loved" and influenced a big proportion of the choice of music I listened to. Irreplaceable.
&gt; keep racists and prejudice to a minimum. Really?
A video is worth a thousand imgurs : http://youtu.be/3bIXUBXj070
State Department Twitter confirmed hacked.
A Brazillion years old.
I have a really bad feeling about this, be careful out there.
Apparently there are only thirty children there, hopefully French social services will step in there.
How did he react to the tea? That could give you a clue. Also, you haven't lived till you get called me dear (as a man) by a burley Lancashire trucker. I think it was me dear or darling, something of that ilk.
This is ok here but /r/askuk is probably a better place for these questions.
Depends on branding. I personally don't mind drinking tap water. It tastes fine to me.
No, not really, there's no motivation great enough for the US and Russia to sling nukes at each other and commit suicide.
The Heat Is On is blocked here in the UK but the soundtrack version is fine : http://youtu.be/9JHhhg9cUjA
You missed 'maybe' off the title. They only state that they're testing for compatibility, it might not pass and if it does that's just the first hurdle.
https://nj.proxfree.com/permalink.php?url=s54aaHA%2FaGsaD5vHs0QZLcUclS%2FcUxrnNZwEMCiA0I%2BIL8YiSBFibBbtUWF2pl%2Fb698rt5xo3OPWBuf3lp4BFQ%3D%3D&amp;bit=1
Obama on Cameron: "what a lightweight!".
Sorry, that probably came across as rude. I just love Snapper so much. For those with an iPad and Snapper 1 it's only when you take snaps in landscape that they are saved in portrait and can be rotated back in the photos app. Easy fix, just a bit of a pain.
&gt;Besides there's still the pesky question of labor and environment laws when manufacturing in the US of A Yeah, it's ironic that an all-controlling Communist state is less controlling in many important respects than many Western countries. I'm not saying it's a good thing, just ironic.
Just need to wait for 9.3 to be released now. It's coming!
I don't sub here, I came via mistyfront but there's something uncanny about that photo. She doesn't look "real" to me. http://i.imgur.com/oDBby4J.jpg
Drugs maybe?
There's a distinct lack of blood, was he already pierced?
You heard wrong, usually the same day with one morning a week set aside for walk-ins. My practice doesn't even allow appointments more than a week in advance.
They need lightening with lightning.
Moss.
Eeny, meeny, miny, moe.../s
&gt; Finland is not planning to scrap its existing benefit system and give everyone an unconditional grant of €800 a month – contrary to what some recent headlines may have told you. http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2015/dec/10/finland-universal-basic-income-ubi-social-security
I know this might sound like a stupid question but what is it?
Can't really tell without banana.
I'm going to guess it's down to the cost of getting a perfectly thin layer of compound on the chip rather than the cost of the compound itself. Most complaints you hear are down to the sheer amount that is applied since the quality of the compound is hard to assess.
With what motivation, to keep the hospitals full ? It's not like they make a profit on people being sick...
Yeah, it's usually applied to food if that wasn't explained. Anything coated in MSG is moreish to me...and Twiglets.
No, it's clean and uncluttered, a bit like linux without the continual googling to fix problems.
Thanks!
https://translate.google.co.uk/translate?sl=nl&amp;tl=en&amp;u=http%3A//www.onemorething.nl/community/topic/dan-maar-zo-foto-iphone-6c/
It's obviously moveable when not in skin contact, it seems to be more concentrated at the edges of objects.
I do wonder if prebuilt boxes could be targetted using the DMCA section on facilitating piracy, the same reason Amazon gave for booting Kodi off their app store.
You mean the people on peoples friends list of over 500 are mostly fakes? That makes me feel better about the 30 people I have on my list who are actually friends and relatives who I see somewhat regularly, even if its often at funerals these days.
non-lovely ladies.
Yup.
Does your colon now feel magical?
or qb
icky but for when it's removed : https://archive.is/EFw3G
Vimeo + Patreon?
Simple, safe and cheap + Google.
[--~~P~~Rick](http://youtu.be/z3HvchF49AM)
It can but you'd need to use a display port to hdmi 2.0 adapter (£10 off Amazon if descriptions are accurate).
...and how would you handle brigade voting?
-e
"Could not read the barcode on READERS WIVES!!" (no idea if they still do porn).
Cut the handles, if they go into landfill wildlife can get caught in them and throttled.
JFC.
Ugh, look at it...all spread out with its guts on the table. NSFL.
Is this a new "challenge" ?
RIP : http://youtu.be/T3Y4HufJ1oE
Don't have time at the moment to search but look up GDI/GDI++
It's almost predictable how often these things happen. America really needs to do something but I'm right out of suggestions /s
Shares in cancer drug suppliers collapse.
Rocket League has taught me not to trust anyone to take the initiative.
&gt; to "settle her heart attack bill" Was the bill the result of treating the heart attack or the cause of it?
Well that's a given.
14 and up should be able to vote in referendums with such long term and far reaching implications such as this.
But they can drink and drive under certain circumstances and it's a really shite parallel to making a decision that definitely will affect their future, drinking and driving can wait, voting isn't something they have that luxury with.
This is not a form factor suitable for overclocking.
Indonesian shoppers are very tall.
I used to be a YT fan, especially Yorkshire Gold but the flavour went downhill imo. PG Tips is and has always been, consistently good.
Couldn't livestreaming be used to achieve this in some fashion using a virtual webcam with the video you're uploading as the source and overlaying the video ID at some point?
That poor girl must have been mortified. It's easy to see how that could have happened and even easier using today's tech.
It's like a back to front Floyd song with the music deep in the background.
Your daily wage is equivalent to some people's monthly wage. Count yourself lucky you were born or moved to a country where you earn that.
At worst under Windows.Old/users/accountname
The only time you'll be thanked for a left hook. I bet there's cases where the punchee tried to litigate though.
There is no way in hell those things are going to be referred to as 'glowing swords'.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Geolocation It doesn't pinpoint but it stops people from other countries or other states as long as your ISP is also registered with your information.
By the same artist - Jesus On Steroids : http://tinyimg.io/i/vxPhpF4.jpeg
Do the bookies have betting on who goes first, Murdoch or Berlisconi?
If we could make a pump that could be powered by the sinoatrial node or pacemaker we'd be sorted, no more immune/rejection responses and mass producable. In the short term, let's hope for one of those battery miracles to appear out of the vapour.
Well fire the cop first and put him in prison and then move onto the others.
It's not really $1k, it needs a custom install per car type which would likely cost more than the box itself if my experience of garages is an accurate gauge.
Welp, there's the subs' icon.
It (the SE) actually looks more like titanium, which is quite classy. Am looking at mine now without the case on so I'd never really noticed.
That's not the point of this, the point is that if you're suspected of a crime they can seize your electronics if they can prove you use a VPN/TOR.
I guess the Euros will be the number one target.
I found it hard to see the light at the end of the tunnel and didn't think anything could change things, I'd had those thoughts for most of my adult life and it was inconceivable to me that anything would make those thoughts go away, therapy, medication...anything. I was shocked when I realised one day I hadn't considered my own mortality in months.
Make sure he knows that having a panic attack doesn't change the way you see or feel about him and he's no less a man than a man having a bad back or headache. It's just a symptom of a chemical imbalance and not an indicator of masculinity.
You first.
For those who were wondering : https://www.reddit.com/r/Ashens/comments/34vxyu/been_bugging_me_for_a_while_who_is_this_man_and/
Same in the UK, but well done! [Unblocked link](https://co.proxfree.com/permalink.php?url=s54aaHA%2FaGsaD5vHs0QZLcUclS%2FcUxrnNZwEMCiA0I%2F%2B5MRQA9xTMRkL%2FlPqS4vJQL529rOEteKihZkhwOWnnQ%3D%3D&amp;bit=1)
Seriously, he should have talked to other countries in private. They could easily make up the shortfall. The world doesn't need Saudi Arabia getting away with this shit.
I like it too and it must be nice for the players to hear it.
Doobie do doobie do doobie do do do ...do
We still have "Top Gear" - the show was always more about the three hosts, people who work on the new BBC version of the show will get jobs elsewhere in the BBC. The BBC were caught between a rock and a hard place but nobody was trying to show anyone anything.
Totally misread that title as Geri Halliwell. The thumbnail didn't help.
Half way there!
&gt; The message exchange between the woman and De Gea continued, and the goalkeeper expressed his interest in the woma’s services again, asking her if shed’d be interested in meeting five players of Manchester United, including himself. Oh hell.
I'm sure that will be a defence in this...
Is 17 considered a minor in Spain or is she 17 now and was 12 then?
[Unblocked Url](https://uk.proxfree.com/permalink.php?url=s54aaHA%2FaGsaD5vHs0QZLcUclS%2FcUxrnNZwEMCiA0I%2F9Qz%2FPV9tvDpkaqeoxK3ajVkN5CpTK%2B6YhHTAExCQq4Aj5aCCu3nd2oi9Tt3ixEv6wYJZfMzO9SUd9K%2B%2FFh3O6&amp;bit=1)
We even get to stay in Eurovision ;(
Come on you sheepies, do the UK proud!
You waited that long? Well done on the journey btw. I know how you're feeling well.
:(
https://blog.torproject.org/blog/bittorrent-over-tor-isnt-good-idea
Yes, it makes an outright ban difficult but it still stops an average guy with a hot head pulling out a gun and killing someone because he feels like it. It has to be planned in the long term to aquire what would be contraband. The same happens in other countries with gun control, yes, shootings happen but at nowhere near the same rate as in America and if the norm becomes criminals that are unarmed then the police will be less trigger-happy too.
EMGW
Honestly?
He obviously was serious at all not.
Fuck Batman too.
Hey look, the top post is wrong! Keep scrolling down to the Sky News Tweet.
Imagine all the people...
Apple really struggled to get a list of 10 (emojis). A lot of those features are available as apps, many are jailbreak type tweaks and why the hell support for the 4s and iPad3 (I don't own either) were dropped for any of them is beyond me. If any of those features really rely on hardware then they could easily have made an iOS10 lite.
You'd be surprised. &gt; the country will need leadership stability in this time of great change. Also, ever seen a broke bookie? https://m.ladbrokes.com/en-gb/#!event_details?id=220800266
Yes, your bottom sweats like every other human.
War.
Defected.
Jebus.
The stare that breeds fear into all pub furniture.
