Just like how I'm white and I'll immediately buy any flavor of Wheat Thins I see Ryan Seacrest eating.
Those boss fights ruin it, though, even in the Director's Cut version. Fucking bullshit.
I know people often choose some of Kanye's cockier lines to represent him as a person, oftentimes as a joke, but there is no line that, to me, defines Kanye as much as the line you just quoted :)
The problem with imagining someone replacing Serj is that it just isn't as easy as if you were to, for example, say "Who would be a great replacement for Scott Weiland in Stone Temple Pilots?" or a good replacement for Billie Joe Armstrong of Green Day, because, while I consider them both to be good vocalists at what they do, they're pretty normal. You can find similar sounding vocalists or at least in the same ballpark, not necessarily in talent, but same uniqueness and overall sound. The most seamless one I can imagine is just Daron doing Serj's vocals because at least we're all used to Daron, even though it'd suck not hearing Serj there, but if I had to pick someone from another band, it'd be Mike Patton of Faith No More/Mr. Bungle who has always been a HUGE influence on Serj and has even done a song with him. Mike has a huge as fuck vocal range, can do all of the screams, weird sounds, etc, and while I don't think it'd be anywhere close to the same thing in terms of feeling, I feel like they could still make genuinely good music still... It just wouldn't feel entirely like SOAD to me.
It doesn't matter what the person's gender was.
But how often do people do that, in comparison to just getting drunk in general?
There's supposedly some line on Infinite that's a direct lift off of an older Cage song, but someone else would have to remember what it is. Also, how can you say it's unlikely he had ever heard of Cage before he recorded the Slim Shady LP, when there are multiple references to Cage on the album?
Man, those robots sure know how to fight..
Not always.. Usually, if you kill every NPC, there's usually a dog you forgot about, and somehow they count as a witness
Fuck, man, I don't know... The force??
i think it was a jokety-joke-joke
it's okay, just send him some chewy chips ahoy cookies in the mail and we'll all be buddies again :)
"With how big of an Eminem fan you are, what do you think of D12?" "HE'S FUCKING GREAT"
I feel like I should note that this is usually just a fantasy and very rarely ever actually happens. Feelings aren't going to appear out of nowhere like a movie.
Fuckin' edgelord.
I can't find anything in Google about them having that line-up.. Throw me in the right direction?
who the fuck are you to say i don't
Not really too scary, but I'm currently in a long distance relationship and sometimes I'll listen to my girlfriend sleep at night over Skype, because I'm up later than her, and sometimes she has breathing issues in her sleep, so naturally I wake her up when I hear her struggling. She has this adorable thing of saying something in her sleep, often not making sense, and then giggling, but a few nights ago she started doing it again, with a "potato sooouup.." out of nowhere, which made me quietly laugh to myself, followed by random gibberish in her sleepy voice, and then after a brief silence, in her normal talking voice: "...And then I killed him." Freaked me the fuck out. Later on when she woke up, I told her about it and she laughed. I know she hasn't actually killed anyone but that's REALLY fucking creepy to hear out of nowhere at 3 AM.
okay, will do
The first I heard was All The Small Things. I actually saw the music video first before the song on just its own, and I was so young and stupid that I thought they were genuinely a boyband, just one with a sense of humor. Cue me hating them for a few years until someone points out to me that the video was a joke. It's not my favorite, but I don't really have a favorite.. It's like picking favorites with your children!
Do you know if The Real Thing is remastered too?
You can also do it by clicking the comment and pressing Z on your keyboard. Same with using A to upvote
Why?
One thing that also made it scarier was that (someone will have to correct me if I'm wrong here) Scott didn't reveal Foxy was in the game in the trailers, so you're trying to survive with just the three others, and then all of a sudden "..What the fuck?! There's another?!" and then he's running down the hallway at you. Scary shit.
hey man, at least you own up to it, so that's great :)
As a Kanye fan, I see a lot more people bring him up positively than negatively. Also, the idea of "hey u guys secretly liek that thing u claim 2 disliek" is stupid.
you can be a 90s kid too if you just believe in yourself
I ended up reading that TRT is remastered too, but.. Part of the appeal behind that record is how dated it sounds, so I don't know how I'm gonna like this. I downloaded it last night and I'm gonna give it a test spin in a bit, but I'm weary because I always remember TRT as being this record by FNM I don't like much, but then I turn it on and it's just like... "Whoa, this is amazing!" and a huge part of it has to do with how it sounds production-wise. Angel Dust was remastered back in.. 2007 or so? I listened to that remaster recently and thought it was actually pretty good, brought out some stuff in the music I had never heard, so I'm curious if this is the same remaster. How's it holding up for you?
I'm listening to the TRT remaster right now and having kind of split feelings about it, but mostly because I've listened to the original so many times: In the original, it seemed like everything was so condensed and almost flat, and it worked because it was a perfect time capsule of that time in music, but this new one... Holy shit. You can hear everything perfectly. Every single little note Billy Gould plays, it's right there, perfectly audible. I had no idea he was doing such crazy shit in some of these songs, like Epic. Now the bass on the old version just sounds flat. This version of the album sounds insane with how bouncy it is (in a good way!) and I highly recommend it so far. About to go into Falling To Pieces and I'm excited. That being said.. We need one of these for Introduce Yourself and KFAD.
Same with how they always do backing vocals for each other, but each of those songs features no backing vocals from the other person.
Wasn't this the theme song to their PS1 fighting game, Wu-Tang Shaolin Style? So fuckin' good..
"We Care A Lot" didn't have any hits on it aside from an early version of the title track. "The Real Thing" was their third album
I remember my older sister, when I quoted the song years back (2009 or so) to her, and she was all "he doesn't say "yeah" in my version, he says "ass". have fun with your censored music." and was completely serious. She was and still is kind of a bitch.
you could at least give him some fucking tampons
Yeah but the beat to Remember The Name is literally a preset loop that Mike added a drum beat to. EDIT: I fucked up, I meant "Believe Me", just like the guy below me did. I don't know how these songs are mentally interchangeable but holy shit.
I love the live versions they've done with other vocalists! So far they've done it with Spencer Sotelo of Periphery, Greg Puciato of Dillinger Escape Plan, and Hayley Williams of Paramore.. I wonder if I'm missing any
I always considered Ryu and Tak as not being official members of FM because they're not on every track with Mike Shinoda, are listed as featured artists, etc, but mostly because Mike Shinoda said that he was going to put out the album under his actual name until he decided he didn't want people to buy the album simply because his name was on it. For me, "Fort Minor" is more like it's just the name of the project, with Mike being the only core and consistent member.
My mom and step-dad got one of those last year because it was cheap on Craigslist and they thought they needed a computer for guests to use whenever they'd come over. Shit weighed 30-40 pounds, it was fucking insane. It couldn't connect to the internet, either. Wonder if anyone's still using these..
What's the idea?
Has that been said anywhere by the band, or is it just a commonly accepted fan theory? I honestly can't think of Hybrid Theory having any "normal society" moments or Meteora being about chaos before the world ends, unless you can point out any lyrics that will stick me in the right direction. That being said, I can see it for all the albums after those two, but I'm just not getting that vibe about the first two.
As much as I love Greg and his immense vocal talent.. Man, this would've been interesting to hear
How is metal dying?
As much as energy is important, I think what's most important is stamina. Do you have the ability to scream like Corey does for at least an hour every night? He's been doing this shit for at least 18 years and I imagine it must hit you like a sack of fucking bricks after a while unless you're REALLY careful with your vocal techniques, which I don't believe Corey was
Fight Fair put out a demo in 2005, but I dunno if Pop Rocks was on it. Maybe you heard it on a friend's MySpace page or something?
"Highlights include the opening title track, "VCR," and "Pigs Fly."" homie he didn't say VCR was the opening title track, VCR was the second highlight for him.
Why not just be happy that someone's contributing so much to this subreddit, and trying to encourage discussion? At the most, all we get now is an occasional photo of a Nightmare version of an animatronic, that just causes us all to go "whoa now THAT'S spooky!!" and that's all, aside from talking about possible theories. We're kind of in a dry moment in the series, which is fine, but it doesn't matter who the post is from as long as the post is made and it can generate discussion
But really.. What can he realistically do? As soon as an update happens, there'll be several threads posted all at once and then a megathread. We'd be kinda limited to only one new post every two weeks or more
i'll fuckin fight andy if i have to
not if you're backing me up, he won't.
and you didn't get her number?
how trill is this cave we're talkin about tho
I just wanted to come by in here and thank you for giving me and my girlfriend so many laughs over the past month or so, when I managed to get her into GG by having her watch a video or two. She wasn't up for it initially, but now she loves you guys, and I'm really glad you're on the show, man. It's been a great two years worth of material, and I can't wait to see what else you do, be it on GG or otherwise! Now, as for my question.. How are you doing today? :)
Does weed help with not cumming? I've never heard about this..
"Stronger Than I Was" and "Space Bound" weren't fucked up!
Do you have a source on that?
I messaged a girl "You wanna know the difference between your dad and me? I haven't fucked you yet." two years ago, and now we've been in a great relationship for two years. Shit is fucking CRAZY dude
Why?
A lot of this seems like pure speculation, especially since the story of how they got the name "Hollywood Undead" doesn't match up to what they say on the Desperate Measures DVD, Jeffree Star was never an official member of the band in any context, they don't need to sue Deuce for any rights since Octone already owns all of them, they'd never just replace Danny with Charlie due to Charlie's limited vocal range, and it all just comes across as pure fan speculation that was caused by a "what if?" conversation and then taken off from there. Here's another good one: Why the fuck would HU have anything against 9 Lives when Jimmy Yuma and other members of the crew are in the music video for Everywhere I Go? One more? Okay: Why the fuck would Danny leave Hollywood Undead, a famous band that would bring in suitable income for his wife and daughter, for Lorene Drive, a band that never reached stardom and whose last release was in 2008? There's a lot more I could point out, but this has so many fucking holes in it. Unless you can provide proof that you know the band personally, I don't believe a word of it past it being just your own personal thoughts, and as such, shouldn't be labeled as the truth. Please don't try to parade any of this around as fact.
It's just intended to be a good, warm moment for the audience to partake in, given that the majority of people there have heard the song, and most likely have never heard the song in a loud, live environment, so it leads from something that feels empowering to Kanye's music, which in itself many people view as empowering. The fact that his vocals were good, but not -great- like Mercury's are great, in my honest opinion: It shows genuine emotion through his flawed voice. It reminded me of all the times I've secretly sung along to my favorite songs in my room when I was younger, but now Kanye has chosen to (along with giving that warm, familiar feeling to the audience) take it to a live stage, allowing everyone to sing at the top of their lungs without a care. I could totally be going RapGenius here, but that's just the feeling I got from it, but let's be real: No one can do a Queen song the same level of justice that Freddie Mercury could, so I wasn't expecting much vocally, but holy shit.. I would've loved to have been a part of that live :)
Did you get automatically pm'd or what? I wasn't aware this was a notification you could get
I used to be a fan of Meshuggah, and I've even seen them live in concert, but where the actual fuck are you going with that comparison?
What mental illness do you have?
You're still not providing proof and are still parading this as the truth.
"This isn't the absolute guaranteed truth" "The Real Truth.txt"
Literally? Where'd it blow you away to?
What were the two you've gotten?
yeah but he doesn't really do horror games anymore, just random flash games on the internet
vid was taken down.. who was the comedian and what'd they say?
Thanks to this comment, I just watched two minutes of the film on YouTube and I am of the honest opinion that it is one of the worst animated films I've ever even partially seen
Don't risk it for this biscuit
Since I'm not really a musician (I make beats sometimes but I don't really know much about music theory or whatever) some of this might as well be Chinese to me. Could you point out a specific timeframe in a song I could examine?
&gt; I was, and still am, a huge Cars fan You NEED to do an AMA
I saw Ratatouillie (not even sure if I spelled that right, and I was looking at the word the entire time) shortly after it came out and didn't really like it, but it just came to my attention recently that it's a Pixar film (which I didn't know when watching) so I feel like I need to give it another shot now, especially since I like Patton Oswalt now. That being said, on the subject of Pixar.. I've never dug Wall-E and I don't understand why. I watched it for the first time a few months ago, thought it was cute and a little heart-warming, but I didn't really get much enjoyment out of it overall. What am I missing?
Well... What kind of music do ya like? :)
I'm gonna be honest with you: Some people just don't like drawn pictures of themselves, like me. If someone draws me and nails it... I fuckin' hate it because I don't like how I look. Maybe you got it perfect and she's just insecure?
Katie was actually the only girlfriend you couldn't have sex with!
What'd you do/say after?
Believe it or not.. There's an easy but INCREDIBLY hidden way to get infinite health on the first level, and for the rest of the game. On one of the cabinets, crouch down on the right side of one of the drawers (I can't remember if it's the first or the second one) for a few seconds, until your cowboy star starts to spin, and BAM, infinite health for the rest of the game. I have no fucking idea how my brother discovered this in the 90s.
I haven't heard the Pac album produced by Em, but hear that it was negatively received. What was so bad about it?
..What the actual fuck.
Finland, by any chance? I had a friend go through a mandatory military service in Finland, and I don't know of any other countries that do that
Frozen corn ending up in the brownie mix.. Gross shit
Fuck.
What will this do?
I love the Beastie Boys but what are some moments to you that Adrock really stands out in? And over MCA and Mike D?
show proof tho
michael cera
I'd fucking dig the hell out of a good Beastie Boys one, or to potentially shut up dumbasses, a Kanye one
How is it specifically a fat person thing?
how were Mark's vocals autotuned? there's just a lot of reverb on them
No, he's a West.
2009 was 7 years ago
i am sorry to hear that /u/BackAlleyPrisonRape
I'm sure you can safely believe a good deal of it, because of his confirmed kills (unless someone can tell me otherwise), just not this shit and the Katrina thing (if it's mentioned)
I think I missed something: It's just a blank white page with a heart in the top left, and social media options in the top right. Is my browser not loading something?
damn i had someone tell me it was a public enemy parody lmao
and here i was thinking we had a freddie mercury flair for no reason
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dr._Dre#Violence_against_women
&gt; But people are different and Em never took it to a physical level? Even though he made a serious song called "Love You More" talking about the toxicity of their relationship, and included the lines: "You throw me out the house, I throw you on the couch, Punch you in the mouth, Fist fight 'til we turn this mother OUT" You can't even say "but they were BOTH fighting" because Eminem was clearly the instigator in this situation he's recalling, and even then, it'd be self-defense on her part. I guarantee your opinion of Dr. Dre and Eminem's abusive situations would change completely if it was your sister or daughter getting hit, and it wouldn't be "a mistake" How old are you and how long have you been an Eminem fan?
So you're saying you don't believe something even if Eminem very clearly says it in a serious song? It's not like Relapse and other shit where it talks about fictional victims and fictional, exaggerated crimes, he was talking about his relationship very seriously in this song. "Love The Way You Lie" is a song that partly deals with regretting the terrible shit you've put your partner through. The reason why they made the song together is because it's very monumental for an artist who frequently talks about domestic abuse (in an explicit, harmful way) to do a song with someone who was actually a victim of domestic abuse. I don't know what standard you're holding up Eminem to strictly as a person, but people can have their faults.
7 years? Damn.. I know it's a short amount of time in all actuality, but it doesn't feel like that long ago. Crazy how time passes..
Fictional events, and most of the victims on Relapse are fictional unnamed characters. If you can't believe Eminem himself when he does a serious song about his actual life, then I don't know what to tell you, and it's weird that you can take -any- Eminem seriously when you can't believe him talking about his own relationship and the faults of both Eminem and Kim in "Love You More", showcasing both of their faults as a couple. Yes, "Love The Way You Lie" was about an abusive relationship, which both Eminem and Rihanna have been in. Using your logic, you can say "if Chris Brown REALLY hit Rihanna then how come she got back with him?? huh??" and then you realize things can be a lot more complicated when it comes to love than most would think. Even if I linked you to sources of Kim talking about it, you'd just dismiss it as her trying to hurt Em's legacy or trying to get money by supposedly lying. There is absolutely no use.
So "Headlights" wasn't about his mom because his mom wasn't in the video..? Am I being fucked with right now?
What type and brand of controller are you using?
The one I'm using is a Joytech controller that I think was used for the original Xbox. I keep reading about Joytek controllers being compatible but I don't think they're the same thing
Do I download the entire thing as a .zip or is there something specific I should go for? Sorry, I REALLY am not too tech-savvy!
Just known for good covers, like how Odi Acoustic is notable for having covered a lot of Blink-182 (and their side projects') songs
Which is..?
I've been following this guy for three fucking years to see the ridiculous songs and videos he makes. I REALLY recommend no one here fuck with him so we can see more shit he unironically makes.
This fucking blew my mind to see him mentioned here. I'M COOOOMING HOOOOOME
Was it any of these? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/So_Far_Gone_%28EP%29#Track_listing
I'd recommend getting the ATH-M50x instead. Comes with the ability to remove the cable, and three cables in total. I actually got mine by mistake on Amazon's part, because I ordered the M50s and was kicking myself after for not getting the M50x, but lo and behold, they accidentally sent me the more expensive pair. The sound quality and everything is the exact same, but I dunno, I appreciate having a removable cable.
I have Suddenlink and it sucks ass until around 1 AM, for some reason. Who is the best ISP in Bastrop? I live in a relatively rural area, so I'm not sure if Suddenlink is the best for me..
Hey.. You could always take her to a Dillinger Escape Plan concert. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r-lxwlgyhhA
That is a good point.. But who knows? Stranger things have happened :)
The overly religious lyrics on the first album make me cringe. It felt like Matt was forcing in "Jesus" into all of the lyrics regardless of what the song was even about.
Most people call her fake because of the constant name changes/musical direction changes she's had over the years. They view it as "Lizzy Grant/May Jailer didn't sell, so here's her newest persona!"
Why'd you quote that?
Why don't you just tell your wife you're a fan? Ain't nothin' wrong with that
I'm not a juggalo but I hold some respect for those guys. Their production back in the day was pretty good, and even the people that hate them, in my experience, know of at least two songs that are, in their words, "fucking hilarious" The key is to just not take them seriously or model your life after them
Ain't that beef tho?
What would the Brendon Urie of 2005 think of the Brendon Urie of 2016's success?
You've always struck me as being a Mike Patton fan, or at least a Mr. Bungle fan. Any truth to that?
Did you have any anxiety concerning the release of "Pretty. Odd." and how it might be received, after PATD's debut was so well-received? I always thought it was a risky move that lead to an incredible album!
What am I missing about the second picture?
What's it like being a Shinoda stan?
what if they just don't like hip-hop, his voice, or anything outside of their favorite genres? it's possible to not like hip-hop/kanye's music and not be racist, y'know
&gt; raped you have no idea of the severity of rape
Can you point out anything he's been wrong about? I've only seen a few of his videos
Can I get a version of this with "Childish Gambino" instead of "Greatest Hits" in the middle? This is fucking awesome!!
Thank you!! :)
damn i should have known when you used that word that you weren't really using that word
le masta trololo
I'd love to see one done for Dr. Dre eventually, given all of his loose tracks, especially from this and last year, but is linking/asking for loose track downloads against the rules?
where the fuck do you live?
i wish someone would tell Necro that
pls don't be a meaniepie
How old are you?
Looks like you still got the stereotypical rock star attitude from him.
what is decent music then?
Where was this confirmed??
What are some albums you got when you were just getting into hip-hop, that later (let's say years) astounded you by just how good they were/how lucky you were to have them as one of your firsts? I think my first ever hip-hop album was Paul's Boutique when I was 13, when I was in a CD store trying to choose between it or Check Your Head, and I loved it, but it took me years to realize just how lucky I was that it was my first. I fucking love the instrumental work on that album. I had no idea what I was in for.
dude
i hope the eggs have been frozen and we'll be able to buy them one day. it would be the ultimate gift for any fan!!
He even has the fucking beat and hook down exactly like Eminem would do, it's pretty crazy.
all over youtube, and i think he has a few official releases out
I've heard it advertised a lot, but it just doesn't seem to be there. I've found forums of people talking about it working for them, though.
Just shave it all off if there's anything left, man. Some dudes look good as fuck bald. I bet even if you don't think you're gonna look good bald/shaved, it's still gonna work out in your favor.
The Music Manager? Yes! Is there any other way?
I'mma party like le warchild xDD
There has actually been a massive spike in bands going to 7 and 8 strings these past few years with the whole djent movement shit. Right off head, I can name Periphery, Animals as Leaders, Meshuggah, Between the Buried and Me, Deftones, and a lot more. I dunno (since I'm not a guitarist) just how much that additional string makes in the music, but it definitely is picking up.
because "play with" in that slightly-angry voice J-Dog's using would sound cringe as fuck my nathan
J-Dog definitely helps scream it live but the studio version is all Deuce since it's virtually unchanged in "When We Ride"
prolly The Phantom
what about when they remixed Deuce's "When We Ride" for "Dead in Ditches" jk deuce is better than this shit band
are you seriously even suggesting that Vik might not be a reliable source?
Can you PM it to me?
Cod Metal King is one of my favorite SYL songs. Underrated as fuck!
FUCK
i can't ever bring myself to play it because of the lack of a jump button. i hate pressing the analog stick up to jump
No? And even then, who cares? Why even post this?
OP, this is gonna be my go-to video any time someone is all "pushing buttons isn't music" That was fucking insane
why are you here
They better fucking name this album "Never Going Down"
If you've already bought them, ain't nothing wrong with downloading a torrent of something you already legally purchased
One of the things I hate about him is how he used to trash trap music, auto tune, etc, and then he made that "No Words" song, people liked it, and now some of his new singles have trap beats and auto tune.
HMF had a far worse fanbase though.
This thread makes me smile, OP. Not the replies, but the idea of it is adorable I'm currently fighting a cold and fever at the same time, and am playing through Saints Row 2 to make myself feel a little bit better. How you doin', OP?
You can dedicate it to me instead, to change the memory associated with the song. Just lemme know how to break your heart and we'll get started
How many friends did you have? Did you get out often? And finally, would you homeschool your child?
There are some live albums, bonus tracks, and unreleased stuff, but that's it IIRC
Oh man it's gotten so much worse. They are violating privacy and being complete hypocrites. I don't know what's worse: the dudes like Garrett who would try to act hard online, or these new dumbasses that rolled in.
How much did yours cost?
Please someone record this!!!
Why not?
Yo...
I think Buckethead is an amazing guitarist but you have to wonder how much of that is particularly noteworthy. He dropped an album a day back in October and I can't imagine them all being that great.
Nah I haven't heard anything about doxxing. I got on briefly a year ago, made a joke in a post towards someone I was friends with, I think Arran, and this random fucking dipshit with an Agent 47 avatar private messages me telling me to be nice. I ask if he's a mod, he says no, and I tell him to fuck off. Then out of nowhere Jardel joins the conversation threatening to ban me for being "hostile" and how that wasn't welcome (how the fuck did he see our messages and JOIN the actual conversation?), I asked him where this attitude was when Heliophobic was getting bullied pretty bad, and never got a response. HMF were and still are pretentious twats who get power-hungry. They killed off their community. Good fucking riddance.
An avant-garde masterpiece
How do you feel, OP?
I felt like he spent too much time explaining the joke before the song and should've just cut out the intro, tbh
It won't let me download :( Is there anywhere else I can find this?
What's the source on Feldy doing that? That sounds stupid as fuck
Yeah I understand that, but as a listener I kinda wish he'd just take the best 12 tracks out of those sessions and release a great album. I also just feel sad when looking at how many albums he released that year, and feel like it was a coping device he was using for handling the death of his father. Buckethead has always hidden his face but after his dad died, he made a photo of the both of them the cover to one of his albums, and.. Shit, man. It hit me in the feelings.
Got any pictures of him unmasked?
one time, I ordered a Reel Big Fish CD (I was 13) from Amazon and it had a fake fold-over 50 dollar bill inside advertising for the store it came from. if that wasn't enough for me to want to catch a body, the shitty CD was
That's when you give me the other half
"Secrets" bumps still, and there's a longer version of it out there if you haven't heard it, but it's hilarious how it actually gets censored at one point "Blowing -shit- up like Baghdad in my lab" Will.I.Am pls
i had this shit back in the day! man, that's a throwback.. while we're on the topic of Cartoon Network working with musical artists, here's a huge throwback from back in the day: [GO MONKEY GO](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5lYZcIC6bqU)
One song on ATS that was pretty cool was "Blackout", they switched it up by having Chester rapping and Mike singing
Edge.
Where's a confirmation that she smokes weed? Also, two more interesting Lights facts: She was the guitarist for a metal band in her teenage years, and sampled a Nas song for "Quiet"!!
My God, I had never heard this song or her cover, but the lyrics sent chills down my spine.. Beautiful vocals from her, as always. Rest in peace.
She never struck me as a smoker! I wonder when she picked up smoking..
I can't find anything by tracing the photo via Tineye or Google Images, but OP, if you've been dating a few months and only live 25 minutes from each other, but have never met up, something is up, and even then, no matter how busy your schedule is, if you have enough time to have a girlfriend, you can easily find even just -one- minute of any single day in those months to video chat her. Even if he's not a catfish, treat yourself better, OP.
I'd say even up until Little Machines I couldn't imagine it. Maybe it had something to do with meeting and marrying Beau Bokan? But then again, I have no idea if he smokes weed.
And what exactly have they done to warrant an early, unnatural death?
They weren't parodies.
Fr? I've seen love for Carly, Taylor, Janelle, Jean Grae, Snow tha Product, K.Flay, Gangsta Boo and Lauryn Hill over there
This is confusing.. The police are reporting Kevin James Loibl did it, who looks nothing like that.
