I came here to talk about the Patriot but OP already mentioned it. there was just about nothing accurate on the movie. The main character doesnt even exist and is created from two real people. On top of this the climactic battle (i think Cowpens) wasnt even that important to the overall war...
Oh i forgot about the 13th warrior. its a movie about a middle eastern prince who goes to Scandinavia and ends up joining a group of vikings who go on a journey to liberate/save another group of Scandinavians. He cant speak their language but slowly learn it over months of listening. eventually he crafts his own sword and is accepted by the vikings and pretty much becomes one of them by them end. Edit: fixed spelling
the crystal itself creates the power, it is held by a containment field in the saber i believe there is an actuater that activates the crystals energy, like light on a photograph type chemical reactions. i dont remember but i read somewhere about it, its just been years.
pretty much during that period. However during the conquest of christianity, especially spreading to english isles and such it was really just one of those "hey they worship something other than christ. Lets kill some of them, persecute the others and eventually theyll be scared and join us" If you really look into how we got the current visuals of the Devil it is actually based on and very similar to a Celtic deity who was pretty much the personification of nature to the Celts.
Austria, Australia, Argentina
if it were highschool i would have a bunch but university not so much
only 2 people on the show are from New Jersey, but pretty much everybody i know hates new jersey...
American here. You hold the fork the left hand especially when using it to hold food when cutting with a knife. Although, when i travel outside my state i sometimes get weird looks for it.
fair enough, i actually enjoyed it for what it was, just the blending of history and fairytale kind of bugged me.
tumblr
Music. whenever im not thinking about something i have some sort of music in my head, usually symphonies and such but thats my favorite kind of music
Captain Hook in the original story was trying to save the kids when they got too old because Peter Pan would kill them because they werent kids.
upvote because you beat me to it.
Yoda's birthday. he's been around for 800 years (by the prequels) he's been the head of the council for how man of those?
yeah in the original story Peter Pan was actually the bad guy. (the stories all had a twist or horror of some sort, like Cinderella had the two sister cutting their feet to fit the glass shoe) Captain Hook was just trying to save kids before they were killed.
1812 Overture, finale. Cannons galore. I considered Always Look on the Bright Side of Life, but that would be more leaving the battle (sorry for no link cant post it atm)
I picked a fight with my brother who is 5 years older, because he got me in trouble. Long story short i almost got stabbed...
Peter Pan is actually the bad guy. Captain Hook is just trying to save the kids Peter kidnapped, because when they get too old, Peter takes them into the forest and kills them.
Being stabbed with a spoon. It has to penetrate 2 inches into me.
Hot chocolate and Mcgriddle sandwiches breakfast is on me, forever.
if I read this 4 hours from now, that would be me.
hey can i get my bass amp repaired?
this is like the 5th thread ive done this on but Captain Hook is actually the goodguy in the original Peter Pan story. Captain Hook was just trying to save kids from Peter Pan who would kill his kidnapped kids when they grew too old.
i just made a similar comment.
nah, its a thing my band friends and i do, see other reply, i honestly could care less about my Karma I'm on reddit for laughs during school.
Personal favorite my friend came up with: I want you backing: Michael asks a girl to sing backup for him.
i bet getting all of them at once would be pretty difficult
I thought about replying with something about amnesia, but i forgot what i was gonna say
O
this is very common, as many southern roads are placed on old paths between farms and such, as infrastructure wasnt need for straight roads, as many farms were self sufficient for the most part. I should also mention that Vehicles are prepped for cold weather in the north, school buses get special prep for super cold weather.
TLDR: video can be used if mentioned by anyone, or taken from a security camera If the video were taken by, say a security camera on a neighbor's house, the Police can ask for that film, or even take that, and it WOULD hold up in court. Also, if any person were to mention a video during court proceedings, the court would ask for it, and at that point even if taken wrongly, would hold up because of a court mandate.
If my memory serves correctly, Herman was the second big one after GHG, who was popular in the 1910's and early 20's, Herman became Green's "rival" (even though they really never crossed paths) in the late 20's and 30's. Where Green focused and played more xylo stuff, especially rags; Herman was the first American 4 mallet marimba soloist, and he played all kinds of pieces, particularly versions of classical music, and piano music set for Marimba solo over either an orchestra or piano accompaniment. (source: my private lesson teacher who specializes in early percussion)
Drum corps method, that i apply even for concert applications: Play 2 mallet runs/pieces while holding 4 mallets, and dont let the outers touch the board, builds hand strength and keeps outers from messing up a piece
i believe they meant non-standard design, rattan mallets bend over time due to moisture and general use
...ok... ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
"Harry Potter, the boy who lived, come to die" entire plot of the movie...
*A man chooses a slave obeys...*
the site itself isnt, a major group of the users are however, as the site was founded and is based in a strong left leaning area.
whats the first name of the main dude from that Hamilton musical?
How many percussionist does it take to change a lightbulb? 1 to do and then repair and tune everything else while the rest dick around....
more as in going away from A=440, thats what i thought they mean, however im not sure.
thanks, that really makes sense as the ones i was looking at had marimbas with low pitch more often, for a richer sound.
Avengers Wars: A New Hope Basically Civil War but in space, and maybe they will reconcile
I wonder if OP has ever driven on an Ohio highway... Way more potholes there than on the side roads.
I-75 north of Cinci has been under constant construction since the 70's... and still has hundreds of potholes
i believe the specifications for the new Gerald Ford class' rectors was around 300 MW although i may be wrong.
fair enough on the TMI, i completely agree with naval reactors being safer on a number of points
construction season hasnt ended since my mother was in high school
The real problem is that even Americans dont know, The media, all of them rarely tell the whole truth. Almost every "poll" they give, has been manipulated, or given to certain people to give the answers the media wants... (source: uncle works for a major media source, and covers political issues/gives "polls")
TLDR: CS is easier to work with for competitions and is built for precision whereas CoD is built for speed. CS has been around longer, and is built for team tactical co-op play(ie: slow, precise) that has real world stats built in, and places more emphasis on being precise and attacking first. CS is built for PC and therefore is easier to set up for a major competition. CoD is built for individual play with fast rounds and easy to use weapons. It places emphasis on speed of rounds and of players, and uses easy to use weapons, that dont take as much skill or practice to use effectively. This takes the precision away from gameplay by allowing someone who is attacked to turn on, and kill an attacker much more easily than in CS. CoD is developed with consoles in mind more than computers and with that, is more difficult to set up for a major competition.
From my experience the Vic Firth pads have a good bounce that is similar to playing tenors. I have a 12" double sided pad and the soft side is great for tenor practice, while the hard side is very close to the feel of a kevlar snare head.
As far as snare sticks go, im a fan of the Hardimon's for marching snare(great weight, balance, and dont need extra tape) and for concert/drumset i would suggest Buddy Rich's above all others if you can find them, they are larger and heavier than most set sticks so they get better volume. they are also shaped with a tapered shoulder-head section so they wont get caught and give a wider range of sounds, finally they are coated for extra durability.
The only issue of the Vic Firth snare pad is that the soft side is very bouncy compared to many others, although it is still good. I actually use it for tenor practice when i dont have a tenor pad. The Hard side is great, it feels just like a kevlar head.
Having sheet music isn't considered unprofessional per say, many groups choose not to have sheet music in their looks. If you think about bands, many songs are either done by ear, and never written down, or are and are sometimes read in studio for recordings. Musicians use sheet music at times, but with what the crowd is shown, we dont see that.
Spartan IV's. the III's were basically just cannon fodder, in the books i think it was Jericho 3 they raided, there were something 500 of them, and barely any survived. Read Ghosts of Onyx(i think thats the one) That also explains how Frederick, Kelly and Linda survive all the stuff going on.
i was about to say the chair but you two already hit it pretty well
"What is your name?" "I am Arthur, king of the Britons" "What... is your quest?" "To seek the Holy Grail" "What... is the air-speed velocity of an unladen swallow?" "What do you mean? An African or a European swallow?" "Huh? I... I don't know that... AUUUUUUUGGGGGGGGGGGHHH!!" "How do you know so much about swallows?" "Well, you have to know such things when you're a king, you know."
Long...live...the...king
I pick things up and i put them down
oh also lots of plants, and poop
My starbucks is now made of chocolate chip cookies... eh could be worse
Of course monogamy is a myth? Who ISN'T in a polygamous relationship? I mean its like you people hate fun, and all things good in the world. (source:¯\_(ツ)_/¯) Edit: Misspelled polygamous
Anakin Skywalker in Forest Gump, see what Galactic events He unknowingly shapes.
mate try Holsts the Planets, specifically Mars, spooky boner...
From my experience, the German speaking countries are pretty good, most people speak english as well as german, and the languages are very similar so you could pick things up just by listening
well, most likely the lowest note, its usually to low to hear clearly
hate
good
any cake loving heathens that comment here better watch out
it depends, my highschool works on a Block schedule, so we have a class only every other day, but we meet for 90 minutes a period. so we do homework like colleges do
kill
him
have
Please become a speaker about situational awareness.
You, my friend are the real MVP. Even if there is only one lane, I will try and position myself so there may be enough space for someone else to turn.
Yes. I work in a place where I get lots of phone calls wondering if we have such and such or if we can make a delivery. With older people, and a large variety, a quick good bye can get you a long way.
They will hurt after a while, but it depends on how strong your code is more than anything. My first suggestion to any snare and tenor players is to start a regimen to build up your core strength to carry the drums for a long period of time.
I would be fine with kenwood as I go there regularly, and it would help to stay away from competition in West Chester/Mason which have been receiving the popular places like Marion's and Canes
Yes indeed it is, beautifully jagged is probably the best description I've hear for that note.
That sucks mate, I had something very similar happen to me in fourth grade, where I left a school because of a very similar principal. Hopefully everything's ok now.
Whose food the cat or the wife?
Fair enough, but unfortunately at least up here, people are more likely to go for the thin crust pizza this the deep dish.
Sorry m8
It's when he runs after his son's bus that hits me.
Fuck man, iron giant hit way too hard
What I've found is that hardly anybody in Cincinnati is actually making a stink(aside from my brothers father in law)
Idk if you can get it/ for cheap, but there's a program my school used (they gave students computers) called Dyknow,. They were able to take control of our computers, see whatever we did, shut them down or just watch us, or even play the games we had pulled up for us, without the students knowing. Also they used it for teaching.
These experiences cause me to leave a school, and taught that if you get into a fight, you better damn well be the only one walking away.
I went to an all male Catholic highschool, and technically, the archdiocese says they can't refuse to admit a girl, they can raise tuition to crazy amounts but they can't say no
I know a lot of public school kids in America that are forced to use the foam balls in gym for football/soccer...
Go to a private school most places require skirts
Have some nice Reddit silver
Pretty much in Cinci, it isn't even an issue...
I've only seen Cinci people that don't give a shit
Take your damn upvote
"I'm Guy Fieri and we're rolling out..."
You mean commander crunch...
It's just the Smith&amp;Wesson 500, no magnum
I know someone whose name is Richard Dickman, and let's just say that his name fits his personality.
Yes, it was written specifically for Lion King
Kevin
Not particularly fun after a certain age though, speaking from experience, also ringworm is NOT fun
It's been exploding around my area with FC Cincinnati
It's not really all that impressive. They used to hold highschool state finals there, and the stadium is small and all concrete. The museum itself is kinda meh.
I wouldn't say major, aside from when the World Cup or the Olympics roll around, most US people couldn't give a shit. However, it is beginning to grow, exponentially so around me with FC Cincinnati, but overall it still has a ways to go
Like u/invertedearth said, a time signature is a way of counting time in a piece of music. Specifically 4/4 talks about the the number of beats (the number of times you count) over the basic note, the quarter note(think of 1/4). So, in one measure(the basic unit of music), in 4/4 there would be 4 quarter notes in that measure, and you would count them as "1, 2, 3, 4". This is because there are four counts as shown in the numerator.
... I had no problem with mine
Amen to both of you, you managed to put something that pisses me off into better words than I can
For me, my right thumb and palm hold the low strings while my left Palm/fingers hold the top strings. As for playing, I hold my right hand almost as if I'm using it as a "person" all fingers are limp/folded except for my index and middle finger, which I keep loose for speed and general tone.
Greek fire was able to burn underwater supposedly and still kept most of its characteristics, also apparently it burned a blue-green
Actually, the US expected an assault in the Philippines because that was where the Japanese were conquering at the time. After the oil embargoes, Japan felt that war was necessary and that the US would expect an attack in the Philippines, so instead they attacked Pearl Harbor in an effort to put the US fleet out of action. This action thoroughly surprised the US.
The entire reason for knowing that answer
If that was the case, the naval command would not leave 9 battleships and other support ships in port. At the very least they would notify the carriers of an incoming attack and keep them nearby in order to fly sorties to combat the Japanese attackers. The other ships in port were all post-ww1 ships and would not be sacrificed so they could go to war. 3000+ US servicemen and civilians died in the attack. Every single case that the US knew of an attack ahead of time at the very least evacuated civilians. Even before it was a country, at the battle of Lexington, civilians were all evacuated and the battle took place in a deserted town save for the Mass. Militia. The only known case of a country refusing to evacuate civilians due to an incoming battle, was Stalin with the battle of his city(Stalingrad). The argument presented has no basis and makes no logical sense in a wartime or even a near future wartime situation. Battleships cost an exorbitant amount of money to build, even then. Even with carriers, there is no way that the US Navy would allow such an investment go to waste.
Thank you for this answer. I made a response that was more for an explanation of how an object has no pitch versus those that do. However this was incredibly detailed and well made. Kudos to you my friend.
I think you are looking more for overtones. Overtones are what actually creates different octaves and what allows for different types of tuning. The bars are shaped and tuned so that he overtones they create match the desired pitch. Think of it as Legos. If your goal is to build a tower. You need to stack a few different Legos on one another. This same principal is how tuning and pitches work. That is also the reason why the overtone series gets closer together the higher in frequency you go.
Yes they do. Harmonic overtones are what create a pitched instruments sound while Inharmonic tones help to create a white noise sound, but those Inharmonic tones conflict with each other due to destructive resonance and die out quickly leaving the harmonic tones, which in the case of a cymbal are what created the fundamental
Eyy somebody knows. Larkin actually came and visited this last year and he stopped in to say hi to his government teacher who happens to be my home room teacher. I got to chat with him for a bit
Yes, yes I do. I've met him a few times because I do a lot around the school and some of it involves the football program
Well, I've written a 20 page paper on this before, at least my opinion on the matter is that it shocked the Japanese to the point that they ended the war with less deaths than a full scale invasion where every citizen would fight to protect their emperor.
It would take longer than an already too long reply to accurately explain this. The Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor for a couple reasons. The US had put a full oil embargo on Japan, leaving them with just a 90 day supply. This would cripple the entire nation and was seen as an act of war. Now, the Japanese were galavanting around the South Pacific near the US controlled Philippines. The US thought that they would attack there in order to take control of the resources there and because it was the closest US installation. However, knowing this, the Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor for a surprise attack. The second reason for attack Hawaii was to knock out as much of the US Pacific fleet as possible in order to keep a counter attack at bay. They knew that at best they had a 50% chance of catching the carriers in port because they had to be at sea for training while all others were able to train in port. Because of this, the main targets were the 9 battleships stationed there. They hoped to knock out the main US force and to sucker punch them into staying out of the war. TLDR: Japanese wanted to surprise the US and knock out any chance of a counter-attack
At that time the battleship was considered to still be the capital ship. The Carrier was only used as the major offensive by the Japanese at the onset of the war. This being the case, they also knew that the carriers were only in port for resupply as they could only do training at sea. Edit: a word
American living in a super Germanic area. We somehow took both large portions and really good quality food, but of course there's no way you can finish the amazing food in one sitting, it's sad
The rule here is if they did good service around 20% is normal, but pretty much $5 is actually more common
This isn't very conducive to or against the point I made. Also, the decision to try Emperor Hirohito was solely on MacArthur, the ranking Commander post-war. He decided against it saying that the Japanese would be more open to influence if Hirohito was not tried.
Thank you, I couldn't remember what convinced him.
K9 konsume K9
Neat, this is actually a joke from my drumline in highschool. We had a drum cheer called "dog eat dog" and we would jokingly say either "canine consume canine" or "KKK"
Yes, we do unfortunately, our government decided that if employers state a job has tips as part of their income, they can pay around half of minimum wage and say that the tips are their other income. So, it forces us to tip even if people are assholes, luckily I've never had a server who was horrible, just some that were a cut above the rest.
I see you're part of the Kool Kids Klub
I had a teacher tell me he was giving me 2 hours of homework every night, and then the other 6 teachers fucked me over, let's just say I barely passed
I actually threatened that once, my biology teacher did not like me afterward... Edit: this happened on a day where I had one teacher the entire day because we had no actual classes. So I had spent 5 hours with this dude and I needed to take a shit very badly, he still wouldn't let me, so I pulled this because the last person who said he had to or else the room would be sodden was ridiculed by the teacher for weeks.
Agreed, live here, and nobody I know gave 2 shits about it. Although I will say, I heard a lot of people talking agreement with the decision to not prosecute.
Yeah, I've had that too.
Thank you somebody else looks back at history and sees that we are making the same mistakes. Also have an upvote for the Twain reference
I don't but I appreciate the time put in, and the history on the historical ones
You need to be more careful and control your heights. The diddle in 43 was crushed and your ruffs aren't speaking.
I always knew it as a suicide of suicide rub
I wish they had more poutine joints in my city, we're like the one US place that has even a small appreciation for poutine. That sounds delicious. The best poutine in my city is at a place called Senate. They specialize in hotdogs but have a braised pork poutine that is to die for.
Yes sir
Yes more specifically that was a paragraph by the snare tech
If it's 90 degree, that would be boxing. I remember that from years ago. If it weren't 90 then it may have been marching band... So boxing?
Fair enough. I know of the Georgia shuffle as a swing Rhythm
Drumline specifically snare
Name checks out
It's illegal in my state to use them, not to sell(need license) but to use
They could always do what they did to darkrai and ban its signature move. Darkrai is only a UU without dark void. Also on that note I find it odd that Arceus is only an uber
Shut it freshman
As was a joke within our DCA corps last year the answer to that is "Bugatti"
Well I mean they're already fucking on the side
Nope, ohio. Look up Ken Griffey Junior's highschool
We are actually super tiny, but one of the top BOA bands is 5 minutes from where I live. Mason has a ridiculous program, but another school has over 400 members this year...
The Fruit of Grisaia fucked me up just because when I watched it I was going through some serious shit, and it really put everything into perspective for me. It ended up helping me realize what I needed to do, and for that I love, not to mention the awesome story.
You know, I loved the show up till the second season finale, that pissed me off for some reason
Don't have a link (read: too lazy) but in Bladedance of the Elementalers, just for sheer WTF, the scene with Est and chocolate...
Sekirei needs one now. That story is ridiculously good but it's been 5 years since the last season
Came here to comment your number 4 also extras 13, 70, and 80 Extra 48 (IS) could use one for sure because season two just is a terrible place to leave off
I fucking love Grisaia, it hit me way too hard though at times But for me, story or at least the prospect of a good story, or a good romance lead
Romance+badassery+good story Think Ah! My Goddess, or Sekirei
Well part of that is that they don't use our versions of scales and tones. They use primarily pentatonics and half/quarter tones, which gives it an "oriental sound"
Learning music, in the classical sense is hard because people don't denote time to practicing it. Once you learn the notes on the staff, and how they transpose to your instrument, there's a period of time where you will have to write in note names or fingerings when you play but it gets to the point where you just see the note and your muscles do it automatically. Granted for percussion and other keyboards it is a little more difficult than that
I had to teach my second grade teacher what north and south were. According to him I lived to the south of school and the city, which I knew was bogus at the very least because I had just moved from further north anyways.
That fucker deserves to die. What self respecting musician past the age of 17 doesn't know bass clef
Serves them right
After DCA finals last year, every corps (except for Cadets 2) had a massive party. Al the corps were in the same hotel, and there was one guy from Caballeros who brought 50 lbs of alcohol in his suitcase and made drinks for everybody. There were Cards Against Humanity games, truth or dare circles (which got fun once people were drunk) and some other fun stuff. This went on until 5 am or something, and was probably the best party I've been to. Also this quote from our visual head: "... Horns to Jesus is not an acceptable technique... Unless you're Pioneer"
When talking about octaves, C is the first note of any given octave, so B is therefore the last, B0 is the highest note of the 0 octave, so the second fret of the B string would indeed be C1 all the notes could be in the 1 octave until you get to the next C, which is A string fret 3. With the playback issues, most speakers struggle with playing anything below an A1, which is why they take everything up the octave, to protect your speakers. Edit: I see, they take it up the octave in their writing because they want you to get used to sight reading within the staff, the low notes don't really come up at often, so they don't stress it as much. I just remember that E is one line below the staff and then is gets easy from there to tell, because C is the next line and B and D are the spaces, they're really some of the easiest ones to remember and honestly shouldn't really be stressed
Well when weren't they?
Seasoned pit musician here (mostly drum set instead of bass) my first go to is to listen to the soundtrack as much as possible to start off. This gives you an idea of what it should sound like and what sound you may want to get which will help in deciding what bass to bring. -When you listen to the soundtrack keep your book with you and look through it as you go. If you notice inconsistencies between the written stuff and the played stuff mark it down and ask the conductor -Work on sight reading! There are parts that you may not see once with the group before the show -Keep a notebook on you at all times in rehearsals -Remember that musicals have a lot of improv between specific performances, so be prepared and if you think something sounds better ask about it -JCSS is a newer musical and will have bass guitar instead of Upright, but for tone, I would suggest a middle of the road J-bass which works well for both rock and jazzier stuff, which most musicals have a combination of anyways.
I disagree with the picks. I've had 2 for my bass that I've had for 3 years now. Haven't broken or been lost. I just keep them in my wallet.
Why not keep them in a wallet? I've had two for three years that way
Well it's just enough for one (terrible) commander deck
4/4 is a natural rhythm to westerners for the most part because it's what we experience our entire lives, but in the natural sense, it's because everything we do is divided into fours or twos giving a natural rhythm to work (i.e.: using a hammer, there's the downstroke, the hitting of a nail, and the upstroke afterward) The concept of a common time was developed mostly by the Africans and can be seen along side 2/4 and 6/8 in many rhythms and beats derived from their culture. As such most other cultures don't use this concept. Indian music, often doesn't have a set rhythm as westerners know it but a pattern for their playing (if I remember my tabla playing correctly) Native Americans, at least those hailing from the south and west often had time keeping similar to 5/4 but could often change.
Same here. My uncle is a historian for the revolutionary period (both America and France) and Alexander Hamilton is his favorite. He originally taught me about Hamilton and the work he did for the country which made me like him too. Granted I really like the show and think the songs are great from a musicians standpoint, but people thinking I'm brainwashed sucks.
Ok, musician talk here. I'm a classical musician and I absolutely can't stand rap, however, Hamilton is not rap, a more accurate description is a combination of multiple styles of music. They have a waltz (farmer refuted), a more doo-wop style (what'd I miss) and powerful near A/Capella moments(who lives, who dies). Now to the rap portion, it isn't actually very much rap as just singing, they actually have melody and pitch, as well as a melodic line that will counter the music. My Shot which is one of the more touted "rap" songs is more of a spoken word song, which you actually see often in other genres than rap. Now, if you consider it rap still, think of the subject matter. This is historical stuff, which for me as a history buff excited me to actually se somewhat accurate history in a decent song no matter the style or genre.
Good luck with that one
The report is that he fired into the air, Burr wasn't looking, and Hamilton, having terrible wrists and aim ended up hitting the tree behind Burr. There is also documentation of the Hamiltons paying their house servants an actual wage, much like Washington did, and if they were slaves, they wouldn't be paid by their owners. I have a family member who is a historian with particular interest in Washington and Hamilton, he has pictures of the documents, however I can't get them to send, he's currently in a different country
"They may take our lives but they'll never take our schnitzel!"
Many colleges appreciate auditions with Xylo rags, it shows you have appreciation for older styles, have chops, and if you add improv to sections, shows you have those skills. One of my acquaintances recently played The Ragtime Robin by George Hamilton Green and was accepted to his course.
I want one so badly, just don't have a money for it now :(
It's time but it hurts, especially since my Highschool's hockey team uses the gardens as it's home ice.
This, also people seem to think I'm the time keeper of their lives just because I know my schedule and times...
Taking 30 minutes out of my day to work up a piece on marimba and just watch my progress as a solo player
One of the few websites not blocked back in highschool
When I was in the DCA drum corps in the city, we would actually sell skyline cans to fans when we went on tour.
Gut grenades Belly bombs Rectal rockets My uncle used to call having 10 of them at once a "Hiroshima"
Skyline/goldstar/any local joint- best acquired taste there is Graeters ice cream- nobody else can do French Pot ice cream on the scale they do Not fast food but Montgomery Inn Ribs Marion's Pizza- technically a Dayton thing Hit or miss but Larosa's pizza Cucinova- think Chipotle but Italian food, pizzas, pasta. Etc... Also not fast food but Bob Evans- breakfast like you wouldn't believe for a decently cheap price
When I dream of food I dream of Lou Malnati's
Congrats mate hope it goes well
Nice, I remember how happy I was when my nephew finally started accepting me when I tried to help him
Yeah, there really is. Cincinnati, my city, is staring to get some poutine but it's still really hard to find
I once had it on as background noise, and I remember an episode where they're being shown scenes from the original and getting excited, but then learn that they're a bad reboot
All I can think about are the differences between their version, percussion wise, and the Broadway show when I played it...
Akeno
Once she changes, Ami
But... But, agumon
I work on a farm, and I needed to cut open a stalk of corn to check on them. I'm handling this old rusty pocket knife because I forgot mine that day, and I promptly cut myself on the leaves of the cornstalk
I get that, personally I'm not his biggest fan but he is a damn good composer with a lot of different works so you won't remember the first piece you played by the last one
Inb4 Obama reads this and starts visiting random houses doing crosswords while naked after his term is over.
A lot of people just use a couple 2x4's with a door hinge connecting them. Source: am percussionist
Sorry, it's ingrained in me, but most of the time it's just my feet playing the hand parts inside my shoes
The general rule for our music is: swing and rock- 2 and 4 barring certain songs. Anything else- 1 and 3. As a musician the one and three gets kind of ingrained so I keep those two beats without thinking
