Yeah well good, that champion fucking sucks and isnt fun to play. I understand the zac criticism on not having a new skin until, but yorick actually blows.
Alot of things. But something simple that I despised before being with her was rap music. Like I liked some of the funny eminem songs as jokes or whatever but I never really liked rap music. Then she showed me a bunch of biggie smalls, tupac, ice cube, and even newer stuff like drake, lil wayne and kendrick lamar. I listen to rap like half the time now.
No its aesop rock. Asap rocky is a bitch rapper
Also his newest album is the ep with one catchy pop song, and the rest is shit even with a jayden smith feature. What a joke
Radiohead
So what you are saying, is that the harder to play champion, riven, is better than the simple champion garen, in terms of skill ceiling? Why would you want it any other way? I understand riven can be absurd, but the people doing crazy things on her play alot of riven and have mastered her combos, her cd, her limits essentially. Why punish people for being good and putting time into a champion. God this reminds me of the AWP circle jerk in csgo.
To be honest, Lee sin is best played in a non flashy way. Like sure you can insec and it looks cool and everything but it makes so much more sense to just assassinate early with your innate dmg, then build tank and just peel for carries. For real, if you can kick one guy back into his team mates so your team can get free dmg, that is so much better than kicking somebody into your team. If you want to do that, play pick champs like thresh, morg, blitz and get a tank jungler instead.
Take barrier since he's basically an adc and you WILL get dived, that little extra defense is incredible on him. Don't farm with soldiers early because it pushes lane and uses Hella manna. Just get good at last hitting with his auto, it's not bad. Against melee, bully your opponent when they go for cs with a good w AA q AA. Conserve manna though. Keep a soldier up at all times so you can escape with w q e. In team fights it is RARELY optimal to dive into the team and insec them back. Use the wall as disengage and to split the team apart. Stay far away and be doing dmg the whole time even if it's not on an optimal target. Your q cd is low late so you can contact lyrics redirect soldiers. Max q first, then w so you can have 3 soldiers put at a time. Morello into ludens or zonyas depending, then straight dmg or a situational abbyssal. Treat him like an adc.
I too have seen the David Fincher movie
Dexter season 4 was in my opinion the highest point of the show, perhaps the first season is equal. Anyways season 5 was like watching a show written by retards. I honestly do not understand what the fuck happened. And then they kept going and it stayed bad til it ended. It was amazing and one of the best shows on til season 5.
See I'm one of the people with the unpopular opinion that ac2 is by fsr the best assassins creed. Everything else felt like a money grab to keep the series going. Ac2 was fresh, new character, great new cities, aqesome mission structure. I don't know the other games after just make me think about ac2. I haven't played black flag though
I hear alot of people saying Brotherhood or Black Flag is their favorite. Guess we know different people.
Yeah, It definitely showed.
Pretty sure comms and video are not synched. Could be wrong but it makes a little more sense
Half Life 2, fallout 3. Couldn't choose one sorry.
Yourmoviessuck. Lots of good reviews and then lots of reviews of awful movies. I recommend watching his m night Shyamalan review videos
The best way to smile for pictures is to think of something funny like a Louis ck standup and then laugh because when you laugh you naturally smile
Is everything cringe now?
Well that would include everything I guess. We do not have many adjectives in the english language so I guess everything is cringe now.
This sub is the king of posting stuff that everybody has heard already several years ago. Bravo! I love the song though.
Oh my goodness. This is just too much. I'm literally can't dying
I hope you give her as much in return. That sounds like a 50's wife
Not everyone. My mother is a racist paranoid schizophrenic who I have blocked on all communication outlets. Obviously if you have a mother with great qualities, some of those qualities should be seen in other people, especially another person who can be there emotionally as a parent usually is. Just saying, I think people look for the good qualities in people, not necessarily their mother who may is e those qualities.
Ahh, alright. Good to hear
Yeah this album is awesome. Lots of different sounds in it.
Everything Everything -- Get to Heaven
All hardcore/metalcore. To be honest, even if you do not like the genre, or just not as into it as others, I still recommend Enter Shikari. Really, really strange British electronic/rock/metal band. I never know what I am getting into when I listen to another one of their albums. To see if you like them, I would listen to the song Juggernauts. It was the song that got them on the map on their album Common Threads. They have matured a bunch since then, and improved in nearly every aspect. Good luck!
Run the jewels 2 is 2014.
Well, this is a sensitive subject that could save your kids. You do not want your children to make a potentially life ending decision because they are afraid of getting in trouble with you. My dad did the exact same thing. I never needed him, but I always knew he would be there if I did.
Parenting is work after all. A work you can't leave at the office
I hate to break it to you, but being an analyst in the scene gives you free reign to...analyze whether it be criticism or not. As a team owner, you do not get to be an add on social media and make a fool of yourself. Thoorin is a journalist. He generates clicks and views so he can make money. I like regi, but it was obvious after the whole thing was said and done that regi was in the wrong. Gotta remember he's not just a kid on the internet. He runs a business where your image can hurt you if you fuck it up enough. Luckilly the pr saved him the apology and he has been portrayed much better since then. I'm sure he's a great guy, who got caught up in the moment and forgot who he was. The boss does not argue with the people talking shit. He says nothing and continues running the biggest brand in the scene.
Does the whole league team use tyons
The tyon is by far the best though
smile more
The only cool mispelling for drew ive seen was a guy i worked with named Dru. He was korean with a bunch of tattoos and an undercut. It fit.
Alrighty, I just do not know why people do not just go to the top posts of each month. Like as soon as I found this sub, I went through all the top posts of each month to find music. This will probably end up on the top posts of January. I am not mad that people found this band. I actually want them to be known, I just think it's funny that it gets posted again when it's on a top post of the month already. Not a big deal.
Aye aye capn
Ahh thats a shame. Fizz is actually really good right now lol.
I mean the time travel makes no sense. And the plot makes no sense. Sure it's a cool movie, but it kinda takes you out if you try to think about it. Watch YMS review of looper on YouTube and you will see what I mean.
Dude, there's a section for all Netflix originals and everything I've seen has been great. House of cards, bojack horseman, daredevil, narcos(my fav), and master of none. Thats just the tip of the iceberg. There's clone wars seasons, a bunch of comedy specials like Aziz ansari and john mulaney. There's easilly 15 more shows that I'm on my way to watch. Currently watching peaky blinders and maron on there now. Use it brah.
Yeah just go to search a show and there should be a bunch of categories under the search bar with Netflix originals near the top. Honestly watch Narcos.
Reminds me of sons of anarchy and boardwalk empire. Cillian Murphy is great though
Yeah I'm liking it so far. Reminds me of sons of anarchy and boardwalk empire
Yeah I gotta get back to boardwalk empire.
Could I have some examples? Genuinely curious
This is pretty fucking incredible. Not sure how this kind of practice could be performed in hospitals but it would be very useful. When I was working in the hospital, stroke patients in poor areas would show up past the window that we could treat them and would just have permanent damage. I remember a lady who said she fainted and came to the ER with her sister like 4 hours later then waited in the waiting room for another 4. We realized she had a minor stroke and there was permanent damage. Some people just have never felt the symptoms and a little bit of tingling in the hand seems silly to go the ER for. Not all strokes are full blown peter griffin level where the whole face droops. Sometimes it's just some tingling on your right lip or eye. The window for treatment is too small.
While I don't think you are a god with mastery, I honestly am not opposed to the idea that you must have some level of mastery on the champion in order to play them in ranked. No clue how the specifics would work, but I am just tired of looking at lolwiz and seeing that half my team doesn't even have 5 games played on the champ and zero normals on the champ. Gotta practice a lil bit before you go ranked
Sell me on it. With text or video
Play safe, scaling adcs that can farm well in lane. Mf, corki, Lucian, jinx, kalista etc. Ezreal is on the rise along with twitch as well. Focus on farm before trades. If you aren't duo it's hard to coordinate trades. So just tell the support to hold spells defensively and just zone so you can farm. Then do work in teamfights. Keep track of big abilities like flash, or malph ulti. You know what I mean. If malph ult is up or whatever catch spell and your flash is not, stay back. Let the malph choose to be kited or forced to ult someone else. When big spells like that are gone, do dmg forever, keep auto attacking and stay at the edge of your range. No reason to suicide to kill one guy. It's better they run and you get free hits on tower or get drag or something. Farm, stay alive, and do dmg safely. That's how you do well on adc.
Can shiphtur just retire already. The dude still can't even cs
Thanks, looking forward to buying one after reading lol
Laundry. Not sure why. It's not hard, I just hate it.
Unless she is constantly running out of mana in the mid game where she is most powerful. We will see how it works. I just know that I use alot of manna with her if i cant reset off minions. It's her main trade in lane, and now you will lose manna each time you trade even if you have mastered it.
Well I mean the reason that there exists a one shot caller model is because everybody is so damn quiet here in NA. I mean yall remember TSM of last season. Bjerg would talk and the rest would not talk. Of course it makes more sense to have democratic shot calling if all the shot callers are good shot callers and talk. Better to develop a primary shotcaller for team fights, shot caller for early game and objectives, while everybody calls out. Like every spell thats important, whether a lane is gank-able. I mean everyone should talk.
You think they would have won with any other adc in Europe? Please man. The fact that they could ban forgiven out and nobody else on the team could carry with op picks proves my point. Yes they had an I interesting strategy where they pushed all lanes and let svenskeren duel the enemy jungler. This was the lee sin, elise khazix meta after all. Just saying if their shot calling was really the reason they were winning, then banning forgiven out wouldn't have done anything.
Honestly fuck Hillary Clinton. We do not need a robot puppet hack fraud as president. God what a cunt
She hasn't even undergone the sex change yet though... What if I put a wig on and wear a dress I'm a female hero? It's a fucking shit show. Jenner is a disgrace to women, men, and transgender people. Go talk to trans people, they do not consider her one one of them. She's not courageous. She could go back at any time. Real transgender people with the surgeries feel that they are in the wrong body. What so Bruce finally realized after training for the Olympics, getting married, having kids, being over 50, that he's a woman? It's honestly a fucking joke. Then when you act surprised, everyone thinks you are insensitive or prejudiced toward trans people, when really I'm just insensitive of a fucking celebrity hack fraud exploiting the transgender movement to escape the car accident where he killed people. Perhaps that last part is out of line. I just don't think she's a fucking hero. Certainly not woman of the year.
Are you just parroting? Go talk to a trans person who has gone the whole way, with surgeries and medications and everything. Caitlyn has yet to have the surgery and trans people don't see her as their own.
Well I am sure there are two sides to this obviously. Nearly every trans Ive seen claims it's a publicity thing and that she is a disgrace. You honestly cannot think she deserves woman of the year though? I mean that is just silly. What did she actually do?
Yeah, but unlike an assassin he has to scale up to that point. Can't assassinate til about 20-25 minutes in.
Like Jack and Jill
Dude I was told nothing when I watched this movie. Thought it was just a nice little flick, then the whole nazi thing started happening and I was just on the edge of my seat, then in awe, then near crying.
The Prince's Tale in Pt of Harry Potter. My favorite chapter of the whole series, and Rickman is my favorite actor in the movies.
Oh shit yeah thats right. Do they have halo too? Or is that just TSM?
I like Kobe too. I just think that he gets wayyyy too excited sometimes. Like that's not a bad thing. It was amazing at the end of the C9 vs. Najin White Shield game when he yelled "thats game!" 3 or 4 times. As for really nice, concise analysis, I think Jatt is a hair better in game. Of course Kobe is the bomb with his theorycrafting out of cast though.
Because they are owned by Riot. Riot can set any sort of contract terms on them, including not allowing them to spend time on another job/project. It is similar to how "moonlighting" or working at other clinics is not allowed for physicians in the medical field. Your employer wants you at your best, and perhaps having another project or job could detract from your primary jobs' performance. However, I can't imagine that Jatt didn't just go ask Riot if he could do some small content on youtube or twitch.
I mean New Balance has Sk Telekom right? Nike will be on TSM is a year or less, i guarantee it.
Sk Telecom is sponsored by New Balance....Also chess is a sport. The definition of sports changes as the culture does.
Plus they are wearing new balance
Yeah, I mean amazon has all sorts of different shipping methods though. Most of the time I order multiple records and they come like this. However, one time when I had ordered just one, it came with only the cardboard sleeve, no exterior box or packing materials. It arrived just fine, but the warped records I sometimes see from amazon could totally come warped when packaged without a box. Who knows what other packages can hit it in the truck or how it's stored. But I mean, if there is a problem, you can just return it. Records are kind of delicate and if they are not shipped correctly and something happens, amazon understands. Which is why they mostly ship in the box in the first place.
I am fairly certain I have been there. I cannot remember, but it sounds the same and I remember the big ass pickles and that monster 20 dollar sandwich. Fairly certain i got pastrami as well. The fucker just came apart when I picked it up. Just had to eat it with a fork lol. Floss for days.
Pretty good explanation. I find that I am on top of things or at least think I am, until something happens where I'm not prepared, then I start over and try to do it again, this time taking into account the mistake I made earlier. But it just feels like there are infinite mistakes.
I mean also dragons. Charlie Weasley works with all sorts of different breeds there.
Yeah like wtf..........
I totally agree. Monetizing your free time would be one of those things you can limit though.
Big and open. Two floors I believe. But the tables were tight. Mostly all wooden.
My favorite song by them.
I've only met one person that doesnt like Pink Floyd. But yeah all these songs are amazing. If you want a synthy weird track from animals also, I recommend pigs.
Good choices. However I love every song by this band. Even their splits
Well everyone has different opinions right? I think a 6-7 is a fine score for it. It was a really entertaining movie, but to me it wasn't fantastic. I don't think people rate movies low because of who directed them.
For real like piglet is going to listen to anyone. That guy is just a pain to work with it seems
Or just leak before queueing up
Me too
Botrk for split push duels. Hydra for team fight
It's okay for us disagree!
Yeah or the Fenix misplay at the end......for real tahm can be banned. Missing shockwaves is their own damn fault.
Sure there is...but as a general rule of thumb.
It doesnt help you split faster though......More attack speed helps you kill towers faster. Zed waveclears with his abilities not with his autoattacks like the champions would build hydra to split push. And then the most important thing....you have to be able to duel the person who comes to try to stop the split push. Botrk is better for dueling due to the increased single target dmg from passive and active. Hydra is better for team fights as you can get aoe off with the hydra active in the team fight. Like find me a game of a pro player split pushing with zed who bought hydra.
Not as big of a gap between 2 and 3 as with 1 and 2. It is still great. But it feels like uncharted 2. I would still play it. I loved it, but it just was not as awe inspiring as uncharted 2 because it just feels like uncharted 2.
oh boy......the attack speed from botrk along with the ghostblade active is higher dps on a tower than with a hydra. Also there are no games where zed team fights.....cause hes a fucking split pusher. But people want to team fight him when they are ahead for whatever reason, so hydra would be better for that initial aoe quick burst from hydra and e. Late game with qss and zonyas you cannot burst a single target in a team fight. As for the not being able to duel.....of course you set up your split push, ya know by warding the path that people would have to take to get to you. Zed has low cd's meaning that he will always have his abilities up to duel and attack minions. If you want some proof of peoples builds, look here. http://www.probuilds.net/champions/details/Zed 95% of the builds include a botrk. Only one person built a tiamat and it was in a 19 minute game that he bought right before it ended. Faker also played a game and went ghostblade into hydra also ended at a short 24 minutes, in which he basically snowballed and team fought the whole time. Everyone else builds botrk. Because you should be split pushing with zed. It's why hes picked. Literally stop arguing with me and go watch any of these games, or better yet, go ask a streamer like Bjergsen if hydra is better than botrk for split pushing.
Brandon Rogers is so fucking funny.
At least your stupidity has created a meme that I laughed at. Look at top comment
You aren't. Read the graphic
But dexter has the worst decline of any show ever. 1-4 are fantastic television. Then each season got stupider and stupider. Don't even get me started on the last season.
Yeah to be honest that's murder in my eyes. Like how is the copy cat of the office rated higher than the office. It's a fucking copy. It's not bad, bit for real it's always sunny is way better than Parks
Leave.
It's honestly fucking stupid. House of Cards developed one good character. The rest make no sense. We watch the show to see frank and Doug do shit. Mad men developed every one of it's characters including non important characters like dons secretaries and even the minor people from other companies.
Wow, I am stupid! You are right.
A lesson was learned though
Loving the peptide structures here
Who could then relay to alive players?
In the context of last season and the Meta who was better?
Sorry bit you aren't a horror movie buff. Compare original Texas chainsaw massacre to Jennifer's body
No.....Bjergsen is really good, but last season he was not better than Febiven.
I was like dude it's called warcraft. Not world of warcraft.
I just choked on water then thought about. I TOO AM A NEAT GUY
All the xmithie is bad jokes. Now look who's bad. Sorry but this guy always irked me.
Gonna be bad lol. Miscast luthor. Too many characters and plots aka spider man 3 syndrome. Not to mention man of steel was bad, and Snyder is hit or miss with his hits being exact copies of their source material where he doesn't have to write, and his misses being void of any substance
The majority of it is a copy straight down to dialogues and scenes. Sure maybe 10% of the movie was changed. However, Snyder has shown he cannot make movies without having an already written work to adapt from. Hence why 300 and Watchmen are his best movies.
Even if all that works out, lets remember who's directing it.
Not to mention it's 3 seconds, riposte is .75 seconds so just count to 2.5.
Parry right after Q. You will parry during the dash
Fucking pigs. Thanks for saving me, hack fraud servants of the people. Hack pig fucks
You are responsible for your property simple as that. If someone is blocking your mail box or dumpster, call the local police and they will handle it. Of the dog is chasing the mail man, talk to the owner. Like it's more your responsibility as a hone owner to follow the rules in place, than for the garbage man to deal with that shit. Like he said, when your dealing with 100s of homes, why would the man be responsible for all of them if they are not following the rules? It's pretty simple in my eyes.
Maybe the champions become more fun to play? Ya never know
Uhh I think it does alot of dmg.....especially if you land your whole combo and already get a true dmg stack down. I mean he relies on positioning correctly to hit multiple enemies in a team fight. 1000+ dmg on multiple enemies in a fight is pretty strong.
Pay for my own college tuition and PA school. Pay my dad back for everything. When I get a job in the medical field, after a few years, I will buy my dad a sail boat and move him to san francisco for his retirement. He deserves it. Especially if it's the governments. I already plan on doing this anyway.
Dude this is like everything in my life. I guarantee if you think about something long enough it starts to sounds bizarre. Like I got on a bus, sat down, then went to university, then sat for several hours split up between short walks to other buildings, then got back on the bus and went back to my apartment. Like what the fuck? I sat for most of the day, just in different spots. As for sex in general, like why are we attracted to sex stuff? Like what about a vagina looks nice to us? It's really strange. It's like humans are so advanced that we sit in like a million places a day, and even move while sitting, but we are still wired by instinct for reproducing. It's like how a fruit attracts animals to eat it so the seeds can spread. The vagina is like that fruit that attracts us so we can spread our seed. Yeah I am gonna go. I need to go to bed I think.
It would be even greater, if there was a way to vote from your smart phone and somehow could type in your social or some type of identifier and the results could be secured. Not sure how viable that is, but if everyone could vote easily, I know the U.S. could be different.
To skip to the end of the semester with a 4.0 and forget last semester happened. Also to go on this health fellowship.
Two----sorrrry Birdemic: Shock and Terror My fucking god, so this movie just has no clue what information is important and what shit is not important. Like we see the main character drive to get gas and it takes 10 minutes. The acting is awful, the camera work is laughable, the plot and pacing makes no sense. I am surprised it's a real movie. Santa Claus Conquers the Martians: Yeah so this piece of shit. I conclude that this is the worst movie of all time. At least most shitty movies are so bad they are funny at times. Like I actually love Thankskilling(check it out on netflix). But this damn fucking movie is so boring, so bad, no action, no tention, no plot. Special effects budget ran out to the point where the paint on environments and characters fades throughout the course of the movie. It's just a movie that you wonder how someone paid for it. Like the bad funny movies are just shit because of constraints and amateurism. This movie is shot like a professional movie from the time, but is just terrible. Do not watch.
I actually like that movie. Then again I like the majority of the fast series. Besides the second 'Fast and the Furious'
The worst? Dude it may be average, but come on you are missing out on some bad movies!
Time manipulation like anybody else. Like come on. You could beat superman if you could freeze time for however many years it takes you to find kryptonite and stab him. Literally too op.
Well my mother is a schizophrenic nightmare. Last time I saw her she called me a "piece of shit son". I drove her to the airport early and now don't talk to her anymore. No comments about how it's wrong or that she can't help herself. I already feel guilty enough. It's easier to block her out then deal with her.
Narwhal bacon
Foxcatcher moreso. I liked the movie, but I don't think I will watch it again. It just had the worst sense of foreboding I have seen. Everything just looks like it's going to be bad. A really dirty movie, that does not make you feel good at any point.
Go watch Prisoners
And read it.
6 feet under
Lol hero
He's also homeless and gross and has a real identity. Rorschach is simply Rorschach.
I think you need to go play him again lol. He does a tuck ton of dmg
I agree. I'm a Jon Hamm fanboy, but radcliffe was funny in it also. Hamm is writing more right now
I can't if you are being sarcastic or not. I don't think the harry potter character requires an amazing actor. The fact is that all of those harry potter characters took a few movies to really get good. I mean they were child actors and pretty inexperienced. I think by book four, every character in the harry potter movies was acting decently.
By your same logic, the trashman isn't at your home all hours, and actually is responsible for picking up your trash only, or the mail man, mail delivery only. They aren't paid to deal with everybody's dog and neighbors car. Why should he spend 5 minutes extra on everyones house? Would you work extra for same pay, get home later?
Whoops. You know what I mean. It's funny caUse I own the book lol
Ehh, who cares. They are my guilty pleasure. However I do think fast five is actually a good action movie.
Well, xpeke is still the most clutch mid laner to play the game in my opinion. Like sure he's not the best, but time after time, he does something that wins the whole game. Powerofevil is just basic. He does well if he snowballs, he's average when he doesn't. OG is missing any type of clutch player. I love the og bot lane, but powerofevil not working
Yeah it's on my 'to read' list!
It cost time and therefore money to send a trick out to service your trash. Its an extra trip, so it's an extra charge. It sucks, but that's how it works. Can't just get shit for free all day man.
That seems reasonable to me.
Well duhh
I like Matt. I can't believe I actually like something about team liquid. I haven't liked a player on their team since voyboy
He's top 3 though. Could make arguments for the best but he's for sure top 3 undeniably.
Yeah, I mean personality wise. But yeah he should make TL fun to watch for once.
Yeah pretty much. You need a player that can take that risk every game and swing the lead. Sure being consistent is super desirable. You will not ever throw the game, but you wont swing the lead either. Which brings this question to mind. Will TSM be able to make one of their clutch players their consistent player? Or at least be able to turn one on or off depending on comp? So double can play ashe or sivir and live, and bjerg can stomp on viktor. Or bjerg can play lulu, and double can stomp on lucian? We will see.
We are going by longevity....best in their career. I put mata, and yellowstar in the same realm as hai. Sure Pyl, mithy, picaboo, gorilla all have had splits where they undeniably shot called better. But if we put into context all of their splits. Well mithy has been here a year. Piccaboo wrecked for a split when he went to KT. PyL did well for a year, now where is the shotcalling? They win the season, then proceed to have no shotcalling at all. Gorilla was pretty great on every iteration of tigers, however that teams shot calling has dipped in every iteration of tigers. From best team in the world to losing to WE, to coming back again, then dipping in groups against FW, then doing well again. Bengi was not the shot caller on skt. It has been said that everybody shot calls, with Faker and Bengi being the most vocal. On skt in season 3, mandu was actually the primary shotcaller. As for Hai, he dominated NA for years. Lowest he finished on a team before retirement was 2nd place, and shotcalling had nothing to do with it-his wrists made him unable to practice long which made his champion pool predictable. TSM knew this and baited his zed to get chogath against him. This past season, he roleswapped to jungle and brought a team that was near relegations(if tdk had full roster from start, def relegations) to worlds. With little time, they beat every team in NA except TSM and CLG, then they overperformed at world through shot calling solely. If we want to examine c9 at their peak at season 4 worlds, they beat SSB in a game(who had better players in every position but adc), they beat Najin sword through shot calling(gorilla was on this team btw). Across his career I think it's reasonable to put him in top 3 or at the least top 5 in the world career wise.
Lets forget that double was the best adc last season.
Also poppys ram is really weird form of cc where you have to predict it at the right time because it starts before it hits and you are instantly in the cc. It has to be predicted st that close range.
Lol, yeah you can't ever like a new team because of bandwagoning. Then that team has no fans
They are trying to grow Bunny as a player. Having two players in one role forces both to work harder for their starting spot. It is going to take time for Bunny to grow into Hai's place. However, since Hai is my favorite player, I kinda like that C9 needs him even though he does want to play and is not being forced to.
The fiora was enabled by the ganks though.....Also GP got through which was 100% pick/ban. Why can't people just say C9 played a good game?
Nobody ever points out how aphro gets caught at least once every game.
I just think that's a lame excuse. Dying in a teamfight that your team wins is understandable. Maybe you make a great engage or peel long enough to save a damage dealer but die in the process. But getting caught put by facechecking the enemy jungle will mia enemies and no existing ward line to work from is not really acceptable.
Because then that person is gone....like literally just think about it a second...Sure you wont care if you're dead but if any idiot loves your dumb ass, then they will be sad. Lord what are you, 10?
Well Smitty needs to stop being an asshole then. Cant have bad attitude on any team.
Well one this is for sure...Ban poppy against him. Because holy smokes he does really well on that champion. Plus shes really strong. I honestly think they need to play the way they did in their last game on sunday. Play top side with the jungler and get hauntzer ahead on something he can carry with like poppy, renekton, etc. Pick a tanky support with alistar or braums to dive bot lane with a teleport. Or pick bard. Always have bjerg on a pick champion like syndra or ahri and have him roam bot for the dive. Double should always just play the scaling ad in caitlyn, jinx, trist, etc. No reason to get him ahead early because hes still just gonna farm for core items anyway. Getting Hauntzer ahead makes the rest of the game much easier.
Well Adrian was praised by every caster and host for not dying in 3 games. He is being talked about. Hauntzer wasnt being prioritized in strategy until their last game, so it was hard to see him do well as he was getting dived the whole time. Gotta play around him and then TSM will destroy.
ADC should have qss anyways. Fiora is not that strong late game unless she gets her ult off in a team fight. You stun her up and shes gone in one second.
I mean it rewards people who are good with her though....Riposte is actually the best thing about her kit as it makes her take skill to play well, when the old fiora was very cheesey and easy. You have to be in the marker to get stunned, so thematically it makes sense that she can dodge something like irelias stun because of her duelist theme. She's really not that bad, especially in this top meta where we are seeing poppy, lissandra and such. Not to mention that if you get qss, you can beat Fiora. She's really not that bad guys.
QSS, vault her when she comes near. Use ghostblade to kite.
It's better than just using your same stupid mobafire build everygame because you want to whine about a champion that is not actually that bad and has very clear counterplay.
Not really.....malphite, rumble, lissandra, kennen, and tahm are all teamfighters. Fiora is a split pusher called "The Grand Duelist". For Darius, literally just build mercurials and if you are 3 kills ahead, you will never lose a duel to her ever. She has no dmg on you. In facts I think Darius vs. Fiora late game goes to Darius because he can nullify the ultimate and his health items give him an edge. Adapt or shut the fuck up.
Well I guess somebody has to like them right?
Yeah looking forward to playing when spring break comes. I have league uninstalled currently for the start of term. Definitely gonna play some poppy.
We are talking about one champion here......Sure put words in my mouth and use an absurd analogy to make me seem stupid. Believe me I have my share of champions I would tweak. Fiora is not one of them. One of my biggest philosophies for video games is that they should reward players who master them. Fiora is a champion that requires the player to put time into and to definitely be able to outplay using riposte. You cannot just play a couple games with her and stomp unless you are in bronze in which case bronze shouldnt be used to balance the game. Her win rate fluctuates below and over 50% depending the popularity, region, and tier. I think she is balanced. She feels impactful to play when you play her properly, and she can be punished easily if you do not.
good riddance
Hot cheetos or takis wrapped with ham. Or recently nachos with extra sharp cheddar but add pepperoni.
Isn't that called the Elvis sandwich? I can't remember
Even worse. When your friend stays with you for a couple months and can't wake up from his alarm so it just keeps going off for hours even though I turn his phone off. He had a passcode so I can't stop his several alarms. So it's like 5 or 6 alarms before like 1pm. At this point I just get up and play league and forget about life. luckily i don't deal with that now. Just my kitten walking on me at 5am
I want to try one some time. Seems like a life's worth of calories though
Not for dodging team builder
That sounds fun for other drivers
Nobody uses ipads instead of wacoms man.
As somebody living in Texas during highschool who did but from a random guy who knew a guy who bought from a thug, I've never experienced different strains. Just weed that got you high. I'm genuinely curious to try it again when it becomes legal. Well, if it does in Texas
Vine famous is the same thing as youtube famous though. You are still making content that many people watch. Then those people go on Twitter, and their fans follow them see their posts then repost their tweets so all their followers can see. Twitter is really great at spreading information just because of how it's structured. Much different than facebook in that regard.
And now they are all shit. Or st least all average. I'm sick of superhero movies. There's like a good set of them every few years but then there are dozens of producer written trash. Like 1989 barman was great. Toney Maguire Spiderman 1 and two were great. Then nolens batman is the best superhero movie set ever made. But we get the daredevils, green lanterns, man of steels, and now this stupid avengers and justice league crap. It's a fucking business and im sick of it. I don't even watch the trailers anymore because I've been beaten to death by so many super hero movies. Theve become the Friday action flicks at this point, along with the shitty horror movies.
Sorry for wanting good movies and not fucking excuses to sell toys and fill producers pockets. I already said I loved the Nolan films among some others. They are actually good movies separate from the comic book genre. The majority of super hero movies now are shit but fans want to see their character on screen like you. I want to watch good movies. Not fucking shit. Which is why I am pretty much sticking to directors/writers I know at this point. By the way, go see Anomalisa. Give your money to that movie please
Well if you are having trouble doing a full clear because you are having trouble with animation cancelling. Just do a one side clear by doing gromp, blue, wolves, scuttle, gank, or ward. Then back. Just keep trying to clear better with cancelling each time and when you are feeling better about it, then try the full clear.
Is that an ultrawide? Which one was it
Having two mid laners is an advantage though. If you play them correctly. It also gets a fresh player in after a loss which is huge.
Well then don't play caitlyn lol. When you are in the clown fiesta known as bronze, you win games by snowballing on champions like fizz. Mid has always been the most snowbally and in lower elos, snowballing a lane wins you the game.
I am a US Navy seal....
I wish everybody in the world would think like this.
My friend has a 144Hz monitor or whatever and it's really noticeable. I'm just wondering if the resolution being so high would make a lower refresh rate fine. Because there don't seem to be any 144hz uktrawides with 3440 resolution.
I too watch LCS
To get a paid salary you need a work visa
Washed out though. Pray in particular was on his way out and is now top 3 adc in the world in my opinion.
Wait there are people that think putting ones furniture together is hard? It's like adult legos. It's no ds fun sometimes. Although I must say be careful with desks that can be assembled two ways. Like with the cabinet on the left or right. Just so you can build the way that you want
Sent from my iphone
I'm just saying, he wasn't stellar, then he was team less and everyone thought he was gone and then he came back and had improved incredibly. I think his corki is still the best in the world
Yeah whatever. Do your thing
Can't have two teams in lcs
What was the kanye line in the song
No. Boys are not inherently shit. If they are thieves you teach them a lesson. Or you ya know...parent them in general. It bothers me that asshole parents are making asshole children. It's like hereditary at this point.
How articulate
Who also beat TSM also. Lets be real it's a clown fiesta spit there besides IMT
I'd rather watch great movies than the same movie with a different guy in a different suit fighting against a different bad guy.
Well you could argue that wild turtle is coming back. You could argue that bengi was shit in season 4 then came back very strong in season 5. Xpeke slumped for awhile then came back in challenger series and improved well enough to do great at world's despite being against people who were perceived as stronger than him. Same thing with soaz and amazing. Players dip all the time man. Even in actual sports. You don't become irrelevant when you play bad for a little bit. You just have to work harder to get back to that level.
