At least they didn't include an application.
Try the stock barrel and back? or a wider diameter freak insert?
The first picture appears to be of a dragonboat team. :)
Then it's a bit high. Counter offer with $400.
- Paisley - Polka dot - Vomit
Mine is a 14.4kbps modem handshake.
They're "free-range"!!!
Slippery Slope
MicroSD slot? Really??
I saw the reply before it was deleted. Their answer was that they could "mostly" cover it, but needing $22k isn't really "mostly" to me. $22k is like asking for a car.
The Oscar Meyer wiener song.
I'm curious about the opposite. For example, how does LuthorCorp stay in business? Wouldn't the association with Lex Luthor be a PR nightmare?
This is the best answer.
The same things that cause me to not believe there's a Kali, Zeus, Odin, Shiva, or any other gods; lack of evidence.
If you're being overtaken on the right, you're probably in the wrong lane. Remember, there are signs that remind people that "Slow Traffic Keep Right".
Just tell people you have no belief in the supernatural.
The sky will shoot back, but has terrible aim.
Well the whole reason for "safe and sane" was due to the number of injuries seen in emergency rooms due mostly to stupid people.
You'll have to replace the plug at least, but you might be able to fix the socket. Turn off power at the breaker box. Then remove the socket from the wall and see if you can somehow dig out or push out the broken piece.
Being grossed out by how your food gets from farm to table is a 1st world problem. Before the advent of centralized slaughterhouses in the meat industry, we weren't so detached from the process. And even so, Europeans don't have these kinds of qualms about meat.
Cake day to the face!
Why didn't the person ordering this simply say, "No pickles or mustard"?
If you could identify it, it wouldn't be a UFO!
Except when they get it wrong. That seems like a reason.
/r/kaylarynn, Normally requests should be made by users that meet the karma requirement, but I'll let this pass for now. You should provide her username if you expect people to chat with her though.
PlexPy doesn't track people streaming from your CloudSync (if you have it shared) or people on devices (such as Android) that don't use the default Plex player. However it will list people syncing to their own devices. Edit: I guess someone didn't want to know PlexPy's limitations. Basically it has the same limitations that PMS for monitoring activity.
If they are American citizens, they can go to the American embassy to get help.
Right. It just means you should pre-transcode with Handbrake from your pc first.
True. DLNA would work.
Above all else, there's no good way to tell someone they're wrong about a deeply held belief.
No, that era's Gatchaman was a science ninja team.
The post title isn't funny.
Doesn't it depend on the reason for flooding? For example, a lot of contracts claim no liability for "Acts of God". But if you're talking about a backed up drain, it still depends on the cause. If it's a kid flushing a toy or someone flushing their feminine hygiene products, the landlord won't be held responsible.
What's a "reno"? Did you mean remodel? And can't they make a claim on the neighbor's insurance?
Rounding up to 500 miles and assuming an average of 30mpg, we're looking at just under 17 gallons of gas. According to AAA, today's national average is $1.99/gal. So that'd be just under $34 for 17gal. Assuming California's price for gas of $2.879 today, that's just under $50 for the same amount of gas.
And it's in your own name now? Or is your ex on the hook for it?
Are you running the install with admin rights?
You're a bit shy of the 300 combined karma requirement for posting. As such, this post will be removed. If you manage to bring it up, you may repost your request.
Crowdfunding for R&amp;D has been around a lot longer than you think. Technically, every telethon you've seen for Jerry's kids is a crowdfunding effort to find a cure for muscular dystrophy.
I don't think anyone who listens to super-loud music can tell the difference once you go deaf.
You'd think there would be some mention of punishment in the afterlife at least.
What if that's not your default start page in RiF?
It seems that the first thing that you need to learn about Reddit is that each sub has their own ways of doing things. In this case, it appears you've never gotten around to reading the rules for this sub, which are found in the sidebar under "General Rules" which go [**here**](https://www.reddit.com/r/Assistance/wiki/rules). It's not about kindness. It's about trust. As someone who once donated several times to people who've abused my trust, the burden is on you to earn it, and not simply expect it. * You have a new account. * Most of your posts have been repeatedly removed reposts asking for help for your friend. * You clearly don't contribute to the general conversation on Reddit. * And you've seemed to be able to find this non-default sub just fine, despite being a "new user". Basically, lots of red flags. Can't you understand why the rules exist to address trust issues for those of us who have been burned before?
In America, it's not uncommon for students to be employed while going to college. That would seem like the best route for you, as many donors would probably look at your academic history in a less-than-favorable light, given that you've quit and "lost passion" for school before.
Oh! Nevermind. I keep forgetting it uses the same software as the Cubox-i, of which there is an image for OMV available!
None of the questions seem like harassment. Looks like people just want to get to the bottom of the problem.
If anything, contact the high school and see if there's an alumni group you can ask.
OP deleted their account...
You might want to X-post to /r/AskReddit too.
Technically, you don't need the app to watch on an Android device. An HTML5 compliant browser is really all you need.
There needs a "well duh" sign, right below it.
Why's that? There would be a larger pool of redditors to ask.
Check out /r/vandwellers for advice on living out of your vehicle. Also, call 211 to find out what other resources are available in your area.
Don't domesticated bunnies eventually die too?
** Technically, the amount is the average savings. Some families will save less, and some more. Not EVERY family saves the same amount.
1 French fried sock.
I'm kind of ambivalent. On the one hand, people are offering something in exchange for help. But on the other, it just seems like a more desperate form of spam. I don't know where the line is between advertising and asking for help in those cases.
I'm not in a position to help you with nothing. Perhaps one of our other fantastic users can!
If you think you'll be forced to relocate soon, you could sell off your furniture. That puts money in your pockets, and makes moving easier.
Your local utility might offer the program that helps replace your a/c unit. They subsidize swapping out old inefficient units with new energy efficient ones. There's an income requirement, so call them and see if you qualify.
Go to court and have his wages garnished. Once that's in the state's database, the employer also gets the report on garnishment based on his SSN. My friend's ex ended up getting let go from a couple of jobs because the businesses had moral requirements. For one, the Disney company doesn't put up with that sort of employee. Child support is an obligation, not a right on his part. I had a friend go through the process herself, and it took several hearings to get it done. Her ex was a dick, so the threat of jail had to be used to finally force him to pay up.
I have both the first gen Fire Stick and 2nd gen Chromcast, and they both seem to run about the same. Buffering issues can be a symptom of wireless issues and should be eliminated as a source of your problem first.
I I'll tell you later.
The whole point of the post was to find some way to avoid those specific things because OP's girlfriend can't handle that specific kind of scene.
Isn't this outright spam?
1. Yusha Reideen - This was one of the first anime I watched regularly as a kid. If you're too young to have seen this, it was probably the first to feature a giant robot that transformed broadcast in the U.S. 2. Bakamonogatari 3. Macross 4. Yamato 2199 - Remake of the original Yamato. 5. Mach-A-Go-Go aka Speed Racer.
Infinity. Movie adaption of Richard P. Feynmann's autobiography.
So what exactly is your skillset? Not sure how someone will be able to make any suggestions outside of retail without that info.
Hmm. Seems similar to what one of my friends does. And she works from home doing this too. Head office is on the east coast, while she works from the west coast. PM me a link to your actual resume, and I'll see if they're hiring. The other possibility is to get some project work with a staffing agency like Robert Half Technologies. Check out www.rht.com when you have time.
Yeah, with your SEO experience, they might have something.
For when you want to smell like chlorine and humidity?
So, music for a commercial? Does it need words, or music only?
Not sure why I'd vouch for someone I don't know in real life.
Doesn't the kind of visa you have make a difference? I'm not sure what kind of employment you're allowed to get on a student visa.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tfMcxmOBmpk
Along with the other suggestions, your school should have a job placement office that can help.
If you can prove his dogs did this, you can also try small claims court to recoup damages.
But a Fitbit? A jewelry organizer? And a giftcard to Sephora? These aren't necessities.
Invent a time machine or redo your work. You can't get data back from hardware no longer in your possession.
Buy kids meals to collect the toys.
Doesn't your school have a housing office you can talk to? You say that government housing doesn't agree with you, but beggars can't always be choosers.
I'm running this myself with OMV. Installed plugins for Transmission and SMB, but SFTP is also available. I installed the Open VPN client from the command line too.
One of the obvious things would be to use your education to get a better job. What did you get a degree in, since you went for the education?
Did I misread that you're going to university now?
As a client, it should work ok if you're using DLNA instead of Plex on the back end.
Does your university offer housing, like in dormitories?
And you can't get financial aid to help with that?
Hm. Ok. I don't know how they do things there, but here in the US, educational costs are often covered by grants and scholarships, loans, and part time work. Most benefactors would like to make sure you've exhausted these options, as well as knowing how well you are performing in school. What you're asking for is unlikely to happen in the short term, so it's worth the effort to take steps now to qualify for grants and scholarships and any other aid you can get for the next and future terms and get a job to save up until you can get in to a dorm or off-campus housing.
You might have already checked with these folks, but just in case... http://students.mq.edu.au/support/health_and_wellbeing/welfare_service/ It says they can help with financial issues. Otherwise, asking the internet to help support you until graduation is a tough sell because of its open ended nature.
Do you have a regular account? Not sure I'd want to support a "drive-by" account just created today.
The Bosnia field there has helicopter fuselages, yes.
Have you tried selling those on Craigslist, so that someone local to you could pay you in person for your sunglasses?
Actually, HDMI to VGA. Also keep in mind, audio needs to be broken out of the HDMI connection too, else you'd just only have a picture.
Loma Linda School of Dentistry?
Fucking kids...
Removed. Account doesn't meet karma requirement.
&gt; Unemployment won't even help them (unassumingly due to their credit history but idk). Credit worthiness has no impact on receiving unemployment benefits. They're usually denied if the applicant hasn't worked for very long, worked under the table for cash, or with just cause. At this point, selling as much of their possessions for cash would be the quickest short term solution, but merely buys enough time to to get to the next month. The upside of selling everything for cash is that it makes moving out easier.
Clinical trials for drugs can have risks. For example, early stage drug trials are often done to determine if they're dangerous to humans and in what dosages. But not all medical research is pharmacology. For example, a sleep study would be pretty harmless. So it depends. If they're testing something that you're not comfortable in taking those risks, then obviously you should avoid it. Finally, if you happen to be a healthy female, selling your eggs can make several thousands of dollars. But they often have a lot of stipulations in who they'll accept.
The $160 appears to be for the visit. You'll see another dollar amount on the invoice for the estimated price of repairs.
Is your machine running hot? Turn it off and let it cool down for a while, then restart it.
How are you going to get a loan with no job?
It would probably be best to have that as an Amazon wishlist item for someone to purchase for you.
For the amount of money you're looking for, a lot of people would hesitate simply because this doesn't appear to be an established charity. If this is something you're planning on doing on an ongoing basis, I would suggest you look into registering with your state as a non-profit. Not only does this help make you look more reputable, but it also helps that people would be able to receive a tax break for their donations.
Given the choice, at the moment I would get an ODROID XU4. It has GB ethernet and USB3.0, which I find more useful than SATA2 simply because I can keep adding drives. http://www.hardkernel.com/main/products/prdt_info.php?g_code=G143452239825&amp;tab_idx=1 Something to think about if you're building a NAS. If you're willing to spend 2x that price, the ECS Liva-X mini pc is a bit more capable. http://smile.amazon.com/ECS-Elitegroup-LIVA-X-2GB-32GB/dp/B00SAYE162/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1453924330&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=liva+x+2gb+32gb+mini+pc
I want to move my Plex media files (totalling over 7TB spread over 3 external drives) over to a NAS eventually. Since the BananaPi only has one SATA port, USB3 is the next best option for me. :)
It just depends on your budget. Obviously the more capable the machine, the more it'll cost.
Sounds like the PSU was part of a USB-to-SATA kit. :)
Check your local area for dentistry schools. They're always looking for patients, and are much more affordable.
That's awesome...
This account doesn't meet the karma requirement for making requests.
These are the requesting rules: https://www.reddit.com/r/Assistance/wiki/rules
Have you told them that you want to move out?
The odd thing about it was that this account never even commented on that other post. For reference: https://np.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/42vibu/how_do_i_22f_leave_my_abusive_boyfriend27m/
Then the first thing I'd recommend is getting a PO box or box at a retail postal service, and have your mail sent there. Food stamps, bank account statements, everything. Next, is to find a friend who'll let you stay with them while you find a better job. Keep the one you have until you have something better. Pay your friend a token amount of rent for helping you out. Save up until you can find afford your own place, or rent a place with a friend. But don't do this too quickly! There are better things to spend money on that's of greater benefit in the long run, like college.
What if she tosses an accordion?
Or lime Jello.
Okay, so how many have you read? :-D
Realistically, no one is going to offer you a job that you can work remotely from home. You have no work history to show how well you can work unsupervised. Is there a reason why it has to be a job that's done remote? Because I'm pretty sure you can hire someone in India for cheaper than what people would get paid here given your skillset.
Which costs more? Repair or replacement?
If you're a healthy female, you can donate your eggs.
But you don't have to completely pay off a credit card.
Do you have a baby registry somewhere? People often prefer that instead of giving cash.
Removed. No 3rd party requests as it goes against our requirement for active Reddit users only.
Ask for a raise...
Reboot, and try again. Some updates have dependencies that don't register until you reboot.
Isn't this just marketing?
What kind of crazy person tries to catch up and pass a truck doing that??
http://i.imgur.com/sJOcpqm.jpg
1901 is like the Club 33 for DCA. The entrance is next door to Carthay.
Driving in to oncoming traffic is a good job?
From what I was told, it was limited to corporate, not individual Club 33 memberships.
As you don't meet the comment karma requirements, this request is now removed. https://www.reddit.com/r/Need/about/rules/
There's nothing personal about proof. That's the beauty of it.
Hurrah for cafeteria Christianity, where every lay-person is an expert at knowing what's supposed still be valid!
Of course there are crazy atheists! But we recognize their motivation isn't because of some twisted interpretation of some religion. Actually.. I guess you could also show crazy people who think their actions are blamed on government conspiracies, aliens, chemtrails, and the like... But none of those are relevant to whether or not your deity exists.
If this is all true, I would have publicized this church's bad behavior in at least the local media.
There's a redditor that does it in fancy script. Get them to do that for you...
You have no location provided. Might be useful if someone local to you can help. You have no method of money transfer listed. Something like PayPal where someone could send money. Add these to your post so readers have some idea of how to help. :)
What skillset can you provide that someone from Greece can't? After all, Greece has one of the highest rates of unemployment in Europe already.
You're dodging the question. If you're not providing anything that can't be sourced locally, the same money you're asking for can go further if it wasn't being used to send you there.
You know, you can find volunteers in Greece too. They don't need to import more foreigners.
Okay, this is going to be a little long, but bear with me. Greece is still in a financial crisis. By taking away the opportunity for Greeks to find paid work helping refugees, you actually have a negative impact on the local economy. Paying people for their work isn't some sort of evil thing. It's a bigger picture than what you're thinking of. Right now, Greece can't really afford to help the refugees, considering their national debt is so high that they've cut so many government services resulting in the loss of even more jobs. Sending a foreigner in to work for free not only deprives the country of a paid job, but also the taxes on their income and on their purchases. Importing volunteers results in a lot of wasted overhead. You have to house them, feed them, translate for them. You also have to deal with volunteers differently, because you can't always expect them to do the hard ugly jobs for free, like dealing with sanitation issues, or volunteers that quit because they just don't want to do it for whatever reason. At least paid employees have some incentive to do the work. Volunteers also get no workplace protection. They're not employees, after all. And in this case, OP is only volunteering for 4 weeks, when the need goes beyond that. I get that people like OP want to be helpful, but unless you've got something that they really need, like for example, a fluency in Arabic, a medical specialty, or some other useful skill, then you're just unskilled manual labor which they already have lots of. It's just an inefficient use of resources to send people like that. Good intentions are not enough.
Have you talked to a bank about a loan, or hit up a payday loan place? Those would be pretty immediate that you could do yourself.
If you're asking for material help (money or goods), you don't meet the comment karma requirements at this time. So this post is going to be removed. However, I suggest you make a new post, looking for maybe some free game to play online or other free ways to distract yourself.
Electrically speaking, the outlets you're speaking of are still American standard 120v/60Hz (more or less). They probably have higher amperage capabilities for the equipment you've described, but are usually fine for common consumer electronics, as they simply won't draw that much current. The anecdote you mention is probably because the guest had a cheap-ass charger that was unable to regulate power adequately.
Technically, bankruptcy doesn't get employers out of paying their employees first before other creditors, unless the employer has no assets left. However, it does mean that until they liquidate their assets, you might be waiting a while. :-/ If you don't mind, could you please let us know what area you live in, so that folks can help you find public assistance as well?
X-box is pretty much a HTPC now. With Windows Core, the same code can run on most platforms now, whereas before, the codebase up until the Xbox One was different enough force separate developer groups.
It's always "essentially" been a PC, however even up to the current models, the video chipsets were standardized as part of the mainboard, and not off any sort of expandable bus.
I still don't see anything wrong with what you did. You were a gentleman.
Hate it. It was like watching a video game cut scene.
Can't beat Dole Whip + Malibu rum...
If we were going by movies no one has ever seen, then Splash Mountain could go because Song of the South is too racist to re-release.
While a lot of the ones I know have iPhones, they aren't in the majority in my circles.
So they sent you a copy of the original invoice/bill? A lot of collections agencies will buy debt but don't have the documentation to back it up. If the old apartment complex can't verify, and the collections agency can't provide an invoice or bill, then tell the collector they have no legal grounds to pursue. It seems like the old apartment complex won't care enough to provide a copy simply because there's nothing in it for them. That old debt has already been sold to an agency, so the apartments won't see anything that the agency collects.
Good old OC...
Will your employer help with your internet and phone bill?
They're not allowed at our practice and race locations in Long Beach.
I want to see if it crashed now... Damn you OP!
Fun Fact: Chihuahuas were once used for food too. http://www.thedogplace.org/breeds/chihuahua/history.asp
People have chickens and pigs as pets. Your pet is just someone else's food.
The fire marshal will simply tell Disney to start turning people away when they're at capacity. But odds are, you won't need to worry about it with the SoCal pass because those all those really busy days would likely get blocked out for you anyway.
Because?
Helpful tip to avoid the reflection: Put the camera all the way up to the window glass.
Can't bank the curves?
"Free-range" = off-the-street?
Random question. Why did you sign up for a class like that knowing you didn't have a camera for it? Are you an art major of some sort, and this was a required class?
Left4Dead 2, and an old version of Command and Conquer
Ah, okay. Usually a course description would mention details like that...
There used to be gators in Buena Park though...
A child is going to be way more expensive than a pool in the long run. Until you increase your income, child-free is the way to go...
I'm running C&amp;C 3: Kane's Wrath
Does the UK have a standard certification for service dogs? I can see a lot of people abusing such laws just to bring a pet.
Ir spotlight would help blind the cameras...
As I remember, they accept other tests too, such as the SAT.
This would be better served in /r/AskReddit, wouldn't it?
Once in a while it stops responding to my pen or touches, but if I swipe the screen from the left to bring up the running programs, and then back to Chrome, it works fine again.
Since it's not expandable, get the most RAM and SSD capacity you can afford.
They race at night? That's pretty cool!
How about Mile Square Park in Fountain Valley? http://ocparks.com/parks/mile/
Is this one of those cases where the part is cheap but the labor is expensive?
Booze and fatty snack foods apparently...
Why did you stay with him even two years?
I hope it wasn't a picture of Bob Jones University...
You'll never be able to make everyone happy. You can piss off the Israelis, the Arabs, the sub-faction of Arabs, the Palestinians, the Kurds, the whey... Someone is always going to grumpy.
That sucks that people would steal a little kid's bike... :-/
I can't tell what exactly you're asking for. The site asks for my email address to enter a contest, but I don't see how that's supposed to help you. Edit: Oh I see. It's a referral link.
I think Stein's;Gate or Boku dake ga Inai Machi would work with American audiences. Relatively complex story lines with likable characters.
Care to share your take then? Downvotes, really? What? People just are lazier than me? Reminds me of Monty Python's Argument Clinic, where the guy you're paying for to argue simply says "No, it's not!" That's disingenuous.
Bridges of Madison County...
It really is the adapter. I had to get an active one to get it working with the dock.
1v7 and you're worried about not hurting them too badly? Usually in that kind of situation, you need to hurt people enough so they don't come back at you again. But you could have walked away at the start, I suppose. I realize that's often much more difficult depending on your mindset at the time. And walking away is often no guarantee that they'll leave you alone.
Venice Beach has a lot of quirky shops and eateries to check out.
Don't forget, there's the SD Zoo AND the SD Wild Animal Park!
Medieval Times in Buena Park
What kind of power supply are you using?
PM me your paypal address, please. The only reason I'm doing this is because if you don't pay it back, I can sic Emily after you... :)
5V 3A should be more than fine for a Cubox. Reimage the SD card yet?
That guard cat works better than a lot of dogs I've seen.
I bow to your fecal fortitude...
I suppose there's one way to find out...
