&gt; I'm merely being pedantic Yet your whinging about other people being autists?
Do you use public transport or work near one? They are far from out of site and out of mind. In many of them, particularly around community housing, being mugged on a Wednesday afternoon is hardly unheard of.
Do you have time to build a fort line along the german border? Maybe iff you hold up the soviets enough then america will liberate germany instead of the soviets.
It's a shame, it's a fuck load better than facebook.
&gt; Admirable goals but ecoterrorism is the wrong way to go about it. Can you suggest a better approach? Peaceful protest just gets ignored.
&gt; reef as a human shield Yep, nothing misleading in that statement!
So play the game by their rules only with less money and resources? I'm sure that'll work!
By greek catholics do the mean orthodox? When did the name change?
&gt; If Shorten had approached them simply to encourage this outcome, then it may have happened sooner. As it stands, he's probably delayed the decision. So it's Shortens fault that the Liberals don't support marriage equality?
He was waiting for you to get out of the shower, giving you priority on the hot water and this is the thanks he gets?
I love the metric system as much as the next guy, but how is it relevant here?
&gt; Mistakes happen. I'd rather a legal court decide, rather than "Minister says so" This is the big one that automatically makes it a bad idea. &gt;If they are remorseful, like some of the current ones are, they may be a useful tool to help prevent further people going to train. This is exactly what courts do, revocation of citizenship could be considered the maximum sentence.
You know there are a number of factors, such as voter turnout and lack of preference voting that make the UK a lot harder to accurately predict than Australia right?
&gt; I would like to see the peer reviewed studies on this issue before I make up my mind There's been a number of them now. All report vaping being damaging to your lungs. One or two even came to the conclusion that it's more damaging. Edit - Fine some citations: * [Vaping may have a cancer risk 5 to 15 times higher than than long term smoking](http://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJMc1413069?query=featured_home&amp;&amp;#t=article) * [Ecigs cause a 58% increase in macrophage infiltration](http://journals.plos.org/plosone/article?id=10.1371/journal.pone.0116861#abstract0)
[Google](https://www.google.com.au/). They pop up from time to time and I don't take that much interest in it.
&gt; When I took my first programming class in 1971, I found it very easy. But, I noticed the other students struggling and dropping out The problem now is that they complete their degrees and some of them end up in the industry. Fail early isn't just for programs.
&gt; one person may at one point hold 2 variables in their head, while another person can at one point hold 5 variables in their head And the former will produce cleaner code. You don't want to take over maintenance from the "genius" that can hold 50 variables in his head.
Freedom fighters don't attack civilians.
But if several polls all jump 2-3% then there is probably a cause, more so if it remains at that level.
&gt; Why is he an idiot? They spent millions of dollars on original content available solely to the subscribers. Why not use the userbase it to show off the quality content you are producing? It's like marketing 101. Because /u/DaltoniusRex suggestion accomplishes exactly the same thing in a less intrusive way. Netflix got to their position by being convenient and pleasant to use. If they stop that then it's back to torrenting.
Not for me, it doesn't understand a word I say!
I expect this from the mainstream media. What really annoys me is that the ABC repeats it.
*Generic down vote for stupid comment*
I didn't even realize this until about 5 years after I was over it, I only really went out of habit.
And? When the government stopped reporting there was no source of information to keep it going. If the government had really "STOPPED THE BOATS" they wouldn't be hiding all their information would they?
We have zero information to say whether lives have been saved or not.
Plus you can buy a copy of the wind waker for just $99! I think it was only actually $80 on launch, more than a decade ago.
Yes it should be. Let's start with ensuring 457 and student visas can speak functional English.
&gt; but does every worker on your project need to be Mozart or Einstein No, but they need to have moved beyond paint by numbers. &gt;One that says "programming schools should stop emitting programmers who cant program adequately". We aren't just talking about graduates here. It's often "professional" developers with several years of experience.
&gt; I would assume Zeppelin (air ship) would be the least polluting method for mass transit. However the problem is Air ships cannot move at 600+ Mph like Boeing air buses. I'm not sure if that's a safe bet, it faces air resistance from a much bigger surface area.
Links above.
Links above.
Citations edited in.
&gt; Maybe if english was our official language, but it's not. You probably wouldn't know that if you didn't speak english! Either way, it is our de facto official language.
&gt; Yep, but not an official language. We really have no right to force it on people trying to become Australians. We aren't forcing them, we're talking about making it a condition to become an Australian citizen. The choice is entirely theirs.
Air resistance involves area, speed and weight. A piece of paper encounters quite a bit of resistance at low speeds for instance, fold the paper into a plane and it slices through very easily.
&gt; If there is no way around that to become an Australian citizen, that is force. There is no forcing involved. These are our conditions, either comply or not, completely up to the individual.
&gt;and universities do not accept students who have not met a certain score in this HAHAHAHA!
Nope, your just using the word incorrectly.
&gt; The IETLS test is already a requirement for any visa applicants from nonnative-English countries, you dumb dog-whistling fuckstick. She forgot to specify, we should have a *useful* test!
If you want to live in a foreign enclave why migrate anyway?
A different set of standards needs to apply to refugees, such as mandatory classes until proficiency is obtained.
&gt; To apply for a PR visa you need to prove you are efficient in English. Proficient? And the test is a joke.
It's not useful because people can pass it and still be completely incapable of communicating in English.
A german engineer wouldn't work for a 457 salary.
Which is bullshit, anyone can buy a pass on one of those exams.
Then the test is incredibly easy and in no way useful, judging by the results. More likely the ones that know they'll fail have someone else take it for them.
What do I base it on? I base it on the amount of people I've worked with that have apparently passed this test for their 457 and/or education visa and can't speak a lick of English.
And I can tell you that passing in no way means someone who can speak English. Source: wprked with lots of people that somehow "passed" this test.
If that's the case then we need to change the enforcement of the test to one we have control ovee because the current system obviously isn't working.
I honestly don't care what the test is or how it works. I care about the outcome of our migrants, particularly the ones I work with, having half decent communication skills.
How does an economic refugee differ from a normal migrant? If they aren't fleeing persecution they should be subjected to the same standard as everyone else. Edit - are/aren't.
Then how do you explain the lack of English skills amongst people that have passed? Either the test is useless or there is a lot of cheating going on.
And they completed these assignments all by themselves? Don't be naive.
&gt; You could make an argument from maintaining Australia culture that a very basic understanding of an Aboriginal language should be necessary. But English is in no danger of being lost to the world. No you couldn't, Australia (the country) Is a European, primarily English invention with no connection to the previous inhabitants other than sharing the geography.
Hypocrisy, they make the laws that keeps drug illegal for everyone else.
Because judging every one on the same requirements is the only way to be fair. If I were you I'd be more pissed at the ones that cheat the test rather than the test itself.
Isn't English the primary, or at least universal secondary, language of fiji anyway?
How many are there that didn't learn english in primary school? And why would an Australian citizen, with all the rights that come with it, be held to the same standard as a non-citizen with no rights?
Try working with people that "earned" masters degrees and are incapable of fairly basic English, let alone comprehending a university lecture.
What's the age distribution on the non-english speakers?
I meant if they aren't fleeing persecution they should be treated the same as any other migrant, including the English requirement.
It's not a single co worker, it's dozens ive worked with and closer to the rule than the exception. Other people in this thread are reporting the same experiences.
Then we need to enforce the standard in Australia, by people not paying to take the test!
Education systems based entirely on rote "learning" is another aspect of our immigration system that sucks balls.
No it doesn't, it might provide an indication but being bi-lingual doesn't automatically make someone smarter than someone that isn't.
Computer Science.
No they don't have the same rights. They have no right to live, work or even visit here unless the government says so. Until citizenship is granted we can put any conditions we want on that.
&gt; My feeling is the science isn't definitive at the moment, and may not be for years. That's basically my position too.
&gt; I heard of an Irish nurse working in Dubai who was made to sit an English test, which is just absurd. It's a waste of time and bureaucracy, to prove some kind of "diversity" point. How is that absurd? A lot of irish have extremely thick accents and the person was applying for a job where clear communication between patients and doctors is absolutely vital.
Usually the employer just wants them as a cheap indentured servant and don't give a fuck about their language skills. Hiring isn't always handled by the people that have to work with them.
&gt; Naturally, nomads can choose to settle on a more permanent basis, by completely switching over to a Feudal, Tribal or Republican lifestyle So I can have an alt history where turkic invaders set up a trade republic on the black sea?
That is a perfectly solvable problem though.
I thought it sounded like a good idea until I tried writing atom plugins....
&gt; Victoria and HOI don't, What? HOI is essentially a battle to be the biggest blob by the end of the game.
Drunk me needs this feature!
Working with lots of people that can't communicate in English. Anyone that's worked with a lot of migrants know this.
Depending on the type of project, using source control would solve this just fine. Let the commits speak for themselves.
&gt; Imagine being a skilled worker in the developed world, with a solid qualification, but no wealth in your family and looking at that kind of cost. A skilled worker in the developed world should be able to afford that just fine. Sure it's not cheap but it's certainly doable.
I've seen this in IT too. Just about any software project for external sale can be classified as R&amp;D.
&gt; I work with a lot of migrants in my company and they all have functional English. Do you have any evidence that they can speak functional english? &gt;I work with a lot of migrants in my company and they all have functional English. You said you got your visa ~3 years ago. Have you considered that you might not be in the best position to judge?
To an extent they're right. Look at the amount of people complaining about Melbourne's "tiny" 42sq meter apartments. A lot of people here seem to be able to expect a big house in a suburb close to a CBD, they're expectations need to change.
The did spend money on infrastructure and on energy/financial efficiency.
&gt; He should have just left politics and retired gracefully but instead he spent the next couple of years destablising the government and his own party. And then, when they realized how shit Gillard was the welcomed him back with open arms.
&gt; That's not really on her though, Rudd had pissed off all the major factions and powerbrokers, not to mention his own partyroom, Gillard was just in the right place at the right time, with a sufficient ego to accept the challenge. If they were all so pissed off then why were they so willing to welcome him back?
&gt; Are you just being facetious now? Nope. Your saying all I have is conjecture, where is your evidence?
&gt;Neither of which passes as evidence for your original claim that the IELTS is easily cheated on or abused. It's either worthless or easily cheated and abused, maybe even some combination of both. I don't care about that, I care about the results. Read through the rest of the thread, you'll find plenty of people have had the exact same experience. &gt;Would you like me to go around and record conversations with a few of the migrants in this company? I could do that here, some speak great english. That doesn't mean the system as a whole is working. The migrants that do speak english well are often the ones that inform me of how easily the system is rorted.
It'll turn up somewhere with the wheels taken off*. *Not joking sadly, I see this with prams quite regularly.
Hasn't Constantinople only changed hands once in the last 2000 years?
Did Germany ever consider not building such a large fleet so as not to piss off Britain?
Flammable scaffolding!
I also some words on occasion!
I demanded evidence in response to another demand for evidence. If my (subjective) evidence isn't good enough, then why does the other side get away with no evidence?
LOL, there best we're hoping for out of the libs is that a minority support it within the party, *IF* they are allowed to.
It's not being debated, everyone agrees, it can be passed at any time. Liberals are the ones playing politics here.
&gt;It's different from English. It's Australian Sign Language - a different whole language. Apart from the method of communication, what makes it a different language? Honest question, AFAIK this sound a bit like saying written english and spoken english are different languages?
Which is still a matter of adjusting expectations!
&gt; buying housing at 900k plus, which would be a medium price in sydney for a house Someone buying into the market should be doing so at the low end, not the middle.
That's fine, just don't whinge if prices continue to rise, or at least stay at the current level and you can't afford to buy one.
The ones I was referring to were calling 42sqm tiny for a single bedroom.
A lot of places in Melbourne you could get a 2 bedroom apartment for that. I'm not arguing it's not harder, I'm arguing it's still possible if you adjust expectations.
Exactly. A million houses in tge country no longer pissing money down the drain on temperature control.
My studio is about 28, which is plenty.
It was the call back hell that put me off more than anything. I ended up going back to trusty old vim!
Great, the wishful thinking approach to home ownership.
Waiting for the world to adjust to your expectations is rarely rational.
What he's saying is that 35,000 people can be considered "a lot".
We are building more, apartment buildings are going up pretty quickly around Melbourne at the moment.
So? I'm living in Australia, not world average.
OP said he waa doing that, he explicitly said he was waiting for the market to adjust to his expectations.
Not sure if it's Australia wide, but in some states bars can lose their liquor license for not providing free water.
&gt; It's not good code either. That's a bit redundant ;)
The server typically has compiled code, so nothing to ignore.
I disagree that you don't start to see patterns until you are intermediate. Seeing patterns is something a programmer should do naturally. The difference between junior and senior is seeing the right patterns and knowing the long term ramifications, not just finding "clever" ways to write less code.
What? They don't tax your savings.
Your own link says half a million owning two or more.
Fine, prescribe cheap sugar pills, not expensive ones made by con artists.
By recovered you mean there was a single, outlying poll that gave them a chance at winning the next election?
&gt; The NBN isn't anywhere near a major issue as you (and most of /r/australia[1] ) think. It's a major issue for a lot of people that work in IT, eduction, health etc. As well as a whole heap of businesses that would benefit.
I'm not sure if food is covered, it comes under RSA rules.
&gt; How do you feel about overpaying for an asset that will be worth less than what you paid in 10 years time? It wont' be worth less in absolute terms. In the mean time, paying for my mortgage is cheaper than paying rent, so I feel quite good about it.
Sydney looks very different, I have no idea why there is such a discrepancy.
We did have the GFC though.
This is highly optimized compared to others I've seen. Let me now when it's loading each client in a separate sql statement or several.
Reminds me of a guy I used to work with that demanded we use arrays instead of lists because "arrays are faster". Then he used the same trick, using redim x thousand times. Take the redim part out and I've seen Microsoft guidance recommend software to be built this way. :(
&gt;Because, well, aside from food, we don't produce anything useful. *ahem* Coal!
Or foreign investors just fill the void!
Id, not ID. It's an abbreviation of identity, not an Identity Document.
If they don't lie they can't meet the bullshit expectations that allow the job to go to an h1b in the first place.
I've seen a few different processes lead there, usually cargo cult thinking. One common one seems to be: stored procedures are faster &gt; everything must be a stored proc &gt; stored proc can't handle dynamic scenario &gt; handle it in code. They refuse to admit that dynamic sql would be faster because it would break there long held belief. I've had conversations with DBAs that think the entire table should be sorted/paged in code.
Are there any competent people left doing VB? Anyone with half a brain would have moved to c# years ago.
So "(C|J).*"? My regex skills are rusty.
That's not double dipping, that's taxing new income.
We're also edging cloaer to tge next election, it takes time to turn a ship around, especially if we're heading into a recession.
I was already pushing the limuts of ny regex skills...
The biggest issue with that sadly is that the government doesn't want to encourage saving, they want consumers spending.
So what your trying to say is that you don't care because your a selfish cunt?
&gt;the worse the ride gets (small adjustments in flight feeling like huge ups and downs). Or it gets better, depending on your perspective. Either way, providing a discount airfare for the people further from the center might see some uptake.
It's running faster for me but let's plays are reporting it running slower. I wonder if it has to do with country size, I'm playing venice.
I agree. Netflix is a much better player and overall experience, but stan has more content I want.
I think the engine can only handle water at sea level.
I think it's the attrition changes that the AI doesn't know how to deal with. In my limited play time I've seen some big wars end as stalemates.
Maybe some condensation forming on the aerial.
I wonder if paradox would consider making it single player only considering that almost every issue was caused by player actions. Multiplayer could always be added in an expansion.
Brand new, ground up rewrites often have just as much (often more) technical debt than the system they are replacing. That crusty old access app might not follow any design patterns, but it's also not bogged down by layers upon layers of them.
Has anyone explained how manpower works now? I seem to be losing a lot more than the attrition tooltip indicates. I also seem to gain manpower back a lot faster than the tooltip says.
Because it's a non issue for the most part. It's pretty common for games to be built this way. Adding variable water levels would probably add some complication (which means slower game play) for very little benefit.
I think it's a sea province from the games perspective, that might have been the only way the engine allowed it to have a name.
Neither of these clubs are in my area, this is more of a general question. Do you have to travel all over melbourne or is it more of a local thing?
I think it's still better than fat pride (or whatever it's called), but not by much.
I lost count of the amount of times FIFA added an "All new 3D ball".
&gt;Honestly at this point anything to help fix iinet's 5-9pm complete fuckout of the DNS would be appreciated. I'm glad this isn't just me.
Pretty terrible.
&gt; Just because a bubble has lasted a long time doesn't mean it will last forever. It also doesn't mean it will burst any time soon.
Except the people that live there still need someone to flip their burgers.
Would the fossil record really be that conclusive? We've only been around for a brief blip on geological scales. &gt;Coal and oil. Where did that all go? (Buuurp!) Or would future species just assume that earth didn't have the correct conditions for them to form?
It's also amazing that there are still stupid laws like that around. Why should the government give a fuck why a couple wants to separate?
I've seen it. It can be fine for a month and then tge Internet can be completely unusable for days.
And EU3. How many paid "patches" were there in the end?
And still way less than the amount killed by the mass extinction we're diving into.
They're still in opposition mode.
Whatever form we end up with (I agree with you), it should go to a separate vote, months afterward.
&gt; 2 hour each way commutes is not unusual for my neighbors driving into Los Angeles. LA is a pretty textbook example of how not to design a city though.
Why would you spend extra to get a realistic looking gun for a kid in the first place? For kids a finger is a suitable gun.
&gt;Shitty decision-making ability and poor self-control. So what's your solution to improve this?
&gt; Is piracy even a concern since Netflix launched? I figured it would have dropped severly. There is a lot of stuff not on Australian netflix.
You're more optimistic than me!
&gt; Pansa Is this where the name of the panzer tank originates?
So the finally clear up doubt about it's future now that's it's irrelevant with windows 8/10 adoption.
But why is that part of the voter registration process. Why can't the party manage their own members?
&gt; That nobody knows where she stands on major issues is the problem. That actually makes it really hard to eviscerate someone, it's why Clinton isn't taking a position. It's like climate change "debates". You can't argue against a deniers position because it is constantly changing with whatever seems convenient at the time.
Would a bullet have the power to kill someone after it already traveled through one human body? Why not just give the police less powerful guns?
Let this guy keep speaking. See where the republicans end up once they've put all the retirees offside!
That's even more impressive. I assumed that the image cut off the usual long runway.
[Possibly](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Braess's_paradox)
It's not piracy, it is illegal access though. I can't wait for region blocking to die.
Who is RuPErt GrinT?
Only the ones not eating enough fiber need this reminder!
As a salaried employee, my price was nearly losing my house after a stint of unemployment. Exact dollar figure is irrelevant.
They have (had) a shared goal though
A corporation with the ability to dictate to nations, what fould possibly go wrong with that? Too big to fail means to big to exist applies to more than just banks!
Your dog has a point, my mailman is always trying to extort money from me, leaving letters saying pay up or else!
So they created something nobody wanted then?
&gt; It is NOT an inherent pixel size to the universe. Hasn't there been several experiments to try to prove one way or another that it is an inherent "pixel size"?
The generation coming into the workplace now (or maybe fro a decade now, get off my lawn) doesn't even know what a "cassette" is.
Printers have fancy LCD screens now, the can say "Load Paper" and include the details in smaller print. Maybe the could even get fancy and tell you which paper size into which tray!
There is no tech "savy" generation, just a generation more comfortable using tech.
You know you've made it when BBB is no longer a valid rival.
They are much more to the educational side of things than entertainment, especially compared to most professional documentaries.
Byzantium, now they can survive without resorting to gamey tactics!
&gt; Most people aren't growing corn or soy in their home gardens What's that got to do with anything?
So how is the federal government funding the EW link any better? They were more than happy to spend taxes from Sydney and Perth on a local road!
Literally pissing money away!
There is a lot of overlap between these groups.
&gt; Governments take lots of things from you without your consent. &gt; Taxes You know your arguing with a bunch of people that think taxes are theft right?
Andrews offered that at one point, they weren't interested.
Just because we lost half a billion dollars doesn't mean we should lose 10 billion more!
Better living under him than the whinging cunt that seems to live there now!
You own it to live in? Don't worry about what the market is doing. In the long term wages will increase and your loan will get comparatively smaller and smaller.
I hear it's a good time to be investing in buggy whip manufacturers!
