The Gorillaz playing in a video about Gareth Bale.....
Littlefinger arrives. YEAH BUT WHOSE SIDE IS HE ON?! WHAT?!.. Are you talking about?! WHOSE SIDE IS HE ON?! What are you talking about?! Yes sir! Get him Littlefinger! Go get him BABAY! Come on and get some of this now! Who's bad now boys?! Littlefinger arrives.. OH MY GOD WHAT IS HE DOING?!
Clyne was our MotM. Skrtel was MotM overall. Please Roy, stop taking Lallana off.
I wouldn't feel so bad about it apart from I feel like 25% of the people who votes leave are chavs who are probably sat outside the shop right now with a can of cider who just hate immigrants and think voting leave will mean "people can have jobs again" even though they have no intention of working anyway.
God we're just fucked. Why did people think it was a good idea to leave? All my family voted leave except me and I asked them why and they have NO IDEA WHY THEY VOTED LEAVE. This is madness. We're fucked guys.
I'm the eldest child.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kjuNuqIev8M This guy voted leave.
So of the 30 areas with the oldest population, 27 voted leave. Of the 30 areas with the least graduates, 28 voted leave. Of the 30 areas who "identify themselves as English", 30 voted leave. So the old and stupid are our leave voters.
I know, I know. I don't. Unfortunately the people at those rallies are your leave voters though. Not all of them, but they're there.
So of the 30 areas with the oldest population, 27 voted leave. Of the 30 areas with the least graduates, 28 voted leave. Of the 30 areas who "identify themselves as English", 30 voted leave. So the old and stupid are our leave voters.
He's just gone and cunted it in.
I bottled it and did to qualify bets today. Couldn't see no extra time.
I'd have gone gay for Giroud long before this goal.
And this is an actual shit post.
2017 is already better than the whole of 2016.
Not sure what game you watched but we never looked tired at any point during that game.
Chelsea play Spurs away next - this could be 1 point gained. Calm down.
6 &gt; 5. We closed a gap. I didn't realise you get automatic 3 points for games in hand these days.
Oh right may as well add a point on to Chelsea's tally then these points don't matter lads.
Yeah we should have gone out and signed some players in October. Fucking Klopp.
I'd say our games were pretty equal. Home to City and away to Sunderland. Home to Stoke and away to Spurs. If we gain a point on you after an equally hard set of fixtures for both teams it can only be seen as positive.
I would have been too, that smile he gave while saying he was happy was the sort of maniacal look you get from someone who's pissed on a night out right before he smacks you.
Because you'd sound like a cock saying that. Just call it fucking exaggeration and stop being pretentious.
Apparently that's been illegal to do for long before Sky. I remember reading something along those lines.
Seriously. Why couldn't all the games just be played tonight and tomorrow at 7:45-8pm? It's an extra days rest for most teams and something most are used to with Saturday games and Champions League/League Cup fixtures midweek. Baffling.
[[Argent Lance]]
Hmm.. What did I fail on in that question.
Moo.
I didn't even realise this was a thing. Is gold that important? You'll gain gold just playing every day anyway. Seems pointless to me.
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
I dusted pretty much most of the epics and legendarys except Dr Boom for the feels.
And they thought Dennis was crazy.
You don't have to play it on turn 1. Sometimes it's good to just hold it back a few turns to get the guaranteed heal and trade off with a minion/weapon charge.
Some people just want to watch the ~~world~~ sausages burn.
I'm sorry for your downvotes. I'm^not^sorry
Raticate on turn 7 vs rogue = gg.
Chancey is so broken lol. Silence &gt; Divine Spirit &gt; Inner fire. It'll most likely stick for a turn or two as well to give time to buff it.
What about when he was in the UK on the Saturday before the Royal Rumble when he returned at 30 to shock everyone. He was at White Hart Lane for a Tottenham game in one of their shirts that day so the latest he'd have left the game would be like 5pm, 8pm-ish if they played an evening game. He was back in the US returning from injury months earlier than expected the next day.
https://twitter.com/_chrisbascombe/status/819292123749117953
Hi r/all
No shit.
Give us a chance mate we only play tomorrow. ┴┬┴┤( ͡° ͜ʖ├┬┴┬
Get fucked Payet?
Wonder how much he had on himself to score the first goal.
I said last year when I saw us playing him that he's almost impossible to dispossess. I don't get it, the ball just sticks to his fucking feet. When he keeps himself fit he's a beast.
They stuck him in their provisional squad for some weird reason.
Fuck it, call up James Milner to England then because fuck him if he wants to retire, he has to play. While we're at it include Shearer, Gerrard and Beckham too the lazy fucks.
I thought Phil Jones and Rojo was your best partnership?
If FM had stats up to 100 Super Robot James Milner would be 100/100 for penos.
I think the universe would implode.
What a fucking save getting down so close to him.
Nah he booked him for the "foul".
A bigger joke was Rooney not even seeing yellow for a red card tackle.
A couple penalties I think though, definitely one for us. Not so bad if they're peno's/free kicks.
I do watch some City and he's never really impressed. But you watch more than me so I'll take your word for it.
Because that's what I said.
They play different fucking positions. You can't compare the two. And if you could, Toby is better. Spurs need to worry less about keeping Alli and Kane and worry more about Real/Barca knocking for Toby. Fucking immense that lad.
‪ https://twitter.com/FinallyKais/status/821104099940855810/photo/1‬
I know i'm a Liverpool fan and I swear i'm not being arsey, I understand he's won a Premier League medal, but who the fuck is this guy? I literally don't remember him. Did he play much for you guys? Edit: I googled him and remember him for his mohawk. What happened to that guy?
Incoming Lifetime ban for Didier Drogba.
Wow enjoy those downvotes bro.
I think it was "did you just use the word fam and make yourself look like a brainless retarded cunt?"
UNNNLAACCKEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Can't remember which game it was recently but that goal he conceded where the team was shooting to the right as the camera looks, where it went bottom right corner (his right) and he barely moved for it when it was quite saveable. Doesn't matter what league you play in stuff like that needs to be saved.
I liked the explanation until you randomly threw you were f2p into the post. I don't really care about whether or not you're f2p.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sarcasm
Hell, I'm a relief chef for a catering company that does meals for companies lunch, like head offices for Sony, Regatta, AO etc. No one ever questions me. I turn up wearing a hoodie and carrying by bag with knives and chef clothes in them, at security I simply say "I'm here to work in the kitchen today" and I literally sign in, get pointed in the right direction and away I go. No ID, no nothing. Hell, most of the time I get given a security badge to get me through doors or barriers.
That must be the voice actor. Like there's no way that isn't him. Or one of those pro mimics.
Why have you brought this into my life? Now I have to find an excuse why i'm not going into town tonight because I really want to browse /r/spacedicks.
I climbed from 1300 to 2050 solo I thought I did good :(
I dunno, at what age do kids learn about the dankest of memes these days? You could become a pretty dank teacher if you knew your memes.
Klavan should never have been given a second yellow.
You completely missed the part where I said I wasn't bothered by you lot doing it last week?
The ref didn't even give a foul. If he did anything again this situation would have had no bearing on it.
No it was to show that I wasn't just hating on long ball play because I don't see an issue with it. The two scenario's were different in the sense that we did it from the 91st minute onwards but whatever floats your boat.
So the referee is corrupt? Got you.
Nope just about 20 minutes.
We launched a few long balls into the box in injury time like any team would because we didn't have time left to play our normal game is my point. Opposition is irrelevant when you're into injury time with no time for plan A.
He was brought on in the 75th minute. Our long balls were clearances when we were 1-0 up to try and get rid of pressure. I don't have a problem with long balls at all, it's part of the game. The two situations are different.
CAN I HAVE SOME DECORUM PLEASE?!
Level 200 or so. Played in all 3 comp seasons. Currently Plat. Did not know about this.
I dunno, Mane is pretty impossible to play against when he's on it.
It's such a hard 4 to rank, but I wouldn't put Bobby at the bottom. The lad oozes class. Although if you'd have said the same sentence and replaced the players I probably would have argued with it. No idea how i'd rank them.
He's our top league scorer now though. I reckon he can hit between 15-20 this season, which is a great return for him considering how/where he plays.
I know he's a different position than Bale but why shouldn't we hold out for that amount of silly money? There's not that much between them ability wise in my opinion. Cout is still progressing and is 3 years younger, and (usually) stays fit.
His hammer swing either hits from 10 metres away or misses someone standing on your toes.
I'd honestly just rather do The John J. Keeshan questline from Redridge over and over than some of the other boring stuff.
Bet he fucking watches Netflix on the Ultra HD package and gives his password so his city mates can also watch on his account too the fucking cunt. Defense training at City this season is scrapped in place of Netflix account organising, as only 4 people can watch at any time it takes a lot of figuring out when Fabian Delph can watch Peaky fucking Blinders.
While we're at it, if my game crashes or freezes as a game starts up and I have to ALT+F4 or task manager close it, I literally relaunch the game quick enough to get back in before the match even starts, yet it won't allow you. It just bans you for 10 mins and -50CP. Why is this? My game has frozen, if i'm not back within a minute, sure, cancel the game like you usually would but this makes no sense.
Oh it's only happened maybe twice this season but it's enough to annoy me about the system.
Sorry yes, SR.
[I raise you Djimmi Traore's Zidane drag back finish](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e8DDdQ8PJms)
[I raise you Djimmi Traore's Zidane drag back finish](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e8DDdQ8PJms)
God help this fucking team when we play in Europe next season. Which is looking more like Europa than Champions League. They can't handle two games in a fucking week. Absolutely pathetic week of "football" from us. I have faith in Jurgen but i'm so angry at him for that team today. We needed to spank these lot for confidence, but no let's give Connor fucking Randall a run out. Joke.
Don't be getting people's hopes up lad it's nothing like your one. In fact that sensible "whats wrong with todays football" thread came from one of those interviews I think.
I'm complaining about that because we needed a win for confidence. Not let's give Connor fucking Randall a game because why not? I love Klopp but today was a disaster from start to finish.
Why he thought Connor Randall could ever do a job is beyond me, I think most of us recognise him as League 1 standard at best. I've nothing against the lad he's just never going to be good enough for us.
Joe Gomez could have done a better job there and play Matip. He's had 4 weeks off.
~~gg ez~~ I feel very, very small... please hold me..
Bodvarsson turned into fucking Messi for his cameo.
I think if we don't get a good start we start to panic way too much. And if a team scores against us before we score it's good fucking game because then they just sit back and hit us on the break when we lose the ball on the edge of the area with 8 men in your half.
I often wonder if we looked at this shit 10 years ago and found it acceptable quality?
Too true. You NEVER need to walk, you're telling yourself you need to but you really don't. Just slow down, take it easy, focus on your breathing. I'm not an expert runner by any stretch of the imagination and in the 3 years since i've started running i've never taken a walk break that wasn't planned as part of my workout.
The picture of her is looking at me...
My girlfriend came out on my birthday and insisted the guys still took me to the strip club for my birthday tradition. She also got a dance with me for a laugh.
So Chelsea then?
He wasn't worth £50m then and he never was. Euro's hype put the price up plus he's almost 30.
Think he's just thrown a bit of a fit at the way the season has gone. Probably had his head turned by the mere mention of all these amazing clubs after him in the summer that never materalised too.
I don't even think it applies to just top team vs non top team. I reckon most teams will play this way against us as it works. United first did it at Anfield. Klopp has shown a willingness to change as he countered City doing the same thing, so we'll see how he sets up against you lot on Tuesday. The City tactics really came out of nowhere though.
Eh, he could play. He just probably wouldn't play very well. Like me at 5-a-side on a Monday after getting in at 5am Sunday morning pissed up.
People keep going on about players having to fly home like it doesn't count as a rest day. They're on private jets, not ryanair. They're not squashed into an aisle next to a fat bloke with his wife and screaming kid. These jets are more comfortable than my living room.
kys should be the next "gg ez" nerf.
I don't think we even booed Paul konchesky or Christian Poulsen. I can't remember us doing it once but maybe someone can remind me.
The glorious nation of Swedistan
Yes pls.
He did sort of change that for the last couple games though. Two up top vs you men and West Ham and we scored 7.
There's plenty Sterling to go around judging by his 15 kids to be fair.
Thought that was Klavans wife.
We could buy him.. But then that would literally be it unless we sold a fuckload of others.
r/hedidthemath
Mate we woke up Sunday morning and it was like "Meireles is signing" and everyone was like wtf? Since when?
I hit 2600 last season, ended around 2450, won 7/10 and placed 2456. So it kinda worked out fine for me. Plus the sr boost after just placing kicked on and I played 2 games after placing and got +100 SR total after winning them both.
Fuck the red team and their pro everyone.
So is Shaqiris body shape square or a rectangle?
Wenger has just bid €100,000,001.
Don't, it's fucking Wayne Rooney.
Seemed to work fine for me, I must be an exception. Highest was 2600, finished 2450, won 7/10, placed 2456.
Although Southgate has something to say about "active".
More games played though, just a LIDL Sunil Chhetri.
Who's going to take any of those useless fucks off their hands Barring Pickford and Defoe who has already gone.
250% less tv money and still have reasonably priced tickets. Fuck our league honestly.
Mate it's 2017.
If I played dps I'd probably float around in silver. Playing mercy only will maybe help me hit diamond this season. People do recognise and appreciate you, I'm always on the medals screen, I get constant "wp great rez" etc. In fact, the greatest compliment you can get is like after round 1 on KotH having the opposition team comp change to something like a Winston/tracer or suddenly their Pharah literally just follows you around. Even if your team doesn't realise the great job you're doing the opponent definitely does.
Did I miss sarcasm? I'm normally good at that shit.
r/soccer Edit: fuck I had that typed out and had to serve someone at work.
Was looking for that cunt IndyKaila then literally lol'd at the bottom tier.
Meireles was pretty much "btw we signed Meireles lol"
Will she only ref women's matches? And if not, can she take a bump in a men's match like a normal ref would or is that against the male on female violence thing? Or is it okay if "accidental"?
If they want some dosh we'll take Nainggolan while we're at it.
We're up to £6 lads.
So basically for 17 years I've thought that was a spear but really it was a perfect DDT. Calculated.
True, he's done a great job but let's be honest it's Real Madrid.
Fucking scumbag move from Ramos. They didn't even need that.
Yes.
Not if bob has anything to say about it.
[Appropriate](https://youtu.be/yg2BcOEMWcY)
The only time it annoys me is in comp, and even then it's only when you've got a good comp going like 2 DPS, 2 tanks and a healer and then the last guy goes and picks ridiculously.
£15m?! Thats crazy good business if they're getting so much for him.
To be fair, yeah, we did get £15m for Jordan Ibe ¯\\_ (ツ) _/¯
Wait.. Why did he leave Nice??
Who's gonna bang them then?
That's some Football Manager type knockback that. When you look at your budget after you offer £25m for someone and they come back wanting £60m and you're like "nah mate".
What've you been smoking over there mate?
/u/adelefb123
RIP my accumulator.
RIP my accumulator.
And my teammates in Plat like to transcendence when our Reinhardt is low on health at the front line.
Plus, Morata is coming on usually when the game is won and the other team doesn't really care as much anymore.
Our team is a fucking disgrace. Livermore? Rashford on the wing? What the flying fuck, do we really not have another CM to pick from? You have Sterling on the bench. Rashford ain't a winger.
Our team is a fucking disgrace. Livermore? Rashford on the wing? What the flying fuck, do we really not have another CM to pick from? You have Sterling on the bench. Rashford ain't a winger.
Lallana has played CM for Liverpool very effectively.
Only while you had Zlatan, once he was out he went up top didn't he?
Arsenal fans even think it's his best position.
51 YEARS OF HURT NEVER STOPPED ME DREAMING
He'll make your ankle hurt.
I heard seasono.
Sweet, now I know who will knock us out.
"Man give it up, you were getting stomped anyway."
Yeah it happened to me with a friend yesterday on Numbani, I was dead next to the point in overtime and from my perspective I could see the payload from the side, my friend flew in as D.Va and ulted, I assumed it was because of the split second she breaks from mech the game probably doesn't count anyone as being there at all.
It's like he was refreshing the chain waiting to woosh someone for karma and thought "fuck it, i'm going in anyway".
Think it was the other way around. 1-4 Old Trafford, 4-0 Real, 5-0 Villa.
Looking through our fixtures it doesn't show the scheduling date for the Champions League final lads, these must be wrong.
I remember when £20m got you Fernando Torres. Good times.
Should have facetimed him in bed and took him out for a bevvy like Klopp.
So was Torres. Jesus. Where'd the time go.
That's a whole new world mate.
I hope so.
What did Delph do again? Something about saying he was definitely not joining then left anyway?
What does green hilling a feature mean?
Da Rock
Strong meta picks pretty much guaranteed to be on your team, letting you play pretty much whatever you want make your blood boil?
Yeah, it's very much above average, but top level is 4k+.
But not every hero is targeted as much as Mercy is, you're required to be doing three things at once at all times: Healing/Damage boosting someone Checking the rest of your team Watching out for the enemy flankers that are constantly on your back
They are not consistently targeted as much as Mercy. You rarely see the Pharah targeting the Zen or the Ana if there is a Mercy on the team. She is #1 priority over any other healer or character on the team.
Yeah, right below "kill the fucking Mercy".
Killing a road or rein 1v1 as Mercy is an insta teabag from me. Rein is pretty easy as long as he's used his charge before you engage.
No.
Can't wait to sell you Solanke for £90m in 5 years.
Literally all the fucking time. Cutting to someone sat on the bench or the manager while you can hear the game going on is fucking infuriating. I still remember them almost missing Cesc's goal vs Spurs from kickoff a few years back because they were still fucking around from the first goal.
Barca paid us this much for Suarez at a similar age.
Liverpool is fucking awesome. To be honest, Manchester is amazing too. Both massive cities with fuck loads to do and see, I don't get the hype surrounding London, those two are more than good enough.
Mate central Manchester is sound. Was there yesterday at Fazenda is Spinningfields, was a top day even with the meat sweats.
Only if you stop at Snakes Pass Inn. Sometimes you can spot Di Maria.
Yeah but it was 2 years ago, it's like £100m today for Suarez.
Benoit Assout-Ekotto was a good example. He literally didn't know who they were playing sometimes when he travelled to games. He didn't play football after clocking off from training at 1pm, he didn't have anyone from the team in his phone apart from Taraabt who he knew from Lens. He didn't even know Suarez bit Ivanovic when asked about it in an interview.
00:01 karma race is on boys.
:(
CASH IT IN! CASH IT IN! CASH IT IN! CASH IT IN! CASH IT IN! *Cone continues to hold the briefcase, looking dumbfounded*
But you need to play football to get good at it, so if you didn't enjoy it why did you play in the first place? It's weird, but I respect how honest he was about it to be fair.
Not all teams have one, like us for example. Would we be made to fit one? I know it wouldn't be the most expensive thing but still.
