At some point with the level of product placement we have been seeing... its 24/7
We still could have a Stanis battle...
You mean a timer that tells me I have to go x amount faster! Glorious idea!!
I have just mapped the yellows in my head on my route home. there are the turn outs for the turn lanes and they have these long solid white lines. Generally my rule of thumb is that if I am next to that line I can make the yellow since that is what the road designers decided was enough room to move out of traffic and safely stop for a light. Now sometimes you will get the stupid long turn lanes for lights that are high traffic but the majority of the time this works for me.
If done right this can cut congestion, if done poorly it causes it. If you are at a 4 way stop and 2 cars are traveling in opposing directions and can clear the intersection during the same period of time this allows twice the traffic flow.
Normal day.
Prices fall, company cuts budgets because you can never show a loss, building falls into disrepair, no one rents anymore, goes bankrupt, all housing lost.
IMHO, a soldier is whatever, a veteran is a hero. Once you have made the decision to put you're life on the line to fight as my proxy I owe you a debt I cannot repay. I don't care if you are as the person below a cook or in front line infantry, you have put yourself in harms way for me and our country.
Honestly, the only thing that could make a crypto currency worth anything is some sort of tracking and accountability system. Yeah anonymity is great for drugs and hookers but for a stable system that can be trusted it needs a paper trail, especially on the internet. I don't have the money to risk some new hack that takes all of my bitcoins.
My first seizure cat!
I can only imagine what happens when the cat stops running with that much inertia on the wheel with that little friction...
Or blow part of a babys chest off... not that anyone has tested that... oh wait...
Yay! Lets keep F1 using crap technology and nearly no suspension as we wouldn't want any real relevant tech to be designed.
What if we build a 56 rail wide slab of tracks and have bumper to bumper train cars...
That video demonstrates why open carry should be practiced more often. Every single one of those officers should be absolutely ashamed.
Yep as an atheist I know the feels. As a man with many religious family members though, those words are comfort and easily forgotten.
As an atheist I like to think of it this way. I never know someone in real time, everything is on a slight delay and my feelings for them are just memories. Memories are just electrical and chemical pulses that move between the wiring of a brain. I know when I die my electrical pathways die with me but as long as I am remembered I am still triggering neural pathways in another brain. I am imprinted on the brain of another and because of that I am as alive as I ever was but just not creating any new pathways. Death is not to be feared, to be forgotten is scary.
The only practical wheelie is a ever so slight power wheelie in first racing from a dig, past that keep 2 down on tha ground.
Plenty of new tech, they have to design shocks and springs that have much more travel than they currently do since the tire sidewall isn't much of the the suspension anymore. This means figuring out how to jam that into a very small space. Then they have wheel tech, they have to figure out the lightest and strongest way to make the wheels since larger rims are generally a little heavier. The brake tech changes also, they can have more variation in rotor design, cooling, and operating temp. It all combines into a massive change for every team and a new category of engineering competition.
And I think you have no clue what goes into suspension geometry and design and how much more dynamic the suspension will have to be if they move from the 13 inch wheel. Right now the majority of the suspension is in the tire. The move to 18s takes all of that away.
http://i.imgur.com/YwgbT16.gif
Would be bad for me... Worked out well for my wife.
From east texas, may be able to shed some light. Looked like he was throwing another bit of pipe onto the end of the drill. He first removes the piece that connects to the drive side of the drill, this is what he puts over to the right. He then latches onto a new section of drill pipe and screws it onto the end of the pipe in the ground. Now they push that pipe down and put the drive connection back on and they can drill another 10 foot or so section. (Not a roughneck, not sure of any of the terminology)
Do you want to kill the last good paying jobs for the uneducated masses... cause that's how you start the beginning of the end.
Pretty sure they fail a lot. From east Texas... brother in law is a roughneck/oil field trash, does lots of meth, lost his 3 sons... Every time he comes home he gets clean... every time he goes back to the field he gets back on the shit... Until that one time he brought some back and now I have a meth addicted sister in law.
So if we had a sailor sub ohming a flavor like a subway sandwich while listening to yellow submarine which is subliminally sublime... you would have... A sub ohm sub sailor sub ohming sub sammich while sailing subliminally into the sublime submarine songs
Clean efficient nuclear energy!
Look, at least I'm not FIFA...
That is a ridiculous article... it uses the value of your vehicle in the equation... The average adult would have their car even if they worked from home 100% of the time. Also every mile is 795 dollars a year... not 15900, the 795 dollars is just the interest on 15900 not the principal.
That's just like your opinion man... I dunno someone told me to post this here, I made this for /r/electronic_cigarettes
No, TIL that to run a business doing hair braiding you needed a license and training and a certificate saying you were licensed... But now NO MORE! *waits for someone with a bad braid to have some sort of legal issue*
Im okay with them paying for other peoples hospital visits... when they pay for mine. Single payer system or bust!
Dude... im from Texas and this seems fucked up........ Texas....
Got that backwards, multi log is you are sorta playing one then the other. Multibox is you have everything synchronized perfectly and macroed so that all of your toons are playing at 100%
http://viz.dwrl.utexas.edu/sites/viz.dwrl.utexas.edu/files/tower1_0.png This one wins.
I just did this. Unless you are willing to spend hours in the attic pulling cables hire someone. It is a massive PITA and if you mess up you can only blame yourself. I ran 1 cable and called an electrician. A few notes, always run more cables than you will need. If you think you need 2 drops for a room run 4 even if you don't patch them in. Cable is cheap. Also buy more than 1 spindle if possible. Pulling 2-4 runs at a time is easier than 1 run at a time.
O_o Raid 10 gives a 100% speed boost over a single spindle with 4 drives. So 4 SSDs would be a 2X read/write increase roughly.
9 VMs running off of it could use it depending on demand. I use 2 SSDs in a RAID 0 for the OS/games (backed up) partion on my desktop and enjoy the 1GB/s Read. a RAID 1 would also be a suitable option for redundancy.
You need a fuel filter.
We found the person who doesn't clean up after their dog...
It gets me when I go some place that isn't the grocery store. I buy a bunch of crap and they are like... oops no bags... damn you frys and your million tiny deals.
I still get my plastic bag fix in Round Rock.
You do understand that is in whole impossible right? Stock price has no effect on a company other than psychological and by influencing decisions based on the CEO/board's ownership stake. If you own X shares of a company and it still has assets... your shares are never worthless... At worst you own X percent of the assets of the company after debt. For the entire market to go bust you would have to have EVERY company listed hit 0 which means its debt is worth more than its assets.
Because humans aren't meant to be as "productive" as we are. Our productivity is killing us.
We found the person who gets angry about jokes...
Massive gyroscopic forces from the wheels probably helped a lot.
This is /meme... no one goes to /meme...
Make all the PU's cost the same. Unlimited development. All development must be passed to any customer teams immediately. Bam done. Costs are now fixed so if merc wants to throw a bill at the engine they can but they aren't going to get to anything more than a better engine.
Tires are also about the same weight as standard ones and those are the furthest from the center so have the most gyroscopic effect.
Maybe it's grouping people that donated 1000 and 500000 in the same bucket. So on one side you have 0 dollars and the other you have 1-infinite dollars.
RAIDing consumer drives doesn't show a speed increase in client applications. This is not a client box this is a server with potential for high I/O requirements.
i TAUGHT i SAW A PUTY TAT. Bam, no one can say he didn't think he saw a cat... It would basically take a full on confession to get more than a manslaughter charge on that dude... or at least it should.
Texas has a straight 10% rule. Though a cop could always ticket you for something else.
He didn't make a great case for himself, how he handled himself after the crash was probably why he got convicted. Showing no remorse for the death of 2 people is pretty effed up. Past that, for him to get hit with first degree murder is pretty insane. First degree generally requires premeditation but the extreme indifference qualifier seems a tad insane and something any decent lawyer should be able to mitigate with a cooperative client and a plea bargain at the least. At most this guy should have gotten 2nd degree murder with a "in the heat of the moment" qualifier to drop it to a 3rd degree felony. Manslaughter or Vehicular Homicide are more appropriate. The DA threw the book at this guy and his lawyer was too shitty to correct the situation and the guy also dug his own fucking grave.
Aye, he opened his mouth... You never open your mouth.
They somehow got the 1st degree to stick based off a law designed to prosecute premeditated intent to harm anyone. E.g shooting a gun into a crowd with no intent to murder a specific person.
Simple drug test is a game over.
More like. My name is potato and I potato potato potato
The VRTX is a good box but doesn't scale well past 4 blades. There is a box called the FX2S that may be a viable option. Also if you want massive scale-ability for the future you should quote an M1000e.
He is getting paid so its a ProLapse.
Yep can already see the plants dying and the ground look like its dry as shit... Its like a picture representing why my electric bill is through the roof.
I always wanted to do a vertical mount for a rack server with the butt of the server sticking up so that the intake got cool air and exhausted it up.
I remember my epic run away. I packed up some snacks and a few juice boxes. I took my traveling companion, a little green lizard I had caught in a mason jar and went and made a base camp just on the outside of the bushes in my yard. I think I lasted 30 mins and then wanted air conditioning again.
"Awww, thank you" is the appropriate response, or "aren't you sweet"... If you don't like the person complementing you then say whatever though.
For any reasonable parent, that also spanks their child, a 3 year olds tantrum is in no way punishable by a spanking. Jesus, you people seem to think that if you spank your kid that is the go to first line of punishment when in reality it should be your last recourse. Spanking is for repeat and grievous infractions only. A child crying is natural and part of a child's development. Most of the time it is to simply be ignored to show the child that it has no effect. Spanking should never be done in haste or anger. If you cannot control yourself with a child you have issues that go far beyond being a parent. My parents spanked me, it was probably the only punishment they could give me that mattered to me. My parents did spanking in a way that was appropriate, metered and effective. I was sent to my room for my parents to have a moment to calm down, you should never spank when you are angry and never show that anger in the spanking. The waiting for the spanking was 10X worse than the spanking itself. Knowing it was coming and being unable to stop it was the worst part. My father would normally be charged with the spanking duty. He would sit me down and talk with me about what happened and what I had done and why I was being punished. I ofcourse tried to blubber my way out of it but he knew if I talked my way out of the punishment it would be a worthless lesson. He would give me my pops and then it was over. I would be angry and in a huff and he would leave so I could calm down. Once I wasn't as angry any more my parents would both give me a hug/kiss and tell me they still loved me. This is how spanking should happen. This is a foundation for a system of punishment that is not abusive but is definitively effective. There is no need to beat your child or abuse them.
Servers are mounted horizontally in generally 42U+ rack. They have a cold side and hot side cooling system though. I do servers for a living :). My idea is for vertical mounting where instead of a hot or cold side you have cool air on the bottom and it sucks it up through the chassis and blows it up, it is also assisted by thermodynamics of hot air rising.
/u/JeSuisUnAnanasYo's picture is of a skull cap not a half face. Half face helmets cover most of what a full face does but with no chin bar. They are better than nothing but I wouldn't feel safe with one.
UNLESS EVERYONE IS A DOMAIN ADMIN DUMB DUMB DUMB!!!!
At the point you can be put in a cage I think most of you're rights have been revoked.
Triranatops-rex
Could you imagine the frustration of getting on the "toll lane" and then being stuck behind a bus...
What is ruined can never ruin.
Have you seen what happened to that woman from some spilled coffee? http://www.vanosteen.com/news/images/mcdonalds-coffee-lawsuit.jpg
They are whatever the fuck everyone calls them.
Working the phone is not the issue, its the pocket size.
I wear baggy pants, its not that it doesn't fit, it just isn't comfortable.
Cargo pants are so out.
It can be crammed into a pocket but is uncomfortable for sitting.
WTB Steve Jobs back...
Always wait till the last day!
This is a badly used meme... you should feel bad.
Just 4 broken legs...
So much work for a worthless ego clearomizer.
Build one around a subtank nano http://www.myvaporstore.com/Kangertech-Subtank-Nano-3ml-Tank-p/krstn-k.htm
Meh at this point its kinda whatever, he doesn't have to run a sub ohn coil in it and it gives options for the future.
The bigger drivers probably have to be nearly malnourished on race weekends.
Yep, too long of a fuse, I throw 30 second timers at deer... very explosive.
Sorry, that is totally wrong. Look at the new macbook... its a tablet with a keyboard for more than a grand... Its a glorified netbook of the past.
&gt;iTunes Enough said...
Follow the kernel revisions. Vista was 6 Windows 7 was 6.1 - 6+1=7 Windows 8 was 6.2 - 6+2=8 Windows 8.1 was 6.3 - Fuck 8.1 Windows 10 is 6.4. - 6+4=10
Seems like they did after the initial release... fuck it... its called windows 10 don't ask questions... *lights hair on fire and runs out screaming*
She will just fall asleep every time she hears it...
Gotta use a clicker on these types.
1 toe please.
Many companies have it, most don't use it. There are really only 2 options. 1. Stop letting companies use hundreds of thousands of IPv4 addresses for private computers and do an audit of the address space. or 2. Stop routing IPv4 though someone like Level 3. As we have seen with windows XP... a corporation will do a hell of a lot to not change shit.
Good server, stock it with at least 2x 8GB of RAM. 1 small SSD to boot and grab 2x 1TB drives in a RAID 1 for storage.
We really wouldn't know till a full audit is done. They were so careless with the original ipv4 addresses that no one even knows where most are assigned to or if the company they are assigned to is even in business anymore.
http://www.networkworld.com/article/2228854/microsoft-subnet/microsoft-pays-nortel--7-5-million-for-ipv4-addresses.html 700K addresses right there. Every major tech company owns a huge swath of ipv4 and most assign them to their workstations.
dell 2800 series switches may fit your need.
The massive demand is only because of companies assigning ip addresses out to client boxes or management interfaces or a million other things that don't need it all because they refuse to deploy NAT for the local network.
Yep, and I can wipe my ass with 100 dollar bills but I could put them to better use
Rule restrict the ability for you to work on it except every other weekend and a few weeks durring the winter.
Probably just the same guy did the burn in test.
By H2S Filled space, he means his wife farted and held his head under the covers.
700 people knowingly endangered their lives and lost the dice roll... How do you pity those people?
The peeping toms will be the next state over...
Sorry, there are 7 billion people on this earth... I can only care about so many and low on that list is people who kill themselves.
Well they did have a new package on Fernando's car... but it got crashed out early.
Remember these things don't have a normal valve train... the valve train in a normal ICE takes up to 25% of the power of the engine to drive.
I HAVE A 6000 HP HONDA!!! (do I get upvotes now?) Anyway, 40% may be possible in a normal ICE... at a perfectly tuned RPM... with something like a Miller cycle engine with an electric turbo...
Metric system... 800C is hot as shit...
Got any of them 8gb ECC udimms...
Atkins cycle engines (Miller cycle without superchargers) are in most hybrids. And the Mazda Millenia had a Miller cycle engine. Now who's talkin out his ass?
Im already married... but I like cake... can I get in on this cake thing?
They have already beaten Mclaren in a few races... :(
*sniffles* I miss my favorite doctor...
2x R210IIs or 1x R510
meh who needs response time, just have them all talk to eachother.
Think about that for a second. There is absolutely no way you could have the charging board connected ONLY to the batteries and not have it also connected to the chip. It all creates one circuit.
You are wrong! There is a risk of a hard ground if he doesn't perfectly touch the positive pin on that carto. If you look at the threads on that 510 you will see that the positive pin is not sticking out so he has to guide the button top inside the threaded ground section. This is a baaaad idea.
They have to be doing a multi elimination where the 3rd 4th and 5th 6th are decided
It is the same as removing the clitoral hood, that is it... no burning or cutting of the actual clitoris.
ARIN was stupid in the beginning. Now these companies own the space and it is a big asset.
Ehh, whoever was handing them out at the time. Lots of companies have huge blocks.
Well if they can sell it, they own it... And as IPv6 comes alive (if ever) then yeah there will be a devaluation, but until that day the price of an IPv4 address space does nothing but grow.
Give actual statistics, going from 1mbps to 3mbps is tripled but its still not much... In this case it went from a min of 15 to a max of 49 Gbps... in the scale of actual traffic... that is nothing... zilch...
Wouldn't any rifle be an assault rifle at that point? "Bob, could this rifle be used to assault someone?" "Why yes, yes it could." https://i.ytimg.com/vi/rKs9IUtu-Ws/maxresdefault.jpg http://accurateshooter.net/Blog/mossberg2202.jpg These 2 guns are practically identical, do you know the difference? Does one just look scary to you and one look like grampa's hunting rifle? Both can kill just the same. This retardedness about "Assault" rifles needs to fucking end.
It's on his back... Not a very strong tactical position. I would prefer to see it over his shoulder pointing up but meh.
Do you know what would happen if someone tried to do that? Most people can't shoot for shit with a hand gun (even cops), past that compensating for recoil and knowing when to fire a second time to keep accuracy is nearly impossible. You are watching a video of one of the best shots in the world. You would drop the gun after 3 shots like that and probably have fucked up your thumb.
Aye, over the shoulder is far less tactical though, he can swing muzzle down into a firing position where over the shoulder has to be dismounted and then prepared for fire. Also it stops people from taking pictures of you sweeping small children with the barrel.
Ignorance is no excuse to attempt to remove a constitutional right.
I am a proud gun owner... They sit in my closet, with no bolts installed and no ammo in the house. Why should I lose my right to have them. No one is being hurt by these 2nd amendment protests. Charge the idiots with whatever they did and leave the legal ones alone.
Learn what words mean before you use them.
I use trip b to show how many miles I have driven. I had 47K on trip b when I traded in my 2012 mustang.
&gt; Sorry you still deny the reality of the situation but if a rifle can kill 20 kids and 6 adults in 2 minutes, that's called an assault rifle. Maybe not 20 years ago but today it is and forever in the future. Definitions change, bro ;-) Cool, I just bought an assault car, I can put my assault pistol and assault baseball bat inside of it.
Are you just that dumb? Do you have no comprehension of the words I write? He doesn't need a god damn tactical position. He literally has it in one of the worst positions to be used. My comment that you so idiotically read over was commenting on that and not that he needed any sort of tactical position and that pointing it over his shoulder would be the only way to make it even more inert.
Anyone carrying a weapon has a "tactical position", even if the weapon is neutralized. If you have a knife in your pocket or a gun on your hip you have a "tactical position". He currently has the gun in a position that is nearly useless without large, slow and deliberate movements. The only position worse than what it is in now would be with the muzzle over the shoulder as it would require an even longer process.
Nope, I was saying it is in a very non tactical position where it is, it could be in a even less tactical position if it was muzzle up. My god please take some reading comprehension classes.
I would rather replace a RWD than a FWD every damn day. Fuck half shafts.
That one drank the purple kool aid.
Lots of room for a procharger!
&gt;&gt;I told my wife someone in a Mopar was going Nowar (she laughed I don't care if you do or not.) She didn't... we still love you Wwhizard
I don't see the problem...
At 70 going forward the tire could have blown the front of the fender off and the wind did the peeling back. I would say pre-existing damage as far as the side scrape unless a piece of the fender or tire ran down the side.
Do you own the building? Do you plan to take your racks with you if you leave that building? If you rent, patch to the wall for the sake of the next admin that comes in. It isn't as pretty but a hell of a lot easier on you and the next guy when it comes time to move.
Ahh, I thought something looked off there but as I am not sure what that is on it could have been bolted from the other side or something.
Sometimes "grenaded" is far to accurate...
38 vanes, sadly it would make a bad clock.
The problem with that analogy is that I don't need to spend 10k to watch tv, I have to spend 600 to play a rift game, so while the studio still makes money while the 10k tv sits on the shelf, the game devs don't, so why waste time/money on it.
\ / 0
He drove. Only 3 engineers died during testing.
I wonder what the Power to Weight comparison is here... detuned F1 engine and chassis vs Gymkhana car.
Cause it breaking isn't normally a big deal, R&amp;R it when it breaks.
"Black male with gun reported south of town running through the woods"
Why go vrtx... The M1000e replacement is soon to come out but even if you just went with the M1000e... 8-32 blades, equallogic storage, 10-40GB networking... you're a billionaire come on!
It probably doesn't have what you are allergic to in it. Get some and put a dab on your hand and see if you have a reaction, if not put some inside your elbow on the skin and see if you have a reaction, then taste a bit and see if you have a reaction. Always have some epinephrine handy.
LT DAN YOU AINT GOT NO LEGS!
Dunno how well sdram works in a skylake mobo.
RemindMe! 2 days Donation for /r/millionairemakers
Sorry, your an idiot, to move out of a r101s aim you need to move a few inches, to move out of a smart pistols aim you have to move a few feet. Not to mention it requires less coordination to follow the target and move. It also kills grunts and specters almost immediately. In the end the SP is out of balance especially in attrition which is the only playable game mode.
When I use my blinker You other Jackasses speed up Fuck you. Im coming in
He drove it like that after yall opened it up!?
The SSD has no affect on how fast the POST process is...
HDD's spin up as power is applied to the rest of the computer. POST only needs the info from their firmware on flash off the controller. This adds no delay.
A bit loose too, my friend was able to access her if you know what I mean.
16-17 Misdemeanor no registry 13-15 Class C or below Felony possible registry 00-12 Registry and Class A felony Bam, solved it.
Any way to set up a truely dedicated server?
Really depends on how hard it is to take the subframe out. If it's less than an hour then that is awesome since you can basically fix anything super easy.
That was a helmet? I just thought he was horribly disfigured and said fuck safety.
Relatively new car Drum brakes One of these doesn't make sense...
Wow, I have been out of the mechanic scene too long, I thought they were all dead... Fucking disc brakes...
So when I deal with my VAR I put him to work doing the research and shit I don't have time to do. Finding and getting a comparison of encryption software was my latest one. He then fought with Sophos to get me the best pricing (or so he says). He also helped coordinate support when shit went wrong with the deployment and helped to get everything straight. He is also a single point of contact that adds ease of use for issues like returning products.
Don't try this with the new ones... they are a lot faster...
Depending on the year... a 2006 M3 has 333HP... that isn't TOOO slow... A 2008 has 414HP
Gearing means next to nothing from a roll.
Yeah I am serious. Once you are off the line you have options of gearing inside the transmission. While someone with say 4.10's is in 3rd gear you can be in 2nd with 3.55's and have a better gear ratio than they do. Gearing means next to nothing after the dig. The only other point it causes problems is in a true quarter mile where a 4.10 can cause you to shift a 4th time going through the trap.
This depends a ton on distance raced and how fast you plan on going. Lets say you are racing to 120 MPH over unknown distance starting at a 35mph roll. You both have 2016 manual mustang GT's. You have the stock 3.31 gears and he bought the new ford racing 4.10's. The engine redlines at ~6800 RPM The race starts like this. You - 1st gear at 5272 RPM Him - 2nd gear at 4339 RPM You are in your power band and he is at the start of his. You run up 1st gear, and shift at 45 leading him since he is accelerating in 2nd with a 9.96:1 ratio compared to your 12.10:1 ratio As you shift he pulls you in due to your car having only 8.04:1 vs his now 9.96:1 ratio. You run to the top of your 2nd gear at 68MPH and he has to shift to 3rd at 55MPH, now you gaining on him as he is at the disadvantage in gearing. This flip flop keeps happening every shift because the gear ratios keep changing in each others favor. The car with the 3.31's will probably win in the end as it finishes to 120mph in 4th while the car with the 4.10s has to shift to 5th after 101MPH.
Perfect 00001010
And their pony tail.
You COULD have a set of 4 bars that come up like a # when the rocket gets over the target and have them close the gap to the exterior as soon as it lands. You could even reinforce those areas of the rocket to allow for a slight sideways clamping force. Put some sort of impact foam on the bars to protect them and then you can probably hold onto the stage safely.
I feel that is just as much a lie...
Nah, modern cars can crash at such speeds that it just breaks your neck. Plenty of people have died of internal decapitation.
I can't say for sure... but I don't think the cam shaft goes there.
He looks so satisfied with himself in the 2nd shot.
A reasonable pace is very subjective. There are 85mph roads now...
Every time... I knew there was going to be some reason this adorable dog was going to die... Damnit Reddit!
F1 V8-12 still sounds better but those things are crazzzzy. If he would have just run it instead of bouncing it off the redline like crazy it would have sounded better.
Wait till the house settles the wrong way.
The cubes have gaps, the fucking pizza sauce has gaps, the banana needs to be trimmed, the wave is off center, the cables are zip tied and one of them is sticking out weird and the pasta hits the cutting arm before being cut... are you trying to kill me OP.
Windows defender is a antivirus, it runs just like microsoft security essentials used to.
Any anti virus that charges end users is a piece of crap IMHO. The reason most companies have free anti-virus software is because it lets them see new code before the competition and block it on their enterprise software. This is why defender/MSE is free, Microsoft uses the data and makes Endpoint better.
That is what I said.
Yep, most businesses pay for the anti virus, that is why I said they have a free client version and then a paid enterprise version (enterprise= business)
It should turn itself back on automatically.
Clearly he didnt kill the guy... poor form.
We started out friends
Thats standard smoke, he needs metric smoke.
I was sad I knew what was coming...
To be fair... even I take 3 tries to plug in a USB once in a while...
Well there is term and whole... One expires the other does not.
