you get more shards for doing electric one.
Will it fill the crater so people stop bitching about it?
You have to press enter twice for reddit to recognize a new paragraph.
Not only is it already a joke to level, that is a horrible argument. Quality of life changes are good to attravt newer players.
U wish you could shitpost on this level
Then you are arrogant about it also because to people not already maxed it is a giant accomplishment
So when he gets #1, everyone will know about it then? His aim style is very distinct, he won't hide if he plans on being competitive again. Doesn't seem very believable, imo.
I'd say kuu01 if anybody.
oh ok you're not being serious and are trolling for downvotes, gotcha
account trading is a thing that happens, so that doesn't mean anything.
not really even reading your posts anymore br0
so mad lol
Who is the dead T3 god next to Saradomin? Never seen that name before
what the fuck are these sliders
&gt;Undead Corporation YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAS BRB edit: first try rip https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XgRlQKKrC-A&amp;feature=youtu.be
nah im just slow as shit, anyone who is capable of streaming 224 wouldnt have any issue
overmapping doesnt mean its mapped to be hard, so those people are stupid.
Not sure if seri.... Ohhhhhhhhhhhh
My first thought was Seinfeld, but Friends is perfect too.
Honest question, but as I assume you are a vegan by choice, would something like the OP really bother you that much? It seems like such a tiny thing to me, but I'm also not vegan.
I guess that makes more sense, but I feel like it was still alright. We killed the faceless ones because they're faceless ones, so thats obvious, but even others like Hagara kinda fit in, since shes in the tower, should could just collapse it while we fought or something I guess?
Read their username friend
How is it. A meme comment dumbass
Maybe its been a long ass time. Dont remember lol
The combo is slightly different for each person, the 3rd rune i think.
Did you even read the article? The second paragraph mentions the 5th.
some people really need a good kick in the balls to stop being such immature cunts
Calm down dumbass LOL
Don't knock what works.
Except this is actually what is supposed to be done.
Just means hes hard on himself. Like me, only he actually has them :(
Wasnt c score like 99.18 acc? This is pretty close to that.
Ya too bad complaining wont make it stop :(
Ah
It can just become a valid alternative pronunciation due to apparently a large amount of people using it. Languages change.
So how exactly did he cheat in this one? Relax hack or something?
Pm goulet or god of pride and ask them for an invite.
I don't get it.
"Art"
Has to be some glitch
No, you fuck off with your shit. Not everybody has seen everything you cunt.
This isn't /r/funny nigger.
Peppy didnt say "do this and get unbanned". He said "do this and i will personally review your case", meaning you will have a chance.
Hefin course every time there's a vos
Is tuska wp (75) better than T50 power armor? Assuming boots/chest/legs, for general slayer. (Ironman lols)
Because somewhere along the line it got warped into just meaning "play at disadvantage always"
why is 10.3 on there but not 9.67 ???
No he's not, and if you think he is, you're one of the retards.
Yesssss &lt;3 if you haven't seen it before you gotta watch IOSYS - Usatei 2011 on youtube.
Even if this was a raid, rules 1&amp;2 faggot
Yes.
Yeah, he is clearly from Robonia.
Which is how it will be, is it not? In any case, 120 will likely be far less than 104m like other skills are since they said the exp curve will be different.
Until they get another place to go.
Yeah that's what i said..
You can't avoid getting hit, you will still take damage. He just doesn't spec you. My tips are to turn off auto retal, turn off ability queuing, and to use thr priority of: wild magic &gt; combust &gt; dragon breath &gt; sonic blast &gt; chain &gt; tuskas wrath. Pray mage and augury if you dont have SS.
debatable. cookiezi was incredible but we shouldn't pretend like people aren't going to get better than he was as time goes on.
xilver is cool guy but why are we supposed to care about his name changes
Suddenly Dende!
Actually quite a few notable scientists have said time travel is impossible. Of course they could be wrong though.
Eh, not everybody would have seen it otherwise.
That was how many years ago? And there wasn't really ever a need for it to begin with. It should be different if they implement it now.
Lol no. It may be bad but that is a gross overreaction.
A bot performs multistep complex actions. An autoclicker just clicks. Reread my post. They are *similar*. But not the same.
which I can do, but that acc is stupid. I'm talking about the slider+stream fuckery that happens twice, at the beginning and then end. i just stream through it and fc, as long as you follow it right it works but lower acc
Ironman
You can't compare this game with tf2 so extensively. Tf2 has been out for what, 10 years? Overwatch isn't even in beta yet.
What is that and why should i care
You're fucking retarded
How many stabs was this, and how many do you need for all titles?
Go ahead and add me ingame, (soulg senpai) 2160ish total on my ironman. I dont know much about f2p but i can help you out when you upgrade to members :)
Been suggested before, still support
Wtf is this item even
But that would work out for the company wouldn't it? They'd get far more than the cost of the treatment.
I don't mean that they did it, sorry my wording was a bit off. But we know about it, and have the means to stop it right now to get a jump start on fixing it, but they just outright refuse to accept that they are causing problems.
No idea who that is. But, with a name like that, I already know he's not kind to black people.
Confirmed, I can do it too.
A permanent buff that nearly anyone could get, if anything it would give more incentive to do some quests. I don't see a problem with it.
So he was on the opposing side? If so, that guy can fuck off.
Not really, because all girls are different.
Add me in game if you wanna chat, dont have anything specific to add off what others have said though. Ign: soulg senpai
eh, not really. they could easily do it, but they didn't on the good plays. everything that nero did after the star is what should be impressive.
Any kind of perfect ___ is impossible for society.
Yeah that was my thought. How the fuck would i notice this?
This is a joke right
or just press "L" (assuming you havent binded over it)
I think he meant tumblr* There is very little outright misogyny outside of places designed for it, I've noticed, and especially little here on AskReddit.. And it's not like I don't pay attention.
Spoiler: not all feminists are the same.
&gt; If you have a problem with the fact that I'm not speeding enough, which prevents you from being even more reckless than me, tough shit. i love you right now
"I can't refute that statement so I'll just vaguely insult him"
The drivers were absolutely worse in Europe when I was there. Please take your shitty assumptions elsewhere.
You should be an adult and realize that just because you think something is good doesn't mean they will. And for the record i do support this change.
I agree. But the people like the one I responded to really aren't helping anyone.
Which keeps the blood shards valuable, but the only good drop from rune dragons works the same way.
They could at least allow ironman accounts to do this.
Makes sense, support
Why? It is a legitimate account system in the game. That's like saying osrs shouldn't get updates.
makes sense since her last account had nothing in the name that implied it was Jenny. I mean, this one doesn't either, but way more than broetchan or whatever it was
how is someone "forced" to cursor dance? that defeats the definition of it
That man is the kind of person I want to be.
I assumed the giant had dentures, or something.
i drag so no
Pussy is a powerful tool to control broken men.
Kudos, lot of those stupid women around here. I would have been way less tactful but I don't think my current boss would even fire me over it.
Well, as an ironman, I would have to make 900 flatpacks first. Pretty sure that would take a few hours, not even counting cutting logs.
All women are different.
+1
No, i was saying your argument is flawed. I want to be rewarded for doing work. I cant just buy a bunch of flatpacks, therefore, a reward for doing it would be nice. I can however think of one reason why this is a bad thing to give to ironman only, and its a big one, that i didnt think about until after my original post.
Dont even care. Its fucking retarded and 90% of the people here are complete entitled children.
I think it drops more often on hard mode? But dont quote me on that.
Some guy got two of them within 20 kills
Well obviously everyone is different, but I've broken 2k plays in a single day. Dont force yourself to play more than you find enjoyable.
It could also be a foreign celebrity. As an american 99% of the british posts about their celebrities fly right over my head.
Supposedly kuradal tells him that he should be the one assigning her tasks. 99 slayer master inc?!
With magic or praying to the empty lord zaros, how else? Also Tenryuu is best girl
Basically just open the doors around thr starter room, then reset.
Guy murders girlfriend while shes naked in her apartment, posts picture to 4chan, runs, womans kid comes and finds body, calls police, guy geys caught. He also said to 4chan that he'd suicide by police if they caught him but he chickened out.
Because it is wasting space on the front page. If you actually want to see 5 posts about elyaoru then you need mental help
Yeah thats more or less what I figured. I might mage them once i get attuned crystal otherwise looks like I'll block. Thanks :)
ok; it's fucking stupid and pointless and nobody cares
implying people dont blindly upvote anything having to do with top 50 players
Too busy looking at the mermaid up front.
English is clearly not his first language
never heard that word before ever
Wait, really? Why didn't I know about that?
Chiming in to say wildstar failed because it was released before it was ready, not because it was too hard.
why block elves? lol
QoL updates aren't going to be useful to 100% of players.
I'm sure they will fix it.
Some games absolutely do take physical endurance, though most do not. Top level SC2 does, as it is a very high rate of keypresses over dozens of minutes with no breaks. Not the hardest thing, but it will tire you out if you do it long enough. I agree with your other points though.
Damn, for some reason that just feels crazy to me.
A lot of the people "confirming it" are friends with him on skype and would have been in contact with him this whole time. also, this: http://ask.fm/OSUKamui/answer/127965219933 That's why I mentioned the aim, it could be from lack of practice.
yeah it'ls possible but then that begs the question, why? he never did it before
See my other post about his friends that would have been talking to him who say that it wasnt that good. I don't think its him, but of course i have no way to know for sure. And no, the playing is absolutely not enough proof, people can hack on stream.
Elysion already asked. But yes, *don't donate*.
It has always been fine as long as it wasn't used to be a retard.
Fanboys
Hey, you mean there is actual variety instead of cookiezi every post?
because im being rational which isn't fun
the point you
it means it went over your head
Im insulted you think i care about the opinions of you mindless fucks
is that why nothing else he is saying makes any sense?
why do i even try arguing with you people im sorry for being reasonable and going HEY NOW HE IS ACTING WEIRD IT MIGHT NOT BE HIM GUIZ i wish it wasnt so all of you dumbfucks wasted the money you threw at him (if the link worked for that, didn't really look into any of this)
stop proving me right then, subreddit
the irony being you are ignoring my counter argument to all of those arguments, which would require paying attention to them.
beast map, yes pls
So like... legacy only but also ironman? You'd be completely unable to do bosses, otherwise i guess it would work.
Yep
You're the first person I've seen say that celestials arent efficient. Not saying you're wrong about it, just commenting.
It comes down to whether you want speed or cost effectiveness. Armor will be likely be faster, but blacksmith cheaper. Though you can just do an hour test to see which gives more xp
As a fellow delivery driver, if you aren't tipping him in gold you're doing it wrong.
because other things in rs are much harder right
Best weapon was always tradeable, except the long time where it wasn't.
when was chaotic rapier tradeable
it took me 7 months to appeal when i was banned you're either stupid or ignorant
It wasn't really anything special, he just said it instead of beating around the bush, talking about ways to lower racism.
&gt; no one would really be surprised i'm sorry but I chuckled at this. half of the entire community would have basically found out that their life was a lie.
this please. i like seeing them as much as the next person but not when it is literally the only content.
i don't specifically believe it isn't him, but I don't believe it is him. probably won't make any sense but basically can just say im 50/50... but the fact is that he has yet to give ACTUAL PROOF. and no, gameplay with no webcam is not proof and never will be.
I usually FC that stream, but I was hyperventilating after the jumps lmao
yo man mute your mic if you're gonna record a replay haha
eh, maybe a little bit.
What the fuck does ableist even mean. Are they trying to say that they are offending by the other person ha ing a boyfriend?
Ye fucked that stream hard lol
He said he would review the case. Where the fuck did you get the idea that peppy was trading the video for the unban?
Im in bed and comfy. Its dimension tripper mapped by silynn
No, people are just living through his success because they don't have anything of their own to contribute.
You're a fucking retard
Welcome to osugame lol
When someone else says something rational its ok, but not when i do. This place is great.
Well, I'm pretty glad that he has a cam and proved it's him, but at all the downs kids on osugame? Nah, just feel sorry for them (you).
The entire point was that there was no cam. He has one now.
im not mad though, he's just a fucking retard. you've never said that calmly?
Wow, I'm not sure if you're actually that ignorant or purposefully ignoring everything just to have a response. But yeah, I'm done with you too so hf sucking his dick.
Levelling is really shitty, but the server is basically 99% functional. And it is almost undoubtedly him, clearly. It would be some kind of master troll for it to end up being a fake. EDIT: im on horde if you do get it.
i'm 99% sure index could match that score.
that list isn't even full updated. i see a couple scores that hvick beat.
nifty
what the actual fuck are you even on about?
yeah, if he tried hard enough. he couldn't do it as easily as c but i think he can do it.
No, no I fucking don't understand any part of your previous comment because not only is it factually wrong, but it shows an enormous bias towards players you like, as opposed to the rules of the game that makes the comments on this subreddit such a glorious cancer pit. &gt;When it's Cookiezi, peppy takes action in an instance. But when it's Reimu, peppy doesn't give a fuck. Cookiezi is literally the most popular and famous player to ever play osu, and likely will remain that into the future. Peppy had to have known about it nearly instantly, and thus wanted to get whatever it is he wanted to say out because obviously people are going to spam him with stupid shit. Not only that, but the only way your sentence would have made the slightest bit of sense is if Cookiezi was *immediately* unbanned. He's still stuck in appeal hell right now, and speaking of which, let's talk about that. Appealing in osu is not fast for anybody (ignoring shit like adamqs because i don't know what happened). It took me seven fucking months to get unbanned, and I only cheated a few random scores with nothing after the fact. I waited patiently, appealed correctly, waited *more*, and got given my second (and final) chance. This is the story for 99% of banned players, why should these two be given any special treatment, especially with how much of a clusterfuck they caused? Reimu is still banned. Not becasue peppy is a dick, not because of any other bullshit you want to spew becaSUe "I REALLY LIKE REIMU SO HE SHOULD BE UNBANNED", but becasue both players **royally** *fucked up their whole shit*. First of all, they cheated to get banned, which is incredibly childish and stupid. Second of all, they multi'd after the fact (Reimu and his buddy Shizuru famously did it without even trying to hide it, showing even more of their immaturity, and C had Burstlimit, and possibly others that weren't made public). So, they have a shit ton to make up for. Reimu clearly is apologetic and is willing to work to get it back, thus his videos that apparently humiliated him, for some stupid ass reason, but just like EVERY OTHER PLAYER, he has to WAIT for a decision. As far as anybody knows, Cookiezi just appeared and emailed support saying "yo bitches i want back". That would never work. I'm tired of typing. [tl;dr](http://i.imgur.com/qquz5PL.png)
&gt;I doubt he was spammed with stupid shit See the people that spammed him on twitter begging him to unban reimu, and then insulting him when he said no. &gt;No it does make sense because it's the opposite, peppy was trying to make up more reasons to keep him banned. LOL &gt;They cheated on purpose because Peppy refused to ban/delete their accounts by request, one of them (Cookeizi) got mad about that and started sending harsh emails. Does that make it right in your insane backwards world? As for the second part; let's say you have a job. You quit that job, and then bombard the boss of said job with "harsh e-mails". Then you later decide you want to work there again. What would happen? &gt;Please don't write so retarded. And peppy is actually a dick if he ignores him completely, not because he's following his policy. "i can't counter this point at all, let's just call peppy a dick" &gt;Niko got an instant "No unban for you, because you multi'd". He waited less than one hours. Compare that to 7 months :') ya that's true, too bad im not on support and can't say anything about it. Oh, hey! Neither are you, for all we know he could have had a support ticket open awaiting an unban, and then that reply came after he multi'd. &gt;Source? No. It was on mentioned on reddit either yesterday or the day before that cookiezi sent very rude emails to support, so I am extrapolating a propable occurence because everybody should know by now that C is very arrogant. Meh indeed
I won't even try to argue anymore. All you care about is that you hate peppy, and while I hate him too, at least I'm not going to let it control my judgement. Also: &gt;since I haven't reached your level of autism Best way to get anybody to completely disregard everything you say. Well, in real life anyway, not on reddit where the loudest person is the most correct, regardless of how stupid they are.
*tin foil hat*
I dunno, I always feel like I'll be able to convince them how stupid they sound to everyone else, but it's obviously never gonna happen.
not even slightly comparable maps.
same reason they got banned
Going to guess its something you would know if you heard it.
But reimu is speshul!1
It is, dummy.
The sad thing is i cant tell if the first sentence is sarcasm or not.
Hey cool, that thing i've been saying for a few days.
map pls
thx, and guess i didnt notice it :l
This subreddit will promptly forget in a few days.
&gt;osugame Yep
I love being right Cya on the bottom
Ppv2 is really bad in this regard. Plenty of hard maps nobody gives a shit about because low pp
&gt;this map is autistic "I cant read it, therefore it sucks"
