There are deloads, where you reduce intensity for a while (eg, 60% for a week) and then go back to where you were before. This is useful to allow more complete recovery without detraining. Then there are resets, where you reduce your working weight (eg, -10%) and re-progress from there. This is useful for getting through plateaus. You're trying to use a reset where you'd usually use a deload. If you need a deload week, take one. Likewise, if you want to use smaller increments, do that. Or if you've milked all you can from a linear progression, switch to something else. But one of the best ways to cheat yourself out of progress is to deliberately avoid it. Don't reset just because it's difficult; it's supposed to be difficult. The thing about linear progression in the novice phase is that the brain lies to you: the point when you start thinking "no way can I keep adding weight every session like this" is long before you *actually* can't do it. Also, missing reps is fine. The program is designed to allow that to happen. Practice failing safely for bench/squat if you don't already know how.
&gt;Your arm muscles are exerting a (roughly) downwards acting force aren't they? No. Put a bar on your back, and step on a scale. Note the reading. Now pull on the bar as hard as you like. See if the scale reading changes. Technically yes, the hands are exerting a downward force *on the bar*. But we don't care about the bar, we care about the combined bar-and-lifter system. By Newton's Third Law, the bar is exerting an exactly equal upward force on your hands, so the net force on the bar-lifter system is zero. Simultaneously, there is a normal (contact) force from your back onto the bar, which prevents the bar from accelerating downward as your hands pull on it. The contact force from the bar onto your back prevents you from being accelerated upwards as the bar pulls on your hands. These forces again cancel out for a net force of zero on the system. It's the same reason you can't levitate by pulling on your own bootstraps. Forces internal to a system never generate net force on the system, because this would violate Newton's Third Law and also the conservation of momentum.
Yes. Muscle gain/loss has a lot more fiddly bits than total weight gain/loss, so it's harder to make absolute statements of the form "Eat/do X and your muscle mass will change by amount Y", but protein intake along with resistance training will favorably affect the ratio of muscle to fat gained or lost.
Retaining your strength while losing weight and not lifting is definitely decent. After four months of not lifting, you haven't been stuck at this weight for months, you've been *not lifting* for months and are lucky to not be starting from scratch. But if you can bench 115 for 8 reps, there's just no way you can't get a single rep at 120. When would you usually decide to add weight?
Or just plain peanut butter eaten with a spoon. The effort-to-calorie ratio is hard to beat.
It's not the same exercise. A trap bar deadlift is a different movement, and uses muscles differently, as the article you linked describes. Also, plenty of gyms just plain don't have specialty bars. And if you want to avoid bloody shins, long socks are a hell of a lot cheaper than a trap bar.
There's no trick. You just have to get leaner. There might also be an expectation problem, here. [This guy](http://images.sodahead.com/polls/004041743/34475830_getting_a_6_pack_abs_xlarge.jpeg) is pretty frequently cited as a goal physique. If he were just a bit less lean, that Adonis belt would look like love handles, even though most of the bulge comes from muscles, not fat. As long as your handles are getting less grabbable over time, you're doing OK. For most guys, they're one of the last things to go.
Getting stronger helps you get bigger, too. Yeah, high-rep bodybuilding stuff is great for hypertrophy, but 20 reps at 135 isn't going to do you as much good as 20 reps at 315.
This is in some cases possible, but generally not reproducible, and almost never worth trying for specifically. You can lose five pounds in maybe a month. Trying to recomp five pounds could have you spinning your wheels for a year *and maybe not even succeeding*. It's fat. You want it gone. Your scale weight is meaningless; who gives a shit if it decreases when you lean down?
&gt;Should I just focus on ONLY eating until I get more mass (around 22 lb heavier) or just eat while also regularly lifting? Lift. Gaining weight without lifting will be mostly fat. In general, you should never stop lifting unless you are literally unable to (eg, sick or injured). &gt;Is 2300 calories a day a good goal or should it be lower/higher? Doesn't really matter. Try it for a few weeks, see what happens, and adjust from there. &gt;Protein powder or weight/mass gainer - or do I not need it yet? They're just food. If you want a drinkable source of protein or calories, use them. They're never *necessary*, but sometimes useful. &gt;Any tips for trying to eat more than you can as a skinny person? Calorie-dense foods. Liquid calories. /r/gainit has lots of good recipes for gainer shakes. &gt;Is it better to work on one body part per day (30-40 mins on arms) or multiple per day (10mins Shoulder, 10 Chest, 10 Arms, 10 Legs)? Follow a real program. Some good ones are in the wiki. Beginners are generally not qualified to design their own.
I'd wondered why I couldn't find potassium supplements in useful doses. Great post.
Yeah, just like you're destroying your joints when you lift. The difference is, a few hours per week of stress on the joints is recoverable; perpetual stress is just detrimental.
Be warned that, with belts, you get what you pay for. A $20 belt will fall apart sooner or later. A real quality (leather, thick, non-tapered) belt is more like $80-120, but is durable enough that you can leave it to your grandson in the will. I can't personally attest to the quality of Rogue belts, but they look like they should be good. I have an Inzer, and it's great. I've also heard good things about BestBelts and EliteFTS. If you want a belt *now* and only have $20, I see lots of people with Valeos, so they must be decent.
This is [not true](http://www.strengtheory.com/the-belt-bible/). Belt use makes you stronger in both the short and long term.
Yes, I picked that because it was the most optimistic possible setting. "Average genetics" has you at 153. "Hardgainer" estimates 142. Are you putting in the wrong height or something? 5'5" is 65 inches.
Yeah, I would not want to try it for the first time while in the dark. Unrelatedly, definitely do practice "failing" on purpose with light weights sometime before you actually need it. Being stuck in the hole with an attempted max on your back is not the time to figure it out either.
http://www.reddit.com/r/Fitness/wiki/getting_started#wiki_adding_exercise
A whey protein shake, with carrot sticks on the side. Liquid calories are, IMX, pretty low in satiety. (There's a reason we always recommend them to the skinny guys who can't eat enough.) But if she's set on that, you could try adding psyllium husk.
The common beginner progression is to add five pounds every workout. It doesn't really matter what progression scheme you use, as long as you have one and it isn't insanely slow.
/r/leangains is more in love with meal plans and exact macro counts than any other community I've seen. They still do consistency, they just treat workout days and rest days differently, which is at least sort of justifiable. By comparison, there's no clear reason to eat differently on weekdays and weekends.
RDV for sodium is what, 2500mg? Yes, some seasonings have a lot, but not so much they're unusable in moderation, and other seasonings don't have that problem anyway. Just be careful not to use more than 833 servings of that curry powder, and he'll be fine.
1. No, it means 90% of your 5RM. Volume day sets are not supposed to be max-effort, or else you'd never get through five sets across. Even at 90% they're pretty brutal; you might want to start with 85% and adjust from there. 2. Yes. Recovery day is lighter, because it's a recovery day. 3. Up to you. If you're interested in powerlifting, you should probably not alternate, because bench is a competition lift and press isn't. If you're training for general strength, alternating is fine.
"Hip drive" is a cue Rippetoe seems to love, but it never did anything useful for me. Don't stress over it.
Protein shits are hard to miss.
If you do anything that involves grip strength, you're training forearms, which is how all those people got them by just "training seriously". I agree that most people don't need isolation work for it.
I do specific forearm training to strengthen my grip. But I'm drawing a distinction here between "exercises that involve the forearms" and "exercises that are specifically intended to hit the forearms and nothing else". Every program should include the former; not everyone needs the latter. Likewise on isolation work for rear delts, obliques, calves, biceps, quads, or any other single muscle group.
Generally, your pump today will be your normal in a few months, assuming decent progress. You'll never be permanently pumped, though. Trying to look like your pump is kind of chasing a carrot on a stick.
Depending on your lifts so far, you might just not need very much core activation yet. But when you have twice your bodyweight on your back, your core is active. Also, belt use makes a big difference. My abs got sore just from squatting and deadlifting when I started using a belt (and no, it wasn't just bruising from belt itself).
If I suddenly sprout a lei, it's definitely time to stop bulking.
&gt;So why would legs bulk and arms not? Your arms are lifting 60 lbs, your legs are lifting 245.
I wouldn't usually classify protein bars as a supplement. If it has significant calorie content, it's food. If it doesn't, it's a supplement.
If you haven't lifted in a few weeks, some detraining is expected. This is why programs use deload weeks to deal with fatigue, instead of just taking the week off.
Whether a given amount of work is overtraining depends on your work capacity. If you feel constantly fatigued, or if your progress is stagnating, you might be overtraining. You can also just try cutting back for a week or two and see if you do better that way.
I did Stronglifts for about 6 months before going on to intermediate programming. The last couple months of that involved a great deal of deloading and very little progress, which was what prompted me to switch. My OHP was the first to stall, since I missed a rep on the very first day at 45 pounds (mostly due to taking very short rest periods; forcing myself to wait at least 90 seconds between sets was very helpful at the time). It was also the first exercise to require a deload, at I think 70 pounds, and had a very undulating progression afterward, gaining 5-10 more pounds before deloading and working back up to a new max. My squat required a deload at 145 due to form issues, and again somewhere around 185, and then I deloaded several times at 215. I didn't get past 215 until moving to a different program. I don't recall details on the other lifts, but they mostly followed a similar pattern to the squat: a couple of deloads with significant progress in between, and then an eventual plateau. I'm 5'9" and started Stronglifts at 188 pounds, cut down to 170, and then bulked a little from there.
Looking big is about leanness at least as much as size. A lot of the really ripped guys you see in photos are actually pretty normal or even small when you put them next to another person, but their muscles stand out so much more that they appear larger. In any case, anything happening over the course of a single month is not a major change, so there's not much to explain. And strength can increase without necessarily changing size.
There's not really any special trick. More volume, heavier weight, and patience.
I'm a 24 member. When I got a new card, I forgot to update the auto-payments with the new number, and found out only when I went to the gym and couldn't check in due to a lapsed membership. So an invalid card is definitely sufficient to end your membership payments. I don't know exactly how it relates to the contract, but I find it hard to imagine they could do anything if your card expires and you stop going. The only possible recourse would be to send a collection agency after you, and I don't know how they would justify doing that, since you don't actually owe them any money.
Some kind of row or pulling movement(s), to help balance out all that pressing. I'm pretty skeptical about whether tacking 18 extra work sets onto the end of every workout is a good idea.
1 km in 5 minutes is 12 km in 60 minutes.
With those numbers, intermediate programming is probably appropriate. For a 3-day program, I'd recommend Texas Method, although there are plenty of other good ones as well.
For a novice or early intermediate, 5/3/1 progresses very slowly and has low frequency on the main lifts. This will be even more true if you're only running it 3 days per week instead of 4. It's possible to modify the program to work around these things, but this can be said of any program.
No. Unless you are recovering from some kind of injury, it is pretty much never useful to stop lifting. For weight loss, optimizing your diet will have much greater returns than optimizing your workout.
That's reasonable, yes. The general formula is: enough protein (according to whichever rule of thumb you like), 20-30% of calories from fats, and everything else carbs. If by "clean bulk" you mean you want to minimize fat gain, calorie intake is more important than macro ratios. A 1000-calorie surplus is going to put on a significant fraction as fat, no matter what macros you use to get there. A good target is usually 2-4 pounds per month, which is a daily surplus of 250-500 calories. At age 16 and as a beginner(?) you might get away with something more aggressive, but YMMV.
Whether you exercise or not is *critically important*. If you don't lift, bulking is useless. And up to a point, the harder you work, the better. This doesn't necessarily mean you should mess with a routine that's been working for 6 months, but a calorie deficit is a recovery deficit, so you might find that you have the ability to do a lot more now than you did while losing weight. Work hard, don't get sloppy, and trust the process. Good luck.
Unless you're very skinny, getting better curves will probably have more to do with building the underlying muscles than just packing on fat. Fat just sits there inertly, muscle has shape and contour. This is why even fitness models who are very lean still have thighs and backsides that look very feminine, while overweight butts tend to be droopy and flat.
Also, you can't burn off just the fat you don't want. Spot reduction is a myth, because again, there's nothing you can do to determine where fat gets stored on your body.
Protein powder is just a kind of food. It's not particularly special in any way, other than being especially high in protein, and it is hardly unique in this either. When someone tells you that protein powder is evil/useless/critically important/etc, think about how you'd regard someone saying the same thing about bread. If it sounds stupid or alarmist, it probably is.
There is AFAIK no decent belt that does both. Spend your money on a real belt; holding dumbbells between your feet is free. If you can do dips or pullups with enough weight that becomes impractical, buy a few feet of chain and a carabiner from a hardware store, and that's your dip belt.
You're probably much stronger and/or much lighter than your friends, then. Cheating on depth or clearance can artificially inflate your rep count, but not by that much.
A leg *press* is not at all the same as a leg *extension* machine.
Some advise against training to failure, and there's merit in that, but failure isn't *so* terrible that you should pathologically avoid it. If you never fail a rep, you're probably not training hard enough. You can't push your limits without touching them.
We can accurately measure body fat. Autopsies allow very high precision. To be slightly less snarky, DEXA and underwater weighing are quite accurate. The problem is that there's no accurate *and easy* way to measure body fat, and this is completely unsurprising, since a reliable measurement requires *actually measuring* something, which means you have to somehow examine the composition of the entire body, not just take a skinfold test at three locations.
Diet soda is fine. Aspartame is one of the most-studied substances on the planet; if it were poisonous, we'd have noticed by now. But getting most of your fluid intake from diet soda is pathological. Aspartame isn't poison, but it does have some effect on insulin; soda is also not great for teeth. I used to tell myself I had a sweet tooth, too. It was an excuse. Drink more water, you'll save money.
You're confused because you have the wrong idea of what bulking and cutting do. You should lose little or no strength while cutting; frequently you will even gain strength, just more slowly. If you track your [Wilks score](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wilks_Coefficient), you should find that it increases due to your dropping bodyweight, even if your lifts regress a little. If your Wilks is decreasing, you're cutting wrong. The other thing is that you should be spending WAY less than half of your time cutting. In a year, you don't spend 6 months bulking and 6 months cutting. You can cut fat faster than you can build muscle, and only some of the weight you gain while bulking needs to be cut, since you obviously don't want to cut away the muscle mass you've gained. If you bulk for 10 months (gaining 20 pounds), you can cut for 2 months (losing 10 pounds) and be right back at your starting level of body fat, except with +10 pounds of muscle. So you can have 10 months of training with the full benefit of a calorie surplus (plus maybe some progress during your cut) if you bulk and cut, or 12 months at maintenance if you don't. Eating a lot is *really really important* for adding strength and size, so bulking is usually the better plan.
If you consider it a main lift, program it like a main lift. There's nothing special about bench press that makes it benefit from percentage-based rep schemes more than a row would.
Without more info, it's hard to give any advice more specific than "eat less and be patient".
http://www.davidhorne-gripmaster.com/basics.html
DOMS is mostly a response to *new* stimulus, so keep working your calves regularly and this shouldn't happen again. For the same reason, when you do something new, don't do a ton of it the first time, and the DOMS won't be so bad. For now: stretch, foam roll or get somebody to rub them for you, maybe try ice or heat. Do some very light calf work to get blood pumping; this is counterintuitive but usually helps.
With that much strength loss, I'd be very surprised if it isn't mostly mental. Losing strength while cutting is common, but 40% is insane. Alternately, bench usually benefits from high volume and frequency, but during a cut you might just be benching too much. If you're constantly fatigued, that would definitely impact strength. If this is the problem, reducing volume/frequency should improve things within a week or two.
"Lift with your legs, not with your back" has always been the five-second version for people who don't know how to lift things. Bending at the *waist* is not and has never been a problem. It's bending of the *spine* that is bad, but the average member of modern society has no idea how to hinge at the hip without lumbar flexion. You have back muscles specifically for holding the spine in place under load. Using them isn't a bad thing, and doing exercises that strengthen them will make your back bulletproof, instead of always needing to protect your back by "lifting with your legs".
There's not much to say about lifting for tall people. Some exercises will be moderately harder or easier depending on proportions, but this doesn't really change anything about how you should exercise.
Romaleo sizing is supposed to be similar to other Nike shoe sizing. Go to a shoe store and try on some sneakers.
Depends on a lot of things. But generally, if everything is in order, at least half of the weight gained will be muscle, and sometimes more.
They... aren't? A decent fraction of big progress posts are skinny kids. But I mean, there is an obesity epidemic. Overweight people just plain outnumber underweight people.
Figure out the thing that keeps you from working out, and fix that thing. Ran out of clean workout clothes? Buy more, and do laundry more consistently. Didn't eat well? Keep something in the pantry that makes a good pre-workout snack. Gym too far away? Sign up at a closer one. Etc. "I don't have enough willpower" is not a reason; you shouldn't *need* willpower to get through your everyday routine.
It probably won't make much difference either way. If it feels good, do it.
Arm-over-arm sled pulls, hand bike, battle ropes, kettlebell swings, maybe bag work.
There's no particular place I would insist this has to happen, or even that you necessarily have to *replace* rather than just adding more pulls. But three bench variants plus flies, on the same day you're already benching, is probably unnecessary.
High-bar position, plus heeled shoes and good ankle mobility to allow lots of forward knee travel.
In my experience, January is still pretty manageable and most of the whining is hyperbole, especially at off-peak hours.
If, for example, you think you can set a record in the open category. I actually don't know if the younger age categories even have that option, but masters athletes definitely do.
About as hard as tearing any other muscle, except with biceps you can reduce the risk further (on deadlifts) by keeping your arms locked, which is proper technique anyway. Or by not using mixed grip, and unless you compete in powerlifting there is little reason to use mixed grip when injury is a concern.
Yes.
This, although ankle mobility isn't only about bone structure, and can usually be improved by working on it.
&gt;Are there any problems I'll run into by increasing the weights on my benchpress to be more than what I lift doing squats or deadlift? No, not at all. The problem, to the extent there is one, is not that your bench press is *too strong*. It's that your squat and deadlift are almost certainly weak. This isn't a huge problem, but it's worth trying to figure out what's holding them back, and then addressing that.
You could literally double your squat and still not be "too far". Don't stress over it.
You're almost definitely doing something wrong, just in that almost all beginners are doing something wrong. And if you're deadlifting bodyweight, it's unlikely that muscular strength per se is the limiting factor. More likely, you simply aren't very good at deadlifts. This is a totally fixable problem. Form checks are a good place to start, but it's also hard to develop good technique when you're only getting five reps every other session. I've found that even unloaded [hip hinge practice](http://startingstrongman.com/2015/12/22/fixing-your-deadlift-its-all-in-the-hips/) is useful.
Leaning it against a dumbbell on the floor usually works, if you can't find a cooperative cameraman.
Yes, but the above advice is still correct.
This time of year, I start to feel tempted to buy gloves just to keep the barbell from sucking all the warmth out of my hands.
It's safe, but tends to be challenging, intestinally speaking. IMO, easier to skip the loading; creatine doesn't make such a difference that it'll matter if you get the full effect a week sooner.
Yes. Very possible. The simplest plan actually saves money: keep eating all the same foods, just eat less of them.
Olympic weightlifting is all about explosiveness, and the clean-and-jerk includes a deep front squat. Most successful weightlifters still do back squats regularly. That probably says something about their usefulness. For *you personally*, there may not be any benefit that's worth persistent problems. Front squat away.
&gt;Mark Rippetoe and Louie Simmons, two people that have far more experience than any of the redditors downvoting my original post. I'm pretty sure you're getting downvoted for sloppy wording that ventures into the outright false and explicitly contradicts the sources you've named, rather than because you hurt our delicate fee-fees.
5291 ounces.
I'm pretty sure an extra 30 minutes in the gym on one day are not the cause of a 12-day change in appetite.
Do sissy squats for a few months, and no other exercise will ever sound undignified again.
There's nothing wrong with zeroing several events at your first competition. If nothing else, it's a great motivation to keep training and do better at your *second* competition.
Probably not. Pullups are not an exercise with a lot of nuanced technique. The pecs generally do not play a major role, but they are attached to the humerus, which is being brought down in front of your torso. Put one hand on your pec, raise the other arm overhead, and notice the fibers moving. This is the same reason pullovers hit the chest.
That might be a little high, but not dramatically. I'd be surprised by anything under 3000. I'm 28, 5'9", 175lbs, similar workouts, and maintain on about 2600.
Loaded hyperextensions should scare you MORE than good mornings, since they involve deliberate spinal flexion and extension under load. This doesn't make them bad. Everybody gets injured sooner or later. It's just a question of when, and how bad. Have a strong back and use good technique, and that'll be "rarely and not very".
You want your arms vertical, or as close to it as possible if legs are in the way. If your arms aren't vertical, you're unnecessarily forcing yourself to start from a lower (and thus weaker) position. For most people, this will put your index finger somewhere around the inner edge of the knurling.
Yeah, you've got a bit of catback going on. It looks like your lower back isn't flat to start with, which doesn't help. But mostly you need to work on bracing and getting tight before pulling, so that your torso doesn't collapse forward under load. [This video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bv6dJK11zNQ) is a decent place to start.
In a sumo deadlift, the hands are between the legs, rather than vice versa. This obviously requires a wider stance, and changes some other things about the lift technique-wise.
Somewhat, yes.
A front raise.
AMRAP was my ally, but it has forsaken me! Bench went from 175x8 to 185x4, deadlift from 330x8 to 347x4. Projected maxes now make me sad.
&gt; I would guess this works by the food you eat on a cut - let's say 1,500 calories - going to muscle production, while the fat you have on your body is used as energy. This is definitely not accurate. That would mean gaining ~half a pound of muscle and losing ~half a pound of fat *per day*. Some fraction of the food you eat can be spent on muscle even while losing weight, but it's just that: a fraction. The more untrained you are, the more favorable that fraction will be, but it's never near 100%.
It's "reversing entropy" in the sense that the tower was destroyed by an entropic process, and to get the original structure you need to fairly literally reverse that process. This is a *local* entropy reversal, which is not at all forbidden by the Second Law. Ostensibly, global entropy still increases in the process of computing and then actually repairing the tower.
You're fixating too hard on the specific details of the analogy. Physically scattering the pieces is one kind of entropic damage, but damage caused by temperature and pressure is also entropic even though all the pieces are more-or-less in the same place, and repairing it requires reversing that entropy in some sense. Repairing things *in general* requires "reversing entropy" locally, because there are more ways for a thing to be broken than not.
Big solid quads/thighs are awesome on both men and women. I think the models in your photo look weird and unbalanced, but if that's your aesthetic, you gotta do you. I do think you're underestimating how visible legs are, especially in shorts. I mean, nobody's going to see the entire length of your quad through trunks, but a teardrop peeking out the bottom of a pair of shorts is nice, and even long pants can show off your legs if they're cut right. Stretch jeans or compression pants especially.
You have larger arms and forearms, but not disproportionate. Also, your lats give you a better taper from shoulders to waist. I'd say the model has better back definition, but that might just be lighting.
To make your shoulders wider than your waist, you need wide shoulders, and a narrow waist. Lats are also important for making the taper actually look like a taper.
Yes, calorie restriction will impair the healing process.
If you want something similar to a plank, the simplest substitution is probably to just put your ankles on something slightly elevated.
Nah, that's fine if it fits your schedule. Most programs are written on a 7-day schedule simply because most people want to work out on the same days each week.
I've also experienced metabolic slowing over time in calorie restriction, without rapidly reducing calories or being ultra-lean. But this has been relatively minor (a couple hundred calories over a few months), not a rapid 1000+ drop in my TDEE. I've also noticed the same effect in the other direction; my metabolism noticeably ratchets up after a couple months of bulking. In obese individuals, metabolic slowdown is expected, but not to the point it radically impairs fat loss; surviving famine is what fat storage is for! EDIT: In OP's case I'm pretty sure the issue is mostly double-counting calorie burn from exercise. Note that his estimated TDEE was 3600 (which, given his stats, suggests a "moderately active" multiplier or thereabouts), yet he was also logging calorie burn from his FitBit.
Definitely do more bench; Stronglifts doesn't have enough of it. Don't skip legs, just do more pressing.
There might be rules about blood/open wounds on the platform. For example, the USPA rulebook: &gt;Blood or open wounds are not allowed on a lifter while on the platform. Any injuries must be treated and bandaged prior to a lifter’s attempt. [...] &gt;If a lifter appears on the platform with any blood or open wounds showing it will be their responsibility to correct the problem before being allowed to continue with their lift. The time clock will remain running, and should they be unable to correct the problem before their time runs out they will forfeit the attempt. Whereas the USAPL rulebook makes no mention of blood except this: &gt;To avoid contamination a solution of one part household bleach to 10 parts water is recommended to clean blood or tissue from the bar or platform and in the warm-up area should “accidents” occur. So check the rules for your federation.
142.5/90.5/152.5
Squat, bench, deadlift (because this is the order of the events in competition). Sorry, sometimes I forget that not everyone is intimately familiar with the sport &gt;.&gt;
&gt;I've seen friends my height weigh around 180 and be skinny while also fairly muscular. Yes, the "while also fairly muscular" part is the reason, here. BMI assumes an average (meaning, completely untrained) amount of muscle mass. If you don't lift, ~150 is indeed an appropriate weight for a 5'8" guy. 180-200 is possible without being overfat, but only if those extra 30-50 pounds are muscle mass. Source: was 188 at 5'9", was fat.
Yeah, grip width past a certain point can be an issue with getting it in or out of the rack. It can help to open your hands while walking out or back in, so that your fingers are not in front of the bar and can't be smashed against the uprights.
&gt;They look buff, likely, because of a lack of body fat. Also, because the average person's idea of "buff" is honestly not very buff.
If you're doing a lot of bench and deadlift, you're not exactly neglecting your triceps and back. Add some curls and lateral raises, and you're basically done. You're making this more complicated than it needs to be.
&gt;Just to use this model as an example, I do not know how I would possibly get my fat down to 20% By eating less fat, or eating more total calories. The wiki for example recommends .4-.5g/lb; the lower end of that range would give you 64g/day. Also, 90g/day is over 40% of your current calorie intake, but would be under 30% if you were eating 3000/day. There's nothing magical about a 40/40/20 ratio. 30/40/30 or whatever will serve you perfectly well.
Carbs are fuel for workouts. Glycogen and etc. Calories per gram shouldn't matter here, unless you're stuffing yourself full right before a workout, which sounds unwise.
Might just be technique, rather than a specific lagging muscle. Greg Nuckols had [some ideas](https://www.facebook.com/gregory.nuckols/posts/10153245006543779) for this issue.
Put your phone on the treadmill console, wear headphones.
This is good advice for people with overweight BMI due to extra lean mass. I'm not at all convinced it's good advice for underweight BMI.
It's pretty awesome. &gt;This might sound dumb but do get more aggressive the more you work out due to testosterone? Not really. I've gotten a bump in general confidence and assertiveness, but I'm not sure how much of that I should attribute to generic personal growth, rather than lifting specifically.
For actual leg pressing, I can't see much reason to change it from 90. Other angles might be useful for calf raises or something.
Typically: leg press, chest press, shoulder press, row, deadlift. Or sometimes the machine will just have the same name as the exercise it mimics. I haven't seen many gyms with a deadlift machine, but they do exist (sometimes it's a second, lower pair of handles on the shrug machine). Really, once you figure out how to use a machine at all, it should be very clear whether or not it is similar to a given exercise.
Rant: I'm seriously thinking about just dropping bench from my second upper day, and doing extra dips or something instead. It's been a shitty workout for the last six weeks in a row, for no reason I can discern. My main bench day is fine, it's just the second day where everything hurts and everything is harder than it should be. Maybe I was built backwards, because I can deadlift with volume and frequency no problem, but more than one bench session per week breaks me? I don't even understand.
&gt;I recently read a post that discussed how low reps high weight did not gain as much size as high reps. This is an overstated effect, and its importance is frequently misunderstood. If you're in the gym on a regular basis, doing a large amount of training volume, you're going to see muscle growth. Whether that training volume is produced by sets of 5 or sets of 10 is kind of irrelevant, except in the sense that it's easier to accumulate large amounts of volume with higher rep ranges. The amount of *extra* muscle growth you'd see in the same time frame, by switching from ICF to something else, is somewhere between "nil" and "negligible". Even if you pick a routine with much higher volume (and ICF is already pretty high-volume, compared to other programs a novice might run), you're not going to see a lot of extra benefit, because ICF already puts you pretty far along the diminishing returns curve. The main requirement for muscle growth is years in the gym, not a super-secret special hypertrophy routine.
Incline on the smith machine, or just doing dumbbell incline twice, would be fine if you don't want to bench in the rack. Angle on leg press is irrelevant in terms of exercise selection. Use whatever you have. Different angles on plate-loaded machines change the effective load, that's all. If you don't have a seated calf raise, any other kind of calf raises should be an acceptable substitute.
Who cares? You don't need full-body mobility training. That's useless. If it's not broken, don't fix it. Figure out where you actually need/want more mobility, if anywhere. Target those things specifically.
Maybe? 40 pounds total weight doesn't necessarily mean 40 pounds muscle. But anyway, I'm not saying nobody ever gains 20+, just that it's better to expect average results and be pleasantly surprised by exceptional ones.
&gt;I want to be able to run 10 miles easy and have a 6 pack again. Cool. There's your motivation. If you want to do something, you are *already* motivated. (This is not a trivial step. Lots of people feel like they're *supposed* to want to exercise, so they tell themselves/other people that they want to exercise, but deep down they don't really want to, and will avoid it if possible.) But you're not going to *feel* super duper psyched up and motivated all the time. Nor are you going to feel determined and dedicated. If you need to exercise willpower just to stick to your normal routine, you will fail the first time anything goes wrong or gets in your way. Willpower is what you use to keep going under *exceptional* circumstances; it's not reliable enough to use day-to-day. Instead, what you need is to find a way to do these things you want to do, that *doesn't* usually require willpower or an exceptional level of motivation. For example, say you want to go running in the morning before class, but you always oversleep. Then your problem isn't that you're "too unmotivated" to get up and run, it's that your sleep patterns are messed up. Maybe you just need to go to bed earlier. Find the obstacles that are getting in the way of what you want, and ruthlessly eliminate them. Once the obstacles are gone, the thing you want should be able to happen *without* digging for motivation first.
Sure. If you're keeping track of things, it should be apparent that you're gaining too much fat long before you've put on 30 pounds, and then you can slow down the bulk and/or train harder.
If you have to ask, the answer is no. Overtraining is not subtle. When it happens, you will know.
[This warm-up routine](https://www.youtube.com/watch?x-yt-cl=84411374&amp;v=mSZWSQSSEjE&amp;x-yt-ts=1421828030) is pretty good. Fixing your rack position usually matters more, though.
OP also needs to see a doctor, because the response to any question of "why don't you try harder?" is that he suddenly gets severe pain.
&gt;Should I replicate this workout again this week or should I just do it once a week? There's no useful way to answer this question. Especially without more information. You didn't even say how difficult this workout was for you. You could probably repeat it twice per week, if you wanted. Or you could do a second workout that wasn't EMOM, or EMOM singles instead of doubles, or... If you have no idea what to do for your next workout, you should really get on a program, rather than trying to fly blind.
Lots of people squat with a thumbs-around grip. It can be more secure, and in some cases actually fixes shoulder or elbow pain, especially in combination with wrist wraps.
Yep. I deal with it by eating. Better to have a small snack pre-workout and a larger meal afterward than vice versa, IMO.
Hard to say without seeing a picture. Some people do genetically lack the whatever-they're-called things that separate the abdominal muscles. But if the outer edges of your abs aren't well-defined, you may still be just carrying too much fat. If I flex my abs while sitting down, I can clearly feel the separations with my fingers, even though I'm carrying too much fat to see them. That might help rule something out.
It's like trying to feel a peak in your bicep while your arm is straight. Any muscle is thicker while contracted.
Either way is fine, and there are successful programs using each method. Pick the one you think is most appropriate for your goals, and be consistent about it.
Your "core" is a set of muscles in your abdomen, which form roughly a box. Abdominals at the front, erectors at the back, obliques on the sides, diaphragm at the top, pelvic floor at the bottom. Planks primarily work the abs, although side/reverse planks can be used for other parts of the core.
5/3/1 is a standalone program. It has an ebook and everything. The "Boring But Big Challenge" is a specific 5/3/1 variant posted as an article on T-nation.
It's really, really not an effective template for long-term progress.
There are only three macronutrients: fat, carbohydrates, and protein. Protein is great, but if you aren't doing strength training, you don't need a huge amount of it. So the bulk of your diet SHOULD be fat or carbohydrates; what else would you get your calories from? What fraction of your diet are they currently? What fraction do you think they should be?
No, you're fine. BBB as originally presented in the ebook still has AMRAP on the heaviest set, and doesn't prescribe any specific percentage for the 5x10 sets. Ramp down, ramp up, do 40% across, 70%, whatever you think is appropriate. 50% has since become the "standard" value, so it's what program calculators will spit out. The "BBB 3-Month Challenge" is a very similar but slightly adjusted program, without AMRAP and with specific percentages for the 5x10 sets: 50% the first month, 60% the second, 70% for the third. There's no reason you couldn't mix these approaches, with the ramping intensity of the "Challenge" version and the AMRAP set from the base program. That just isn't the plan in the article.
First, that's not an insane amount of cholesterol. A single egg has, what, 180mg? It's not going to clog your arteries in the couple months it takes to finish the bag. It has more cholesterol than Gold Standard because Gold Standard is not just a whey protein, it is a *whey isolate*, which means minimal cholesterol (and lactose) content. MyProtein also sells isolate; the bag of it in my pantry has 0mg cholesterol and 21g protein per scoop. Edit: grams/milligrams
Yes, and other whey concentrates.
Right, I know. The [Boring But Big 3-Month Challenge](https://www.t-nation.com/workouts/boring-but-big-3-month-challenge) is, as I noted, not quite the same thing as the Boring But Big template originally presented in the ebook.
Sure, probably, if your forearms are very untrained. If you want to *keep* making gains, you'd need some kind of progressive overload. Maybe you could add resistance, and gradually increase sets and reps... oh whoops, we've just reinvented regular grip training.
Depends exactly what "your current lifestyle" entails. As other posters have described, eating exactly the same amount of food that maintains your weight at 200 pounds will eventually put you back at 200 pounds. But neither would you have to maintain an intense diet and exercise regimen forever to keep the weight off. Your current level of activity, and an appropriate-to-your-reduced-weight calorie intake, would maintain your weight indefinitely.
Waking up in the middle of a sleep cycle is much harder than waking up at the end of one. If you just set an alarm for a time you're not used to waking up at, you're very likely to feel groggy, regardless of how many hours it was. Get up at 8am consistently for a couple weeks, and your sleep patterns should adjust until you wake up alert at that time. For me, it's MUCH easier to oversleep all the time if I don't keep a consistent schedule.
&gt;As a former fat person, how do you feel confident eating above a deficit? Oh, I don't. Shit, are you kidding? It's terrifying. Bulking is a test of self-confidence, in much the same way that cutting is a test of willpower. But I will say that it gets much easier after your first successful bulk. It's one thing to know that *in theory* you can cut away the fat later; it's another to have *been through it* and seen the whole process pay off.
&gt;so if my recommended caloric intake is 2000 a day and I'm trying to make gains so I'm eating 2500 a day.....does that mean i have to eat 2500 + 1,331.32 to make up for my resting energy? No. Any recommended calorie intake will already include what you burn by being alive. Well, unless your doctor thinks you're a zombie...
ctrl-f "chicken" highlighting match 1 of 677: Asian-Style Chicken Wings Seriously, you want a database, not a table. Trust me.
I wonder about this, too. If you wanted to add something to the power lifts to make the list more "complete", an upper body pull seems like the obvious choice, not a second pressing movement. I'd probably nominate pullups before rows, but yeah. I think one factor is that the standing press has a lot of history. Bench became known as THE test of upper-body strength only after the rise of powerlifting as a sport. The press used to be an Olympic lift, and has always been appealing by nature, because everyone understands that putting something heavy over your head is a display of strength.
Work abs and arms a lot, chest some, lats not very much. Carry a decent amount of mass while reasonably lean. There's nothing fancy going on here.
&gt;In short, you need more reps for muscle breakdown? No, one rep creates muscle breakdown. It just doesn't create very much of it. Twenty to fifty total reps in a workout is a reasonable place to start. &gt;So if we're talking about efficiency in terms of time spent, do we have a reliable source showing us how to induce max muscle breakdown? Just asking in case something like that exists... The entire field of exercise science?
I don't know of any existing program templates that do this, but it is a thing you can do. If you go from squatting 315 5x5 with 5-minute rests, and progress that until you're doing it with 2-minute rests, you could probably jump straight to 335 with 5-minute rests again and repeat the cycle. You can also just pick a target rest period and consider that part of your program. So if you only have time for 2 minutes between sets, throw out the "rest as long as you need" advice, and consider "2 minutes of rest" a requirement just like you treat "5 reps".
In terms of exercise selection, that should be fine. If you're unhappy with your upper back progress, and you're already hitting the basics (which you are), you're probably not missing some magic bullet exercise. More likely, you literally just need more work - more sets, more reps, more weight, and more time.
&gt;It's natural, but much like testosterone, when you're getting it from an external source the body tends to stop producing it naturally. Yes, this is true for any hormone (and some other things, like creatine IIRC). The problem is not that natural production depresses while supplementing - that's harmless and expected, unless your body is somehow unable to regulate its own hormone levels. The problem is when the drugs actually damage your endocrine system, so that production *stays* depressed even after you stop taking it. Otherwise, production quickly returns to normal. Testosterone creates such problems; melatonin does not. And if you have a sleeping disorder that can be effectively treated with melatonin supplementation, trying to preserve your natural melatonin production is not exactly helpful. If your natural production worked right, you wouldn't *have* a sleeping disorder! Doctors don't prescribe regular melatonin [for reasons that have little to do with its efficacy](http://slatestarcodex.com/2014/06/15/fish-now-by-prescription/) and a lot to do with flaws in US patent and liability law. You should still see a doctor first, just on general principles. But a lot of criticism of melatonin specifically seems to stem from lumping it into the same category as "sleeping pills", and melatonin isn't sleeping pills.
I wear 9.5 chucks, 10.5 Romaleos. I could maybe fit into a 10 Romaleo, but with the straps they're plenty snug anyway. I also wear a 10.5 in regular Nike sneakers, so the sizing there seems pretty close to the Romaleos.
Ask local lifters for a reference to a doctor or PT who doesn't suck at dealing with athletes. Then, go see that doctor.
I have toe room.
A moderate amount, but less than my Chucks. For what it matters, I have wide feet, so that's always the limiting factor for my shoe size.
There are like two people in your "universal standards" that have physiques I think are worth aspiring to. So, maybe these people just have different goals and aesthetic preferences than you? I mean, since when the hell did having huge thighs destroy a woman's femininity?
ICF calls for five sets across, which means all at the same weight. In your example, that's five sets at 250. Warm-up sets are not work sets.
The very easy method is to stop taking them for, say, a month - and see if his memory, willpower, pain tolerance, recovery time, etc actually do change. This is a good idea for supplements in general, since even the uncontroversially beneficial ones can vary widely in individual response. Unfortunately, it's easier to do this *for yourself* than to get somebody else to do it. It's hard enough to be honest with yourself, but being honest with someone else when it means losing face is even harder.
Sure, something like that.
&gt;or if bad bench form can indeed lead to your ribcage being compressed. If you literally drop a bar on your ribcage, sure. Otherwise, no.
Then find something to keep you busy.
Let me tell you a secret: exercise selection doesn't matter very much. I mean, sure, you need to select effective exercises. But one person tells you hanging leg raises, another tells you cable crunches, this guy swears by ab wheel rollouts, and that guy says he just did planks! Who's right? Well, they're all right. All of those exercises are effective ways to train your abs, and there are many others too. You're not missing the magic bullet exercise that will finally Give You Abs. You just need any reasonably effective exercise, progressive overload, and time.
Every other day is fine. Sets of 30-50 are rarely useful. Training only your arms and chest is a bad idea, and tends to produce poor posture and joint issues.
How the hell are we supposed to tell if your plan is too much for you, just by looking at your plan on paper??? If you think you're doing too much volume, there is an extremely straightforward way to check: try less volume. Say, reduce volume by 25% for two months. Do you feel better, are you making more progress? Then you were doing too much. If things don't improve, it wasn't too much.
Ask your friend why 100 air squats *would* build muscle. If you can do something a hundred times in a row, strength is clearly not the limiting factor. Thus, significant muscle growth is an unlikely response to the training stimulus.
Sure, that's fine. &gt;I don't know what is wrong with my body, but my training weight for squat is 255 for 5x5 and my bench press is still at 145 lb lol. That's normal. It would be weird if you DIDN'T squat significantly more than you bench.
Stronglifts is one of several programs usually described as "linear progression", because yeah, you add weight every workout. With stalls and deloads, this isn't truly linear-in-the-mathematical-sense over the long term. But it's useful to have a phrase for "holds sets, reps, and exercise selection constant; the only thing that changes between workouts is the weight on the bar, which increments every time you complete all your reps".
Accessories and isolation can be helpful for getting stronger. For that matter, sheer size is helpful for getting stronger. You don't need to shy away from these things just because your goal is strength. That said, I doubt you will become disproportionate just by not doing curls. You've already got bicep work from pulldowns, chinups, and rows.
&gt;The deloads are sometimes because of lack of progress and lately mostly because I feel like my form needs work. So, your bench hasn't increased in two months because you've deliberately held it back, and even reduced it. Try not doing that. If you think you need better form, practice form, but not at the expense of your work sets.
How fast would you like to gain muscle? A pound per month is 36 pounds in three years. That's a huge transformation, and in terms of athletic development, a pretty short amount of time. Perhaps the supplement you need a dose of is patience?
No, BCAAs are very important. Complete protein sources like meat, eggs, milk, etc are all excellent and economical ways to get your BCAAs. BCAA *supplements*, which contain BCAAs *and nothing else*, are in most cases just a money sink.
Sounds like your back was simply fatigued, maybe with a lower back pump on top of it (which is a weird feeling). After eleven sets (fifteen sets? Are you doing 1x5 or 5x5 on deadlifts?) that all load the spine in some way, this isn't totally surprising. Since it went away on its own in a short period of time, it's almost certainly nothing to worry about.
&gt;The link above should help you decide whether or not Crossfit should be done... by anyone. It didn't.
You may not notice anything on *any* day. When I stop taking creatine, I don't *feel* any different, I just lose a couple reps off of AMRAP sets.
This is the most perfectly clear-cut example of "haters gonna hate" that I have ever seen. You are criticizing people for doing something *correctly* because *you* don't know what it it is. The only thing here worthy of derision is your own willful ignorance. Look, I don't do Crossfit. I have never done Crossfit, I have no interest in it, I don't personally know anyone who does it. I have no horse in this race. But I know enough about strongman to recognize a continental clean when I see one. Do you? Do you even know what an axle is? Have you ever actually touched an axle, never mind attempted to clean it with significant weight? This technique exists for a reason. I watched the first half of this video, waiting for anything objectionable. I saw a bunch of people struggling with heavy weights. Some of them failed, some did not. As far as I could tell, nobody did anything dangerous or glaringly stupid, which is more than I can say about this thread. The blind equivocation between Crossfit, weightlifting, and strongman is just icing on the cake.
This might be a very basic question, but Google didn't turn up anything useful, so I'm asking you. What do you mean by "overworld/underworld"? From your example, I gather that the "underworld" is whatever the protagonist travels through during the story?
&gt;If going to failure is key, "If [false statement], then [any statement]" is always valid as a conditional, but does not imply the truth of its consequent. Going to failure may or may not be useful, depending on a bunch of stuff. As you've recognized, failure takes a lot out of you, to the point that you lose reps on later sets. Sometimes this is appropriate, sometimes not. Staying away from failure will absolutely still allow you to make gains, as long as you don't stay *ridiculously far* from failure. The problem is, without actually hitting failure now and again, this can be hard to judge. In the specific example you gave, it probably doesn't matter very much.
If you want to improve your neck, train your neck, not your traps. But no, I don't think grip width should affect much here.
Oh no! Instead of 3.5 billion potential partners, you only have 1.75 billion! How will you ever find a single person who likes you, out of a pool of only 1.75 billion??!?
You're right! Finding a few dozen people out of 1.75 billion is even harder!
Heavy front squats do tend to beat up the shoulders, but much like back squats, you just adapt to it and it stops bruising or hurting. In the meantime, wearing two shirts helps.
Sure. This is what many athletes do; in-season is just trying to maintain and stay healthy, off-season is for making gains.
Re-lacing my shoes every time sounds WAY harder than bringing a dip belt or holding a dumbbell between my knees.
Are you asking if the calculator *on the website* is as accurate as the calculation you're doing by hand? Because the website is doing *the same* calculation that you did by hand. Well, probably. There are a few different formulas, but the Epley formula is the most common: max = weight * (1 + reps/30) So yes, the online calculator should be fine. Whether that will be accurate to what you can actually lift is another matter.
Depends. They're just projections. The formulae were constructed from actual data, so they're reasonably accurate in general, but you shouldn't bet strongly on being exactly accurate for you personally on this specific occasion. I squatted 336 after hitting nothing above 285x5 in training, which was slightly above the projected max of 332. On deadlifts I always seem to underperform my projected max, probably because I'm weak off the floor and anything much above a 3RM just doesn't move at all. I'm working on that problem, and we'll see if it closes the gap between projection and actual. Projected maxes from low-rep sets are more likely to be accurate than high-rep sets.
&gt;That's true in theory, but I think it would be pretty difficult to come up with a good method of deciding which side to predict. I don't think you need a method to decide which side to predict. You just pick a prediction, and then you assign confidence to it. Suppose I'm systematically overconfident: I place 99% confidence on predictions that I get right only 70% of the time. What happens if, instead of asking me for my confidence in X (which would be 99%), you ask for my confidence in ~X? I won't say 1%: that would make me *underconfident*, and I'm systematically overconfident. If my calibrated confidence level should be 30%, I might say 50%. Framing effects can be huge! Of course, if you asked me both questions together, I'd clue in and give you numbers that added to 100%. No guarantee they'd suddenly be calibrated, though; framing effects are still a problem. But learning "my 50% predictions are only 30% right" is useful in just the same way that learning "my 99% predictions are 70% right" is. To stop being systematically overconfident, I need to learn that my gut feeling of "feels like a coin flip" means "probably not".
Kneeling squats. I've occasionally heard of people using them, but they're a pretty niche exercise.
Weight loss scales proportionally with your deficit. An 800-calorie deficit means you lose weight twice as fast as a 400-calorie deficit. Your current deficit, assuming it's based on a correct TDEE, should result in losing about 3/4 of a pound per week. You should be able to tell changes on the scale or via measurements. Change in the mirror is slow and subtle enough that it's hard to perceive day-to-day.
There is no reason whatsoever that you must use the public shower, if you are uncomfortable doing so. If you get sweaty or smelly, use deodorant, or just work out at the end of the day so you can go home afterward. I promise you that nobody cares about the size of your flaccid penis in the gym shower.
Maybe, but not by very much. [91% of energy expenditure is predicted by load alone](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/7932947). A less-trained individual might expend more calories on repair and recovery, though, since they're less adapted to the same task. But this is a guess, and I have no idea if it would be significant if it actually exists.
Lower back, maybe. Upper back, definitely not.
Unimportant on the margin, but potentially very important on the tails. Certainly not a thing you need to deliberately track - if you're not tracking, you'll probably end up with something moderate, which then works fine. Food is energy, but food is not JUST energy. Your muscles, for example, are literally made out of protein, so large protein deficiencies have significant effects. And [very excessive protein intake will outright kill you](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rabbit_starvation).
