Duct tape
[If you don't give up, you will be surprised on how you may tie/win](http://prntscr.com/7bx98k) ^^backstory: There was another hacker, but he left at around 12:12, he had 27 kills (really bad wall hacker) the guy with 0 kills was at -1 kills the whole game until the last round, he was not AFK. Yes, I was the one who died to him :( He run n gunned me with an M4...
That's not what happened... The match was delayed because of ESEA messing up.
How is that a ninja defuse?
Oh, i was thinking of a different situation. However this is far, far different than just over sleeping or being late for a LAN. They were in the middle of a match, obv scheduling issues.
This basically has to be coincidence. Why? The new update. The new update patched networking invisible players (footstep range does not classify as invisible). This means, just like the wall hacks, there is no way the "aim lock" would have known that that CT was there, from such distance and with a wall in the way. EDIT: I worded it a bit wrong. I meant, that long distance wall hacks have been patched, so so has long distance accidental aim lock.
Male softball?
[at least give credit](http://www.reddit.com/r/GlobalOffensive/comments/3862nq/petition_to_rename_de_logs_to_de_forestation/crsz7p0)
Not to mention, the USP you had in your hand was to the guy who shot him in the head with the deagle.
If you toggle a really old detected cheat, you will get an "untrusted" ban almost immediately. Thought it eventually turns into a VAC ban once it syncs.
eew, pie
GG
Yes, yes it was. [Edit: proof](http://prntscr.com/7cwk3s)
Haha, i know right. Reddit sometimes. Lucky me I have plenty of comment Karma :) edit: When i provided proof to inevitably prove them wrong, I instantly started receiving up-votes
[just for you, I went and looked up his steam profile, as you can see it says GAME ban, meaning it is an OW ban](http://prntscr.com/7cwk3s)
The most well commonly known one, in which you stated, was not patched. And most likely never will, because it would hurt more than it would help. More legit people would get put into OW. Limiting hackers to 2 games/day is doing plenty of work already. (and it was 24 hours).
[Overwatch](http://prntscr.com/7cwk3s)
Why would you need sunglasses, if you are blind?
You can do this on D2.
To see how many people are crossing. ^Bots ^are ^people ^too
Oh nvm then, idk
thanks
He has Arthrogryposis
He probably thought he could get lots of Karma because that 1 shot looked like it was legit, but didn't realize the 4 lock-ons afterwards.
I fell asleep in class before, and when the teacher woke me up I said "But the terrorists are planting the bomb"
It's because this spin botter was still running. And since they patched no-spread, you have to fully stop running for your shots to be accurate.
This is about as accurate as you're going to get. Unless you measure your cheek hairs and beard hairs for us.
Yeah, that's illegal. You could have reported her to the board office and she would have gotten fired or transferred.
Be Right Back, jumping off a cliff.
There also wouldn't be any cases...
You got a screenshot of the 5-7 in game or in the inspect menu?
It just didn't cross my mind, when ever I saw some professional getting 100,000 Kills on his ST I wanted to be the first to get a 1,000,000. So I just hopped on an Idle server and started sprayin
Nope. I'm not trolling, I mean it doesn't really matter, but I just got trade banned out of no where. I didn't do anything abnormal,
Yeah and not to mention you only have to do it once.
What does the message look like though? (preferably OW and Player reports)
This is in a different language sorry, do I just hit the green button? I believe you have to do a series of holding the home and off button, but am afraid that when I hit the button of it is still in (Chinese?) [Screenshot](http://prntscr.com/7g0vnx) EDIT: Nevermind, clicked the button, this was incredible easy t han k you
$20 a game? Can I make that my full time job?
As long as the hacker isn't just flat out griefing the server ruining it for every one, I really don't mind. If he is flying around in a car, so what? I go on about my business and they go on about there's. I still report all hackers I just don't really care much for them. Though, I extremely freaking hate it when they give me billions of dollars.
You only have to do it one time. Ever.
I do that with spin botters
So you have to buy an expensive gun in order to complete the operation?
combo breaker
Do you have I-Tunes? Have you read all of the Terms and Conditions for that?
I still, don't think they put psychologists and all of their best designers to type in a few numbers, add a transparent back ground, right click, click "send to back" then drag the 2 sets of numbers side by side, and happen to be off by a few pixels.
I feel sad that you only went up to 80 hours/week. I average 120+hrs /week :'(
And my point, is that they are not going to get a psychologist, and the world best game designers to make such a simple UI piece.
Usually around 12, how ever I do pull full 24/hrs often. Only this much in summer though,
Yeah I'm sub 18. My parents don't really care how long I spend on video games. I really do not have anything else to do, just recently moved out of state so I have no friends here yet.
Casual gives you the most EXP. Other than Comp. And untill you are level 3 you can't play Comp.
I did, several months later I'm LEM. I didn't play any casual till I was about MG
Yes, I showed it to her a while back, she plays a lot in her free time
Haha, I did something similar in COD once, a long time ago. I was trying out a new gun (I was very young, pls ignore stupidity) wanted to see if it was fully automatic, so I looked at a wall and shot, and it said I got a head shot through the wall on the killfeed
Umm, no.
If you sing a song to GabeN to the enemies during warm up, and you get a bot on your team, the bot starts spin botting and you win :D
Is that supposed to be a counter argument? We still shouldn't have to rely on external services to play the game. Especially having to pay extra $ monthly in order to do this.
Because, the better the default game is, the more noob friendly it is, the more money Valve gets.
I got scared when I clicked on the Youtube link and he said "This is doctor Levi" Because my name is Levi...
Way to make the picture as big as possible
The only reason VAC bans are delayed, is to catch more people, and makes using public cheats more risky. Think of it this way, if I wanted to cheat, I could go to a cheating forum, find a popular post with 300,000 views that is still active, and every time I use it I go to see if there are a lot of comments saying "DETECTED", before I use them. Though, since VAC bans are delayed, the cheat can be detected for 2 weeks prior to the VAC bans, causing any one that used it in the past 2 weeks to get banned. [yes there is a cheat with that many views, and the post says it uses a different injection method causing it to stay undetected, despite it being sigged](http://prntscr.com/7i061t) Essentially, a VAC bypass.
Yeah, Valve is just full of it. If it isn't reports / game, and it isn't reports / day, then what is it? This is probably the most stupid thing I have ever heard come out of a Valve employee's, well, fingers.
To what?
Cevo's skill level is pretty low, and ESEA I don't trust/not willing to pay for such a guy named Kane to have access to my PC 24/7
Can I not trust who I want on the internet without being flamed? No? OK. Especially a guy named Kane, who has took part in bit coin mining in the past, is not reliable, bans people for replying to him in a different language, when someone points out an idiotic move they made he bans them for "malicious activity", and I am not going to pay this guy.
Oh you mean decoy?
What was the most awkward guitar lesson session have you ever had?
How do you sneak into the theater with the correct equipment in odder to record the movie?
Hahaha, Sorry for the odd question, i mis-read the title and thought you said you were a guitar teacher. Still a great answer though xD
looks awfully hot to me
They want to have a fair and fun game. Getting stomped and the top fragger has 65 kills, is not fun. When I was a silver, I hated smurfs and thought it was why I was stuck in Silver. Of course it wasn't,
Also listen, when bhopping if you hear 2 foot steps when you land, you missed it, if you hear 1, you hit it perfectly. He hit every single bhop perfectly, 14 times in a row. With terrible strafes and an M4 out, this is just flat out impossible. Also Frankie is just terrible at the game, his crosshair placement throughout the rest of the video was so freaking bad, not one time did I see him aim head level. He always looks for Ant's.
I watched that within a few hours of it coming out. And I did not see him 1v1'ing Friberg, and I would think I remember that. I am a FrankieOnPCIn1080p fan and all, and there is no doubt he is b-hop scripting in that clip, but he did not, 1v1 Friberg and completely destroy him...
This is the internet, you really don't know where the Porn is? Kappa
Or Comic Sans
It is only the first time you go to check community servers.
That's impressive.
Yeah I looked at a road sign, and the joke just came to me.
Yeah, McDonalds sign's can have a double meaning.
Ya caught me, I looked at a joke book and added a couple underscores :(
[DOTA 2 vs CSGO](http://prntscr.com/7ljia8)
oh haha. So you got any life stories to tell me ;)
Never looked for Dota 2. Doesn't seem like a game that I'd like.
Why go through all of that trouble when all you have to do is shove a thumb tack in the middle of your screen?
But if you don't shoot, you don't miss, yet you also don't hit. So you do not miss 100% of shots you don't shoot.
And how is this an Anti-Joke? Not even a joke. Just a really bad story
&gt; Wow! The second one was NUTS! Where are we?
I don't know, I heard VAC can detect red and blue ink.
I mean I can tell the center of my monitor just fine without the crosshair. That's just me tho
Did I say I was? I couldn't care less if someone I was playing against was using a crosshair, as I can just tell the center of my monitor which is quite easy to do. I'm also not that bad with cl_crosshair 0
It worked for me
Tell her that you will break up with her if she doesn't give you the skin. (Same way I dated girls in the first grade for gum)
Were they comfy?
&gt; innocents and children Pointing guns at strangers is not innocent. And I couldn't even understand what you were talking about about the Dear and Roof thing.
[Source, I mean it happened in China](http://liderxeber.az/9179.html) Not from a movie, i don't know how reliable this Chinese news source is though.
I'm not claiming it is real, I just got it off of a Chinese news source. I'm just saying the possibility of it being real/fake is 50/50
Lol, I meant it is from a Chinese news source. Still not from a movie though, possibly just a publicity stunt.
I agree it's probs just a publicity stunt, but real enough to get on a Chinese news source. I'm just saying it's a 50/50 chance it is real or fake, not definitely fake.
Yeah, I agree. My point is just that isn't 100% for sure fake, crazier stuff has happened and there are some awesome people out there.
You are such a troll
No, just messing around.
Yes you were, stfu
It works the same way a boat floats on water. The boat is less dense / foot^3 than water, same way the water vapor is less dense than air / foot^3. So, just like the boat floats, water vapor floats. The water vapor has a tendency to stick together. Why doesn't the water vapor float out of the atmosphere? Because the higher you go, the less dense the air gets. The level the clouds are at is just at the threshold to where the water vapor is the same density as the air. Same way how if you mix 2 different liquids together, if they have separate densities then the thinner one will float. --- How do they weigh the cloud? Simple, really. Gather the average density of a normal cloud, You can do this by trapping exactly 1ft^3 of cloud in a special bag, and then weigh it, and determine how many grams are in that bag (I don't know how they do this part). They do this several times, and add up all the densities and divide it by the amount you gathered (calculating averages is taught in the 4th grade) Then you get the average density per foot^3 of cloud. Then, calculate the volume of an average sized cloud, you can do this by flying over, across and up/down of several clouds in a helicopter, if you don't have a special device you can fly at a constant speed across the cloud and time how long it took you to cross the cloud, and use the formula Distance = Rate x time to calculate the distance. Now, that you know how many feet^3 are in an average cloud, and the average density / ft^3 of a cloud, then do density of 1ft^3 x volume in ft^3 of the cloud, and that will give you the total mass of the cloud, now take the total mass of the cloud, and multiply it by 9.8 m/s/s and that will give you the weight of the average cloud, in this case, 216,000 lbs.
fixed
Yea I was seeing how many downvotes I could get.
lol i like downvotes,really
Wow you are so fucking stupid.
There's a free, subtle cheat out there that has been undetected for over a year and over 15,000 downloads.
What the fuck.
I don't remember this
You brought it up lmao
689,010
689,012
its tru tho and you know it
689,021
Yeah i didn't have much help, it took me less than a year to go from Silver 4 to DMG, but DMG to LEM took a lot longer.
60,000,000 L = 24 Olympic sized swimming pools.
Fuck that
You sound like someone who can't create a counter-argument.
Ah, I meant street racing... Lets hope no one notices
Yea it probably is
Just like my dad :'(
What if he works at mcDonalds?
I got my refund within 15 minutes, it's automated now.
~~Well, either that's not a clock or this is sped up...~~ That was not 1 minute. EDIT: Nvm, here's source: https://youtu.be/vui8YvY0vBM?t=64 Not sped up, I just don't know what is up with that clock.
Back into your steam wallet or on in your bank? I just chose mine to go back into my steam account.
browsing /r/FuckYou
A duck dynasty doll (Si)
I can dislocate my thumb
Fuck you too
10 second reply, I'm way quicker... :)
like 15 people already have, it is also just extremely obvious.
oh wat mfw i get out beat at my own game
Tie another string to dangle down from the kite, someone grabs onto the string and pulls it down. Or, just wait for the wind to die down a little.
692,723
All you have to do is add .gifv at the end of of the link at the top.
Wait, what the fuck? Does Codsworth say "Levi" for everyone? My IRL name is Levi, and I named my character Levi, and it called me Levi in Codsworths voice, I just assumed it was really good text to speech... EDIT: Turns out there is a preset of names codsworth can say, Levi is one of them! :D
694,023 Why I haven't been here recently - 1. Stay up all night 2. Get sleeping pattern off track 3. School starts again 4. Force my self to sleep for a couple hours in the middle of the night when I'm not tired 5. Just enough sleep to get through school without being tired 6. Get tired just as I get home (3:35) 7. Fall asleep (4:00) until midnight (12:00) 8. Spend the rest of the night trying to go back to sleep 9. Repeat
Check
689,141
689,143
689,145
689,147
689,149 lol
689,155 I should probably go to bed, 3:28 AM... Even though I just woke up from an 8 hour nap 3 hours ago.
689,157 had what?
689,159 Yea I got to get to bed, cya 3:30 AM
I hope I get above 30 on the ACT (8th grade)
Delete this comment.
Delete this comment.
Delete this comment.
In that case, it still stands. In the United States, there is still black and white neighborhoods. Black neighbor hoods are often poorer, lack proper education, and are filled with more violence. This isn't because their black, it's because black people are usually more poor, causing them to commit more crime. This comment explains why they are poorer &gt; The original gi bill after ww2 acted as a massive affirmative action for white people, it let them go to college and get vocational training. Black people could use the gi bill too but their opportunities were greatly limited in comparison which resulted in massive inequality. Furthermore, black people were red taped out of most neighborhoods until the 1960s. Buying houses is how Americans accumulate the vast majority of their wealth, it's in the 90% range. So black people couldn't accumulate the same type of wealth as white people as they couldnt use the gi bill to its fullest extent, and couldn't live in the new suburbs that popped up after ww2. This has resulted in long term economic inequalities. Source: when affirmative action was white by Ira Katznelson. https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/3r0bfx/what_fucked_up_question_have_you_always_wanted_to/cwjxhnt Poor individuals who are committing crimes for their source of income don't generally seek good education.
&gt; NSFW
Exactly what i am trying to figure out Edit: He stole a necklace You can see it in this frame http://i.imgur.com/tfHSG59.jpg
You probably have a lot of CP on your PC.
&gt; it would mean ~2000 comments who cares though? The admins said deep chains, 2 chains just as deep wouldn't cause stress on the servers. Even though they fixed that.
eloper tools
i-i-i do...
1845 words.. I doubt any one read this lol whit
689,988 This is the correct chain. Lets take this to the get, Whit's comment is 16:29:28 (the one i am replying to) And the one you all did was 16:34:27 Come on someone help me finish this K
689,990
689,992
689,994
690,000 Woot! /u/Mooraell Edit: here is a video explaining why this is the Get https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F3I8xW4djks&amp;feature=youtu.be
Grats!
2 second get, Nice job!
Thanks!
Yea Im a refreshin king!
I know :)
Haha yeah this is the actual get though lol
696 741
696743
Tru
This is true and also a very likely possibility. Father figures are very important to not being influenced by others as a substitute.
I don't need spam in my inbox Please, can you stop?
No it's that I always get really excited when I get an actual inbox reply, but then it is really depressing to find out it is just some random stuff.
&gt; they apparently asked him to stop before opening fire, they gave him every chance they could. This isn't america bro
Because my life is dope, and i do dope things
He didn't have a point, just for those scrolling through to see how far the prices are off. I appreciated it because now I know it is ~~only~~ $60 more expensive.
Yeah I know it's less on Amazon, I'm just saying this guy saved me from having to convert the money myself just to get an idea at how much more he was actually selling it for.
Oh, i didn't even realize I put "only".
Oh thank doG!
[Here, I drew a diagram to maybe help you understand](http://i.imgur.com/OwDdyxE.png) I am so sorry you grew up without a proper education to be able to understand simple physics.
Hmm, that is an interesting reason to do that. I've never even thought about it that way haha.
I agree with AdinidA, if there is a small issue, you are usually the one who makes a big deal out of it. EDIT: I'm not saying AdinidA agrees with the 2nd part of this comment
As if I give a fuck about someone who creates a huge deal over 1. A random comment that is important enough where you ask me to delete it and throw a fit for days, and making it a big deal if I don't. 2. Mentions someone's gender whenever they already made it public on this sub - apparently a big enough deal to where you ask me to delete more comments and throw a fit all day when I don't. 3. Continuing over david's get, you threw a fit and continued drama over the next few days because you wanted to clarify that david got the get after we already said that he got the get. 4. Throwing another fit and continuing drama over the next few days over who got the legitimate get in the thread a while back where there were like 4 gets in 4 different trees. 5. Throwing another fit trying to get me to change my flair because you thought someone would take it serious. (That I will now change because you all changed yours and it no longer makes any sense) Oh, and wait... All of this only happened in the past 2 weeks. Who started and continued all of this? *You.* 6. Someone takes a few day break and you immediately assume they went missing and/or are dead. You then continue to make a big scene over the next few days telling every one to be all perfect and nice so he comes back to a perfect sub. This is /r/Counting, Where you count, not make a big deal over every little incident.
700,567
&gt; Sure, as long as that's where you are you sexy beast ; You called?
ITT Every one ignoring the fact that static electricity ~~doesn't produce a flash~~(see below) and crawling across a carpet does not generate enough static electricity to cause even a small amount of pain. EDIT: To clarify &gt; A flash that you can physically see on your nose during the day time. Static electricity only produces little heat, not enough to make light bright enough to be seen in broad daylight (as mentioned in OP) However all of that aside, crawling across a carpet certainly isn't enough to generate enough SE to put a full grown man in a decent amount of pain where he loses his sex drive.
You have to make it public on Imgur, it will help a lot. Open up the picture, for OP you should see it say "Publish to Imgur"
https://www.reddit.com/r/circlejerk/comments/2wou7z/comcast_if_you_vote_this_up_it_will_show_up_on/
A flash that you can physically see on your nose during the day time. Static electricity only produces little heat, not enough to make light bright enough to be seen in broad daylight (as mentioned in OP) However all of that aside, crawling across a carpet certainly isn't enough to generate enough SE to put a full grown man in a decent amount of pain where he loses his sex drive.
&gt; A flash that you can physically see on your nose during the day time. Static electricity only produces little heat, not enough to make light bright enough to be seen in broad daylight (as mentioned in OP) However all of that aside, crawling across a carpet certainly isn't enough to generate enough SE to put a full grown man in a decent amount of pain where he loses his sex drive.
Not too late, and yea I agree.
How did this get 160 upvotes though?
I'm late, but let me explain. First of all, I have over 11,000 counts and box has over 3,000. When we count, we usually chat. We go a few 10's and add a comment, it is constantly switching from 1 person to another counting. If a bot were to be coded to taking a random amount of time to respond (1-4) seconds, I consistently get 2 second replies, anything slower I'd be able to beat when I am running. /u/AdinidA /u/Rschaosid and /u/Rideride are the fastest counters on the sub currently, ride ride has over 1% of his counts as 1 second replies, but you can easily tell he is not a bot because he chats and doesn't run for extended periods of time, despite getting 1s replies often. Also, if a random new counter out of no where shows up and starts getting 2s avg replies and does a super fast run with one of our faster counters, he is probably a bot. And the counter counting with them would likely know this real quickly.
ELI5? Also, Why did he get banned in the first place?
Every possible description of your death is in that website.
I just look down on fat chicks and fat dudes. They choose not to take care of their bodies, so why should I care?
Since when do the mods decide if something is interesting or not, that should be gauged by upvotes.
Spoiler-walterdies I found a picture of your dick on ebay it is being sold for $5 a piece. Check PM for details.
/u/spoiler-walterdies can I stick my dick in your wife while I'm over there?
