Which movie, just out of curiosity?
SJWs, their games, their ideas, the things they like, the art they want to create...have a right to exist, as much right as anyone else's. But when they seek to censor, to indoctrinate, to propagandize, to lie about games and slander gamers, to circlejerk their friends, blacklist their enemies, shame creators and players, and otherwise try to exert control over the direction of the hobby and related spaces? That. Is. UNETHICAL. It's disgraceful, unfair, unjust, sometimes flat out illegal behavior whether they are doing it in the name of ideology or not. It serves the cause of ethics to oppose this, and it serves the cause of ethics to point out the general lunacy of the people doing it and the things they believe, because those ideas and dogmas are the excuse they use to justify their unethical actions, since to them the ends justify the means. And drawing an arbitrary line that we just don't talk about things like protein world or shirtgate because they're not directly gaming related is shooting ourselves in the foot. These are clear cut, obvious examples of SJW censorship, witch hunting, bias, and general unethical behavior that neutrals and people outside the hobby will understand, and they are useful tools to expose the general mentality and tactics of our opposition without having to catch everyone up on the history of GG and complex gamer issues. Ultimately, these "off topic" SJW events SERVE THE CAUSE of ethics in gaming by helping to expose the same group of bad actors who are poisoning our industry to serve their political purposes. This is not TIA, it's not about just posting stupid things they say and laughing at them. But their efforts at censorship and all the rest of the bad shit they're also trying to do to gaming? That's relevant even when they're doing it in other spaces because it serves as a useful example, and maybe even lessons we can take and apply in gaming, like the way protein world stood up to them, that's a lesson devs could learn from, and we should be trying to teach it.
Going on a tropical vacation is my safe space! I'm totally not privileged at all!
They never backed off on paid mods? But...they took the system down and admitted they messed up?
Don't waste 10 grand on some stupid prank, whatever you do with it Milo, put it towards something actually worthwhile, a charity, bees as someone suggested, or maybe some sort of pro-gamergate campaigning.
If Valve wants to release a paid modding system for one of their own games...well how's that different from steam workshop stuff in DOTA or team fortress? I mean, I'm not against the idea of paid mods in principle, some mods are truly professional quality stuff that deserves to make money, and WOULD make money if not for copyright issues. I just think Valve implemented the system in a very bad way the first time, lopsided rev share, no consumer protections, all sorts of potential for companies to abuse it... This refund system is at least the FIRST building block towards amending policies so that paid mods COULD be a viable system in the future. I'm just afraid their first attempt might have so badly poisoned the well people will now be paranoid.
I like the comment "Gamergate people will think anyone is GamerGate if they talk about da ethics and da industry". How do you rationalize that statement with believing ethics is a smokescreen for harassing wymynz?
The narrative seems to be starting to crack in vidya, maybe the rest of the world isn't far behind.
To McIntosh, facial expression is just not good enough, he outright says so. This game is a triumph of facial mo-cap, Geralt's face (and really everybody's) is super expressive, but it's not a "real" show of emotion to this guy unless he breaks down in tears, wailing in angst and tearing his clothes like a tantruming five year old. And he somehow thinks that including something in a game is endorsing it. Geralt literally can't cry, his mutations have somehow damaged his tear ducts, this has lead people to believe that Witchers are emotionless, leading to fear and suspicion of them, and pigeonholing Geralt into a very narrow social role against which he chafes. If anything, that's an open CONDEMNATION by the game of the idea of "compulsory male stoicism", but I guess that's too subtle for McIntosh. Here's a thought Jon, maybe if you don't think anyone should "talk over" women about feminism, you should leave discussions of masculinity to people who actually have some.
They're TRYING to offend you, that's the POINT! It's like going to the heart attack grill and complaining there was no diet food!
"but the dictionary definition of feminism is equality!!" The part where they start talking about how in a non-monogamous system, all men are forever alone virgins except a lucky few is one of the best examples of horseshoe theory I've ever seen though, echos redpill rhetoric perfectly. Couldn't tell if this person actually can't spell polygamy though, or was trying to "womyn" it.
Funny thing, I've been bulking and cutting to build muscle for about two years now, and every time I cut, I stick with it, the weight comes off no problem, and I look like a lean mean fighting machine until I make the conscious decision to bulk again, and I've never harmed myself in the process. All it takes is a little willpower.
"Zoe Quinn dared to make a game that challenged the status quo of "what's a video game"". No she didn't. Depression Quest IS a video game. In fact, text adventures were among the very first video game genres, and DQ has an express failure state, your character can commit suicide. It's unambiguously a video game, it's just a bad one.
Well sure, I'm the first one to say "you can't ban someone from a hashtag", it's sources like ralph retort going out of their way to defend him that concern me.
I tend to go by the TB definition. If it has mechanics, interaction, and an express or implied failure state, it's a game.
The idea that Geralt is emotionless is just such obvious bullshit. The characters in Witcher 3 have beautiful facial mo-cap, Geralt included, you can SEE his feelings. This just isn't good enough for a clod like McIntosh who can't grasp subtlety and thinks that if a character isn't whining and tantruming, they're not showing their emotions. He seems to have never grown up, and therefore doesn't understand adult reactions to emotion. He's latched onto the whole idea that "Witchers have no feelings", which is an in-universe myth based on the fact their mutations render them unable to cry. While Geralt himself insists this is true, it is BLINDINGLY obvious that he doth protest too much. It's like the joke about the robot who's sad that he has no emotions. Hell, the man's entire QUEST is about love, both paternal and romantic!
I assume this person thinks twitter and tumblr followers actually mean literal...you know...followers.
Given how many of them can rationalize violence by "marginalized groups" I wouldn't be surprised if they'd really believe that.
If some chick wants to some sit on my lap on the subway, she's welcome. Well...normally, this one on the other hand would probably cry rape if I got a boner.
It's a bit of blatant but harmless fanservice, it shouldn't need justification beyond that. We're just dealing with nutcases who think fanservice is inherently evil and oppressive...at least if it's fanservice for straight men, Dorian's ass is fine.
There's nothing liberal about SJWs, they are hardcore authoritarians who only want everyone to be free....to live exactly as they tell them to live. Same shit as the worst bible thumpers.
thennophobia is entirely reasonable. As in, literal phobia, they're terrifying.
You're grading whether DINOSAURS are portrayed in a sexist manner, you have officially jumped the shark. Or the giant thing that eats the shark as the case may be.
99% of the time, defending free speech is defending someone's right to be an asshole. But letting them do so is a necessary evil, because once free speech starts to get curbed, abuse is inevitable, I have NEVER seen a speech code that hasn't been subject to abuse. Plus, there's the other important matter, the question of bias. I'd honestly be fine with it if Reddit legitimately went out and banned ALL the subs that harass and brigade people on a regular basis. But they're not. They're only banning subs opposed to progressive ideologies. I doubt we'll see a single SJW sub get banned no matter how heinous its practices. The goal is an ideological shift of the site, the rest is a pretext.
Two wrongs don't make a right. FPH is a shitty sub full of hypocritical asshats. But so's Ghazi, which lies, censors, brigades, bans people for no reason, and is exclusively aimed at hating another group. But they have the "right" politics, so they're not banned. I stand by my statement that I would have no problem with this policy if the bans were evenhanded and politically unbiased, but as long as Pao is only banning subs that are anti-SJW, this is a legit problem.
So now it's not about the behavior of the sub, now it's about the principle of the fact it was banned, even if the new sub has better rules against harassment. "not banning ideas", riiiiight?
You know, I don't disagree that a lot of reality TV is lowest common denominator voyeuristic trash, but I don't think it's because of racism.
Yes, painting your face completely chalk white must totally be about black people...
Well I agree with one thing, if you wouldn't jump on the opportunity with a pornstar, there's clearly something wrong with you! But seriously, I get it, to some people, a lot of people, fidelity is extremely important, and they couldn't get past the idea that this person's job requires them to do something they consider to be cheating on them. That doesn't mean you look down on them for doing it, it's just not something that works for YOU.
I don't know what's crazier, the part where she expects a guy to go to jail for a crime he didn't commit as a martyr for her cause, or the part where she's concerned about men transmitting unspoken slurs by mental telepathy.
I feel really bad for you man. You are a black developer, making a game about themes of social justice and equality, in which (if this is anything like other deus ex games) there is always a non-violent, or at least non-lethal option for the player, with complex, mature storytelling that touches on important real world themes. If the SJWs were true to their claimed convictions, they would be lauding you as a hero, and your work as a seminal game for our age. But because you used a metaphor for racism instead of hitting the audience over the head with the subject matter, because you respected the player's intelligence and trusted them to understand an allegory, because you created art and not propaganda, you're being crucified by ideologues who stand for nothing beyond meaningless anger. Thank you for standing up, thank you for speaking out, thank you for not staying quiet or apologizing when you've done nothing wrong. Thank you for not being their shield. Let GamerGate be your sword.
Well if you'd rather I fucked you up the ass...
Probably, like I said, it's SO PERFECTLY TIMED right when she needs something to play the victim about. But that's beside the point, we shouldn't let ourselves be put on the defensive like that, having to disprove and distance ourselves from accusations that we did something that is part of normal, completely acceptable political discourse and campaigning. Even if we HAD done this, we'd have every right to, and we shouldn't let the SJWs construct a narrative that makes it impossible to use ANY method of campaigning against them without it being labeled harassment.
Free speech is essentially dead in Europe, express the wrong opinion and you can expect a visit from the cops, a chilling vision of where we're heading when even creating a platform to PERMIT free speech is considered unacceptable.
Because as bad as the KKK is, they never took over the country and murdered millions.
Holy hell, the one about how transwomen are their property made me want to vomit....
"truscum" gets me every time. How can anyone be part of a movement that considers caring about truth to be scummy and not realize you're on the wrong side? Like seriously, these are people who make everything about identity politics while outright saying you can just make up your identity, that's nuts.
Eh, watch, but no need to worry just yet. Every time there's a mass shooting, the left tries to score points by blaming lack of gun control, and the right deflects by blaming the media instead. And invariably nothing is accomplished by either side. This is a stock political drama we've seen played out a million times. Besides, the religious right is no longer really listened to on the subject of games, and the violence panic has lost its traction and been thoroughly debunked. Given that pivoting to an anti-violence stance basically just destroyed Sarkeesian's credibility overnight, I don't think this is gonna get anywhere.
http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-iVqvZ-GSAgc/Tu1x5fINjyI/AAAAAAAABJs/qRrrRt9w6_U/s1600/AFRICA+WEIGHTLIFTING.PNG Your excuses are INVALID. I refuse to believe that you don't own shoes, and you can't afford a swimsuit, and you've never seen a YMCA, which will only ask you to pay what you can afford. You seem to have a computer and an internet connection, so no, you're not so destitute you can't afford shoes. But even if you WERE, even if you were fucking naked and penniless, you could still drop and give me 20. Pushups, situps, lunges, planking, etc, never cost anybody a dime.
Now it's 1 in 3? Pretty soon they'll say it's 1 in 1, just GOING to college is rape.
Of the three main female characters in FFVII, one has very large breasts, another has very small ones, and the third seems about in between. I cannot imagine a way to be MORE "representational". Anyone who has a problem with that doesn't want more diversity in games, they want LESS, and their principle motives for doing so, logically, can only amount to jealousy or spite. So Square's got a pretty clear choice here, they can cater to the people who love their game, or they can cater to the people who want to SPITE those who love their game.
Frankly, if someone working at pizza hut wants to eat a perfectly safe, fresh, edible pizza that was simply rejected by a customer for being the wrong order, I see no reason not to let them. Maybe they're worried that employees might deliberately get orders wrong if they think they get free stuff by doing so? But if the average pizza hut is already throwing out 20 pizzas per day, I can't imagine anyone would need to do that....
Oh yeah, but the reverse is perfectly okay, the dictionary definition of feminism is sacred, but everything else is "outdated" or "biased"
You posted pictures of your tits, and now you're shocked people who don't normally read your blog looked?
Don't you know that the word bad has misogynistic and homophobic origins?! And "unreal" mocks people with reality disorders! Stop triggering me, shitlord!
This contains enough buzzwords that it sounds like a troll. If not though...friendzoned werewolves, lol!
I always played femshep and I always romanced ladies (okay not always, but come on, they gave me Garrus as an option, how could I not?!). Probably not for quite the same reasons an SJW would, but I still enjoyed having the option.
It was a stupid comment to make in public, I can understand why it upset people, I can understand calls for a retraction or an apology. I CANNOT understand or condone it destroying someone's career, it just wasn't even close to that big a deal.
I support petitions to ban statehouses and any other official institutions of government from displaying the confederate flag, as the secession was an act of treason. Private entities, however, can express whatever the hell views they like, including to espouse that a group of historical traitors had a point. And the idea of censoring historically accurate representation of the civil war because it might offend someone...that's just lunacy. Those who forget their history are doomed to repeat it. In principle, I support the right of private stores to opt not to carry a product they disagree with, so long as the decision is born of their own convictions and not a response to outrage, but I also believe stores should exercise reasonable judgement in their use of that right, or they kinda suck as stores.
That doesn't mean he's a misogynist, it means he's a hack. Just because something is a cliche doesn't mean it's sexist.
Gone with the wind was not created to be a piece of propaganda advocating for the confederate cause, it was created to be a piece of art, depicting life at a given time period, from a certain perspective. Gone with the Wind is a valid piece of media. 12 years a slave is a valid piece of media. Both bring useful insight into our understanding of both our own history and the human condition. Scarlett O'hara's story does not invalidate Solomon Northup's, nor the other way around. Every slave owner does not need to be evil to call slavery an evil institution, even good people can sometimes do bad things out of weakness or ignorance. The mere condition of being a slave is inherently and obviously an abuse, the slave's owner heaping additional abuse on the slave on top of that is not necessary, and even the fact that SOME slave owners did so and the system was deliberately and inherently structured to normalize and enable such abuses is more than enough to condemn it. These facts are obvious to any rational person, we do not need to propagandize history, to tell an implausible and outrageous lie to ourselves and oversimplify the world into cartoonish heroes and villains so that nobody could possibly "get the wrong idea". We don't need to force the media to act as though every person who lived in the South before 1865 was basically Calvin Candy, we don't need to deny those we disagree with inner lives, dreams and struggles, and real humanity in spite of the cruel institution they directly or indirectly supported, and pretend that to a man, they fought for nothing but sheer and wanton cruelty. That is itself an effort to dehumanize others in the most extreme way possible. TL:DR, no sane person is going to suddenly decide they're pro-slavery simply because they saw a movie about a likeable slaveholder.
And then there's arkham. There should be a B rating too, as in, utterly BROKEN.
Yeah, they really have, we really need to jump on this before any of these tricks become normalized, I really don't want to see the brand of graphics card you have become the next means by which certain content and features are locked behind some sort of exclusivity and it becomes even more impossible to get a full and complete game.
This is actually a really useful idea, but I think it needs less rigid categories. For example, TB's recent discussion of Koei games ports...into which of those five categories would you put "the game can run at 120FPS...4 times as fast!", the framerate may be limitless, but it's still broken as fuck, but in a way that doesn't exactly fit into their five neat little boxes. They need a more open system to better categorize all the numerous inventive ways devs can manage to fuck up.
I...what? SERIOUSLY!? I don't know if someone like that gets off on hypocrisy just for the sake of it, or if he's for gun control....to put the competition out of business!
Having worked on shadow of mordor, what was your opinion on the game's ending, and if you agree with many fans that it was...to say the least a lackluster final boss, why did the devs/publisher go ahead and do it like that anyway?
FFVII has three main female characters. One has a small chest, one has a medium chest, one has a large chest. What could possibly be more "representation" than that? Denying Tifa's figure is asking for LESS diversity in games.
I think the majority of people here would say that they have a right to exist and are a legitimate medium, but probably aren't our taste, because we're more into traditional gaming. And also that "art games" that lack actual mechanics should not call themselves video games. Not because they're lesser, or gaming is somehow exclusive, but because every product should be accurately advertised so the consumer can make an informed purchase. For me personally...I think this is a very new genre/medium that's only beginning to find its feet, and like many things at the start of their life cycle, they don't get things perfect right out of the gate. There is a lot, and I mean a LOT, of pretentious twattery currently going on in this art form. Bad games made by snobby hipsters who think they're brilliant artistes (extra e on purpose) who look down their noses at regular video games and take any criticism to mean that their genius was lost on the unwashed masses. And that's not a unique problem to art GAMES, people like that seem to be an obnoxious constant in art in general. That said, I think this medium has potential in the hands of people who are competent and not full of themselves, I don't think art games are an inherently bad idea, Stanley Parable showed me what this concept was actually capable of and I liked what I saw. We can debate all day whether Stanley Parable is technically a video game, but whatever it was it was funny, and intelligent, and worthy of my time and money. So yes, more of that please, and less of Sunset.
He turns out to be factually wrong, yes, but he's still seen as a good man and a wise, worthy mentor for our hero. Others saw him the same way, because EU writers (in the old canon) continued to have his ghost appear to Luke to offer sage advice long after Endor. Luke exceeded his expectations, but that didn't make Obi-Wan bad. And mind you, I don't think Obi-wan personally is bad, I think he's a well meaning cog in a system that had become corrupt. But back to the point...on what evidence do you believe Lucas meant for us to see the Jedi as having become bad? Because I can't think of any instance in which fault on the part of the Jedi has been acknowledged by any sympathetic character, or otherwise pointed out in any way that can't be dismissed as a villain rant? As compelling evidence that Lucas DOES NOT believe this, I would point to the clone wars TV series, which not only does nothing but glorify the Jedi, it goes absolutely OUT OF ITS WAY to avoid ever making them look bad. Take for example the case of Barriss Offee, who ultimately becomes extremely disenchanted with the Jedi, and this is treated as a fall to the dark side on her part, and before the audience is allowed to hear her side of the argument (which is dismissed by all likable characters), we're told about all the horrible things she's done now that she's "evil." Or the case of Master Krell, a villain of a four episode story arc from the same show, initially depicted as a cold and ruthless Jedi who'll do anything to win, but in the end revealed to have switched sides and be secretly working for Dooku. He'd have been a much more compelling character and the whole thing a much better story if he'd simply been what he appeared, a Jedi commander who refuses to see the clone troopers as fully human and doesn't care how many of his soldiers he gets killed. But Lucas instead chose to sacrifice his narrative for the sake of making sure that all Jedi remain unambiguous good guys, and any counterexample can be dismissed as "no longer a true Jedi".
I mean, where she talks about how it doesn't properly develop relationships. That's a plot hole. And frankly, things like giving the viewer a proper sense of scale (something Star Wars, which treats planets like towns, has always been bad at), or explaining its core mythology elements in ways that aren't terribly simplistic and out of touch with believable human behavior...are things that other movies are expected to do IN THE MOVIE, not relegate to supplementary materials. Because most movies don't HAVE supplementary materials! Frankly, if a game did this, we would call it cutting out part of the lore to sell it separately as DLC. If another movie did it, we'd call it convoluted bullshit. I don't know why people give Star Wars a pass, especially after they nuked the entire EU after decades of building it up. I'm sorry, but I refuse to give a shit about the new EU. I could tell you all about the Celestials and the Infinite Empire, the Force Wars of Tython, the scheming of Marka Ragnos and Naga Sadow, all the way to Palpatine's clones, Grand Admiral Thrawn, and Luke's descendant Cade. And then Lucas sold the license and Disney capriciously threw it all in the trash, shrugged, and said "well maybe SOME of it happened" with no specifics. Once burned, twice shy, I'm not gonna spend that much time and effort learning lore they'll just retcon next time they're bored again. They can make coherent movies like everybody else and not use the EU as a crutch.
Maybe not Zangief, but Ryu certainly does, they seem to have given him an entire skin based on that idea in the new game. Vega is definitely a bishounen type character whose physical appeal to the presumed tastes of female players definitely seems like a considered element of his design. But I digress...if that is so, what would be an example (from a video game) of fanservice designed to appeal to straight men of conventional tastes that's NOT diminishing for the female character providing said fanservice? If Capcom is doing it wrong when it comes to Chun Li, what could they look to as a model of how to do it right?
Witcher combat isn't clunky, it's...deliberate. It's about preparing a plan of attack carefully BEFORE the fight, then executing it. Geralt's not a superhero, even with his magic and mutations, he can't just take on an army and win, he's gotta be very careful about how he approaches a fight, but when you pull it off, especially on the higher difficulties, you feel like a badass.
One of the best things I've read in a while. "Rey would be ashamed of you!" absolutely hilarious, deserves sticky. Or at least, would if reposted tomorrow for sanity sunday.
People who rant about this kind of stuff, comparing wanting a woman to shave her legs to pedophilia, are usually the first ones to dismiss a man they disagree with as a "neckbeard". Shaving body hair is hardly a female only thing, manscaping exists too. Or did you think the Hemsworths, the Winchesters, Stephen Amell, Taylor Lautner, and all your other hearthrobs just naturally grew no chest or back hair?
The writers of PPG were actually really fucking smart, they predicted A LOT.
Satire.
Best? Witcher. Worst? Ignoring trash-tier shovelware that plays like a high school project? At least the BIGGEST DISAPPOINTMENT would be battlefront.
Gamers right now are in a very defensive frame of mind, and we are that way because a bunch of loudmouths showed up one day and started accusing us of horrible crap and demanding we change. Given the situation, I don't think it's unreasonable that we're on our guard. And as a consequence of that, we ARE suspicious when it comes to intent, and I think we have reason to be, there ARE a lot of very clear cases of developers making changes that negatively impact our enjoyment of games in direct response, or at least direct correlation, to pressure from feminist groups. It should not be taboo to question someone's motives IF you have actual evidence (circumstantial evidence included, it's allowed even in criminal trials after all) to support your accusation. You should not need proof beyond all reasonable doubt before you're even allowed to MAKE THE ACCUSATION...but you shouldn't make completely unfounded accusations either. So yeah, there's baggage, and that goes doubly when writers actually come out and say "Look at our super diverse diversity guys!" and make it clear that decisions they made in their creative process were based on politics taking precedence over plot. Rey is a good example of this. Rey, in effect, COMBINES the roles and abilities of both Luke and Han, and in many ways, she's better than either of them were in both their areas of expertise, at least relative to their skill levels in a new hope. When one character in a movie is THAT MUCH more powerful, more special, and more capable than the entire rest of the cast, completely self-taught, and needs no help from anyone ever, the accusation of "Mary Sue" is just about inevitable, and when the person behind that character has already said that they made the character that way specifically to make one demographic feel like the movie is for them now, the accusation of pandering won't be far behind.
&gt; The player cannot help but treat these female bodies as things to be acted upon,because they were designed, constructed and placed in the environment for that singular purpose. Players are meant to derive a perverse pleasure from desecrating the bodies of unsuspecting virtual female characters. You mean THAT preceding paragraph where she makes MORE unsupportable motive assumptions, AND claims a player cannot help but do something they VERY MUCH have a choice whether to do or not, and in fact perform better in the level if they AVOID doing? And refers to living female characters as bodies, to imply they were murdered when they weren't? If numbers are meaningless, your argument is unfalsifiable because it's impossible to meet the goal of proving that a significant enough number of gamers were upset by these decisions for it to matter. I never said she's out of canon, I said that star wars fans would argue whether the movie is contradicting or ignoring prior canon. You know, like fans always do, sitting down and dissecting writer mistakes by pointing to all the things a series has said or demonstrated previously to prove that it's not being internally consistent? The discussion only BECAME KIA-worthy when SJWs started attacking people just for saying she's a Mary Sue. It's irrelevant if she IS one or not, at least to the mission of this sub, it's relevant that people should not be shamed and slandered for daring to question the writing quality of characters SJWs approve of.
To be fair, if there really were a 5000 year old all-powerful illuminati composed of half the world's population and nearly all of its government, industry, and armed forces, dismantling it, if even possible, WOULD be a colossal task that would take generations to accomplish.
That's...remarkably sane and a very good summation of events. Hopefully, more and more of what remains of this country's sane left and center is realizing that they have to take their asylum back from the lunatics or they're gonna end up with President Trump.
Hahaha! The shit people fall for...
Right and wrong simply does not matter to these people, only progressive stack. Whoever is less privileged is right, whatever fits the narrative is right.
I'm glad you're having romantic fantasies about your future perfect life with the one you love, that's definitely the right attitude to have going into a marriage. But you know everybody thinks that, right? Gay or straight, male or female, every lovestruck person in history has been fantasizing like this. It's not a social issue, it's not political, you're in love, embrace it but don't think it makes you better than everyone else.
How about we see people as individuals instead of blaming them for the actions of categories...which is...you know, the hallmark argument of the SJWs.
"Such as"? How does a person prove consistency? How do you provide examples of a person NOT being a hypocrite? Find examples of them saying the same thing at different times? But...that's almost everybody on the planet! And the difference between this person and all those SJWs claiming they're being driven out of places for being feminists, is that she's actually right. You ARE trying to drive feminism out of this space. In a quite dedicated manner. You show up to shit on Liana every time she's brought up, you demand anyone who identifies as a feminist "be accountable" for all of the movement's sins to try to shame them into dropping the label, you outright accuse them of being part of a hate group...I know you get mad when I say you're doing the same thing as the SJWs, but this is all literally word for word from their playbook, denouncing people because they belong to categories, guilt by association, accusing people of being in hate groups...you are incredibly, RELENTLESSLY, hostile.
They're PANICKING now that they're facing more and more scrutiny and resistance, and the more they panic, the more extreme they get, which only makes them look worse in a vicious cycle. It's also fairly inevitable when you create a club in which any member who is too moderate is crucified, but there are no consequences for being too extreme, the overton window can only drift one way.
DMCA needs more stringent protections against abuse, and against the chilling effect of paranoid websites implementing informal DMCA systems with NO consequences for abuse.
Martinis are girly? Tell that to James Bond.
Twitter is not going to die, it has too dominant a market share in a niche of social media where it has no real competitors to take it down. Before people will start mass quitting Twitter, they need someplace to GO. That said, it's quite likely to fail as a corporation, get bought out and restructured, hopefully by people who have somewhat more regard for free speech, but that's a coin toss.
Like I said, feminist criticism as a broad school of thought (analysis of the role and station of women), not necessarily by people who self-identify as feminists and ascribe to the beliefs of the current feminist political movement. "Women should be allowed to vote" was, at one time, the current major feminist criticism of our society, and I think even most modern anti-feminists would agree they got that one right.
There is a difference between being accepting, and using your gay kid as an accessory to virtue signal how progressive you are.
Trust but verify, gonna need more proof of an allegation like this. However, let's not forget that whatever we may think of people like Milo and Allum, any good they are doing is basically IN SPITE of where they work, Breitbart, as an institution, is as corrupt, biased, clickbaity, sensationalist, and agenda pushing as any of the SJW rags, just on the other side. Whatever alliance of convenience we may have is with a few people who work there, not the site itself. In short, it would not even slightly surprise me if an allegation like this turned out to be true.
No it's Becky. They just love to turn random words into pretend slurs, don't they?
SJW entryism has been so thoroughly rebuffed by now that they can't even stop people from hijacking THEIR OWN narrative.
You....probably should be playing with both hands, don't be a feeder, scrub =P
Clearly, what we need is to make the art in things worse so that there's no way a straight man can be getting off on it!
When caught in a hypocrisy, SJWs always resort to the same formula, "We CAN'T be guilty, because REALLY, [bad thing] = power + [bad thing], and power must be institutional, systemic, and held as a class!" EVERYTHING is "power +", with power being defined in whatever arbitrary way prevents them from having it for the purposes of argument, no matter how much power they actually wield within a given sphere. In this case, it's "censorship = power + suppression of ideas", in which power must be governmental.
SJWs have basically lost all their power, more and more people are openly defying them, not caring what names they get called for it, and proving it has no impact.
This is illegal, this is overtly, OUTRAGEOUSLY illegal, a public college withholding people's education unless they're willing to disclose their sexual history? That's invasion of privacy!
So in other words, we just need to get the SJWs swole and this shit'll stop?
All fun is problematic, how dare you feel competitive at a competition?!
I'm sure somewhere there's a woman who can do it. Like, I'd love to see Ronda Rousey or someone like that try the IOC, I bet she could do it. But it's gonna be rare as fuck, I mean the overwhelming majority of men couldn't do that, and the upper body strength difference is just...real.
The punishment for this level of stupidity should be having Jar Jar come to life and follow you around being Jar Jar.
Good way to actually kill somebody...
You lost me when you said you were a hardboiled detective romance novelist martial artist....
Censorship? Is it censorship when we do it to SJW clickbait rags? Cuz that's what he runs, a clickbait rag. He's an unethical journalist and he shouldn't get ad revenue from his horseshit.
Seriously, it wouldn't surprise me if most people could never reach that level of fitness no matter how hard they trained, it's just above the level their bodies can reach.
That's called getting allies.
Honestly, some of the Smite Goddesses are tame compared to how they were actually drawn in their respective cultures. Okay hi-rez, I'll add this positive move to renewing support for tribes...now just uncensor Kali and we'll be good.
Bahahahaha! I'm so sorry Zoe, I guess being white you're just not good enough anymore. This is basically their remake of the SVU episode where they can "fix" the only thing they thought was really wrong with it, make the victim also the hero.
Fundamentally, the problem with SJWs is that they assume that you are "telling them how to feel" or something similar, if you give an opinion. Like, if you don't agree with them, you're putting your own opinion on some kind of special pedestal and ENFORCING it over theirs...but when they do the same thing they're not. They must be so fucking insecure.
Well, you're currently #5 and rising on the front page of KIA, so *I'm pretty sure you've succeeded in getting GG to pay attention*.
Yep, already happened, I think we got like a hundred new subs overnight already.
And put in the language of "white man's burden" no less. As if we didn't already know they were cultural gentrifiers.
Eh, this was a pretty brutal take on mods in general. While there are certainly some like this, I think the problem is often a far less sinister one. These people simply have no training. They're given essentially absolute power, sometimes over thousands of people, without so much as a handbook on leadership, fairness, or management. Between users constantly pleading with you to use your powers in some way that benefits them, often at the expense of another user, and your own (possibly misguided) efforts to grow and protect your community, it's very easy to go horribly astray, and often anyone not simply screaming obscenities at you for any perceived mistake is afraid to say anything you might take offense at.
Valid feminist games critique exists, diversity and broadening the appeal of gaming are in themselves worthwhile goals, and sometimes games fuck up on these topics in the most tasteless, tone deaf ways and I just cringe. Some call-outs are justified, we shouldn't act like there IS no right way to do these things just because we believe the other side is doing it the wrong way. When we start doing that, WE risk becoming the censors. Discovering statistics like that 93% of purchases on the Wii U e-shop are coming from men may prove some of our points, but we shouldn't act like that's a statistic to be PROUD of, if anything we should be wondering why that's the case and why so much money is being left on the table in untapped demographics, it's not even an equality issue, it's just a practicality issue, if we want game profits to keep up with game budgets, the hobby needs to keep growing. There ARE harassers and misogynists in GamerGate, look at Ralph Retort, we tolerated that asshole for a year and a half before finally realizing he's gone too far. He went too far from day one, we never should have let that kind of cancer fester, and he's not the only one. We're so afraid of being corrupted or infiltrated by censORS, we forget it's not the same thing to cenSURE, and that we're NOT the people who believe there are no bad tactics. We will eventually have to make peace with SOME form of feminism, even if and when we defeat the radical SJW types, feminism is not going to just go away in any of our lifetimes, nor should it. One day, hopefully, the day will come when both their movement and ours are no longer necessary, but we're just not quite there yet. If we want the culture war to end though, we're going to have to build compromise and consensus with moderates on the other side, and we're fools if we're blind to that or not willing to get into the nitty gritty of what a sex-positive but not sexIST gaming landscape might look like with them. Okay, I think that's all the things I usually get downvoted or jumped on for saying around here.
Be accurate and factual, point out the dangers of establishing a precedent of censorship, don't defend the game if you don't think it deserves defending, just describe the game accurately and defend its right to exist. If doing that would be the end of your career, then frankly you need a new career, because you will ultimately have to choose between accepting that fate, and being willing to lie for a living.
Where do I go to FIND people on the other side who are willing to talk? r/againstgamergate is pretty much dead...
Women have more SYMPATHY than men, and some types of legal proceedings favor them in *practical application*, but neither women nor men in modern American society actually have more rights under the letter of the law. Institutional sexism (and racism) no longer exists in the western world in an easily quantifiable, legally codified way, hence why people talk about an "invisible knapsack" of privilege...when it used to be a very visible knapsack in bygone days. It's about cultural stuff now, how people are raised, what they're taught to believe by the world around them...and in my experience, we're taught to CARE more about women, but we're taught to take men MORE SERIOUSLY, the cultural idea that women are fragile (SJWs sure believe that one...), emotional, and frivolous definitely endures...maybe in some places more than others, but let's remember that not everybody's living in a blue state, if you live in the bible belt and still grow up being taught that wives should submit to their husbands, you're gonna be predisposed to very different views than a coastal liberal. So in short, when it comes to the "hierarchy" of our society, it seems like it's easier for a woman to stay in the middle and avoid falling to the bottom, but it's easier for a man to get to the top. Which is better for the average person, more security or more opportunity? That's...a tough one. Different people will have different priorities on that, depends how ambitious you are, I think that's why modern feminism is so convinced men have it better...very politically minded and active people are likely to be more ambitious and thus prioritize opportunity over security. Who has it better? Have we reached rough parity? You can make arguments for all three positions backed up by good logic, but which is the BETTER argument? I...don't honestly know. But I DO know that until relatively recently in history, you very easily COULD have said that men had it better. Whatever parity we may have today is hard-won. So IMO, we still need feminism to EXIST, as a watchdog if nothing else, but I'm torn on whether we need significant further progress along a feminist agenda.
From what I understand they threw Brianna Wu out in the end, even they realized she was only out for herself. I think it's just a question of...if you identify as pro-GG, you're assumed to be evil, you're given no benefit of the doubt and presumed to be there in bad faith, the slightest deviation from their party line confirms that. But if you're part of the in-group, you're presumably a good person and given leeway. Fucking bias is all it is.
http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v304/anil_run2/for%20blogging/20110411%20Powergilr%201-12/pg07_05-1.jpg Not a video game, nor the best example because the writer who created this tends to use the bizarre situations Power Girl finds herself in for comedy rather than unironic titillation, but yes, it's possible for a character's behavior to clearly convey that, were they a real person, they would not be okay with being a fanservice pinup.
Hey, someone actually beat me to a Liana link! Excellent "Clarissa explains it all" for how we got into this mess and understanding what we're dealing with. If GG ever wanted to have a reference primer for how to talk to the other side, and how to tell the crazies from the ones WORTH talking to, this is shaping up to be it.
Why is it messed up when...well look at her behavior, her fashion choices, etc, Miranda HERSELF emphasizes her looks, those shots convey to the player the sex appeal her demeanor and presence would convey to characters within the world.
I believe her, honestly. Stress can make you more prone to health problems, the reason for that stress and legitimacy or lack thereof is immaterial. And the way she's been jetting all over the place and going to a million conventions full of con plague? I'd be shocked if she WASN'T running her immune system into the ground. She's had a busy fucking year and a half, in ways she could never have expected or been prepared for. And it's not like we haven't noticed, after E3 we were ALL making the observation that she looked exhausted, unfocused, she'd put on weight, her heart just didn't seem in it anymore...it was abundantly clear that fame was taking its toll. So yeah, I believe her, nothing about this story is fishy or doesn't track with what we've been able to see. She DOES seem to have perked back up in the last few months though, which is a good sign, I mean no rational person actually wishes physical illness on someone for videos on the internet. And I'm glad she's actually willing to account for herself and explain why her videos have been so late, that's...ethical. So get well soon Anita!
I never thought of her as flip-floppy, she's just neutral, she thinks both our side and theirs have certain good points. I've yet to see her directly waffle on a particular argument, short of actual new information coming to light.
It's called an election, we have an opportunity to peaceably revolt every couple years if we want to. Not that I'm against gun rights.
No, I literally do not understand how you can create the vagaries of human interaction and build a female character in a game who the player is allowed to romance and potentially sleep with, but whose affections cannot be guaranteed, who cannot be "solved" or "systemized" or boiled down to a set of repeatable tasks or random number rolls, who has true agency beyond the context of her story as a real, flesh and blood woman would, without creating an AI so advanced it's effectively sentient. Because this is the fundamental difference between us and a computer, we can't be reduced down to a set of quantifiable, predictable data, that's the essence of human free will. (CAN WE PLEASE NOT SIDETRACK INTO A MASSIVE PHILOSOPHY DEBATE ON WHETHER FREE WILL EXISTS?)
Surely now even the SJWs cannot argue this isn't censorship.
Oh for the love of God, how CAN it be done right then, if everyone's motives must be filtered through this deeply cynical lens?
Does the orgasm gap calculate as an average counting women who can have multiple orgasms? Is this determined by number of orgasms experienced, duration of orgasm, intensity of orgasm?
"Artistic media" vs "commercial media" is not a black and white dichotomy, it's a spectrum. Sure, there are some games that are nakedly business driven and creatively bankrupt cash grabs. And there are other games that DO, indeed, spring forth from the creative genius of one immensely talented person, and there's everything in between. I think it would be impossible to look at the thoughtfulness and attention to detail present in games like the Witcher series and not conclude that these games are labors of love, created by people intensely invested in the story they are telling.
Yes, but everything is sexualized by someone, everything is someone's fetish, but by the standards of western media, and despite its vaguely anime influenced art style, Overwatch is western media created primarily for a western audience, these two characters fall outside the mainstream "safe" range of female attractiveness. If they didn't, we'd see a lot more like them in other games.
Yes but *why should they*? Why should players be okay with wasting their time as some sort of...I dunno, sacrifice on the altar of feminism? Their pound of flesh to prove that they accept a woman's right to reject them? Why can't we just accept that a mentally sound person knows the difference between a real woman, and one made of pixels? And frankly, why would any player put in the effort and the risk involved in pursuing a REAL relationship with a REAL woman when they're dealing with a fictional one? And how is it in ANY WAY a good message to send to players, if you want so badly to send a message in the first place, that women are essentially...quite literally random, arbitrary, and unknowable? That just contributes to the stereotype of female irrationality. Lemme put it this way, would what you're suggesting be anything other than terrible game design in *any other situation*? In real life, it's not just the affections of a woman you can't count on, it's everything. There AREN'T any guarantees in life. What if in platformers, there was a random chance the game world would spawn a chasm that was simply too wide for the player to jump across by any means, permanently stopping their progress and ending the playthrough in failure? In RPGs there was a random chance one of the bosses would be statistically impossible for them to beat? Etc etc. I don't think much of anybody would accept that or think it's good game design. It's not the place of developers making ENTERTAINMENT products to teach their players lessons in humility, and most people don't really NEED to be taught those lessons. Your arbitrary frustration mechanic does not actually do anything to make video game women more like real women, they are still solvable systems that any player can work out on a spreadsheet and figure out a way to get the optimal result. You can still guarantee getting that result if you care enough. It's just one more hoop to jump through, and making the process slightly more annoying. Your original argument was that the problem with video game romances is that [correct set of inputs] always = [desired output], unlike a real woman. Your suggestion does not change that fact. Complicating, obfuscating, or requiring repetition of the set of inputs required doesn't change that eventually, if you care enough to bother, you will put in the correct set of inputs and get the desired output. Actually changing this would require a fundamental sea change in how computers are able to process and respond to user inputs.
It's horrifying to even think that it got as far as it did, that even though he was not found to have done anything wrong, he was already pre-emptively punished with staggering legal bills and years of restricted freedom, I won't call this justice prevailing, Mr. Elliott is still far from made whole. But at least it sets a precedent that will protect others in the future from similar injustice. Side note, but does anybody actually have the judge's full legal opinion and remarks available yet? I'm not an expert in Canadian law, but I'd love to read it.
You'd think the technology of the star wars universe would allow a trans person to more easily change their voice. I mean, somehow Hayden Christensen's voice changed into James Earl Jones...
Yeah, but what are the chances that both she AND TB, two entirely reasonable, very well informed people with significant resources at their disposal, who both say Fart has repeatedly contacted them and his behavior has been obsessive and scary, are BOTH being fooled by an incredibly elaborate false flag or misinterpreting him? Certainly the chances are less than 50%. Probably less than 10%, hell probably lower than that. Nevermind that if there's one thing that can be said for Fart, he's a good digger, if his story were true, he'd have found some proof of it by now. Is there enough evidence to convict beyond all reasonable doubt in a court of law? Not available to us, no. Is there enough evidence to personally conclude that Fart is probably a douche? Oh yeah, MORE than enough.
[No he's crazy](http://imgur.com/a/gjP77) The behavior on display here lines up exactly with everything Dodger and TB are saying about him.
Literally owning Kotaku and turning it into a GG hub WOULD kinda be the ultimate victory.... But it would be a pretty damn complicated thing to actually DO, even if Gawker and its properties didn't end up being gobbled up by that Russian oligarch or something.
I just don't understand how this is an issue when I pay taxes on things like aftershave. At least...I THINK I do...if hygiene products in general aren't subject to sales tax then there's no problem with this argument.
To be fair, those are some piss poor numbers for non-black minority groups. Why do some black activists have to steal EVERY racial issue and make it about blacks, even when blacks are the least affected minority by it?
Overweight?! OVERWEIGHT?! It's called the HUNGER games! These people are STARVING! It's already hard to believe Katniss would look like J Law, let alone....where does Liam Hemsworth get all his protein shakes in district 12?!
Okay, so if the cutoff point to "this is outside the bounds of normal play" is not modifying the game itself, where is it? At what point can you establish "normal gamers aren't going to go this far"? If there's anything I take from Dark Souls spawning an entire genre it's that gamers are quite happy to go pretty fucking far.
I don't think she phrased that comment very well if what she had in mind to say was "freedom isn't free", but it's fucking obvious from the context of her other tweets that she was not on the accusers side. Milo needs to fucking stop this shit, it's getting weird.
Do you have any actual proof of photoshopping? Any proof of ANY of your claims? The top comment directly refers to some of the women I referenced as other examples who clearly do not have breast implants. Well, Kim Kardashian doesn't have breast implants. Her ass is maybe more of an open question, but it's usually the boobs that get called unrealistic. Of course, they laser focused only on Kim, ignoring Diora Baird and Charlotte McKinney's clearly real breasts, which are even larger, on even thinner women. Here's the thing, nobody is claiming that the bodies of women like Sonya Blade, Harley Quinn, Lara Croft, etc aren't representative of like the top .001% of all women in terms of conventional attractiveness. But that's no different from their male counterparts, "sexualized", "power fantasy", whatever, in terms purely of their physical proportions, it's the same thing. You can make the argument that you would like to see greater diversity of body types, at least within reason (I am fundamentally against glorifying obesity, pointing to Roadhog and saying "they do it with men!" is not an excuse, honestly they probably shouldn't), you can make the argument that normal people should not be under social pressure to achieve such extremes of physical perfection, you can make the argument that we should be more aware as a society of the sheer amount of effort and full time commitment that goes into maintaining such a body, even if you're genetically lucky enough that it's possible for you. But please stop calling those bodies UNREALISTIC, because it's just simply not true, that's the wrong word, it conveys an inaccurate, unfair meaning. And please try to understand that for a lot of people, games are ABOUT that escapism, that power fantasy, they're about putting yourself in the shoes of an amazing badass and vicariously doing things that push the absolute limits of human capability if not flying wholesale into the realm of the superhuman and fantastical. These kinds of characters have prominently existed since at least ancient Sumeria. The Greeks called them Demigods, the Vikings called them Epic Heroes, we call them Superheroes, and unlike those past, more patriarchal cultures, we allow women to rise to that level alongside men, don't call us misogynists for doing that.
I mean, the evidence seems to suggest that yes they SHOULD, but I don't think they're gonna listen....
Time to cut off another head of the hydra, I'm not worried, DiGRA is a shadow of its former self thanks to us.
So, we've just reached the point where ANY bad thing, whether it's racism, censorship, bullying, harassment, rape, whatever, is [bad thing] = Power + [bad thing], with power being defined so that an SJW cannot have it no matter the circumstances.
It's also worth pointing out that his "Jesse sells out" videos tend to have MORE views than the average for his content, not less. Gamers will not punish you for taking brand deals if you're honest about it!
These people are like satire come to life!
They always eat themselves in the end.
Not that I expect Ghazi to make sense, but we're not on Ralph's side in this. Everybody who isn't part of a splinter group that literally describes themselves as a REVOLT against GG hates this fucker.
Wow, they literally hit all the buttons except Sunset of shilling for the clique.
Remember these people probably also think that installing a mod for skyrim constitutes "hacking" it.
We've gone from "1 in 5" to "1 in 4" to "1 in 3", and now it's finally "1 in 1".
For a second I thought you meant they'd ruined Journey THE GAME...which actually should be an SJW's ideal game, the protagonist is a woman in a burqa.
Thanks for proving our point!
If we're talking about Sarah Nyberg, no, I'm not gonna condemn the entire movement because a confessed pedophile got doxxed, we can quibble all day over exactly what got leaked by who and whether specific bits of information were too irrelevant to the credibility of this public figure to justify releasing, but no, one moment of excessive zeal that publicly embarrassed a person who has admitted to heinous and illegal activities is not even CLOSE to enough to outweigh all the good I believe GG has done.
1: So SHE says. She also described it as a good faith pitch in the same string of tweets she denounced it as an attempt to sneak past her radar. Leigh is not a great example of internal consistency, or honesty for that matter. 2: So what if some idiot on twitter brags? That doesn't mean the person who pitched the article shares their sentiment. GamerGate is probably like 100,000+ people, there's always gonna be a few being jackasses about any given thing.
I think that there is a point where consumer pressure becomes so deliberately organized, so ruthless in its tactics, and so fundamentally dishonest in the rhetoric its using to influence companies that it becomes censorship. Saying you don't like something and want it changed, even saying that very loudly, is one thing, calling it harmful society (with no evidence to support that), calling its creators bigots or abusers (with no evidence to support that), and trying to ruin them professionally until they do what you want is quite another. I also think there's something of a difference between customer feedback FROM ACTUAL CUSTOMERS, and pressure generated by external political groups, buying a product may not entitle you to control the direction of its development, but it should at least give you a bit more right to a say in the discussion thereof than someone who hasn't and never would, and thus isn't affected by it. What made the controversy over the mass effect 3 ending not censorship to me was a combination of the above (nobody tried to remove the game from sale, get anyone at Bioware fired, etc), the fact that said controversy was deeply tied to a greater discussion of EA's general business practices (such as cutting off significant parts of the product to sell as day one DLC), and there is a big difference between a developer's artistic IDEAS and their business practices, and the idea of false advertising. Bioware made big promises about the level of impact your choices over the course of the trilogy would have on the ending, and delivered the furthest thing from that. Yes, a creator has the right to create what they want...until they promise that what they created was something entirely different, and take your money under that pretext, then they have an obligation to have actually created what they told you they had. I also think there's a difference between wanting something ADDED to a product and wanting something SUBTRACTED. Saying a game's ending was abrupt and unsatisfying and you want more value for your money is not quite the same sentiment as saying you want something removed from a game so that no one can see the thing you don't like. Different motive, different fundamental concept. If people had asked Capcom to set a toggle for things like R. Mika's butt slap so they don't have to see it if they don't want to, there would never have been any serious objection. But that's not good enough for some people, they want it GONE, they're not content to ask for the material THEY want so THEY can have a good experience in the game, they want to control everyone else's experience too.
Gendered insults against women are based on a cultural ideal of what a woman should be like and look like, how she should express her femininity, and what is socially expected for her to do with her sexuality, so it's considered insulting to accuse her of failing to live up to these expectations. Gendered insults against men are based on a cultural ideal of what a man should be like and look like, how he should express his masculinity, and what is socially expected for him to do with his sexuality, so it's considered insulting to accuse him of failing to live up to these expectations. Calling a man a sissy is accusing him of acting in a way that is expected and encouraged for a woman (emotional, vulnerable, gentle), calling a woman a slut is accusing her of acting in a way that is expected and encouraged for a man (virile, sexually libertine). Women are called butch or mannish, men are called pussies and pansies. You insult a woman by calling her a whore, you insult a man by calling him a virgin, ironically, calling a woman a bitch is accusing her of masculine flaws (generally used to suggest she's pushy, argumentative, or domineering), and calling a man a bitch is accusing him of feminine flaws (generally used to suggest he's whiny, weak, or cowardly). The same meaning is meant in the stereotypical insults for both genders, "you're doing what THEY should do, not what WE should do!", and yet the insults towards women are misogyny and sexism, and the insults towards men are homophobia, or ALSO misogyny. That's a blatant double standard, it makes no sense, yes, you ARE stacking the linguistic deck to erase inconvenient victims. And that's not even COUNTING all of the insults feminists themselves are so fond of, neckbeard, creep, perv, egomaniac, entitled, "Nice Guy", etc that ARE about demonizing men for stereotypically masculine traits or behaviors.
Because my OP included questions about both ethics AND the "SJW menace". I mean what would I ask pro-GG people, at what point would you decide unethical journalism is actually okay? That's a ludicrous question not even worth posing IMO, even most of the antis answering this thread admit the problem of unethical journalism is real. GamerGate has always had a dual purpose. Yes there's the straight cut and dry journalistic ethics, and for some people that's all GG is about to them. I'm not one of them, I also care about the culture war, I think censorship is unethical and dangerous, I think false criminal allegations (FALSE, not pointing out that someone is a hypocrite because what they're doing is illegal by their own logic) are unethical and dangerous, etc. HUMAN ethics, not just professional ones. I think what your side does frequently goes beyond mean words and internet shenanigans. My side has done some questionable things, and frequently angsted about it. YOUR side has done considerably WORSE things and thrown out anyone who dared question them. It's not a boogeyman that does the same, it's a boogeyman that does much worse. What would you instead have us do? Splinter into a hundred tiny, ineffectual sub-groups that are each too small to accomplish anything and have to spend most of their time denouncing each other anyway? Allow our only truly free organizing hubs to be destroyed because of content we can't control, effectively decapitating our movement? If we assume, *just for the sake of argument* that your movement is bad and needs to be organized against, how could I or anyone else possibly engage in such organized resistance in an effective manner while adhering to the standards you are demanding? You call us hypocrites for not wanting to fight you with both hands tied behind our backs.
I see no point in continuing this discussion if you refuse to acknowledge a difference between content and business model. One is a question of free speech, the other is a question of free enterprise, the law, the history, the expectations surrounding these concepts are entirely different. And frankly, you may have observed what you consider sexism in games, but have you ever observed someone actually coming to real, physical harm because another person's attitudes were made more sexist by the content of a video game? I'm totally with you on making the internet less shitty (so long as those rules are applied evenhandedly to shitty people of all political stripes), I've observed that kind of shitty behavior too, on both sides. But the allegations people like Sarkeesian make that games are creating social problems are NOT observable to the average person, they REQUIRE scientific proof because they are scientific claims.
Oh, I do, but nothing gamergate has done, even in the way you've twisted it, even holds a candle to the three year legal nightmare SJWs put Gregory Allen Elliot through, for instance. Not even CLOSE.
And exactly what ethical rule did we break? Where is the ethical code against giving as good as one gets in an internet slapfight? The worst I'm seeing is "you were douchey to a couple people who were douchier to you first".
Oh, they want to geld us alright, that has an ironic double meaning in this situation.
Gamespot is cancer indeed. In fact, if the X-ray finds a spot anywhere it's likely cancer.
by now, the only one that surprises me is well-organized. Seriously, we're TERRIBLY organized, even when we're not deliberately TRYING to be leaderless!
By this logic, you're actually saying you don't think reddit's so sexist after all.
The Mary Sue is just clickbait, they go beyond politically correct and into some kind of bizarre vendetta.
Wait, since when does their definition of cultural appropriation make it possible for black people to do it?
There is a difference between saying it was cancelled because too many girls liked it, and saying it was cancelled because not enough boys did. They didn't do it because "girls are icky", if their female fans had went and bought the fucking toys they'd have been perfectly happy to leave it alone.
never EVER good enough. No, curvy barbie is fine, glorifying obesity is not.
They want engaging in entirely legal political activity to support the frontrunner of one of the two major parties to be grounds to fire someone, that's INSANITY.
It was fucking centuries ago, and even over hundreds of years it accounted for a few tens of thousands of deaths, rather than the systematic extermination of millions. If we sat around mourning every historical injustice no matter how distant, we'd never get to stop crying.
Reported for rule 1, approved, abuse of the word "literally" is sadly too common these days to take literally.
Maybe if when these refugees get accused of crimes, instead of calling us racists, you could apply some scrutiny of your own and produce actual evidence that the accusation is bullshit, you'd have a point, but that never seems to be the way your side wants to go about it, which kinda says something.
Rule 1, if you have actual evidence of doxxing, that's relevant to the discussion, but direct personal accusations with no proof are not okay.
So have a lot of groups, including nerds, but if it said rabid fanboys, nobody would be demanding it change. You just want to make this about "punching up", but frankly, any group in a position to dictate what qualifies as "up" and "down" in the first place seems very "up" themselves in my book. Feminism has become an establishment ideology, it's espoused by heads of state and can get private citizens in the door at the UN, it's time it accepted its own power.
Certainly, it can be annoying when a person wants to argue a point to death and won't go away until they exhaust you into agreeing with them. But that's what a block function is for. Certainly, if they keep finding ways to get around the block and trying to get your attention anyway, it can eventually reach the point of actual harassment, but few "sea lions" are that dedicated.
[The National Post](http://archive.is/OihEr) [The Mary Sue](https://archive.is/aSTjk) [The Guardian](https://archive.is/BpgoJ) [Vox](http://archive.is/OJuwq) All of my top results on a google news search for the topic, all running the sexism/misogyny/shame angle in an extremely one sided way, nobody principally arguing, or as far as I could find even mentioning, an obligation to political neutrality. There's nothing neutral about ANY of these articles, in what they're calling for or their own content. So yes, that IS the argument they are making.
Do we know that she actually did or is that just an assumption? Because it just looks like screaming tantrum to me.
I'll take the "first win against SJWs", but I blame the SJWs themselves for Trump.
He doesn't. But the ridiculousness of "progressive stack" thinking is on full display here. Muslims can rape women en masse in the streets and, as long as the women are white, criticizing them is Islamophobia, but they say something homophobic (on a day when gay people are still considered oppressed, which is Mondays, Thursdays, and every other Saturday), and all that talk about how we have to "respect Muslims different cultural values" or we're being "imperialist neo-colonialist racists" or whatever suddenly vanishes.
This has literally been front page news all over the place today, and they're saying it's not news?
This man is not relevant to anything anymore, even Anita kicked him to the curb.
Apparently he's mad people on the sub were attacking him and spreading lies, sub mods should be more on that kinda shit.
http://collider.com/x-men-apocalypse-olivia-munn-psylocke/ She apparently nitpicked it and made them give her a comics-accurate one.
This is the kind of "Galbrush paradox" catch 22 that holds BACK female and minority representation in media. Feminists demand active, significant female roles in action-driven media, they want female characters to be respected in those stories for their coolness rather than just their hotness, the way the men are, people like Anita demand female enemies in video games, etc. But when equality is then GIVEN, there's a shitstorm about "violence against women", and in this case, Anita herself has jumped on that, so it's not just "different people think different things", it's one of the major thought-leaders within the movement being overtly unpleasable and contradictory. People see action movies largely for...well...the action. If the fighting sucks, chances are the movie will suck. If feminists demand more female representation in these movies, then want women to be treated with kid gloves, you'll just get more examples of things like the Ghostbusters drama or the Rey drama, people will assume that a movie trying to be feminist will end up making it a worse movie, because all the fighting scenes will be neutered or one-sided to avoid controversy, and the female characters will be Mary Sues who don't have to earn their stripes the way the guys do, and they will react to those movies badly. Those characters will then continue to be seen as "decorative" rather than "functional", and not respected, because nothing they do will feel earned when everybody knows their opponents had to fight with their hands tied because nothing bad is allowed to happen to them. The measure of a hero is what they are able to overcome, after all. And then we'll be called sexist for not liking feminist movies. I'm glad actual female fighters, who HAVE earned their badass reputation in real life, come out against this sort of shit, and [set such a good example for how to make a warrior woman character people will respect in their own movies](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FF6a-XZEm0o). &gt; How would you answer that 9 year old that asked her dad why is that monster man committing violence against a woman? "Because he's evil and she's trying to stop his evil plan. But don't worry, the good guys will kick his butt." All that said however, quite frankly I think that alleged quote is a complete fabrication, it's just too...juxtaposed in its word choice. Half of it is someone's attempt at sounding as childish as possible (monster man? Really? You're saying kids today haven't heard of mutants?), and the other half is academic feminist jargon that would not come naturally to a child. You expect me to believe a kid who calls Apocalypse a "monster man" is gonna then say "committing violence against a woman"? That's just not believable, it comes off as one of those "and then I got a standing ovation and Albert Einstein gave me a hundred bucks" stories. Not sure if I'd let a nine year old see this movie though, the mind battle scene between Xavier and Apocalypse is pretty brutal and bloody. And there's a few other scenes where people get ripped apart in gorey ways. Depends on the maturity of said nine year old I guess. &gt; Devin Faraci can't think of a marketing image like this using two men, can you think of one? Easily. This kind of "hero being menaced or tormented by villain" marketing image is a staple of the comic book tradition from which this movie draws. Here's a half dozen examples with just one character: http://goodcomics.comicbookresources.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/batcover3.jpg http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/519Q8xLraaL._SY344_BO1,204,203,200_.jpg http://img4.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20141217195609/marvel_dc/images/6/65/Batman_Vol_2_37_Kubert_Variant.jpg http://www.thirdeyecomics.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/justiceleagueamerica1.6.3.15.jpg http://www.toonzone.net/comics/images/images/solicitations/2015-07/DC/Joker-endgame_Cv.jpg http://i.newsarama.com/images/i/000/143/946/original/batman39-var.jpg And, bonus, one where he himself gets the same treatment in his own book: http://popculture.mearsonlineauctions.com/ItemImages/000045/45377a_lg.jpeg &gt; Why do you think this particular image was chosen to be on the billboard as opposed to any other frame from the movie? Because Lawrence is the most bankable star and the studio feels that showing her in peril will generate the most emotional investment and interest. &gt; If you have seen X-men:A, what did you think of it? It was decent. There were some good scenes, Quicksilver's mansion rescue, Jean's full Phoenix moment (redeemed her shitty showing as Phoenix in X3), Wolverine's cameo, but some other stuff felt rushed and a few characters hogged the plot while everybody else was window dressing, and let's face it, a lot of shit in that movie made no sense and "Magneto almost destroys the world cuz he's pissed, then gets talked down at the last second and everybody's still friends with him like nothing happened" is getting awful old. He needs to either have some fucking growth as a character by now or face some real consequences for being such a dipshit. And Magneto has been my favorite mutant since I was five, so I don't say that lightly.
The other one wasn't even just lacking context, it was flat out edited.
I also don't want companies using their influence to try to manipulate elections. These sites advertise themselves as digital public squares, open platforms of communication, they have SOME responsibility to actually then BE that, and the more central social media becomes to our lives and culture, the more power it has, the more its openness is gonna have to be protected.
So in other words, it's okay to be mad, but not to DO anything about it.
I was afraid she'd ruin it.
The first the developer admitted was no coordinated attack by GamerGate or anyone else, just fan feedback that the character was badly handled. The second and third were in no way independent artistic decisions, they were reactions to moral panic. You have no examples of GG attempting to do ANYTHING to change any artistic decision that was not FIRST changed in response to accusations of some form of bigotry, or to ask for anything more than its reversion to its original form. And no, expressing frustration with direct attacks and insults to GamerGate or gamers in general is not an example. No, objecting to a glorified translater's butchery of someone else's work is not an example.
Remember when "permissiveness" was the religious right's boogeyman?
Ultimately, Anita is their big gun, she's the person who can get on mainstream TV and shit, until someone else comes along who can get them that level of exposure and good press, Anita's safe. And that person isn't gonna be Rapp, not with her history of hooking and defending pedophilia. Only one of those things SHOULD be held against her, but the world is still full of slut shaming.
So what you're saying is you don't have to prove harm, you can argue something else, and then claim harm anyway, doing an end-run around your burden of proof. No. Whether it's direct or indirect, you still have to establish that harm is somehow happening, or you have no business arguing it as a political issue instead of a preference. Anita frames her arguments as "let me explain how this is a social problem that's bad for women as a class", so it's entirely valid to ask what harm, specifically, is being done, and how you connect those dots. No amount of playing cute little intellectual games of "how can I frame the wording of this to say it without saying it" changes that.
None of which addressed my point that she's arguing harm while you insist it's unfair to ask that harm then be proven, or at least explained. Are you saying Anita is not arguing that what she criticizes is causing harm? If you acknowledge that she is, how the hell is it unfair or leading to ask how?
NECESSARILY? No. But to put it bluntly, a lot of Olivia Munn's older work gave me a sense that the people making it figured the audience would come back time after time hoping and praying that maybe THIS TIME she'd take her top off or something, when obviously she was never actually going to do anything more than innuendo and maid outfits. I don't like when Hollywood seems to think that because I'm a male nerd, I must be so desperate it'll make me gullible.
Your goalposts for what constitutes "trying to take our games away" are either ridiculous literalism, or disingenuous. No, nobody is actually going to declare titty games illegal contraband, possession or distribution of which carries criminal penalties. But SJWs HAVE tried to pressure developers into not making them (through coercive tactics like unproven allegations of harm and bigotry and attacking the jobs of those who don't comply), pressure stores into refusing to stock them, manipulate tax codes to make it financially disadvantageous to make them, etc. The INTENT is to make those games go away, to reduce their availability by making the consumer jump through more and more hoops to get them, limiting their visibility, smearing them, and otherwise trying to reduce their accessibility and profitability in the hope that developers will be shamed, cowed, or forced by artificially engineered economic circumstances to stop producing them. So in the most literal, technical sense of it, nobody has proposed coming to someone's house and physically wrenching a game disc out of their hands, but making us not have games of that nature in the future is absolutely the spirit of the endeavor.
SJW-ism is just the politicization of high school meangirling and jealousy. It's a way for unattractive women to tear down the attractive women they feel threatened by and the men who like them, or at least who admit they like them. "You're a traitor to womanhood if your hotness makes me look ugly next to you, so take one for the team and cover up so I can have a chance".
Pardon me if your username makes me think there might be a little bit of bias involved...
I don't think that's going to go anywhere, I mean their conduct was so irresponsible, making jokes about 4 year olds in depositions, disobeying court orders, they don't have a strong first amendment argument, I mean no court has every held that sex tapes are legitimate news, and they've just made such a shitty case at trial.
Actually, if you're dealing with a master vampire, you have to stake it through the heart (white ash wood is preferred), cut off its head, fill its mouth with communion wafers, burn the head and the body apart from each other, and bury them separately on holy ground, complete dismemberment is not necessary, no, Twilight doesn't count.
So what you're saying is GamerGate believes in PRINCIPLES. Uniform standards of behavior to which everyone is expected to adhere. You're just not living in the real world, society does not allow individuals to just decide "well this abhorrent tactic is justified when I do it", that's vigilante justice. We expect everyone to adhere to certain rules and limits on their behavior, we don't just let THEM be the judges of when it's okay to break those rules because "they're RIGHT". EVERYBODY thinks they're right!
Guns are an effective way to kill large numbers of people very quickly. If he'd been waving knives around instead, it's almost certain many of his victims would have escaped with their lives. The question is just whether gun control laws would actually achieve that reality, or just result in people like this getting guns illegally anyway, I suspect the latter.
&gt; I'm just going to assume that moral rules like "don't threaten to rape and kill women for expressing feminist ideas" are right for the purposes of /r/ggdiscussion. Holy strawmans Batman! Can you find me even ONE provable GamerGater who's on record saying it is or overtly doing so? Every rational person knows this to be the case, GamerGaters simply refuse to stop talking about unrelated matters that are inconvenient for progressives because a few assholes did this, nor be held accountable for behavior we did not commit or endorse ourselves. &gt; You're delusional. NOW alone has over 500000 contributing members which dwarfs even the most optimistic numbers for GamerGaters. And only 17% of the population identifies as feminists. Widening the scope of the category in question will not help your argument, I can just widen it further, and at the broadest societal level, I still come out ahead. The relevant matter is that within the gaming community, whenever a comments section is open, we dominate it, whenever a poll is up, we win it, usually like 9 to 1, you need draconian censorship measures to try to take control of public conversation away from us, and even then there are usually too many of us for moderators to shut us up. You are a TINY vocal minority within gaming, and less than 1 in 5 in broader society. By what right do you claim the moral authority to decide when your own tactics are justified, absent any consistent rules? &gt; Drama llama much? GamerGate is being ignored or mocked and chaos and tyranny have, unsurprisingly, totally failed to ensue. I can't speak to what's going on in the parallel universe where any of this is the case, in THIS universe, SJWs have become a laughing stock over the past two years, and your madness has driven so many people into the arms of your opposition you've managed to turn Trump from joke candidate to nominee.
I think this is referring to some GGer, I can't remember who, that had Thompson on a youtube interview last year to point out that EVEN HE thinks Anita is a censor. Not that I expect these people to grasp context.
We live in a post-fappening world because we've become so conditioned by reality TV, fake leaks that propel "celebutants" to fame, and the tabloidification of the "legitimate" media to see everything as the public's business and tell ourselves that we're not REALLY violating anyone's privacy, it's all fake, they must leak it themselves for attention! And to this day, I have genuine doubts about a lot of the fappening stuff, this culture of intrusion has made me so cynical I think it's well within the realm of plausibility that celebrities take such pictures and keep them on their phones deliberately anticipating the possibility of a hack. The Hulk thing gave me something of a wakeup call that it's NOT always fake, that some people feel so honestly violated by it they'll go to the ends of the earth trying to avenge it. I'm generally a pretty free market guy too, but when what's being sold is the violation of others....well we have the law for a reason, to put the brakes on us when we need it, to stop our society from going down degrading, soul-sucking paths like that. Revenge porn is illegal in 34 states, I'd like to see it become 50, and I don't want to see grounds created for those laws to be challenged. I know in practicality it's difficult to fully STOP things from being put on the internet and spread around, but at least the law, the POSSIBILITY of consequences (and at least for ordinary people, it's not always as hard to track down the person who leaked the porn, it's usually the significant other who helped make it, and had access to it.) can act as a deterrent, can stop our society from embracing it, accepting it as normal, we can maybe, hopefully stop community standards from shifting to the point where we really have created, if not a "rape culture", something similar for the lesser but still awful violation of having your most intimate moments broadcast by people who take joy in seeing you disgraced.
And the most cringe avatar.
