That is what I was thinking. That the White Walker would freeze the bay and send the howling undead hoards after the boats.
Most likely to be wheelchair accessible.
My 40 year old friend in Colorado posted this to his timeline. I will start with the obvious. Cutting off a person's welfare check would be a violation of the 1st amendment. Secondly the racist is angle is incredible. Not all black people in the US are receiving welfare benefits. Sigh...
But capitalism...
One of the most horrible nights of my life. I had to watch standard cable.
Yeah the best part. When I call him on being racist he says that he can't help it he is from the "South". I point out that Colorado wasn't a state until 1876. Well after the Civil War.
That is what I tell my friend when he starts in with that shit. He doesn't bring it up around me much anymore.
Yes. At least I would think that would be a first amendment violation.
I had some Simpson's game for a short time. It was when my phone started yelling at me to come play in Homer Simpson's voice that I uninstalled and deleted the app.
You should tell her that you want to prevent future cheating by having an open relationship. Than bring home a second girlfriend. I wonder how quick the shit would hit that fan in that case.
Reading the reviews for this movie. It sounds like Cameron Crowe has a lot more to apologize for than the casting of Emma Stone.
I would leave him alone. He might freeze your head.
The Lufftwaffe was largely destroyed by D-Day. The Pointblank plan had been conceived and instituted in early 1943. This was a joint Anglo-American campaign to the destroy the Lufftwaffe and German industrial targets. Pointblank was very successful in depleting the Luftwaffe. Eisenhower promised his troops that any aircraft they would see would be allied aircraft. A promise that for the most part was true. Essentially allied forces had depleted the Luftwaffe to near inoperable levels and rule the skies of Fortress Europe. Source: D-Day the invasion of Normandy June 6, 1944, Randy Holderfield &amp; Michael J. Varhola.
I think she meant to say most Fox News polls show the world has a "lower regard".
I am on the US west coast. I have not seen a digital price tag anywhere. Would make sense.
I was pretty disappointed that the wrote Stannis sacrificing his daughter into the script. I think that Stannis would never have done that and that it was out of character for him.
Stannis typically killed those who had broken a law or otherwise were wrong. Renley was not next in line for succession to the Iron Throne. Yet he was trying to claim the kingship for himself. Yes He killed countless others. He typically is a harsh man who will force those guilty of crimes to face punishment. Consider good Sir Davos. Sacrificing his daughter to the Red God is out of character IMO.
Wow and they did it poorly as well. It is possible to change just the hair color without changing the rest of the image. In this case the designer just altered the whole image and not just the hair color. I have worked in commercial printing. We often would change a small portion of an image to show the different colors that the product came in instead of taking multiple pictures.
Don't disillusion the racists.
Can't say I blame him for making this choice. A bullet to the head beats weeks of torture and a slow beheading or being burned alive in my book.
Come for the donuts. Stay for the revolution.
I gave you an upvote for being honest about liking "The Village". No go be ashamed of yourself in the corner.
I remember all the little signs that pointed to Bruce Willis being dead. My main problem with signs was that water was acid to the aliens. The ending just went off the rails in my opinion.
I think there is also a natural desire to explain the world around us. Religion would provide clues to our origin and why the world works the way it does.
I agree with you. I do think that we naturally need to believe in something. Religion or otherwise. I would suspect it is part of trying to understand our place in the universe.
If you look at the world wide population as a whole. Caucasians are a minority. So I would imagine that they will be a minority in heaven. Thus the answer is yes there will be minorities in heaven.
The problem is you think that rich people are affected by the same laws as the rest of us.
The next post from these people should be about all the loafers on welfare. Never mind that so many minimum wage people use SNAP and other programs to make ends meet.
I am not sure why a study needed to be done on this topic. Seems like it is an obvious conclusion.
When your history lessons come from Rush Limbaugh and Glenn Beck. You have to expect a few things will get skipped.
Cthulu for President. Why vote for the lesser evil?
I had to use crutches for a short time after knee surgery. I completely understand the urge to chuck them in the trash.
This guy is turning into an angry old man way too soon.
Chainsaw would fix that.
The term your looking for is Oligarchy. Welcome to the new political shift in America.
I gave you an upvote. Maybe people didn't recognize the song title. Besides. We've got bigger problems now.
For a god of light who is supposed to chase away the terrors of the dark. The Red God sure requires some pretty terrible sacrifices.
Upvote for the picture of Al Bundy.
Aluminum or any other non-ferrous metal.
Hell I am white and got hassled by a woman in an expensive area in the middle of the day because I was parked on the street in my car. My job has me driving around to visit people in their homes. Sometimes if I am early or need a break. I will take a few minutes and play a game on my phone or read a book. One day as I was doing this. A woman pulls out of her driveway. I was parked in front of her house and asks me if I need help. I told her I was fine. After a couple more questions. She then told me they had a neighbor watch in effect. I responded that I would keep an eye out for suspicious behavior. She drove off at that point.
Does the rate include your own pit or would I have to share?
I think you better touch it to make sure it is transmitting a charge.
It might be an all inclusive package.
Because we wouldn't be a representative democracy at that point. The system of government you are outlining is referred to as an Oligarchy. The de facto system we have in place now. If you really want to understand why it would be bad. Read up on the history post civil war up until the end of the great depression. Pay particular attention to the rise of the union movement and the "robber barons".
It would basically end up and Oligarchy. Voting and power would be consolidated into a handful of wealthy families. Politicians would be elected to serve who serve the interests of a small portion of the population. Laws would be passed that only serve a very narrow interest of wealth and money. Much like the system we have in place now.
Last year when it was looking like the hawks were going to lose the NFC championship to Green Bay. I told by my father in law that being a Mariners fan has prepared me for disappointment.
Hey Dan Savage himself said that with pot and gay marriage legalized in Washington State. He wasn't really sure what to with the Stranger.
I knew a guy who was on LSTs. He said it stood for launch slow target.
Not the same thing. Also being on LSD while storming the beaches of Normandy or Guam would have been a bad idea. It would have been historically impossible as well.
My Father in law who lives near Detroit says that he won't go through the Detroit city limits without a gun. Too Dangerous. I am guessing he meant some of the area around the city as well.
Hopefully they will get things turned around. I know the new Mayor is working on getting investment set up in the city of Detroit and it seems like a lot of the citizens would like to have a better city.
Don't look at me. I have been trying to figure out for years where to turn in my application for millionaire playboy.
I don't know man. The little one looks shifty as hell.
As far as I can tell most of the white ones. A little less incest might help your family trees.
Developers have been doing this all over Seattle as well. You will have a street full of older craftsman style houses. Then bam on ultra-modern zero lot line house.
Let's see firing upon a US military installation. I wonder what is going to happen after that. Please don't breed. You are not needed in the gene pool.
Damn you fucktards are stupid. Fort Sumter wasn't in a "foreign country". It was in the US. Perhaps a geography course would be in order for you.
I am surprised they didn't use the photo of W holding hands with the king of Saudi Arabia. That wasn't very presidential.
Get over yourself and get your teeth fixed. The South is a bunch of whinny bitches that lost and now we have deal with you stupid shits. You lost the fucking war that you tried to start with the US. There is no grand heritage. The Stars and Bars is a symbol of a slavery and treason. No amount of historical revision will ever fix that.
And conspiracy theories start on 3...2...1. On a serious note my condolences to his family. May they find peace.
Perhaps he personally wants to check for the terrible crime. I know it is a lot to take on, but for the sake of humanity someone has too.
What if the values you are raised with say that one person is better or more valuable than another person based on the color of their skin?
That and South Carolina flies the confederate flag on the state grounds. While all of the other flags were lowered to half-mast after the shooting. The Confederate flag was not lowered. In their defense it takes a special legal vote of the state legislature to lower that flag. Still it appears to be a real dick move after the racially motivated killings of nine blacks.
That was my first thought as well. Seems like Breitbart panders to the absolute worst side of the conservative mindset.
Well found my spot to survive the zombie apocalypse.
I think that is a somewhat apt comparison. However at the time of Lincoln's election. I don't think any new laws concerning slavery had been passed. Much of the reason for secession was based on a worry that laws outlawing slavery would be passed by a northern government unfamiliar with the "peculiar institution" of slavery. I think they had a right to be worried as well. The abolitionist movement had been gaining steam and the underground railroad that moved slaves from the southern part of the country to Canada was in full effect. This might be a good question to bounce over to /r/askhistorians. If we can keep the conversation to historical fact it might prove illuminating.
Oh it will come. Don't think for a moment that Bethesda will give up that revenue stream.
I am just waiting for the zombies to wade out of the water.
If they were alive today they would be some sort of immortal being and very suspect in my opinion.
Nice. I saw them at Memorial Stadium in '95. Freaking awesome show.
I just read that Sarah Palin got dumped by Fox News. I am thinking the Palin star is fading fast at this point.
But the debate over immigration is primarily of Hispanics coming to the US. When someone says illegal immigrant what is the first image that pops into your mind? Regardless of whether this was meant in a racial way or not. The issue is deeply tied in with race at this point.
They could save money by not eating out twice a week that is for sure. As for the phone and some of the other stuff. Sometimes people save up to buy something special or get a gift. Thus they may not be part of the problem.
I don't recall life being fair.
He wasn't and it is a stupid question. Now go sit in the corner and be ashamed.
I have about 2 minutes max in that sub before I want to go and stab my eyes out with a pen.
Don't forget that Canada has that scary socialized medicine complete with death panels. Source my ass.
I like the other part of the logic that getting into the undisturbed tomb is really hard. Yet a convenient exit straight to the street exists. Looking at you Assassin's Creed.
That was my first thought. Pow right in boys.
Please don't cloud the issue with facts.
Well that has got to be a niche market.
But blacks need to get over the whole slavery thing.
Given the mess in Europe at the end of WWII. I can't blame the POWs for wanting to stay. Canada didn't get bombed back to the stone age during the war.
Bookmarking this page. I have read some of these books but not all of them. Loved Snow Crash, though I think Diamond Age is in many ways a better story. Neuromancer obviously, but they should have included Burning Chrome. Looking forward to checking out some of the other books on this list.
I especially like the line about stop living in the past were weren't born in. Umm a little projection their guys?
I was wondering that myself. They use the term homofacism while having the communist hammer and sickle included on image. I guess just throwing as much stuff against the wall to see what sticks.
There is also no actual citation that the photos shown actually correspond with where they were supposedly taken. Additionally if you area running an elaborate psyop. It seems like you would not use the same actors.
I thought it was the Rothschilds in league with the lizard people?
I don't know a lot about your LePage, but he sounds like a real piece of work. I read this article about him a few days ago. I don't think he is just kidding that much. http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/the-fix/wp/2015/06/25/paul-lepage-really-doesnt-like-journalists/
I suspect with Melisandre recently returned to the Wall the John will be resurrected by her.
How do I get that job?
Plenty of places to make poor choices on Aurora Ave North.
The movie largely got panned by the critics and ignored by audiences. Personally I always liked this move for making fun of Hollywood action flicks. I think most people didn't get the joke that Arnie was trying to make.
Had a mom bring in her teenage daughter to get passport photos. The girl was on the phone. The mom asked me to take the photos. I responded sure as soon as she is ready and went to help the next customer. When I took the photo. The girl immediately pulled her cell phone out of her pocket and resumed the conversation.
The French also hesitated to attack when the pikes set up. This gave time for the pikemen to get into place.
The Nazis also staged a few false flag attacks to make it appear that the Polish were attacking German interests. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gleiwitz_incident
Best bet by law enforcement is to turn of the water and power and wait until the food runs out. See how long they will stand on principle with empty bellies.
I can hear the conversation now. Dang it Cletus you were supposed to pack the food. Better get on the facebook and ask for help.
That is a u-boat captains worst nightmare.
Morocco Mexico. Close enough. They both start with an M.
Nope that proves the lizard people are involved.
Pretty sure the occupy wall street movement wasn't made up of gun toting idiots stating they were willing to kill and die for the public land they occupied.
I think it was him saying all Mexicans are rapists and all Muslims are violent terrorists that caused people to call him a racist. Plus the enthusiastic support of the [white nationalists](http://www.npr.org/2015/09/03/437195328/how-white-nationalist-groups-found-their-candidate-in-donald-trump) may have confused the issues.
They don't even want the land. They want to be able to use the land free of charge, and not have to worry about any damage to the land.
My favorite on a long drive when I get drowsy is to pull over and stretch my legs. It can be so easy to start feeling like our nodding off and so dangerous.
Whatever makes you happy.
I am disappointed that the Westboro Baptist Church hasn't announced plans to picket Lemmy's funeral.
Let's hope you brush your face. I think shaving your teeth could lead to and urgent care visit.
Nixon was implicated in a break in of the Democratic National committee at the Watergate Hotel. Nixon and his administration later tried to deflect and end the investigation into the break in. After a lengthy investigation and some bitter court battles Nixon was forced to release taped conversations that indicated he was aware of and had authorized the break in. Facing near certain impeachment Nixon chose to resign and was pardoned for any crimes he may have committed by Gerald Ford who took over the office of the President after Nixon's resignation. [Summary of the Watergate Scandal](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Watergate_scandal)
The Benghazi investigation has been going on for what 3 years now. If they haven't uncovered anything at this point. I doubt anything new will suddenly appear. Talk about beating a dead horse.
it means we need Maxwell Smart with his shoe phone on the case.
There are a lot of people who agree with him.
The only debate over Obama's place of birth is from the far right crowd who hate him. The majority of the people believe Obama was born in Hawaii just as his birth certificate states.
Hawaii became a US territory in 1898. Unless Obama is Nosferatu, He was born long after 1898.
Knowing Obama he would deny that he is Nosferatu. Since you can't trust the guy he must be since he would be lying.
Sounds like they life vests were designed by Trump.
The problem is most people end up voting for the person the dislike the least.
How are they defending the constitution by demanding free use of public lands to make money?
No the writer is stating we should stop arresting refugees for terrorism. I am not sure why they would prefer those attacks to happen but whatever.
But it seems like such a good idea when you are staggering around drunk.
You will be banned and your post deleted faster than a tea bagger eating a dozen Krispy Kremes.
Where I live you can't fry things in lard and sell them anymore. They put a ban on using those types of fats an oils to cook. You can use them at home but a business cannot.
The sad part, any person with halfway decent Photoshop knowledge can make a mask and change just the dress color. But no the company had to choose the cheap option.
Isn't Trump consistently trailing in polls that discuss the general election?
[This](http://dilbert.com/strip/2008-11-02) was one of my favorite Dilbert strips.
This is the cheap option. They color corrected the entire image instead of creating a mask. A mask in Photoshop allows for color correction of one segment of the image. The person responsible for changing the dress color clearly doesn't know how to make a mask. This is why paying a little extra for to a graphic designer can be a good idea. Then you don't have the She-Hulk wearing a purple dress.
That is terrible.
I don't think Scott Adams did that one.
Shhhhh don't disillusion the conservatives.
I remember being so happy when I got a 10GB hard drive in the late 90's. God how things have changed. Edit:10GB not MB
Meant 10 GB hard drive.
That has to be a stolen ID. There is no way that woman is 36. She looks closer to 50.
This from the people who want to change the 14th amendment to prevent "anchor babies".
That is pretty close to spot on. Made me laugh at least.
The comic is most likely from the UK. Tories and Labour are two of the major political parties.
I think the shoes really complete the outfit.
Not as odd as you might think. [Odin](http://thevikingworld.pbworks.com/w/page/3917372/The%20Role%20of%20Odinism%20in%20Contemporary%20White%20Supremacist%20Movements) worship has become part of some white nationalist movements.
I use improved feint with my unchained rogue. It works well as far as eliminating your opponents dex bonus so you get sneak attack damage. What I didn't do was TWF. I didn't like the minuses I received on the second attack. I am working on [Dodge](http://www.d20pfsrd.com/feats/combat-feats/dodge-combat---final) and [mobility](http://www.d20pfsrd.com/feats/combat-feats/mobility-combat---final) feat. I want to get [spring attack](http://www.d20pfsrd.com/feats/combat-feats/spring-attack-combat---final). This will allow me to flank, attack and move back. Since I tend to be squishy when hit.
I think this has to do with money. Candidates like Cruz and Clinton have a great deal of support from the moneyed elite. They both will help shape US policy for to benefit Wall Street and the 1%. Those same people have a lot of media control as well. It can be easy to push the narrative you want when you control the information.
I am a little surprised that Cruz didn't go into televangelism. He seems like the perfect sort for it.
There is a also a lot of talking heads who push the whole watch out for the poor and thugs. They are coming to take your guns and money.
I think the best part was that the police spent a month or more on "undercover" operations to catch them. Really a month to tell they were doing something wrong?
We typically read in English from left to right. This has been the established reading method for some time. Leaving words out of order changes how we read. It isn't impossible to understand but it can seem disjointed and odd sometime.
I don't much about his family history. Aside from his dad was from Cuba, and ended up in Canada married to his mom who is American.
Maybe he and Rush can head to Costa Rica together. I can see it now. Bill and Rush's excellent adventure.
Cause the police will totally know you are a good guy with a gun. So you won't get shot by them.
You should look into getting a French Press. One of my favorite ways of making coffee.
Marxism and Islam don't have anything to do with each other. In fact they would be incompatible.
I had a guy do this one time. He was paying for like $10.00 worth of stuff with a hundred dollar bill. He was the first customer of the day, and we started with $75.00 in the till. The assistant manager on duty broke the bill so he could pay.
I want to see both of them crying.
So far I have done little of the main quest. I suppose I ought to get around too it sooner or later.
I am unfamiliar with the term wazzock. Can someone explain?
Thank you. It was a term I haven't heard before.
Knowing four Bowie songs is still better than the 20 somethings when Jerry Garcia died. Most of them knew Trucking and sometimes Touch of Gray.
Video would have been better with the original black powder they used. Great big clouds of black smoke obscuring the view was all part of the fun.
This is also way oversimplified. Raising some people's wages to a living wage, doesn't mean they earn the same as a CEO. It means they won't have to use food stamps to make ends meet.
The problem is the analogy is bad and whoever made this should feel bad.
Even a single shot produces a fair bit of smoke. Granted with the wind blowing it away is goes quickly. Even with the guy shooting a semi-auto with black powder loaded rounds. I would suspect if you had hundreds of rifles firing all at once and cannons added into the mix. You probably didn't want the wind blowing your way on the battlefield.
I work with older people. I have seen them get worse bruising than this when they hit a door frame.
That would be bruising. She probably fell and hit her elbow on the floor. I am sorry to hear about your dad. That must have been difficult. I hope you have found peace.
Were you inspired by the Psychos in Borderlands for your character?
The dog looks like he is getting ready to fuck someone up.
This song gives me chills when I listen to it. I think Lane knew he was going to die young.
That is what I was curious about. How much of a hit will it be to be pro refugee. It seems like Europe is stuck between a rock and a hard place right now. You have upward of a million people trying to flee a war zone. Which is a true humanitarian problem. At the same time some of those same refugees. Don't understand or accept western cultural values. Honestly I don't think there are any good answers.
An interesting map. I especially like how it talks about each of the ships and describes how they were sunk.
Nope a friend of my had to drive through Oregon a couple of months ago. Was really surprised when he stopped to fill up his gas tank.
Is it possible to use the strange orbits of the objects in the Kuiper belt to narrow down where to look? If I remember correctly Jupiter has an effect on objects in the asteroid belt.
Essentially not enough data to go on at this point. Must be both magical and frustrating to be an astronomer.
My current group has a gunslinger in it. I decided my halfling rogue views firearms as magical? possibly demonic. When we have some interpersonal interactions I make sure to ask him about the clearly evil and unsettling magic involved with weapons. He has assured me they are not evil or magical in any way.
That is exactly what is being taken away from them. Some southerners have a funny ideal of liberty.
Here I was thinking the answer was Jeb Bush.
Thank you. I was unaware of this incident. On a side note I am betting those monuments are probably not federal. More likely state or city.
A little Radaway should take care of that no problem.
Not satire. During the Vietnam War there were stories of returning troops being spit on by anti-war protesters. I don't think it actually happened though.
It seems to me that the people you hear the most are on the fringes. I don't know if it is because they yell the most or what. I can understand your concern. When you feel like everyone has gone insane instead of being rational. To be fair, I also think that the moderate conservative and ultra right wing needs to part ways. It often from my perspective appears that any candidate who doesn't stick to an almost fundamentalist orthodoxy is ejected from the modern republican party. Anyway good luck and I hope some sanity will return soon.
Kilpatrick should keep his fool mouth shut. He cannot in anyway help.
Not a bad theory to be honest. Your are right about the if it bleeds it leads mentality on the news.
Didn't know Jeb was still in the race. As far as I can tell, the only two republicans left are Trump and Cruz.
We usually fight over access to resources. We are not that far removed from the animal kingdom.
I would suggest the beginners box and then move to RotRL. Better to get a feel for the game in my opinion.
It is difficult to have a serious discussion when one or both sides simply engage in name calling or appeals to emotion.
When you consider that Donald Trump is getting support from the white nationalist crowd. This meme looks even dumber than usual.
Thanks, not surprised by this reaction. Having so many people move in so suddenly who have completely different religion, custom and culture is going to cause a backlash. Especially when those same people are bringing so much crime with them.
A friend of mine had a bumper sticker that read "Nuke a gay whale for Jesus".
Well that's a few million down the drain. Was this bad navigation?
Ted Cruz fits most of these talking points as well.
My Grandfather was stationed in China during WWII. He was part of the Army Air Corp. He told me one time that they were told not to help people if they saw them in distress because they would then have to care for the person.
There is a lot about punishment in the ideology as well. If you have sex that they don't like then you should get get diseases, get pregnant and be punished or you sinful ways.
I have always thought it was weird that FDR has been given a pass on agreeing to hand half of Europe over to Stalin. I guess in some ways he was caught between the Devil and the deep blue sea. It is too bad that he was not more cognizant of Stalin's goals.
Interesting. I would have thought with FDR's declining health that they would have tried to keep Truman in the loop even more. Sad that they didn't. Do you have any good suggestions for reading on the transition of power after FDR's death?
Well all three of the black people in Maine should be careful from now on.
I didn't realize we where dragging the Hillary is a lesbian attack out of the closet. Did you finally drop the Benghazi attack?
I am not sure why they would complain about someone getting Pell Grants. That usually means they are going to school to gain skills for a job that won't require public assistance.
Hitler was a national socialist, not a democratic socialist. In fact if you look at the types of programs they established they weren't very good socialists either.
We have tried with our son. He is six. Still leaves a turd in the toilet unless we tell him to flush. No idea why.
That is probably the problem. Most of my perks are in things like gun nut, science, local leader etc. I need to look at the damage added perks. thanks.
Looking through the perks I think I need to put points into the gunslinger, rifleman, commando perks. That would help substantially.
I think they are making the assumption that most graphic designers are hipsters types with beards and flannel.
I had a friend like that in High School. He listened to obscure bands that made Metallica look like a bunch of pussies. Turned out his parents were hard core born again Christians. I think he mostly did it to piss them off.
What gets me right in the feels is that all the music that was the soundtrack for High School is now classic rock. Man I remember when it was just released new and singular.
