I would feel bad. If there were anything to feel bad for. Megan fox got plastic surgery. I don't feel bad for her.
That settles it. Owls are the cats of the sky.
How many episodes was she in?
Ha!
Im surprised the NSFW rule is up there.
You succeeded.
Its the arch.
There are the most deaths!
It sounds like The girl from Ipanema.
It sounds like The girl from Ipanema.
Ya sure. If you want everyone to have grotesque bimbo proportions.
This could be the best response I've ever seen. Just because of just bow many situations it could be the best reply for.
And its soldiers driving it. HA! In your faces marines!
So your full of shit though?
Are you fucking happy now?!?
Then she should go to jail and her efforts in community service should be paid to him.
They would have just called her rosie then.
I love pitbulls.
Needs more mass effect
You spelled "great" incorrectly.
Going to owned.com be right back. Edit: don't go there.
Still cant have naked pictures of anyone under 18.
This is the kind of shit that created /r/fatpeoplehate
I don't think chorizo would make for a good father figure.
You're bacteria.
Lying piece of shit.
Lying piece of shit.
He's lying.
Ha!
Paul Blart mall cop.
That's a little simple minded.
I brought you back up from "0" (like it matters). But you should get that checked out.
Fucking nothing but liars these days.
How long have you been playing games?
Lol. Why are you apologizing.
"Envious."
Did that happen in china?
Thanks a lot bin laden.
Just because people are ignorant doesn't mean that there actions are valid.
It works for the nfl.
Except for in its most popular sport.
Aqua teen hunger force
Very nice. Now someone teach her how to use make up.
"Black" guys.
10gb plans and higher are $40 per month for a smartphone. If you do next (or pay full retail for the phone (same price)) then you get a $25 discount every month. $25x24=$600. The 24 is the 24 month contract you're avoiding. $600+$200 (we'll just use a 16gb iphone 2yr cost for example) =$800 $800&gt;$650. 650 is the retail cost of an iphone 6. The same savings can be found in any phone respectively.
http://i.imgur.com/w2cS3WK.jpg
If you ever choose to go down the futurama path you should probably bring tissues.
I AM THE LAW
I appreciate your expectations in recreations photos.
Best comment all day.
http://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/391hzl/seinfeld_college_kids_way_too_pc_now_they_dont/
Typical hollywood. Cant just accept the black hole for what it is.
Foobs
Thats it.
Thats lil wayne
Where's the person commenting on how the v-neck gets deeper and deeper?
https://i.imgur.com/HbGUFD5.gifv
https://i.imgur.com/HbGUFD5.gifv
They'll love this over at /r/Chocolatechiseler
You can get robbed on earth.
"I would." You dumb boy.
Did adam demampt almost have down syndrome?
Christ thats so pathetic it made me sad. You need to examine your life before you keep trying to shit on others'. Thats not even a dis. Im literally saying that you have problems and you need to get them checked out.
Its the exact same link just with .gif behind it...
And i thought i was dumb.
Duhstroyed
Actually after seeing specials on them i could see them making that joke.
Bullshit
Dont go to sleep
Reminders!
Ya sooooo they definitely had this ready when the xbox one came out.
http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v738/thoughtless_psycho/Facebook/Random%20things/4299_79393847638_599847638_1908549_1134473_n.jpg
Am i the only one who wants a very different mechanic than just the "double jump?" Something that takes finesse and can be fine tuned. Not just your run of the mill destiny stuff.
I've never noticed his demeanor this clearly. He doesn't look like a guy who aimed at killing the president and succeed. And thats a fucking accomplishment no matter how you look at it.
Fo real dawg
Me too.
Her?
Thats a bingo
More like its a legitimate question.
No they don't.
Ha
Do you like goods movies? If you do, you will love this movie.
You blow hard
Biggest talked are always full of shit.
I can understand that.
Lets just pretend everyone here is for the video that everyone here just watched.
I dont care about the women. I just want the couple behind them to be my grandparents.
Its the suv.
You mean the word envious. Jealousy is when you're afraid someone is going to take something from you http://youtu.be/Tmx1jpqv3RA
Aw dammit. Shes a scientologist?
Uhhhh http://youtu.be/Tmx1jpqv3RA
I think you can here her accent when she says "this is perfect."
Its just a fun example
I just cant wait to be a father and enjoy talking to kids as if they were people. Apparently something's wrong with me. Also staring contests.
Yep. And with all the bigen's the 5's will start acting like 9's.
Not buying it anymore. Plenty of other games coming out. Like a shit ton.
Why out all of the effort into making it look better, i mean as good, err i mean only graphics 5 years before the original release when money?
Bam! Right in the face!
thats simplifying the effect that shit like this can have on an entire industry.
She has fat fingers. There i said it!
That was disappointing
Your edits made me sad. Did people really those things?
You'd think with the glorious leader controlling the weather they'd be better.
I uhhh. Just realized that thats David Attenborough. And the guy from jurassic park is Richard Attenborough.
As my grand pappy use to say; "there are two things in this world you shouldn't rush; love, and bowel movements. And i love taking bowel movements."
He's talking about the people that try to keep it looking like a cop car.
Ya but i could say that with any post.
Gross
Shit title
Empire strikes back.
Did you not buy tickets for the smug train?
I love this lady. But wouldn't she be more influential as a senator than a Vp?
I just wish trash would go away. But hen where would I get my justice rage?
That is most definitely an assault rifle. Who told you it wasn't? The damn thing is called an AR-15
As a veteran i am surprised.
The more you know. Thanks.
I wouldn't be surprised if att changed all the old plans to unlim talk and text, even for a lower price. All without even thinking of touching the unlimited plans. Wouldn't have to account for much losses and the PR would be AMAZING. It would be a controlled group.
You shouldn't have to got out of your way to say no. How is everyone missing that? Ya it'd be a perfect world if everyone did but you're treating it like charity shaming.
It doesn't matter how long or how hard it is. Should you have to go out of your way to maintain your freedom of speech? No you shouldn't.
Man. You took nothing and went nowhere with it. When you come down from whatever level you just tried to take this to we can have a conversation about it.
Some day you'll look back on this illogical attitude you're carrying around and realize you were being a dumb asshole for no reason. Said the veteran.
I THOUGHT I WAS HE ONLY PERSON WHO NOTICED THAT!!!!! She said "FUCK THAT," but they changed it to "screw that." Plus those boobies.
Dude. You are missing the point. Stop being a child and look over what you've been saying. Grow up. This is you. https://youtu.be/MmFqAuVZMTY?t=30s
I said Im a veteran. If you dont know enough about life to know that THATS your answer then youre hopeless. Go back into your whole.
How did you get ranked in your state? Just tourneys or is there some kind of ranking system in the game?
In a perfect world you would never bring att into the phone buying experience. In a perfect world for at&amp;t you would buy all your phones and THEN go to them for service on the phones. You don't buy you computer from your isp do you? Same thing.
Thats vin diesel.
Thats gotta be at least THE most depressing songs in the disney universe.
Or they could store the specs of each road in good weather and go off of memory.
And go 300mph+
Did they have to give her a fivehead? But in all honesty, and i know reddit would disagree, but jlaw isnt hot. Not even. Attractive? Yes. Hot? No. All this with the follow up of romain? Forget about it.
Do people really like that character? Seriously?
That joke will never work for me after i saw the video of the lady falling into one... DO NOT go looking for it.
See: BLM
Bureau Lives Matter, etc.
Ya, but i actually don't see why you would have to give up owning your own car. Like ever. I don't need to buy my own bike because my city has bike 24/7 rental stations through out. But do i own my own bike? Yep.
Just had the micro version of that man. Feel like a jenga stack ready to fall apart at any moment. But even so, sometimes all you can do is pick up the pieces and move on.
Age difference.
Introducing: Darth Springer!
And whooo was that guard??
But whats their purpose?
So close to being completely accurate.
Says the what now? Ease off that horse sjw.
In what way could i be "full of shit?" I havent even claimed anything. Learn your words child. And preach your ignorant neckbeard to someone at your level.
Well you just saved havoc for me. But ya that character in first class was just terrible. The first scene of him has him trying to rip his shoulder blades out of his back just to look cool. The guy would have had a stroke if he tried any harder.
Good one. Thanks for proving my point.
The yellow one.
And still no RDR 2???? Or 3?????
Thats actually how it's "suppose to be."
Your a real pal. ;)
The only way you can get the idea that she did know all about it is the visions she had in the basement. They show luke grimacing next to r2 about the deaths of the padawans.
Ya, i would love if people came to me with the least bit of notion to even listen to information let alone get some before they come in.
The salmon migrations keep me up at night.
Those backers are probably pretty happy right about meow.
Has anyone else gotten the red and white striped walls glitch there?
Right. Paging /u/petermayhew Help us chewy! You're our only hope!
Da
Punchy mc fisty cufts! Thats how!
Ya, thoose are knuckles if ive ever seen them.
That guys a big phony!
Every picture of you is you when you were younger.
This is just a pic from the alternate universe where el chapo is a real life John McClain.
I already voted last year in my current address but it says im not registered. Is there a difference between that and caucus registration?
What did he say???
Technically he was a bronco.
Ive been saying this since day freagin one. But only to a few people because good lord do sjw/pc'ers just wait in the rafters to come down on anyone with legitimate concerns.
Technically yes, but we still need to figure out if that should matter. All the SJW/PC maniacs will scream over you to tell you it doesn't and you're a horrible horrible person for even thinking that. But they're idiots.
See episode "raising gazopazorp" of Rick and Morty for upcoming world events.
See episode "raising gazopazorp" of Rick and Morty for upcoming world events.
Yesno
Which?
So does that mean you thought i was referring to "Richard Fucks?" Ironically that name would and probably does belong to a male pornstar.
Any good stories?
Yep yep yep
I just want to be a part of that gang.
lololololololol
I need these answers
Rewindme! 24 hours ago!
Yu should also post this to /r/backdimples Great work!
That. And a massive amount of fear and insecurity bred into the society they hold above all others.
/r/buzzfeed
Like seahorses.
It's an honest question considering i cant find anyone else griping about it online.
Yes
Its a babying technique if its the case.
It will work with whatever plan.
Any smartphones as long as they're worth at least $10 to at&amp;t and aren't broken. So about anything more valuable than a 4s. It its a gsm 4s then even that.
Please bring down all of these yahoo news click bait titles.
The 20 gb plan is $200. So if you're already paying that then you need to just compare with what get to what you give up. Current: everything you need for the price you're paying. (As long as the other two line dont start using more. MSV 20gb plan: hot spot, Mexico becomes kinda local and tablets become "only" $10 for cell service. If none of those appeal to you then id stick with what ya got for the time being until something better comes along.
These comments suck.
Psssh, animated shows are dumb. ALL HAIL THE HYPNOTOAD!
"New customer" goes line by line. So even if her account is 10 years old l, when you add on the new lines *are* "new customers." So yes, you would get all the new promos for each like added.
Dont create a new account. Both att and dtv account HAVE to be under the same last name. And the porting old att numbers back to att is fine too. Just add the new lines to the existing account and you'll get everything you're looking for.
Do you have an extra playing you in "Munich?" Just say yes.
Hello ground!
Oh my god these fucking TMZ titles are making people dumber.
Which entrance?
[I think you just really love smash mouth](http://youtu.be/rmn12HszN8c)
Vice president O'Malley?
More like josh groban.
